Whether you 're a graphic designer , web designer or other creative professional , finding work in a down economy can be tough .
And what do you do when a client does n't want your brilliant design , or you have no work to do to begin with ?
Why not sell those rejected designs as templates , and spend your downtime competing against other designers for projects without having to schmooze the client first ?
Here are over 40 sites where you can sell everything from logos to web templates , photos , WordPress themes , and much more .
Have another site to recommend ?
Tell us more about it in the comments .
Stock Marketplaces
Graphic Leftovers -
Sell logos , icons , illustrations , templates and more through this site .
Graphic Leftovers pays higher royalties than many comparable sites .
i Stockphoto - Sell photos , illustrations , flash , video , and more through this quality - controlled site .
( Mashable has a partnership with iStockphoto )
CoSwap - Swap your designs or codes for something else you need , or sell your work outright .
VectorStock -
Sell vector stock images through this site .
FlashDen -
Flash file marketplace that pays you at least 40 % of the sales price .
VideoHive -
Sell your stock video footage and motion graphics .
ThemeForest -
Sell stock web design templates and earn at least 40 % of the sales price .
GraphicRiver - Sell vector images , layered Photoshop files and more .
Shutterstock - Earn $.25 per download for photography and vector images .
MyFonts -
Sell your fonts as part of the largest font collection online .
WP Theme Market - Design and sell WordPress Themes .
cutcaster.com -
Sell your digital images and vector graphics , along with stock video .
Clever Andy -
See your designs turned into fully - functioning sites and then earn commission on the total sale price .
Templamatic - Upload and sell your own website templates .
CMS Market - Sell templates , extensions and more for Joomla and WordPress ( Drupal will be added soon ) .
Css Templates Web -
Sell low - cost , css - based website templates .
Linotype.com -
This site actively seeks new font designers to add to their collection .
ITCFonts.com -
Sell complete font character sets through this site .
Cerizmo -
Sell any kind of digital product in your own customizable store and get paid instantly .
Theme Galaxy - Premium WordPress theme designers who are always looking for new talent to join their team .
Wordpress Designers -
Another premium themes site that is on the lookout for new designers to work with .
StyleWP The Press Exchange - A forum - based platform for buying , selling , and trading WordPress themes .
webmaster - talk - Another forum - based marketplace for website templates .
Digital Point Buy , Sell or Trade Forum -
Sell templates or entire sites on this forum .
Covantage Templates -
Sell website , flash , logo and other templates .
Custom Marketplaces
crowdSPRING -
Work on spec on a variety of design projects , competing against other designers .
99 designs - Compete against other designers on real projects to win cash prizes .
Project4Hire.com - Bid on projects in a variety of categories including graphic design and web design .
DesignFirms -
List your design firm and have clients come to you for project bidding .
Zooppa - Create ads and compete against other designers to win cash prizes .
LogoBash - Get paid $ 180 for any logo you design chosen by a client .
Alternative Ways to Make Money With Your Designs
redbubble - Another artwork marketplace where you can sell wall art , t- shirts , calendars and greeting cards .
Minted - Submit designs to this regular contest and receive cash prizes .
Artbreak -
Sell paintings , drawings , and photography alongside other artists from all over the world .
Threadless - Design a t- shirt , submit it for voting , and if it's one of the best , see it made and sold .
Artist Rising -
An artwork marketplace that includes photography and digital art .
imagekind - Sell artwork in a variety of formats — framed , canvas , posters , greeting cards and more .
Spreadshirt - Create custom t- shirts to sell .
pikistore - Set up your own online t- shirt store .
I Vote For Art -
Put your artwork up for sale and have it voted on .
Zazzle -
Put your designs on unique products to sell .
More design resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , Kativ
About The Author Andrew Gibson is a photographer and writer .
He runs Magical Places Fine Art , an online photography magazine and another great photography resource .
More about Andrew Gibson …
35 Examples Of Beautiful City Photography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
More people across the world are living in cities than ever before .
Cities are both places of historical significance and the engines of the world ’s economy .
They ’re also home to some of the greatest treasures and buildings that mankind has created .
Cities are wonderful subjects for photography .
They offer a variety of subjects suitable for both straight and HDR photography , including architectural , street and night photography .
The structure , angles and texture you get with architectural photography make it unique and very engaging .
More people across the world are living in cities than ever before .
Cities are both places of historical significance and the engines of the world ’s economy .
They ’re also home to some of the greatest treasures and buildings that mankind has created .
Cities are wonderful subjects for photography .
They offer a variety of subjects suitable for both straight and HDR photography , including architectural , street and night photography .
The structure , angles and texture you get with architectural photography make it unique and very engaging .
From the energy of Cairo to the canals of Venice , Smashing Magazine celebrates the diversity of the world ’s cities by presenting you 35 beautiful city photos .
Be sure to check out the portfolios of the talented photographers whose work you see here .
We ’ve also included some useful links at the bottom of the article .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
35 Beautiful City Photos
KoRaYeM
Cairo , Egypt
miguelyn
Rapanui , Chile
Gaston Batistini
Paris , France
Joan Leong
Singapore
Portiman
Rome , Italy
szeke
Machu Picchu , Peru
Thomas Ebenhan
Lisbon , Portugal
Foureyes
Badalin , China
David Giral
Bastide du Village de Monpazier , Périgord , Dordogne , France
Serijo_r
Saint Basil ’s Cathedral , Moscow , Russia
Juanma Alvarez
Valencia , Spain
Ævar Guðmundsson
Reykjavik , Iceland
Giuseppe Finocchiaro
Oia , Greece
Alex Marlowski
Haram al - Sharif , Jerusalem
Svensson
Paris , France
Thomas Ebenhan
Berlin , Germany
Franco Farina
Barcelona , Spain
Colin Allan
Carrbridge , UK
Katarina Stefanovic
London , UK
Joaquim Granell
Pisa , Italy
Razu Ryza
Shah Alam , Selangor , Malaysia
Eric Toriel
Marrakech , Morocco
Ben Visbeek
Zugspitze , Germany / Austria
Joep Roosen
New York City , US
Andrea Kamal
Hamburg , Germany
Franco Farina
Barcelona , Spain
Andrey Permitin
Moscow , Russia
Ruben Seabra
Madrid , Spain
David Rocaberti
Tokyo , Japan
Jasbir Singh
The Great Mosque , Makkah , Mecca , Saudi Arabia
Sean Mantey
Newcastle , UK
Joep Roosen
Rotterdam , Netherlands
Joanot
Giza Plateau , on the outskirts of Cairo , Egypt
butterflyscream
Pisa , Italy
Istvan Kadar
Pura Luhur Uluwatu Temple , Bali
André Luiz Martins
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Fulvio Pellegrini
New York City , United States
Last Click
Mark Bowman
Lilla Torget ( Little Square ) Malmo , Sweden
Sources and Resources
For Shae , who discovered this on a Chinese buffet .
I had found this on a buffet also .
It is a great little dish , with a little bite of pepper that is quite addictive !
verb : to wreck anything by merely loaning your name or persona to itadjective : cursed , tainted , ruined , spoilednoun : a talentless pile of flotsam that should soon go away
" I was going to run for a liberal Democrat whiny dog catcher in my home town , but once I found out that Ben Affleck was campaigning for me , I conceded to the retarded lobster who was running against me as I knew that I would lose " " I found out that the free lunch involved listening to some Amway speaker ; what a Ben Affleck that turned out to be "
A protest by New York University students seeking negotiations with school officials over financial and academic issues ended Friday after almost 40 hours , with students leaving a dining room that had been barricaded and a school spokesman announcing the suspensions of 18 of the participants pending a disciplinary review .
About two dozen students were still involved in the protest when security guards removed barricades made of tables and chairs in the late morning and swept into a third - floor dining room inside the Kimmel student center , said Banu Quadir , 21 , a senior who participated in the demonstration .
Ms. Quadir said that those inside the room were photographed and asked to present identification and that school officials distributed letters to N.Y.U. students that stated , “ You are suspended from , and classified as a persona non grata at New York University . ”
Shortly after 1 p.m. , several dozen students rallied across the street from the student center to acknowledge the protest .
Please ask President Obama and U.S. Secretary Department of Education , Arne Duncan this question :
WHEN will you TAKE ACTION to ensure EQUAL CIVIL RIGHTS TREATMENT OF CHILDREN IN AMERICA'S SCHOOLS by ABOLISHING PHYSICAL ( Corporal ) PUNISHMENT ( PADDLING with wooden boards )
IN 21 STATES THAT STILL ALLOW AND PRACTICE the deliberate infliction of physical pain and suffering on schoolchildren intended to punish them without parental consent or notification with legal impunity !
Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union issued a report on 8/20/08 titled " A Violent Education " that cited the latest available ( 2006 - 07 ) U.S. Department of Education , Office for Civil Rights statistics where schools reported disciplining over 223,000 schoolchildren by spanking , hitting or similar means for minor infractions such as chewing gum or violating school dress codes .
Physical punishment of schoolchildren does not teach them appropriate behavior , but in fact , powerfully models physical assault / violence as the acceptable means of solving problems / conflict resolution .
Our family resides in the state of Tennessee and the learning environment is not safe , healthy or supportive , as my two children who attend Middle School speak of overhearing paddlings being administered to students in the halls .
They tell us the names of the children who receive the paddlings ( the same students are usually paddled on a regular basis ) and how many blows they receive as they can hear them .
Teachers show students wooden paddles with holes drilled in them which are kept in their desk drawers and use threats of physical violence to obtain obedience .
Students are afraid to raise their hands to ask questions for fear of ridicule or physical punishment , which is not conducive to academic or social achievement .
We have been writing to our elected government officials and Agency Leaders such as President George Bush , Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education Margaret Spellings , Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen , U.S. Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker of Tennessee and U.S. Congressman John Tanner of Tennessee and Tennessee State Department and Board of Education only to receive replies that tell us " By LAW , this matter is a local issue , the responsibility of our Local School Board . "
We have written to our local school board 's 7 elected representatives and the Superintendent / Director of our County 's Schools on 3 occasions and we made a verbal / written presentation at their School Board Meeting and we have received NO RESPONSE !
It is agreed by many professional organizations including the American Academy of Pediatrics , National Teachers Association , National Parent - Teacher Association , National Association of School Counselors , the National Association for the Education of Young Children and the National Association of Family Physicians that Physical Punishment of Children is not necessary and is harmful to children and the learning environment .
Some of the devastating negative effects on the child are fear of attending school , low self - esteem and distrust and resentment of authority figures that last a lifetime .
Recent shocking news headlines in the State of Tennessee such as " E. Tenn .
Principal to Plead Guilty for Student Assault , " " 8 - Year - Old , in Trouble at School , Hospitalized after Trying to Hang Self , " " Loudon Principal Investigated in alleged Paddling of 11 - Year - Old , " and " Marion County Sheriff 's Office Investigates Case of Excessive Discipline " are evidence of the tragic consequences and negative effects of corporal punishment .
This unacceptable practice jeopardizes educators careers and places tax - payer funded school district assets at risk .
Glaring testament to the efforts of concerned citizens is evidenced by the names of the following citizen founded and operated non-profit organizations , some have been working to Abolish the Unacceptable Practice of Physical ( Corporal ) Punishment of Children in Schools for DECADES : Tennesseans for Non Violent School Discipline , Parents and Teachers Against Violence in Education , National Coalition to Abolish Corporal Punishment in Schools , The Hitting Stops Here ! , People Opposed to Paddling Students .
What a sad testament to America 's " Culture of Violence " that after all this time and effort , little progress has been made .
In 29 states , the legislatures have correctly enacted legislation to Abolish Corporal punishment of Children in Schools .
Please help us to make sure that our Elected Government Officials are AWARE of this injustice and inequality and MAKE A COMMITMENT to end Corporal Punishment in Schools .
The cost of eliminating teachers ' right to assault and batter schoolchildren is $ 0 .
Solar Schools Better Equipped for Recession
February 4th , 2009 by Sarah Lozanova
[ social_buttons ]
U.S. schools spend more on utilities than books and computers combined .
Public schools spent $ 8 billion on utilities in 2002 , up by $ 2 billion from 2000 , and the fluctuating utility and oil prices can be daunting when planning for the future .
Although natural gas and oil prices have come down significantly from their high last July , it is important to remember their recent impact .
“ Electricity is up approximate 12 % , heating oil is up 65 % , and natural gas is up 40 % , ” said Supt .
Dr. Patricia Grenier of Barnstable School District last summer .
“ This is nothing that anyone has done , but this is an impact that must be addressed . ”
Some school districts are cutting staff or increasing taxes .
Others are even considering a 4 day school week to save on fuel costs .
No matter how the budgets are ultimately balanced , it is hard for anyone to get excited about paying more for energy .
An organization called Climate Cycle is gathering momentum and enthusiasm by installing solar systems in public schools .
Climate Cycle organizes bike rides to raise awareness and funds to combat climate change .
Proceeds from the rides are used to install the solar systems in local schools and for global warming education .
The inaugural ride will be on May 9 in downtown Chicago .
Why Solar as a Solution ?
“ Solar technology is a way to supplant the use of fossil fuels , ” said Joey Feinstein , Executive Director of Climate Cycle .
“ Contrary to most people ’s beliefs , residential and commercial buildings are responsible for the lion ’s share of greenhouse gas emissions .
Putting solar in schools is a great way to reduce the carbon emissions of these buildings . ”
Solar also saves money for schools that are struggling to balance their budgets .
These solar systems are provided to schools at no cost to them , while giving children first - hand experience with solutions for global warming .
Renewable energy is seen as a rapidly growing job market , and students with greater knowledge of these technologies have an advantage in the job market .
“ There will be tens of thousands of jobs in renewable energy in the future , ” said Tim Herling , the director of operations at Notre Dame High School , a school with two solar systems .
“ Why not put the boys in this school in the front of this industry ?
If this is the future , let it start here . ”
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The winner of the first Christopher Booker prize will walk away with this unique trophy , plus the Guardian 's very minimal support for a one - way solo kayak trip to the North Pole
So here it is : your first sight of the Christopher Booker prize 2009 .
It is named in honour of the Sunday Telegraph columnist 's amazing ability to include misinformation and falsehoods in his pieces on climate change and other environmental issues .
Believe it or not , this stylish trophy is made entirely of recycled materials !
Lovingly fashioned by master craftsmen in mid-Wales , it shows what can be done with items that are often treated as mere rubbish !
And this is n't all .
I am suggesting that the winner of the Christopher Booker prize 2009 take the holiday of a lifetime : a one - way solo kayak trip to the North Pole .
Following in the footsteps of the great Pen Hadow , the award winner could use the trip to see for him or herself the full extent of the Arctic ice melt .
The Guardian will support this intrepid venture by supplying THREE BARS of Kendal mint cake towards the costs of this expedition .
So here 's how you help the winner on his or her way to this prestigious and valuable award :
The award will go to whoever in my opinion and assisted by climate scientists and specialists manages , in the course of 2009 , to cram as many misrepresentations , distortions and falsehoods into a single article , statement , lecture , film or interview about climate change .
This work must be available online .
You score a point for every mistake , though one point will be deducted for every retraction or correction published by the author or the original outlet within a reasonable length of time .
Please use the form below to make suggestions for this illustrious award .
This page will remain open until 31 December 2009 and I will keep you updated on the blog about some of the choice nominations throughout the year .
The Christopher Booker prize is not to be confused with the Man Booker prize , though that is also an award for fiction .
Loading ...
• The Guardian will not be held responsible for any deaths or disappearances incurred on the voyage .
Monbiot.com
Terms and conditions
(1) You can make as many nominations as you wish , until 11.59 pm on December 31st 2009 .
Reader nominations will be considered by the Guardian , but our decision on a winner will be final .
(2) There is no prize draw associated with nominations .
No prizes will be awarded to readers for submitting a nomination .
(3) The winner of the Christopher Booker Prize will be announced on the George Monbiot blog in early 2010 .
(4) Following the announcement , the winner of the Christopher Booker Prize will be entitled to claim their trophy and Kendal Mint Cakes by emailing james.randerson@guardian.co.uk .
No other prizes will be awarded .
Sony Europe 's David Reeves is almost refreshing at a time when refreshing 's in short supply .
In an intriguing shift from the standard " everything 's coming up roses " mantra , Reeves reflects on the company 's third quarter losses of $ 204 m by telling The Guardian the company " simply [ has ] to suffer a little . "
" [ We have to ] ... go down in market share and mind - share , " says Reeves .
" It 's like Ali v Foreman - go eight or nine rounds and let him punch himself out .
We 're still standing , we 're still profitable and there 's a lot of fight in us .
I do n't say we will land a knockout blow , but we 're there and we 're fighting . "
That 's quite a shift from the vibe back in early 2006 , when the PS3 was slowly cycling up its engines on the launch pad .
At the time , the company 's water carriers were comparably blithe about the system 's chances of failure .
One game designer went so far as to call the company " smug " and " incredibly arrogant . "
Asked about Microsoft 's ability to meet its sales projections in May 2006 , then Sony president Phil Harrison told the BBC " I doubt they will achieve that , " adding " I think the clear advantages of the PS3 will mean that this product is very well accepted in the marketplace " and " We have a great brand and fantastically loyal consumers . "
As it 's turned out , the PS3's advantages were anything but clear .
Sony 's brand remains unimpeachable ( tally total PlayStation sales including the PS2 and PSP as evidence ) but its consumers are either less loyal than it believed , or the loyalists far less numerous .
Maybe someone should have been paying closer attention when early polls in Japan suggested over 90 % felt the system 's launch price was too high .
Reeves says the company 's objective is financial , which , though head - slapping obvious , subtly undermines the populist assumption that a system 's success index lies singularly in unit sales .
Explains Reeves :
Our priority has always been the PS3 .
The forecast was 10 m at the beginning of the year and it 's still 10 m .
If we 'd cut the price , lost another billion dollars , we might have had a huge Christmas but it would have been followed by a huge loss .
That certainly sounds sensible .
It does n't make the PS3's golden ticket price point any easier to swallow , but it 's a reasonable response to critics — myself included — who 've repeatedly singled out the PS3's price as its albatross .
Do you have to lose money to make money ?
Sometimes yes , sometimes no .
Judging from Sony 's quarterly losses considered alongside PS3 manufacturing costs , holding steady on pricing was , perhaps in hindsight , the wiser choice .
Reeves undercuts his momentum slightly by retreating to value claims to highlight the PS3's prowess :
How do I justify it ?
Look at the capability of the machines .
With PS3 , you can go online for free , it 's got all the games you want , it 's got a Blu-ray drive so you do n't need a new player , you can store photos on it , and you 've got Home .
Actually , it does n't have all the games I want ( what does ? ) , the Blu-ray drive seems less of a selling point as downloadable video — contrary to my own expectations — may be moving to supersede it .
And PlayStation Home ?
Still a blip on the radar .
Still , it 's nice to see someone at Sony with at least a partial grip on reality .
Reeves even admits the company has " learned from Nintendo ...[ and ] an enormous amount from Microsoft , " concluding that :
Overall , the market has sharpened up individual competitors to do better - we should celebrate the industry and how we 've collectively grown it beyond all recognition .
I do n't know about you , but I 'll drink to that .
Matt Peckham has no dog in this fight and wishes Sony , Microsoft , and Nintendo the best of luck .
You can follow him at twitter.com / game_on .
If you have ever been interested in awk and sed Unix utilities , then you probably know about the awk1 line .
txt and sed1 line .
txt files that are floating around the Internet .
Each file contains around 80 idiomatic sed and awk one - liners for performing various text modification tasks .
Making my way through them was not easy and I decided to write two articles explaining every one - liner in these files .
It took me several months to finish them , but now I am proud that I did it .
Here is the Awk One - Liners Explained article : Part One , Part Two , Part Three , Part Four ( bonus ) .
And here is the Sed One - Liners Explained article : Part One , Part Two , Part Three .
My future plans are to publish a free ebook with all the one - liners .
If you are interested , please visit my site after a few months .
I ’ll publish it there .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Heavy snow disrupted air and rail travel in northern Europe on Monday , halting flights at Heathrow airport and bringing traffic in London almost to a standstill .
Tens of thousands of commuters were advised not to attempt the journey into work in London , experiencing some of its worst snow in almost 20 years .
Buses were taken off the roads and hundreds of schools were closed across the country , leaving children to play and build snowmen in parks and gardens .
“ I ’d rather be sledging than at school , ” said 7 - year - old Georgie Cunliffe , in a London park .
Forecasters said Britain would be gripped by a second day of freezing weather on Tuesday with more heavy snow spreading across the country overnight .
Conditions familiar to eastern Europe and other northerly countries notoriously pitch Britain into chaos , its infrastructure ill prepared for the cold .
Northern France also had difficulty as snow blanketed Paris and surrounding countryside bringing major air , rail and road systems to a halt .
London business leaders said the estimated cost to the capital alone could be as much as 48 million pounds in lost productivity .
The country ’s Federation of Small Businesses estimated that continuing bad weather on Tuesday could cost the economy more than one billion pounds .
All flights in and out of Heathrow , a major international hub , were cancelled for a period before a limited service resumed with long delays and cancellations .
One of its two runways was closed .
A Cyprus Airways jet at Heathrow slipped off a taxiway after arriving from Larnaca but came to a safe halt .
No -one was hurt .
Gatwick , Stansted and Luton airports reported delays and flight cancellations .
London City Airport , which serves the financial district , was closed for the day .
Dublin , Cork and Belfast airports were also forced to cancel some flights .
Large parts of London ’s underground rail network were suspended , forcing commuters to walk or seek those taxis prepared to stay out on the roads .
Slideshow ( 45 images )
WEATHER WARNING
Highway authorities warned of hazardous driving conditions in southern and central England and advised people not to drive unless absolutely necessary .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the government was “ doing everything in our power to ensure that the services , road , rail and airports , are open as quickly as possible . ”
The heaviest snow fell in southern England .
Epsom in Surrey had depths of 31 cm ( 12 inches ) , south London had 28 cm and the North Downs in Kent saw 25 cm .
Slideshow ( 45 images )
The Met Office extended severe overnight weather warnings for large parts of the country , including Scotland , Wales , Yorkshire and the Midlands .
Weather experts said southeast England was experiencing some of its worst snow since the early 1990s .
The international rail operator Eurostar also reported delays due to snow in Britain , France and Belgium .
Many workers attempted to walk to their offices , but London ’s Chamber of Commerce business organisation said lost productivity could cost the capital dear at a time when the British economy is in recession .
In France , traffic jams were recorded on roads leading into the capital during the rush hour and the Paris transport authority said many buses had to be cancelled .
So far , this winter has been Britain ’s coldest in more than a decade and forecasters expect the cold weather to continue for several more days with freezing winds blowing in from Russia .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Thousands of people have held rallies across Russia protesting against what they describe as the government 's mismanagement of the economy .
The biggest demonstration took place in the eastern city of Vladivostok , where protesters demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
In the capital Moscow , police arrested a number of people at an unauthorised gathering by a radical party .
Meanwhile , government supporters also held their rallies across the country .
Protests on such a large scale were unthinkable just a few months ago as the economy boomed with record high oil prices and as the Kremlin tightened its grip over almost all aspects of society , the BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow says .
But now with the economy in deep trouble , there is real fear amongst ordinary people about what the future will hold , he says .
He adds that unemployment is rising rapidly , as are the prices of basic food and utilities .
Putin's ' policy bankruptcy '
In Vladivostok , the anti-government demonstration was called by the Communist Party .
" The crisis is in the heads of the authorities , not in the economy ! " chanted protesters .
The protest was joined by a local group angered by higher tariffs imposed on cars imported to the city .
The region has thrived on the car import business and the government 's decision has led to job losses , correspondents say .
In Moscow , police detained a number of members of the radical National Bolshevik Party , including its leader Eduard Limonov .
Separately , our correspondent says he witnessed a small group of supporters of former world chess champion Gary Kasparov - who is now an opposition figure - being attacked by unknown masked men before later being arrested by police .
Earlier , about 1,000 supporters of the Communist Party were allowed by the authorities to hold their demonstration in the capital .
Party leader Gennady Zyuganov said the economic crisis had exposed the bankruptcy of Mr Putin 's policies .
No honey does not come out of a bee 's butt .
The forager bee collects plant / nector in its honey stomach .
When the forager bee returns to the hive , the hive bee will suck the nector into its stomach .
In the honey stomach , enzymes breaksdown the complex sugars - but it is not yet honey .
The hive bee then regurgiates the nector into a honeycomb cell .
The bees use theirwings to generate wind to evaporate the water content from the nector - until theyhave honey .
The hive bees then cap the honey with wax .
News in Science
Astronomers get double pulsar 's measure
A new software package developed by an Australian PhD student has helped astronomers calculate the exact distance to a bizarre double pulsar .
As well as providing a major advance in the way scientists measure the positions of distant objects in space , it may also help astronomers put Einstein 's general theory of relativity to the ultimate test .
The findings are published in today 's issue of the journal Science .
Dr Adam Deller , who recently completed his PhD at Swinburne University in Melbourne , says it is very difficult to measure distances in space using existing telescopes and processing hardware .
Deller 's software boosts the sensitivity of a telescope network by correlating signals from multiple telescopes spaced thousands of kilometres apart .
The technique , known as very long baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) , produces an image that has the same resolution as that of a telescope as large as the maximum distance between each telescope in the network .
Deller and colleagues used the software to examine a double pulsar , named J0737-3039A /B.
Unique system
Discovered in 2003 , the pulsars are only 800,000 kilometres apart and orbit each other every two and a half hours at a speed of 300 kilometres per second .
Despite being only 20 kilometres wide , they each weigh more than the sun .
The team used Dellar 's software to collect data from six Australian radio telescopes and analysed it using supercomputers at Swinburne University .
" When you combine signals from each telescope , you get very high resolution images of the object , " says Dellar .
Their observations showed that the pulsars are 1150 parsecs , or 35.5 quadrillion kilometres , from earth - more than twice the distance previously estimated .
Testing Einstein
Director of Swinburne 's Centre for Astrophysics and Supercomputing , and co-author , Professor Matthew Bailes says that by knowing the exact distance of the pulsars from earth , it will enable the astronomers to gather additional data to test Einstein 's theory .
" We can now say with confidence that before 2015 , when Einstein 's theory will be 100 years old , we 'll know how well it stands up to experiment , " he says .
" It will now be straight forward to use Parkes [ radio telescope ] to test Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity and in particular the study of gravitational waves . "
Bigger applications
Speaking from New Mexico , where he is working with colleagues at the Very Long Baseline Array , Deller says the program will be used in other VLBI experiments around the world .
" It certainly will make life a lot easier for scientists trying to measure the distances between earth and objects , both inside and outside the galaxy , " he says .
Curtin University radio astronomer , and co-author , Professor Steven Tingay says the new software could play a role in the proposed Square Kilometre Array ( SKA ) to be built next decade in either Western Australia or South Africa .
The SKA will consist of hundreds of dishes spread across the country to simulate a dish the size of Australia .
" Adam 's achievement is pioneering work , " says Tingay .
" It is a precursor to the types of things we plan to do with SKA . "
" We used six antennas in this experiment ; SKA will consist of thousands of antennas . "
In this post , I will tell you a little about what I learned on my trip , and also offer some thoughts on whether heavy oil is likely to be a panacea for peak oil .
In the recent past , production has been declining at 2 % or 3 % a year .
Chevron 's goal in the near future is to hold the decline rate to 1 % per year .
No one knows how much additional oil can profitably be produced , but rough guesses were in the 200 to 500 million barrel range .
This range equates to 10 % to 25 % of the oil produced to date as possibly being economically available for extraction .
The site produces about 80,000 barrels a day from 8,000 producing wells , meaning that on average , each well produces about 10 barrels of oil a day .
In order to make money with this type of operation , Chevron must be very efficient in everything it does -- reusing equipment whenever possible , using the best techniques possible to find the remaining pockets of oil , and prioritizing the workload of the employees , based on which activities are most likely to produce a profit , and which activities are not cost effective .
Recently , I visited Chevron 's Kern River Heavy Oil field , near Bakersfield California , as a guest of the American Petroleum Institute .
Kern River is an extremely old field , discovered in 1899 .
The oil flows a bit on its own ( API=13 ) , but really needs to be heated to be easily extracted or to be shipped by pipeline .
After more than a hundred years of pumping , most of the available oil has been extracted - - a total of a little over 2 billion barrels has been extracted .
The additional amount that can be extracted will depend on the price of oil and how well Chevron can minimize costs .
What a person sees at Kern River
I was surprised at the appearance of Kern River field .
As far as one can see , there are thousands of oil producing wells bobbing up and down .
Besides oil wells , one sees electric power lines and many types of pipes .
The area is very arid , so there is little vegetation .
Photo taken on the very hazy day when we visited Kern River .
( Click for larger image . )
There are much better photos in the Kern River Basin Tour video ( 3 minutes ) taken by professional photographers the day we were there .
The API website also has a page with still pictures and copies of the presentations from which I took most of the images in this post .
In case you are wondering , I am wearing a blue jacket in the photos .
I am not in the video .
Geology
For those interested in geology , this is the slide we were shown of Kern River Stratigraphy .
The oil is found in nine separate layers , the deepest of which is only 1,500 feet deep .
The material that the oil is trapped in is very sandy , and one of the challenges is keeping the oil wells from becoming clogged with sand .
The oil and water mixture that is extracted is about 90 % water .
Extracting Oil Cheaply
This is a diagram we were shown of Chevron 's operations .
The technique Chevron uses to heat the earth to better extract the oil is called steam flooding .
Besides the operations we would normally think of , Chevron generates electricity , most of which is sold to a local electric utility , and recycles the excess water it extracts so that it can be used for agricultural purposes .
Natural Gas
In order to generate steam for steam - flooding , Chevron purchases a large amount of natural gas .
This gas represents about half of the operating costs of the facility , so it is important that it be used efficiently .
Starting about 1985 , Chevron began to get double use of its natural gas by using the excess heat from the steam - generation process to generate electricity ( co- generation ) .
Using this approach , 300 MW of electricity is generated .
The Kern River field uses 36MW of this , and the remainder is sold to a local utility .
Since Kern River generates its own electricity , Chevron is assured of a constant supply of electricity for the facility , even if there are rolling black outs elsewhere .
Also , the sale of this co-generated electricity is a significant source of the base electrical power for California 's grid .
Through co-generation , Chevron is able to attain approximately 80 % efficiency in its use of natural gas .
Recently , Chevron has developed boilers for steam generation that are themselves 85 % efficient , removing the incentive to add additional cogeneration capacity .
Water
Since the oil - water mixture that is extracted is approximately 90 % water , the question is what to do with all of the excess water .
Chevron 's approach is to treat the water and reuse it , partly for its own use in generating steam , and partly to re-sell for agricultural use .
A small residual portion remains , which is re-injected below the water table in regulated locations .
Other Approaches for Keeping Costs Down
To keep costs down , Chevron reuses equipment as much as possible .
If a pump jack is not needed in one location , it is moved to another location .
If an oil well is no longer producing oil , the borehole can still be used for surveillance of ground temperatures ( to see how the steam is heating the area ) and for other measurements that will help determine whether there is still remaining oil in the area .
When new monitoring techniques are developed , Chevron adds new controls to existing equipment , rather than starting over with new equipment .
For example , we were shown tanks used to measure the proportion of water and oil coming from individual wells .
Some of the oil tank were set up so that a worker could use a measuring tape to measure the depth of the oil in the tank .
These old tanks have been retrofitted with new electronic controls that measure the proportion of oil and water .
Most of the oil in the oil - field has now been drained .
The challenge now is to find the remaining pockets and drain them as efficiently as possible .
Chevron has developed a 155,000,000 cell imaging model of the field that allows them to target those areas most likely to have oil remaining .
Each of the 155,000,000 cells represents an area 50 feet x 50 feet by 2 feet deep .
This model is based strictly on borehole data , not on seismic imaging .
Besides whether or not the cell is likely to have oil , the model gives other information , such as whether the area has been heated to the optimal temperature .
In trying to minimize costs , one issue of concern is precisely how long in each 24 hours a given pump jack should be pumping .
If the area is heated by steam , the area will continue to drain , whether or not the pump jack is moving .
Pump jacks are put on timers and turned on and off as needed , so as to use as little electricity as possible to pump the available oil out .
Another issue is heating the ground to precisely the correct temperature .
As one can see from the graph at the bottom of the figure below , viscosity does not decrease much after a temperature of approximately 230 degrees is reached .
The challenge is to heat to precisely the correct temperature , and no more , so as to not waste energy needed to make heat .
Historical Production
The graph in the above figure indicates that production was quite low until steam flooding was introduced about 1965 .
A peak in production of 141,000 barrels a day was reached in 1985 , when cogeneration was added .
Since then , production has been declining .
The proportion of heavy oil originally in place that can be removed varies greatly with the approach used .
We were shown this table of the percentage of oil originally in place that can be extracted with various methods .
Clearly , steam flooding is a major improvement over gravity drainage and hot water extraction .
Nearly all of the producing wells at Kern River are vertical wells .
Recently , Chevron has begun using a small number of horizontal wells as well .
Horizontal wells only make sense if the bypassed oil lies in a horizontal pattern and if the soil for the entire length has been adequately heated by steam .
If only part of the soil has been heated , the oil does not flow sufficiently freely to make the horizontal well useful .
We were told that one horizontal well started with 500 barrels a day of production -- truly outstanding when the average is only 10 barrels a day .
Costs , etc
When we asked about marginal production costs , and the answer was , " We ca n't tell you that . "
We were shown a slide that does give some partial indications , however :
Kern River is part of the San Joaquin Valley .
Using figures from this graph , we can calculate some averages for the valley as a whole .
Kern River 's costs no doubt are somewhat higher , because its oil is weighted more toward heavy oil than that of the valley as a whole , and its average production per well is lower than for the valley as a whole .
According to the slide , there is a total of 215,000 barrels a day of oil produced in the San Joaquin Valley , of which Kern River amounts to about 80,000 barrels .
The exhibit indicates that operating expenses are $ 1.4 billion a year and capital expenditures are $ 0.9 billion a year .
215,000 barrels a day is equivalent to 78,475,000 barrels a year , so operating expenses amount to $ 17.84 a barrel and capital expenditures amount to $ 11.47 a barrel , for the San Joaquin Valley as a whole .
The selling price for San Joaquin Valley oil is several dollars below that of West Texas Intermediate , so these costs are approaching the current price of oil , if WTI is about $ 40 barrel .
The costs for Kern River would be higher , so the most expensive capital expenditures are likely getting squeezed .
It was clear from our discussion that any decision on drilling or allocating workers time is made only after carefully considering the implications for profitability .
Some of the deeper areas of the Kern River Field which are harder to heat have been by - passed in the past .
Cost considerations will determine whether it makes economic sense to drill additional wells in this area .
Because of this , I would expect the price of oil to have an impact on the decline rate -- the lower the price of oil , the fewer projects are economic to undertake .
One factor that keeps costs down for Chevron is lack of debt .
Chevron has accumulated capital over the years , and is able to run its operations without debt .
Also , the fact that it has been able to buy a huge amount of oil drilling equipment at low prices over the years is helpful .
Since this equipment is fully paid for , it does not affect current costs .
Implications for Drilling Other Heavy Oil
Chevron is involved with quite a number of different heavy oil fields around the world , in areas such as Venezuela , Indonesia , and the Middle East , and the techniques it has learned are no doubt helpful in these areas as well .
It seems likely that the costs in these other oil fields will be higher , because Chevron does not have the benefit of building up a large inventory of equipment at low prices , in years past .
Also , if another company is actually drilling the wells , it may not be as well capitalized as Chevron , and need to obtain debt to finance the large up - front costs .
This will also tend to raise the cost .
In some cases , companies may not be able to obtain financing , so new or expanded heavy oil production may not be an option .
Another consideration is natural gas .
The way Chevron is currently running its operation , natural gas is needed to create the steam for steam - flooding .
If natural gas is not available in adequate quantities , it may not be possible to extract the heavy oil .
A third consideration is the speed at which the oil can be extracted .
There is more than 1 billion barrels of oil still in place .
Something less than 3 % of this can be extracted in a year ( comparing production to remaining oil ) .
If new heavy oil fields are put into production , it is unlikely they will produce a huge amount oil in a single year .
The Kern River oil field , as huge as it is , produces something like 1/1000 of total world production .
If one wanted to replace lost oil production due to decline of say , 4 or 5 million barrels as day , it would take a huge amount of infrastructure .
To replace a decline of 4 million barrels a day would require the equivalent of 50 additional Kern River oil fields each year .
The capital expenditure , if nothing else , would be overwhelming .
Because of these considerations , I do n't see heavy oil ramping up to replacing declining production of freer flowing oil .
There may be some growth in heavy oil , especially if the price of oil rises , but it is hard to see it ever growing to replace lighter oil .
Can steam - flooding be used to greatly increase the recovery on other - than - heavy production ?
I am sure we would have heard about it if it were the case -- it is not a new technique .
Steam flooding " works " on very heavy oil , because the oil is too heavy to flow otherwise .
The oil seems to be very loosely bound in what is close to sand in Kern River , so steam - flooding yields a very high percentage of oil in place .
If the oil is deeply embedded in stone with a different structure ( permeability , porosity ) , the results will likely be quite different .
Although the ' Young Pretender ' Charles Edward Stuart took Edinburgh city in September 1745 , the plan to restore a Stuart to the English throne stalled when English Jacobites refused to back the rebellion .
His forces were defeated at the Battle of Culloden in 1746 .
Why Firefox is the best porn browser
Tabbed browsing , a faster alternative to multi- window browsing .
When you open a link in a new tab , you can continue reading or clicking links in the original tab while the linked page loads .
Unlike new browser windows , new tabs open instantly .
You can quickly open a link in a new tab by Ctrl+clicking or middle - clicking the link .
You can " undo " accidentally closing a tab .
, a faster alternative to multi- window browsing .
Control .
Firefox blocks unrequested pop-ups and never allows web pages to create hard - to - close full - screen windows .
Firefox gives you options to prevent web sites from resizing and focusing windows .
Firefox blocks unrequested pop-ups and never allows web pages to create hard - to - close full - screen windows .
Firefox gives you options to prevent web sites from resizing and focusing windows .
Security .
Malicious web sites can never install spyware without your permission .
Wank in peace .
Malicious web sites can never install spyware without your permission .
Wank in peace .
Privacy .
Everything you might want to clear in order to cover your tracks -- cookies , cache , download history , history -- is in one place in Options .
Firefox even provides a " Clear All " button to clear all of this information quickly .
Everything you might want to clear in order to cover your tracks -- cookies , cache , download history , history -- is in one place in Options .
Firefox even provides a " Clear All " button to clear all of this information quickly .
Extensibility .
The Pornzilla bookmarklets and extensions can improve your porn surfing experience far beyond what any browser vendor would dare .
The Pornzilla bookmarklets and extensions can improve your porn surfing experience far beyond what any browser vendor would dare .
New windows open quickly .
When you download a file and Firefox asks you to select a download filename and location , it starts downloading the file while it waits for your response .
You can save video clips quickly by Alt+clicking the ( thumbnail ) link to the video clip .
If you save video clips this way , Firefox wo n't even prompt you for a filename ( unless you select " Ask me where to save every file " in the " Downloads " section of Firefox 's Options ) .
You can control whether videos are displayed in the browser window or saved in the " Downloads " section of Firefox 's options .
File > Save As ... works for movies being displayed by the Quicktime plug-in .
All visited URLs are shown in location bar autocomplete , so you can quickly see which galleries and which images you 've seen within a given site .
While using Firefox , you wo n't accidentally set a porn image as your desktop wallpaper .
( Firefox has a " set as wallpaper " feature , but it asks whether you want the image tiled or stretched , and the dialog has a " Cancel " button . )
Firefox has an image - rendering library called " libpr0n " and a cute , unofficial mascot named Firefox - ko .
Firefox grew out the Mozilla Suite , whose codename is " Seamonkey " ( see monkey ) .
One of Mozilla 's slogans is " free the lizard " .
Why You Should Switch to Firefox ( not specific to porn surfing )
Download Firefox
Back to the main Pornzilla page
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Top Republicans charged President Barack Obama with driving the United States toward socialism on Friday , opening an ideological attack on his big spending plans .
While the tough rhetoric was certain to rev up hard - line Republicans -- many of whom regard “ socialism ” as anathema to American life -- it was unclear how much it would change the debate in the Democratic - led Congress , which begins hearings next week on Obama ’s $ 3.55 trillion budget proposal .
John Boehner , Republican leader in the House of Representatives , on Friday called Obama ’s new budget proposal and recently passed economic stimulus plan “ one big down payment on a new American socialist experiment . ”
Obama ’s budget proposal increases taxes on the wealthiest Americans to pay for more government attention to healthcare , education , climate change and social programs along with efforts to jolt the economy out of a deepening recession .
The budget also forecasts the biggest U.S. deficit ever at $ 1.75 trillion , adding to widespread sticker shock in Congress where Democrats already pushed through Obama ’s $ 787 billion economic stimulus package with just three Republicans votes in the in the 100 - seat Senate .
“ The problem for Obama is more a question of whether the increased government intervention actually works -- gets the economy moving , creates the sense , within the next year - plus , that we are turning the corner , ” said Norm Ornstein , a congressional scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
“ The second question is whether he can keep his own Democrats together behind his tax plan and his budget hopes , ” Ornstein said .
MODERATE REPUBLICANS
WORRY
The three Senate Republicans who crossed the political aisle to back the Obama stimulus plan have said they had reservations about his budget proposal .
“ The president ’s proposed budget outlines an aggressive domestic agenda that requires serious consideration , but also raises many questions , particularly about the enormous growth in the public debt , ” said Senator Susan Collins , who along with fellow Republican Senators Olympia Snowe and Arlen Specter voted for the stimulus bill .
Democratic Senator Ben Nelson , who joined Collins in drafting a compromise on the stimulus package , also voiced concerns about the budget .
“ While President Obama inherited much of the deficit he ’s battling , his budget has eye - popping numbers , and its size and scope concern me .
In particular , I ’m not sure raising taxes is the best way to go in these times , ” Nelson said .
Lawmakers are certain to make changes in the spending plan before it is brought up for passage in the House and the Senate , likely by early April .
Senator Judd Gregg ( R - NH ) ( 2nd L ) and Representative Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) ( C ) , ranking Republican members of the congressional budget committees , arrive for a news conference to discuss the proposed 2010 federal budget at the Capitol , February 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
Senate Republicans were able to force changes to the stimulus bill with procedural maneuvers .
Budgets are not subject to such procedures , but Obama will likely need bipartisan support to win passage of the individual spending bills that implement the budget plan .
A group of 49 fiscally conservative House Democrats , whose commitment to deficit reduction has at times put some of them at odds with Obama ’s economic program , hailed Obama ’s budget for presenting what they called an honest fiscal picture .
“ To begin to set our nation back on the right fiscal track , we must first understand and acknowledge how big of a hole we are in , ” said Representative Stephanie Herseth Sandlin , a leader of the Democratic “ Blue Dog ” Coalition .
By invoking “ socialism ” -- a term many Americans equate with a frightening government takeover of the economy -- some Republicans appeared ready to use the budget debate to burnish their conservative appeal after last November ’s election drubbing .
Senator Jim DeMint called Obama “ the world ’s best salesman of socialism , ” while Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Obama ’s proposals recalled the “ big government mentality ” of former Democratic President Jimmy Carter -- a favorite target for many in the conservative movement .
Ornstein said that while the Republican charges of socialism may play well in solidly Republican congressional districts as well as conservative radio and television talk shows , they might not get broader traction .
“ I think that for most other Americans , it will either be ignored or will backfire , ” he wrote in an email to Reuters .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) -- Following Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s worst year on record , Chairman Warren Buffett told shareholders Saturday that the economy would remain in " shambles " during 2009 and beyond , offering no prediction about the future may hold for U.S. stocks .
In his annual letter to shareholders -- eagerly anticipated by investors for the insights it may hold into his thinking -- Buffett said neither he nor Charlie Munger , his long - time partner in running Omaha - based Berkshire BRK.B , - 1.45 % BRK.A , - 1.30 % , can predict winning and losing years in advance -- and no one else can either .
" We 're certain , for example , that the economy will be in shambles throughout 2009 -- and , for that matter , probably well beyond -- but that conclusion does not tell us whether the stock market will rise or fall , " Buffett wrote .
Buffett , known as the " Oracle of Omaha , " admitted to mistakes last year .
" During 2008 I did some dumb things in investments , " he said .
One such error , he said , was the purchase of a large amount of Conoco Phillips Inc. COP , - 3.70 % stock when oil and gas prices were nearing peak levels .
" I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year , " he said .
" I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $ 40 - to - $ 50 price .
But so far I have been dead wrong .
Even if prices should rise , moreover , the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars . "
Buffett also said his acquisition of shares in two Irish banks have turned out badly -- with losses of more than 89 % .
On the positive side , the investor is pleased with buys totaling $ 14.5 million in fixed - income securities issued by General Electric Co. GE , - 1.29 % , Goldman Sachs Group GS , - 1.14 % and William Wrigley Co . " We very much like these commitments , which carry high current yields that , in themselves , make the investments more than satisfactory .
But in each of these three purchases , we also acquired a substantial equity participation as a bonus . "
The per-share book value of both Class A and Class B shares of Berkshire fell 9.6 % , Buffett said .
The company 's net income fell to $ 4.99 billion from $ 13.21 billion in 2007 .
The 78 - year - old billionaire said that although the market value of bonds and stocks the company still holds have dropped dramatically along with the broader market , Berkshire is not bothered by those decreases .
" Indeed , we enjoy such price declines if we have funds available to increase our positions .
...
Whether we 're talking about socks or stocks , I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down . "
On the lookout for inflation
“ ' Whatever the downsides may be , strong and immediate action by government was essential last year if the financial system was to avoid a total breakdown .
Had that occurred , the consequences for every area of our economy would have been cataclysmic .
Like it or not , the inhabitants of Wall Street , Main Street and the various Side Streets of America were all in the same boat . ' ” — Warren Buffett
Commenting on the federal government 's actions to resolve the economic crisis , Buffett said : " Economic medicine that was previously meted out by the cupful has recently been dispensed by the barrel .
These once - unthinkable dosages will almost certainly bring on unwelcome aftereffects . "
Inflation is likely to be one such effect , Buffett said .
" Moreover , major industries have become dependent on federal assistance , and they will be followed by cities and states bearing mind - boggling requests .
Weaning these entities from the public teat will be a political challenge .
They wo n't leave willingly . "
However , said Buffett , the U.S. government did need to take " strong and immediate action " to avoid a " total breakdown " of the economy .
With regard to the subprime mortgage crisis , Buffett said lenders and buyers have to get back to a basic equation .
" The present housing debacle should teach home buyers , lenders , brokers and government some simple lessons that will ensure stability in the future .
Home purchases should involve an honest - to - God down payment of at least 10 % and monthly payments that can be comfortably handled by the borrower 's income .
That income should be carefully verified . "
He pointed out that the U.S. has overcome much worse obstacles in the past .
" Though the path has not been smooth , our economic system has worked extraordinarily well over time .
It has unleashed human potential as no other system has , and it will continue to do so .
America 's best days lie ahead . "
With sizable interests in many of the largest publicly held U.S. corporations , Berkshire 's book value was likely hit by the falling price of investments in banks and other financial - services companies including Well Fargo & Co. WFC , - 2.35 % , American Express Co. AXP , - 1.08 % , U.S. Bancorp USB , - 1.06 % and M&T Bank Corp. MTB , - 3.28 %
Those stocks dropped 34 % on average during the fourth quarter .
Such losses are n't realized , so they wo n't affect Berkshire 's quarterly earnings .
However , Buffett prefers to be judged on Berkshire 's book value , which measures the company 's assets minus liabilities .
Gary Ransom , an analyst at Fox - Pitt Kelton , expected the company 's book value to decline by 8 % in the fourth quarter .
" He 's really getting hit because he has a lot of credit - sensitive businesses , " said Jeff Auxier , manager of the Auxier Focus Fund , who owns Berkshire shares .
Berkshire 's Class A shares have dropped 44 % in the past year and hit a 5 1/2 - year low of $ 73,500 earlier this week .
The Class B shares carry 1/30th the economic value of the Class A shares .
The last time Berkshire stock slumped to multiyear lows was about nine yeard ago , when Buffett was famously scorned for missing out on the dot - com boom .
He shunned technology stocks in the late 1990s , missing out on huge gains , but when the sector crashed from 2000 through 2002 , Berkshire shares almost doubled , vindicating the investor .
However , as the housing and credit markets boomed later on in the decade , Berkshire 's stakes in financial - services companies like American Express and Wells Fargo remained large , even as he warned that the bubble might burst .
See full story .
" He 's the best out there , but it 's amazing to see how Berkshire was so concentrated in financials , " Auxier said .
' Too fast '
Berkshire waded further into the financial sector during the fourth quarter , when Buffett bought $ 5 billion in the preferred stock of investment bank Goldman Sachs .
He also invested $ 3 billion in preferred shares issued by GE , which has a large , struggling financial - services unit called GE Capital .
Blue chip GE announced a sizable dividend cut on its common shares on Friday .
See full story .
The deals came with warrants that give Berkshire the right to buy 43.5 million Goldman shares at $ 115 each and 134.8 million shares of GE at $ 22.25 each .
These contracts expire in October 2013 .
Both Goldman and GE shares currently trade below these levels , battered by the financial crisis .
Specifically , Goldman dropped 27 % since Buffett 's investment in the firm was announced Sept. 23 , while GE plunged fully 65 % since Berkshire unveiled its investment in the industrial conglomerate on Oct.
1 .
“ ' He dove in too fast and probably wishes he had waited a few months .
...
No one , not even Buffett , can call the bottom . ' ” — Mark Sellers , Sellers Capital
Soon after , Buffett wrote in a New York Times editorial that he'd been buying U.S. stocks for his personal account and recommended that other long - term investors do so too .
Since that Oct. 17 article , the S&P 500 Index SPX , - 0.48 % has slumped 22 % .
" He dove in too fast and probably wishes he had waited a few months , " said Mark Sellers , managing partner of hedge fund Sellers Capital LLC .
" He hoarded cash for years , waiting , waiting , and then used a lot of it very quickly .
No one , not even Buffett , can call the bottom . "
Indeed , Buffett was clear in his Oct. 17 editorial that he can't predict the short - term movements of the stock market and has no idea whether stocks will be higher a year from now .
However , he stressed that " major " U.S. companies will be generating record profits in five to 20 years ' time .
Buying some protection
Many of Buffett 's recent investments also have been made further up the capital structure of companies , giving him more protection , commented Sellers .
Preferred shares are senior to common stock and also pay large dividends .
Goldman and GE are paying Berkshire 10 % a year in dividends for five years .
Berkshire also recently invested in bonds issued by companies including Tiffany & Co. TIF , - 0.22 % and Harley - Davidson Inc. HOG , - 1.25 %
These securities pay 10 % to 15 % a year , according to Justin Fuller , editor of Web site Buffettologist.com and a partner at Midway Capital Research & Management LLC .
" These investments offer equity - like returns but are higher up the capital structure , "
he said .
" It 's a no brainer . "
[ Python - Dev ] RELEASED Python 3.0.1
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1
On behalf of the Python development team , I 'm happy to announce the availability of Python 3.0.1 , the first bug fix release of Python 3.0 .
Version 3.0.1 fixes dozens of bugs reported since the release of Python 3.0 on December 3rd , 2008 .
Python 3.0 represents a major milestone in Python 's history .
This new version of the language is incompatible with the 2.x line of releases , while remaining true to BDFL Guido van Rossum 's vision .
For more information , links to documentation , and downloadable distributions , see the Python 3.0.1 release page : http://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0.1/
To report bugs in Python 3.0.1 , please submit them to the issue tracker at : http://bugs.python.org/
Enjoy !
Barry -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( Darwin ) iQCVAwUBSZYpSnEjvBPtnXfVAQLQwgP/WSHp12dJVpEYtEOL/X8ynCQACriij9AM
PgT6SacbMJLbsy84CTGA1lxF4NdEUQMY1IYz0do/aZ0+nBkSoy7SlkOVcncysLSC
hVyTVlWQBdh63yA8 QUk1I5dMbKeNpbCqRRgvSHaBrVdVz9mDM/r/L+j9lhBW4Cam
2lHLjRdQaG0 = =vy0O -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
As the Independent splashed on its front page morning , Greenpeace has shed new light on UK electronic waste - such as old TVs and computers - being illegally dumped in Nigeria .
We know that Lagos in Nigeria and Accra in Ghana are both infamous dumping grounds for toxic European electronic waste disguised as secondhand goods .
Thanks to the St Louis Post - Dispatch newspaper we know that roughly three - quarters of computers sent from the US to Nigeria for reuse are beyond repair and end up being dumped .
And we know that electronic waste in the UK is growing three times faster than other types of waste .
Here 's what Greenpeace did :
Acting on a tip - off , we launched our operation to see just where some electronic waste was ending up .
We took an unfixable TV , fitted it with a tracking device and brought it to the UK's Hampshire county council for recycling .
Instead of being safely dismantled in the UK or Europe , like it should have been , the council 's ' recycling ' company , BJ Electronics , passed it on as ' secondhand goods ' and it was shipped off to Nigeria to be sold or scrapped and dumped .
Sky has the video :
What can we do as individuals to stop this ?
There 's no overnight fix , but one easy step you can take right now is to sign Computer Aid 's petition , which calls for " the prime minister to increase the resources given to the Environment Agency so they can stop the UK 's electrical waste being dumped in developing countries . "
Capital Gate in Abu Dhabi is set to enter the Guinness Book of Records
as the ' world 's most inclined tower . '
It will lean 4 times as far as
Leaning Tower of Pisa .
Capital Gate will accommodate the 5 - star Hyatt at Capital Centre hotel
and will provide the most exclusive office space in Abu Dhabi .
The
tower forms a major part of the Capital Centre development , a $ 2.2
billion business and residential micro city being constructed around
the thriving Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre .
The new 200 room , 5 - star hotel to be operated by Hyatt International
will open in late 2009 and will be the first Hyatt operated hotel in
the UAE capital .
In recognition of its significance and its stature ,
Hyatt International has named the hotel ' Hyatt at Capital Centre ' .
It
will be one of the most exclusive business hotels in the world .
Hyatt
International already operates 3 luxury hotels in Dubai , UAE under the
brands Park Hyatt , Grand Hyatt and Hyatt Regency .
Capital Gate leans westward an astonishing 18 degrees ; by comparison
the Leaning Tower of Pisa leans less than 4 degrees .
Because of its
unique posture , the tower is being constructed on top of an incredibly
dense mesh of reinforced steel .
The dense mesh sits above an intensive
distribution of 490 piles which have been drilled 30 meters underground
to accommodate the gravitational , wind and seismic pressures caused by
the lean of the building .
Its graceful , asymmetric diagonal structure , known as a ' diagrid ' ,
supports the tilting external load of the building and we believe that
this is the first building in the world to use a pre-cambered core .
Other diagrid buildings include the Hearst Tower in NYC and the
Gherkin in London .
Besides being believed to be the ' world 's most inclined ' building ,
Capital Gate also features 728 unique custom - made diamond - shaped
glazing panels .
Due to the structure 's curving shape , each pane of
glass is different and each will be fitted at a slightly different
angle .
Photo credit : RMJM
MEXICO CITY  Gunmen stormed into the home of a policeman in the southeastern Gulf Coast state of Tabasco and opened fire , killing 12 people , including 6 children , the authorities said Sunday .
The policeman , Carlos Reyes López , who died in the attack , was a member of an elite state squad formed last year in Tabasco to address growing violence , much of which is believed to be related to drug - trafficking cartels , according to local news media .
Among the dead were the officer ’s wife , his mother and several of her grandchildren , according to a statement from Rafael Miguel González Lastra , the Tabasco state attorney general .
The youngest was a 2 - year - old boy .
A frozen - strawberry vendor , who had driven up to the modest family compound in the hamlet of Monte Largo , was also killed in the attack .
Another salesman , who survived the shooting , told the local newspaper Tabasco
Hoy that he heard the gunmen move through three small houses where the extended Reyes family lived , shooting high - caliber weapons .
IN THE EARLY Middle Ages , if an educated Westerner set out to make a standard map of the world , here is what he would do : draw a circle , then a horizontal band across that circle , then a vertical band dividing the bottom half of the circle in two .
The result resembled a hood ornament with a " T " in the middle .
The semicircle at the top was Asia ; the identical quarter - circles below were Europe and Africa .
Today , it 's easy to feel superior to a society that thought Europe and Africa looked like matching slices of pizza , but we should n't .
That medieval map said very little about how the world was shaped , but it had a lot of information :
For starters , it told you that God 's creation was symmetrical , and thus perfect , and that its apex was Jerusalem .
In a deeply religious society in which most people never made it more than a few miles from home , this was understood to be far more important than knowing the exact contours of the Mediterranean .
Thanks to satellites , surveying , and ever - increasing computing power , mapping has become geographically accurate beyond the dreams of a medieval mind .
But many of those same technological advances have also brought us full circle :
Maps have increasingly become vehicles not just for telling us how the world looks , but for organizing and representing all sorts of information .
The past year saw an explosion of such maps , portraying everything from earthquake devastation to voting patterns to international reading habits - often made on the fly , by citizens , in response to events .
Like their medieval predecessors , the most interesting maps are often useless for getting from point A to point B .
But if you want to understand what happened in 2008 , they are an excellent way to navigate the year .
Each of the year 's big news events generated its own clutch of maps , exposing patterns and relationships that could change how we saw an important story .
Among the many maps published this year of Iraq or Afghanistan was an online animation showing the pattern of insurgent attacks in each country over the past five years .
As it plays , the attacks sprout , pox - like , faster and faster .
But important differences emerge :
In Iraq they reach a climax just before the 2007 surge , while in Afghanistan , they go on proliferating .
And while in Iraq the attacks cluster thickly , in Afghanistan they are more dispersed , suggesting the far broader and more diffuse challenge of bringing them under control .
The November terrorist attacks in Mumbai were not just shocking but bewildering to follow , and maps became a way for people to track the event as it unfolded .
Within hours of the first shootings , Google Maps renderings of the claw - like Mumbai peninsula were up online with tags showing the details , confirmed and unconfirmed , that were coming in .
Updated as the standoff dragged on , the maps helped give structure to the chaos for people following from abroad .
Even people who had never been to Mumbai got a sense of the chillingly impressive level of the attackers ' coordination .
In the days afterward it emerged that the terrorists themselves had relied on Google Earth satellite imagery in their preparations .
Not all maps traced distant catastrophe , though .
Others offered themselves in a more pragmatic spirit .
One created by Mayor Thomas Menino 's office shows what it calls " Solar Boston , " a map not so much of the city but of its rooftops .
Turn on the appropriate feature and the city 's roofs glow an unsettling mosaic of yellow , orange , and red .
The colors are meant to show which buildings , because of their size and orientation and height , would be best suited for solar panels .
Of course , the map is as much an advertising pitch as a tool - nearly every rooftop , it suggests , has some solar potential , and could save its owners thousands in energy bills ( The Boston Globe 's offices , for example , look especially ripe ) .
Another project , from researchers at Harvard 's Center for Geographic Analysis , mapped the density of health clubs in and around metro Boston for an obesity study .
It shows a smoldering center of high gym density in the city and its immediate surroundings , but head in any direction and the map quickly grows pale as you enter the gym - starved hinterlands .
Charts have a long history at sea , where landmarks are few and mostly submerged , but a researcher at the New England Aquarium created a different sort of sea chart this year - a diagram of ships vs. whales .
For a decade , environmentalists have fought to lower the speed limits for ships traveling in coastal waters inhabited by the endangered right whale , since ship strikes are the whales ' leading cause of death .
As part of the effort , geographer Kerry Lagueux has been making maps that superimpose shipping lanes and right whale habitats .
What 's striking about Lagueux 's maps is how crowded they make the ocean look .
The major sea lanes look like highways , and the splayed blue lines of the less - traveled routes tangle messily between them .
The white bubbles that show where whales have been spotted look like snowballs caught in a demolition derby .
( Earlier this month the federal government did lower the ship speed limit in right whale habitats . )
Some of the most mesmerizing maps of the year , though , were of as - yet - uninhabitable places .
NASA 's unmanned Cassini spacecraft continued sending back imagery of Saturn and its moons - among them Titan , with its enormous lakes of methane and ethane - for extraterrestrially minded mapmakers to work with .
Another map that made the rounds of mapping blogs last spring showed a diagram of all the ground Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin covered during their 1969 walk on the moon 's surface , with their paths traced over a soccer field for scale .
As it turns out , the great American moon walk was n't much of a walk - in two and a half hours on the surface , the astronauts did n't even make it to midfield , except for one foray that got Armstrong nearly to the opposing penalty spot .
This was a triumph .
Required items :-
Tube of cookie dough - Chocolate frosting - Chocolate sprinkles - Red Hots -
White frosting gel -
Can of white frosting with nozzle - Candles - Muffin tin
Set oven to 350F .
Grease muffin tin .
Slice cookie dough into twelve pieces .
Place into muffin tin .
Cook for fifteen to seventeen minutes or until cookies are golden brown .
Do not be alarmed at resulting cookie shape .
This is normal .
Allow cookies to cool .
Flip over muffin tin onto tin foil .
If cookies do not fall out , use a spoon to [ gently ] get them out .
Two cookies , shown at above right , failed and were disposed .
Frost cookies .
Cover with chocolate sprinkles .
Add white gel to top of cookie .
Press a Red Hot into each section of white gel .
Utilize can of white frosting with nozzle to create frosting placement for candle .
Press one candle into center of cookie .
Light candle .
I 'm making a note here :
HUGE SUCCESS
Noriko Calderon faces being left alone in Japan or deported with her parents
The Japanese government has ordered the parents of a young Filipina to leave the country within two weeks .
Arlan Cruz Calderon said his 13 - year - old daughter , Noriko , was too young to be left to fend for herself .
Noriko was born and raised in Japan and speaks only Japanese but now faces being left behind or being deported .
Her parents entered Japan in the early 1990s with illegal passports and stayed undetected until two years ago when her mother was arrested and later released .
Human rights activists have urged the government to let the family stay together .
News reports suggested that Japan , which imposes tight controls on immigration , was likely to allow her to stay to complete her studies .
Family divided ?
The daughter has made a public appeal to authorities not to split her family apart .
But Justice Minister Eisuke Mori , who oversees immigration , told reporters : " I have decided not to grant a special residential permit to the entire family . "
A leading human rights lawyer handling the case said the immigration bureau had told the parents they had until 27 February to choose a departure date .
The immigration authorities warned that Noriko 's 36 - year - old father could be detained if he refused to leave .
" We accept neither the deportation of the whole family nor sending back only the parents , " said lawyer Shogo Watanabe .
He said he would continue negotiating for the parents to be allowed to stay at least until the daughter was older .
Noriko 's father said : " She is 13 years old .
She can not survive or protect herself alone . "
Mr Watanabe said about 500 families were in the same situation as the Calderons .
We are always in the search of great free resources , tips and tricks , etc for our readers .
Every day , we works hard to find new resources and features them here for you .
Today , we have another great post Discover The Best Of The Web on SmashingApps .
In this , we will find and make a list of 31 Incredible Resources And Inspirations For Designers Like You To Discover The Best Of The Web In November .
Maybe , we could not cover all of the best from around the web but we will try our best to cover as much as possible .
You are welcome to share if you know more best of the web in the month of November which our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
You may be interested in these older posts
27 Eye-Opening and Inspiring Websites Of Top Brands
35 Mindblowing Inspirations And Resources For Designers And Developers To Discover The Best Of The Web In October
27 Best Places You Should Visit To Get Incredible Web Design Inspiration !
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
31 Useful Resources Specially For Designers To Discover The Best Of The Web In September 2008
21 Extremely Vibrant And Creative Advertisements With Animals
39 Masterpieces Of Creative Advertisements
17 Digital Image Illustration Which You Probably Never Seen Before !
15 Digital Photo Manipulation From Flickr To Get Inspiration
Design Tips , Tricks and Tutorial
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
50 Great Photoshop Tutorials for Clever Beginners
Photoshop Tutorials To Improve Your Modeling and Design Skills
30 Ultra High- end Photoshop Tutorials
40 Tutorials for Creating Wallpaper in Photoshop
Pushing Photoshop to the Limit : 13 Most Advanced tutorials
Artwork , Digital Photography and Inspiration
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
25 Astonishing Typographic Posters
50 Beautiful And Creative Portfolio Designs
36 Beautiful Drawing Artworks – Winter Inspiration
20 + Photoshop Painted Inspiration and Brush Resources
50 Gorgeous Navigation Menus – Part 2
30 Beautiful Examples of Grunge in Web Design
28 Beautiful and Creative Portfolio
54 Mind - blowing Digital Paintings
Javascript and Ajax
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
Most Wanted Ajax Techniques : 50 + Examples and Tutorials
xHTML and CSS
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
Are You Making These 10 CSS Mistakes ?
11 Useful Sources To Learn and Improve HTML Skills
CSS Tip # 1 : Resetting Your Styles with CSS Reset
How to Convert a PSD to XHTML
Resources
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
50 Incredible Fonts for Professional Web & Print Design
25 + Beautiful Christmas Icon Sets
50 Beautiful Free WordPress Themes
The 15 Best iPhone Iconsets of 2008
15 Must - Have Bookmarklets For Web Designers And Developers
15 Helpful In - Browser Web Development Tools
6 Essential Firefox Add-ons for Designers
Screen Capture Tools : 40 + Free Tools and Techniques
40 Beautiful Free Icon Sets
Miscellaneous Articles
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
35 + Social Media Tools That Make Life Easier
How I Learned To Build WordPress Themes
Thanksgiving Special : 26 Websites Web Designers are Thankful For
127 RSS Feeds That All Designers Should Subscribe To
Workers walk past the offices of Merrill Lynch in London January 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Toby Melville
( Reuters ) - Bank of America Corp BAC.N and Merrill Lynch agreed on a plan to pay up to $ 5.8 billion in bonuses to employees of the combined firm as BofA moved to take over the ailing investment bank , the Wall Street Journal said .
As the U.S. government prepares to unveil what could be a nearly $ 1 trillion economic stimulus package using taxpayers ’ money , speculation has swirled over what Bank of America knew about $ 4 billion in bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch employees before the takeover formally closed .
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo is reportedly looking into whether federal bailout loans to BofA were used appropriately , and if shareholders of both companies were given all the necessary information about Merrill ’s finances .
There have been rumblings BofA did not know Merrill had decided to pay bonuses in December , instead of in January , but some Merrill employees received part of their compensation in BofA stock on January 2 , the Journal said , citing a private bonus agreement it said was struck when BofA agreed to buy Merrill last September .
The bonus agreement shows the two sides had agreed that the discretionary bonus pool at the combined company should not exceed $ 5.8 billion , and that 60 percent of it should be awarded in cash and 40 percent either in equity or long - term cash awards , the newspaper said .
The move to pay the bonuses in December fueled suspicion among some BofA staffers , who saw their bonuses drop much more sharply than many Merrill employees did even though BofA had bought the company , the paper said .
In a recent email to some top Merrill managers , former Merrill CEO John Thain said BofA knew about every aspect of the December payouts , the Journal said .
Thain was ousted from Bank of America on January 22 after the bank discovered surprise losses at the brokerage , three weeks after the $ 19.4 billion merger closed .
A BofA spokesman has said Merrill ’s compensation committee made the decision on the amount and timing of year - end compensation at Merrill , adding that BofA had no legal right to challenge it , the Journal said .
BofA could not be reached by Reuters to comment on the newspaper report .
The question in the graphic for a poll published by Le Figaro asks : “ over the last month which of the following personalities was the best opponent to Nicolas Sarkozy ? ” .
The New Anti-Capitalist Party 's Olivier Besancenot came out on top for the fifth month in a row .
From Liam Macuaid 's blog .
By Sam Wainwright
Paris , February 14 , 2009 --
On the weekend of February 7 - 8 , more than 600 delegates and as many observers attended the founding conference of France ’s New Anti-capitalist Party ( NPA ) , held at la Plaine - Saint - Denis in the working class suburbs to the north of Paris .
Less than a week before , on January 29 , around 2.5 million people took to the streets across the country in a nationwide strike against the efforts of the President Nicolas Sarkozy 's government to foist the burden of the capitalist economic crisis onto working people .
The idea for the NPA was publicly proposed in August 2007 in the wake of the country ’s presidential and legislative elections by Olivier Besancenot , the presidential candidate of the Revolutionary Communist League ( LCR ) .
Since then 465 regional committees in support of the project were launched and more than 9000 people have joined .
Besancenot ’s vote of 4.7 % surpassed that of the once mighty French Communist Party ’s ( PCF ) candidate .
The elections established the LCR as the most recognised and authentic anti-capitalist voice in French politics .
Widely rated as France ’s most popular politician , Besancenot , or “ the postie ” as the media calls him in reference to his job , recorded a 54 % satisfaction rating in the latest opinion polls , his highest since the election .
Besancenot ’s strong showing in the last two presidential elections was the immediate catalyst for the formation of the NPA ; however its origins lie in important transformations in French politics over the last decade .
Following a massive public sector strike in late 1995 , regular waves of workers ’ struggles have surfaced against cut - backs , casualisation and privatisation .
While these struggles have been defensive and only partially successful , they have been sufficient to keep alive the traditions of struggle and left - wing ideas .
Despite the massive rejection of the neoliberal agenda by the working class , the traditional or “ institutional ” parties of the left — especially the Socialist Party ( PS ) — have faithfully tried to implement the neoliberal austerity program .
Furthermore the PS has effectively drawn both the PCF and the Greens into its web , offering them cabinet posts and electoral deals in return for their support .
Their integration into PS governments has eroded the PCF ’s once significant base among blue collar workers .
In the case of the Greens , their image as a fresh and radical party has been badly tarnished .
In fact , without the PS electoral deals , both parties would struggle to win any national deputies
In this context , the LCR tripled in size from 1995 , growing to over 3000 members .
It also started to develop a significant base in some of the country ’s industrial heartlands that had once been the sole domain of the PCF .
However , the LCR recognised that there existed a much wider audience for a resolutely anti-capitalist , anti-imperialist , pro-worker and pro-environment political force .
This audience includes people from different political traditions , and even more people without any previous political identification .
The NPA is an attempt to reach out to those people .
To guarantee the success of the NPA , the LCR decided it had to completely dissolve into it .
This decision was designed to demonstrate to the rest of the NPA that it would be one united party of equals , and to allow for new and fluid debate to take place in the new organisation .
As Pierre Rousset , a long time leader of the LCR , explained , “ One of the worst things the LCR could bring into the NPA would be its old debates ” .
On February 5 the LCR , born of a fusion between a current of French Trotskyism and some of the leaders of the student protest movement of May - June 1968 , held its last ever congress .
Alain Krivine , a central leader of the youth revolts of May - June 68 and founder of the LCR who did time in prison when the organisation was banned in the early 70s , was joined by other members of his generation at the front for an emotional rendition of the Internationale at the congress close .
But the tears did not last long .
The next day , as the NPA congress began , delegates spontaneously rose to their feet to chant “ All together , all together ... General strike ! ” before getting down to the practical business of adopting the raft of founding principles , policy and structures needed for the new party .
Exciting much interest , especially among the corporate media , was the NPA ’s policy regarding possible electoral alliances in the upcoming elections to the European parliament .
Neither the NPA , the PCF nor the newly formed Left Party ( PG ) are likely to achieve the 10 % threshold required .
Both the PCF and PG were frantic that the NPA agree to deal .
Congress delegates were presented with two counterposed positions regarding the European elections .
The position presented by the commission established for drafting policy declared that the NPA should be open to running on a joint ticket with these parties ( and others ) .
But they argued an agreement must first be reached on some basic common policy — including a commitment to not take posts in pro-capitalist administrations .
However , the PCF appears addicted to the trappings of office and it ’s unlikely that it will agree to refuse posts offered to it by the PS .
An amendment from members in the Clermont - Ferrand region proposed that the NPA accept in principle a joint ticket with the PCF and PG , with the precise basis of the agreement to be worked out later .
This amendment was overwhelmingly rejected , only winning the support of 16 % of the delegates .
For commentators in the capitalist media this was proof of the NPA ’s “ immature ” refusal to accept the “ responsibility to govern ” .
Is this a sign that the media may turn against France ’s favourite postman and try to transform him from charming idealist into dangerous villain ?
Already there has been an abortive attempt to tar him with a bogus allegation of workplace harassment .
Last year , listening devices were discovered in Besancenot ’s home .
The boss of a company that imports taser guns is currently being tried over the affair .
To counter this the NPA is moving rapidly to broaden its image and promote its other spokespeople .
The NPA ’s revolutionary politics is likely to gain greater currency among French workers as the economic crisis deepens , hardening opinion against the conservative Sarkozy government .
France ’s Left Party : “ Revolution via the ballot box ”
By Sam Wainwright
Paris , February 14 , 2009 --
The move to the right by the Socialist Party ( PS ) , which drew the French Communist Party ( PCF ) and the Greens along in its wake , has been so clearly against the wishes of the support base of these parties that a significant vacuum in French politics has opened up to the left .
Even sections of the capitalist media refer to the PS as a “ social - liberal ” rather than “ social - democratic ” party , and dismiss the PCF and the Greens as its “ satellites ” .
The New Anti-capitalist Party ( NPA ) and the Left Party ( PG ) represent two different responses to this opening .
The PG was launched last year by former PS senator Jean - Luc Melenchon and a handful of other deputies who left the PS with him .
The party held its congress from January 30 to February 1 .
It claims around 4000 members .
While the PG ’s program is not especially developed , it aspires to redistribute wealth via a “ Scandinavian ” welfare state model and draws on identification with the tradition of Jean Jaures , a pre-World War I socialist leader .
The party ’s attempt to position itself in relation to the NPA is explained in an opinion piece titled “ Revolution yes , but via the ballot box ” , in the February 7 Le Monde by François Delapierre , a sociologist and delegate to the PG congress .
Delapierre said , “ The policy question facing the NPA is revolution .
It has to be asked of them then , what exactly this revolution is and by what route the NPA proposes to get there . ”
He continued , “ For our part ... we reject all means other than that of democracy .
If a revolution is necessary , then it must be done through the ballot box .
“ This is the lesson of the century past .
And even the century now beginning , as shown by the democratic revolution sweeping Latin America .
That ’s how we ’re inspired by the strategy of Evo Morales , who asks the people to vote , vote and vote again ; not Che Guevara guerrilla fan clubs ! ”
Delapierre misrepresents the historical debate between revolutionary socialism and reformist socialism .
In dispute is not democracy , but rather the nature of the state and the preparedness of the capitalist class to use violence to stop any measures that would take economic and political power out of its hands .
To be sure , the Bolivian and Venezuelan revolutionary processes have respected the pre-existing constitutional forms .
However at numerous turns the mass mobilisation of the population has been essential to stop violent attempts by the capitalists to quash these revolutions .
The Latin American experience confirms the revolutionary view , not that of Delapierre .
He might also get a surprise if he found out how popular a figure
Che remains among the participants in these democratic revolutions !
For instance , Morales , who has hailed Che as a martyr , led events to commemorate the 40th anniversary of his death at the site of Che 's murder in Bolivia at the hands of a CIA agent .
Whether he is genuinely or wilfully ignorant of these facts is not evident from the article .
However it demonstrates the opportunity and desire to create a socialist project that is qualitatively different to the NPA .
However , given that the PG is first and foremost an electoral party , it ’s greatest concern is that the NPA agree to united electoral tickets in time for the European elections .
Mélenchon pleaded with the NPA to recognise the “ historical responsibility ” to sign up to a three - way ticket with the PCF .
[ Sam Wainwright is a co-convenor of the Socialist Alliance in Western Australia and attended the LCR and NPA congresses as an invited observer .
Wainwright is also a member of the Democratic Socialist Perspective , a Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance .
These articles first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 783 , February 18 , 2009 . ]
After an absence of 20 years , Alpina returns in the world of motorsport and will compete in the FIA GT3 European Championship , where it will face adversaries as Ferrari , Lamborghini , Porsche and more .
Alpina model , B6 GT3 is based on a BMW 6 Series and has a V8 engine of 4.4 liters surcharge – which develops 530 horsepower and 725 Nm – and a sequential transmission with six gears .
B6 GT3 weighs approximately 1350 kg and is equipped with 18 inch wheels and Michelin tires .
In terms of performance , the model accelerates from 0 to 100 km / h in just 3.9 seconds and maximum speed is 285 km / h ( reached at Nurburgring ) .
As new B7 , Alpina B6 GT3 will start in March at the Motor Show in Geneva .
Alpina B6 GT3 review
Alpina B6 GT3
Alpina B6 GT3
Alpina B6 GT3
Today , my boyfriend and I made love for the first time .
Before we left his house so he could walk me home , I fixed my hair by the hall mirror and joked about having serious sex hair .
My boyfriend quickly reminded me that his incredibly religious mother was in the next room .
FML
Los motivos de las quejas reiteradas son entre otros :
1 . Los cambios como pasar de una compañía a otra , los técnicos , de contrase ñas o de identificaciones se hacen de modo totalmente ajeno y extraño para los supuestos clientes , que lo advertimos cuando la función da error , otro error .
Es una lástima , pues www.eresmas.net y www.eresmas.com funcionaban muy bien antes de que cayeran en manos de www.wanadoo.es.
2. El ADSL en www.wanadoo.es no es un servicio con todo incluido como era en www.eresmas.net ( además ser de por sí el ADSL más caro y lento de Europa ) , pues en reiteradísimas ocasiones hay dificultades para conectar , cuando se logra somos víctimas de reiteradas desconexiones aparentemente por inactividad , aunque también se ha dicho que es temperatura del modem o las necesarias actualizaciones .
Todas las quejas son remitidas a un número telefónico de tarificación adicional sin la más mínima posibilidad de indentificar al sujeto que se ríe del que llama ni obtener siquiera un de incidencia .
Parece que sólo se trata de eso : quieren más dinero .
3. Ahora tampoco funciona el espacio para páginas personales ni hoy , ni ayer .
Soy el primero en lamentar la incompetencia y e incapacidad para prestar este servicio de www.wanadoo.es.
Beamish sniffed out a melanoma on his owner 's chest
A man from north Oxfordshire has credited his pet Rottweiler with sniffing out his skin cancer .
Chris Tuffrey , from Banbury , had a mole on his chest for 15 years but " put his head in the sand " and ignored it .
But he said thanks to his dog Beamish " nuzzling and licking " him and trying to lift his arm near the mole , he went to a doctor to get it checked out .
Within a two weeks , melanoma was confirmed by the hospital and the cancerous mole was removed .
Mr Tuffrey said when Beamish began nuzzling him he thought , " what 's wrong with me " .
When he visited his doctor in Deddington and was immediately referred to Oxford 's Churchill Hospital .
Within a fortnight , melanoma was confirmed and the cancerous mole was removed .
I shall be grateful to him for the rest of my life
Chris Tuffrey
Mr Tuffrey 's case is not unique .
Scientists have found in trials , dogs have detected cancers in the urine of patients despite medical tests giving negative results .
Mr Tuffrey considers Beamish a very special friend .
'' He 's absolutely brilliant , " he said .
" He 's a very laid back dog , and I shall be grateful to him for the rest of my life . ''
TASER stun guns are going wireless , doubling their range .
The Taser XREP is an electrically charged dart that can be fired from up to 20 metres away with a 12 - gauge shotgun .
Upon impact , its barbed electrodes penetrate a victim ’s skin , discharging a 20 - second burst of electricity to “ distract , disorient and entice the subject to grab the projectile ” , says Taser .
But grabbing the dart routes the shock through the hand , making it difficult to let go and spreading the pain further .
While the XREP delivers a lower voltage for a longer time , a spokeswoman for Taser says its effect is similar …
Introducing our new SedoMLS Brokerage Service already being implemented by some of the world 's largest registrars .
Oliphant Israel - Gaza cartoon called ' hideously anti-Semitic ' Jeremy Gantz
Published : Wednesday March 25 , 2009
Print This Email This
The latest cartoon by the most widely syndicated political cartoonist in the world has raised the ire of the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) , which is dedicated to fighting anti-Semitism .
The ADL 's director called the syndicated cartoon , published Wednesday and reprinted below , " hideously anti-Semitic . "
" Pat Oliphant 's outlandish and offensive use of the Star of David in combination with Nazi - like imagery is hideously anti-Semitic , " Abraham Foxman said in a statement released Wednesday .
" It employs Nazi imagery by portraying Israel as a jack - booted , goose - stepping headless apparition .
The implication is of an Israeli policy without a head or a heart . "
As of late Wednesday , Oliphant had not responded publicly to the ADL 's criticism of the cartoon .
Israel in late December launched a three - week offensive in Gaza which left over 1,300 Palestinians dead and countless homes destroyed .
The offensive was a retaliation for Palestine rocket attacks on Israeli territory .
Rocket attacks from Gaza and Israeli military responses have occurred sporadically since the end of the offensive .
On Monday , a United Nations expert called called for a probe to assess if the Israeli forces could differentiate between civilian and military targets in Gaza .
A U.S. State Department spokesman called that official 's views " biased . "
The cartoon by the Pulitzer - Prize winning Australian native was published by the Washington Post , Slate , and Yahoo !
News , among other publications and websites .
Oliphant , who has published 20 books collecting his drawings , is no stranger to controversy , having once said that political correctness " drives me crazy . "
His cartoons upset the Asian American Journalists Association in 2001 and American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee in 2005 .
But while Oliphant 's work has made him enemies , it has also won him accolades :
He has won the National Cartoonist Society Editorial Cartoon Award , along with a Pulitzer .
Oliphant 's cartoon comes barely one month after a New York Post cartoon depicting a dead chimp triggered protests .
Protesters believed the chimp represented President Barack Obama and demanded the newspaper be shut down .
Post Publisher Rupert Murdoch later apologized for the cartoon .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Lori Siegel did not even wait for her hair to grow back .
Still feeling the effects of radiation treatments , she sent her résumé to potential employers , bought a new suit and a wig that does not look like a wig , and started going on job interviews .
But so far there have been no offers , and she is convinced that the nine - month gap in her work history gives her away .
“ It ’s like I ’m hiding something awful because I got sick , ” said Ms. Siegel , 51 , who lives on Long Island and is recovering from breast cancer .
“ I do n’t want to bring it up , but I do n’t want to lie . ”
For Ms. Siegel and many other cancer survivors , money is tight and going back to work a financial necessity .
But one of the first big analyses to examine employment rates among American and European cancer survivors has found that they are at significantly higher risk for joblessness than healthy counterparts .
The report , appearing Wednesday in The Journal of the American Medical Association , is an analysis of previously published studies .
After accounting for variations in data among those studies , it concluded that cancer survivors in the United States and Europe were 37 percent more likely to be unemployed than healthy peers .
In the United States , where it is particularly critical for survivors to hold on to jobs , because they provide health insurance , cancer patients may be at even greater risk of unemployment than patients in Europe , the study suggested .
Stanford has invested heavily in West Indies cricket The England and Wales Cricket Board has terminated all contractual links with Texan billionaire Sir Allen Stanford .
Stanford has been accused of a $ 8 bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) investment fraud in the US .
England will not take part in any future $ 20 m Stanford Super Series matches or the Stanford - sponsored Quadrangular Twenty20 games in England .
The ECB said the termination of contracts would have no impact on projected payments owed to the 18 counties or grassroots cricket .
" The ECB was shocked by the charges filed against the Stanford organisation and personnel earlier this week by the SEC ( USA 's Securities and Exchange Commission ) , " said ECB chief executive David Collier .
" Within minutes of the announcement , the ECB determined to suspend any further discussions with Stanford and the board has now agreed to terminate the ECB 's agreements with Stanford .
" Given the uncertainty of the financial markets and the sponsorship dispute between Digicel and the West Indies Cricket Board over the matches in Antigua in 2008 , when setting the 2009 budgets the board took a prudent position in creating a contingency in case the Antigua matches did not proceed .
" For that reason , ECB was able to confirm immediately to counties and Recreational Assembly ( the non-professional game ) that there would be no impact on fee payments in 2009 . "
The economic climate is very difficult at present and therefore a solid income base through the fee payments is critical to all counties
Essex chief executive David East Essex chief executive David East said : " The communication from the ECB that the termination of the Stanford agreements would not negatively impact our fee payments was a great relief to all counties .
" This allows counties to move forward with their 2009 budgets given that , for some of us , the ECB fee payment accounts for the majority of their income .
" The economic climate is very difficult at present , in particular in the area of sponsorship and corporate hospitality , and therefore a solid income base through the fee payments is critical to all counties . "
Antiguan lawyer John Fuller has questioned the rigour of the checks the ECB carried out on the American .
FBI agents in the American state of Virginia served Stanford with civil legal papers from the US financial watchdog , the SEC on Thursday .
And Fuller , a former associate of Stanford , said the businessman 's links to South and Central America should have set alarm bells ringing .
" You would n't have to dig far to raise concerns , " Fuller , who worked closely with Stanford during his time as owner of airline Caribbean Star and has known the billionaire for 10 years , told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" There 's been a bit of naivety .
" His bank was offering interest rates which were much higher than anyone else .
He did not have any apparent income , at least here in Antigua , other than a small amount of money from two restaurants he has and a health spa .
MIHIR BOSE BLOG
By allowing Stanford to hire the England cricket team for a frolic on his ground ...
English cricket now finds it has turned into a murky and muddy cul - de-sac
" He was spending a lot of money on land , private jets and cricket .
But the income was not visible . "
In June the ECB struck a deal with Stanford to play five $ 20 m matches , with plans in place for new Twenty20 tournaments in England as well .
The ECB and its chairman Giles Clarke have received support from at least 11 of the 18 counties and earlier on Thursday Glamorgan chairman Paul Russell defended the checks carried out by domestic cricket 's governing body .
His Somerset counterpart Andy Nash also stood by the ECB and its attempts to verify the source of Stanford 's apparent wealth .
But Leicestershire chairman Neil Davidson told BBC Radio 5
Live that the ECB should never have entered into contract with Stanford .
" This was the only credible decision the ECB could take , " he said .
" I did n't like the way the whole thing was presented and knew what damage it could do to cricket .
" Cricket is pretty much unique in that by and large cricket boards around the world contract with other cricket boards - they know who they 're dealing with and they 're reliable .
" In this case we contracted with an individual we knew nothing about . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barney Frank is one of the only Democratic politicians that can talk about President Obama 's stimulus package or the Wall street bail out to the American people and make any kind of sense using economic jargon .
He did a good job with Olbermann trying to explain that in '06 the Republicans blocked his attempts at making shareholders vote on golden parachute for CEO's .
" That was treated by my Republican colleagues as if it was the Russian revolution arriving on our shores .
They would n't even let the bill come up for a vote . "
We all know that the Republican base is made up of CEO's .
Just ask Bush 's ex-treasury man Paul O'Neil .
In '07 , the WSJ crowd had to protect the Holy CEO too which emboldened them to only make things worse and then in ' 08 , Paulson would n't put any restrictions on how the first 350B dollars would be used by the financial sector .
With the Bush administration it was impossible to do do things the right way .
Frank predicts that the Obama administration will do a much better job at making sure that the TARP money is used in a much more responsible manner .
8 top CEO 's are coming in next week to answer some questions .
" Why do we have to give you a bonus to do get you to do a job .
Would they stop working Wednesday if they did n't get a bonus ?
The whole notion that you have to bribe highly paid , powerful people just to do their job is nuts .
I 'm told by their defenders of this that you want to give them incentives .
I do n't know Keith , what 's your incentive to do your job ... "
And the fact that they have no regard for how they publicly conduct themselevs is awful .
They taunt the American people with their actions almost everyday .
[ social_buttons ]
Fifteen - year - old Bostonian Jordan Star has emerged as the surprise driving force behind a bill to ban the cruel practice of ‘ surgically silencing ’ cats and dogs by removing their vocal cords .
Star , a freshman at Needham High , decided to take action after coming across a dog that had been debarked and abandoned .
“ It was just horrible , ” he said of the dog ’s struggle to get his attention .
“ It was just like a hoarse , wheezy cough .
In a shelter , all they are is a mutilated animal , which makes them harder to adopt . ”
Now his proposed law has won the backing of Democratic House Majority Whip Lida E. Harkins and Republican Sen. Scott P. Brown .
If successful , the bill would make devocalization illegal in Massachusetts unless a licensed state veterinarian or Boston police commissioner deemed that the operation was a medical necessity .
If enacted , it will be known as Logan ’s Law after a debarked Belgian sheepdog adopted by Gayle Fitzpatrick and her husband Tom .
According to Fitzpatrick , “ The reaction of people whenever he ( Logan ) was outside was , ‘ Does your dog have laryngitis ? ’
I tried to explain he had no voice box and people were pretty horrified by that .
We always said to him , ‘ We hear you , ’ because he tried so hard to bark . ”
Certified trainer Vera Wilkinson of The Cooperative Dog explained that the most humane way to deal with ‘ problem ’ barking dogs is to understand underlying behavioral issues saying , “ You have to get to the root of the problem .
If the dog is barking , the dog is barking for a reason .
There ’s a lack of understanding between people and dogs that leads to conflict , and unfortunately the dog often pays the price . ”
For young Jordan
Star the solution is even more clear - cut .
“ To take a voice away from an animal is morally wrong , ” he said .
Image Credit – tarentula_in via flickr on a Creative Commons license
Kaley Cuoco plays Penny on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
She has previously held the roles of Bridget Hennessy on the sitcom 8 Simple Rules , and Billie Jenkins on the supernatural soap opera Charmed .
Kaley was a nationally ranked amateur tennis player , a hobby she took up when she was three years old , however she switched to acting full time in 2002 .
The 23 year old actress was born in California and has had several other television roles in her career .
Since The Big Bang
Theory did not air this evening , I figured all of you geeks were lacking your Cuoco fix .
So in order to solve that problem , I put together a gallery of over 230 photos of the blond TV hottie .
I was pleasantly surprised at how many photos I was able to find online , so make sure you get a look at all of them .
Prison Planet.com
Friday , December 12 , 2008
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
From the Radio Liberty website :
On one of the highest hilltops in Elbert County , Georgia stands a huge granite monument .
Engraved in eight different languages on the four giant stones that support the common capstone are 10 Guides , or commandments .
That monument is alternately referred to as The Georgia Guidestones , or the American Stonehenge .
Though relatively unknown to most people , it is an important link to the Occult Hierarchy that dominates the world in which we live .
The origin of that strange monument is shrouded in mystery because no one knows the true identity of the man , or men , who commissioned its construction .
All that is known for certain is that in June 1979 , a well - dressed , articulate stranger visited the office of the Elberton Granite Finishing Company and announced that he wanted to build an edifice to transmit a message to mankind .
He identified himself as R. C. Christian , but it soon became apparent that was not his real name .
He said that he represented a group of men who wanted to offer direction to humanity , but to date , almost two decades later , no one knows who R. C. Christian really was , or the names of those he represented .
Several things are apparent .
The messages engraved on the Georgia Guidestones deal with four major fields : ( 1 ) Governance and the establishment of a world government , ( 2 ) Population and reproduction control , ( 3 ) The environment and man ’s relationship to nature , and ( 4 ) Spirituality .
In the public library in Elberton , I found a book written by the man who called himself R.C. Christian .
I discovered that the monument he commissioned had been erected in recognition of Thomas Paine and the occult philosophy he espoused .
Indeed , the Georgia Guidestones are used for occult ceremonies and mystic celebrations to this very day .
Tragically , only one religious leader in the area had the courage to speak out against the American Stonehenge , and he has recently relocated his ministry .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
THE MESSAGE OF THE GEORGIA GUIDESTONES
1. Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature .
2. Guide reproduction wisely – improving fitness and diversity .
3 . Unite humanity with a living new language .
4. Rule passion – faith – tradition – and all things with tempered reason .
5 . Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts .
6 . Let all nations rule internally resolving external disputes in a world court .
7. Avoid petty laws and useless officials .
8. Balance personal rights with social duties .
9 . Prize truth – beauty – love – seeking harmony with the infinite .
10 . Be not a cancer on the earth – Leave room for nature – Leave room for nature .
Limiting the population of the earth to 500 million will require the extermination of nine - tenths of the world ’s people .
The American Stonehenge ’s reference to establishing a world court foreshadows the current move to create an International Criminal Court and a world government .
The Guidestones ’ emphasis on preserving nature anticipates the environmental movement of the 1990s , and the reference to “ seeking harmony with the infinite ” reflects the current effort to replace Judeo - Christian beliefs with a new spirituality .
The message of the American Stonehenge also foreshadowed the current drive for Sustainable Development .
Any time you hear the phrase “ Sustainable Development ” used , you should substitute the term “ socialism ” to be able to understand what is intended .
Later in this syllabus you will read the full text of the Earth Charter which was compiled under the direction of Mikhail Gorbachev and Maurice Strong .
In that document you will find an emphasis on the same basic issues : control of reproduction , world governance , the importance of nature and the environment , and a new spirituality .
The similarity between the ideas engraved on the Georgia Guidestones and those espoused in the Earth Charter reflect the common origins of both .
Yoko Ono , the widow of John Lennon , was recently quoted as referring to the American Stonehenge , saying :
“ I want people to know about the stones … We ’re headed toward a world where we might blow ourselves up and maybe the globe will not exist … it ’s a nice time to reaffirm ourselves , knowing all the beautiful things that are in this country and the Georgia Stones symbolize that . ” ( 1 )
What is the true significance of the American Stonehenge , and why is its covert message important ?
Because it confirms the fact that there was a covert group intent on
(1) Dramatically reducing the population of the world .
(2) Promoting environmentalism .
(3) Establishing a world government .
(4) Promoting a new spirituality .
Certainly the group that commissioned the Georgia Guidestones is one of many similar groups working together toward a New World Order , a new world economic system , and a new world spirituality .
Behind those groups , however , are dark spiritual forces .
Without understanding the nature of those dark forces it is impossible to understand the unfolding of world events .
The fact that most Americans have never heard of the Georgia Guidestones or their message to humanity reflects the degree of control that exists today over what the American people think .
We ignore that message at our peril .
This article was posted : Friday , December 12 , 2008 at 10:19 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Ron Paul delivers opening statement during HFSC hearing David Edwards and Joe Byrne
Published : Wednesday February 25 , 2009
Print This Email This
The congressman from Texas spoke all the way through to a premature commercial break on a live CNBC broadcast this morning .
The House Financial Services Committee , headed by Rep. Barney Frank , met today to hear the testimony of Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve .
Before they could get to that , however , there was a short but wide - reaching statement delivered by Ron Paul .
Paul , whose star rose with his failed presidential bid in 2008 , is known for his small - government policies and voting habits .
A study in the American Journal of Political Science found him to be the most conservative of all members of Congress from 1937 to 2002 .
He votes against almost all government spending proposals , earning him the nickname  Dr. No , and he firmly believes in the dismantling of the Federal Reserve system .
Documents from the hearing - entitled  Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy  - as well as Bernanke 's testimony can be found here .
The plan Ben Bernanke gave to the HFSC today had four different facets .
First , upcoming ' stress tests ' by the government for struggling banks will pave the way for a new ' capital assistance program ' .
Second , private capital will be leveraged with public funds to purchase legacy assets from financial institutions .
Third , the Federal Reserve will use capital provided by the treasury to expand the scope and strength of TALF , the government 's loan - extension program .
Fourth , measures will be set up to prevent unnecessary foreclosures .
Ron Paul essentially disagreed with all four facets of the Federal Reserve 's program for the struggling economy .
In his two - minute statement , he started by branding the financial system a failure , and then laid out the reasons why he did n't think Bernanke 's plan was going to save the economy .
 It is fundamental for us to understand ... if we think we can patch up a system that has failed , it 's not going to work ,  he told the Reserve 's chairman .
 We have a total misunderstanding of what credit is , versus capital .
Capital can't come from the thin - air creation by a Federal Reserve system , capital has to come from savings .
We work hard , produce , live within our means , and what is leftover is called capital .
This whole idea that we can ' re - capitalize ' markets by merely turning on the printing presses and increasing credit is a total fallacy ,  he said in his address .
 Give up on the dollar standard .
We have to be very much aware that the system will [ not be ] viable .
We have to have a system that encourages people to work , and to save . 
After two minutes , Ron Paul concluded his statement and ceded the floor to Representative Castle .
As Castle began to speak , the broadcast returned to the station .
Apparently , CNBC was n't aware that there would be more than one opening statement before Bernanke 's testimony , so the station cut to an unplanned commercial break .
 Alright , this is not going as planned .
We were told it would be a very limited number of opening statements and it seems to be getting out of control ,  the CNBC co-anchor explained .
This video is from CNBC , broadcast Feb. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Sometimes it ’s just amazing to see , which level of usability , legibility and visual appeal can be achieved using some basic design techniques .
In fact , some talented web - developers manage to deliver powerful , functional and gorgeous web - design in “ look - and - feel ” - style , which is easy to use and nice to see .
The User experience has dramatically improved over the past few years , resulting in rich and responsive user interface .
AJAX , javascript and CSS are widely used to offer users the dynamic interaction that they have come to expect from advanced , sophisticated , professional solutions .
There have been plenty of posts on the number of awesome javascript , Ajax and CSS techniques and where to find them .
Today , we will have a look at 10 creative & rich UI in modern day websites and how you can create similar interfaces using the techniques mentioned in this post .
Beside the absolutely incredible design you will find :
A very clean and simple slider , complemented by great illustrations .
2.1 Simple slider with effect on hover state How To » Easy Slider 1.5 – The Easiest jQuery Plugin For Sliding Images and Content Easy Slider ( as I call this plugin ) enables images or any content to slide horizontally or vertically on click or auto slide .
Features include : continuous sliding , “ go to first ” and “ go to last ” button , hiding controls , optional wrapping markup for control buttons , vertical sliding and multiple sliders on one page .
Check out the demo
Jason Reed used a stylish accordion in his portfolio to allow users to navigate pages .
He also used a nice sliding tabs inside the accordion for a better structure in his interface .
3.1 Sliding Tabs
How To » Auto Sliding Tabs Sliding
Tabs is a mootools plugin which adds a pretty neat effect .
It ’s a clone of something seen on Panic Software ’s Coda site .
With an extra feature where the Sliding Tabs widget can change to the next or previous pane every few seconds Check out the demo 3.2 Accordion How To » Horizontal Accordion
This plugin provides some simple options to alter the accordion look and behavior .
How To » Creating Accordions with Mootools
I just love their amazing menu , it seemed to be a flash menu from the first look but after checking the code found it is just plain XHTML , CSS and Javascript .
Most CSS
Gallery gives their users the ability to change page layouts provides your users with a more immersive experience and allows them to consume information more easily , either with a quick gallery view , or a detailed summary view .
5.1 Switch Page Layouts How To » Easy Display Switch with CSS and jQuery A simple way to allow your users to switch page layouts by using CSS and jQuery .
Check out the demo
Profoto has a unique breadcrumb menu .
Clicking on a breadcrumb link opens an area below it that gives users additional attributes to select from .
6.1 Breadcrumb How To » jBreadCrumb jBreadCrumb is a jQuery plugin for displaying breadcrumb navigations in a more flexible & smarter way .
As the length of a breadcrumb menu may be very long & the common method used for this problem is limiting th eamount of menus used , jBreadCrumb follows another route .
Check out the demo
Shelfari has an interesting hybrid button / drop down menu to display actions on books .
If you check the code you will notice there were no input fields created for those check boxes , only a background images are used .
7.1 Custom Form Elements How To » Custom Form Elements
Ever wondered how you could style form elements like checkboxes , radiobuttons and select - fields in a way you like .
Custom Form Elements enhances web - based XHTML forms in terms of style , usability and accessibility by using Javascript and / or CSS .
Check out the demo
CSS Ninjas provide an interesting cost estimate slider that allows clients to know how much their service will cost by specifying the number of pages that need to be converted .
8.1 Slider How To » jQuery UI 1.7 Slider from a Select Element
The purpose of this plugin is to allow for the jQuery UI Slider plugin to be generated using progressive enhancement .
You can use the jQuery Slider plugin alongside other input elements in a form and submit or serialize the form as if the slider is not even there .
Check out the demo
Facebook ’s address auto - completion form when you compose a message is one of the best examples of auto - completion feature in a form .
DesignFlavr , known for their great sources of design inspiration , put together a simple fadeIn / fadeOut slide show to showcase their featured artwork and corresponding descriptions .
“ THE LEAST OF THESE ” – THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH AND THE REGISTERED CITIZEN
Derek W. Logue of OnceFallen.com
POSTED : 2 October 2019
INTRODUCTION : WHAT IS FORGIVABLE ?
( A disclaimer :
This article is NOT about the issue of sexual abuse in churches ; this article deals specifically about the
debate on allowing people previously convicted of sexual offenses to attend church or to accept leadership roles within
the church . )
“ When the Son of Man comes in His glory , and all the angels with Him , He will sit on His glorious throne .
All the nations
will be gathered before Him , and He will separate the people one from another , as a shepherd separates the sheep from
the goats .
He will place the sheep on His right and the goats on His left .
Then the King will say to those on His right ,
‘ Come , you who are blessed by My Father , inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world .
For I
was hungry and you gave
Me something to eat , I was thirsty and you gave
Me something to drink , I was a stranger and
you took Me in , I was naked and you clothed Me , I was sick and you looked after Me , I was in prison and you visited Me . ’
Then the righteous will answer Him , ‘ Lord , when did we see You hungry and feed You , or thirsty and give
You something
to drink ?
When did we see
You a stranger and take You in , or naked and clothe You ?
When did we see
You sick or in
prison and visit You ? ’
And the King will reply , ‘ Truly I tell you , whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of
Mine , you did for Me. ’ – Matthew 25 : 31-40
So watch yourselves .
“ If your brother or sister sins against you , rebuke them ; and if they repent , forgive them .
Even if
they sin against you seven times in a day and seven times come back to you saying ‘ I repent , ’ you must forgive them . ” –
Luke 17 : 3 - 4
The Bible , particularly the words of Jesus Christ , tells us to forgive those who do wrong .
However , this forgiveness is not
absolute ; the person asking forgiveness must “ repent ” ( i.e. , to vow to stop engaging in the bad behavior ) in order to
receive forgiveness .
Christ did not place create an exclusionary rule on forgiveness other than the requirement for
repentance , no matter how much we desire to have exclusions .
Christ sat with prostitutes , thieves , tax assessors , and
other assorted despised folk of the day .
Forgiveness is a major requirement to your own salvation , according to the
Good Book .
But admittedly , forgiveness is something humans rarely do naturally , especially in American society .
If we were to poll
Americans which group of people were the most reviled , people placed on sex offense registries would be at the top of
the list .
In 2009 , a series of billboards paid for by Jefferson Hills Christian Church in Imperial , MO ( near St. Louis ) asked
whether God or people should forgive a certain list of offenses , including “ sex offenders , suicide , cheating on your
boyfriend , and little white lies . ”
KDSK 5 St. Louis interviewed some travelers about the billboards asking their opinions
on who they felt could not be forgiven :
“ The ‘ forgivable ’ billboards stimulated conversation among drivers along I - 55 .
One driver , Keith Murphy , was asked if
sex offenders and people who commit suicide are forgivable .
" It all depends on the situation and what happened , how it
all went down , " he said .
Another commuter , Erica Downs , said three out of four of the sins in the new billboard campaign
are forgivable .
Which one is not ?
‘ The sex offenders , ’ she said .
So what does Downs think about the campaign ?
‘ I guess
it 's a good one , ’ she said .
‘ I guess that 's what the Bible says , that you 're supposed to forgive everyone , but I do n't think
human nature really goes along with that all the time . ’
Benke said it 's important people understand what 's contained in
Christian scripture .
‘ And then , quite frankly , the church gets that message wrong , as well , ’ he said .
‘ But the Bible
teaches there is no sin that is n't forgivable in Jesus . ’ ” [ 1 ]
The focus here is primarily on Christian Churches .
This concern is not unique to Christians , of course , but that is the
focus of this report .
( The only religion I have ever experienced firsthand is Christianity . )
CHURCHES STRUGGLE WITH FORGIVENESS
The debate over whether to allow people convicted of sex offenses to attend church is divisive within the Christian
community .
A 2010 survey of 2964 respondents published by Christianity Today found the following :
About 99 % felt someone should be notified when a registered person attends church , though the degree of
notification varied greatly .
While 90 % felt church staff should be made aware , and 78 % felt the elders of the
church should know ; only 18 % felt the entire congregation should know .
About 80 % of respondents felt those convicted of sex offenses should be allowed to attend church under
supervision and with appropriate limitations ; 5 % say the registrant should be embraced without qualifications ) ;
only 3 % felt those convicted of sexual offenses should be banned from church attendance .
For the majority of respondents ( 52 % ) , standards for participation are determined in part by the seriousness of
the offense committed .
The rest of the respondents are evenly split ( 24 % ) among those who say the same
standard for participation should be applied to anyone convicted of a sex offense and those who say all are
welcome at their church regardless of their sinful past .
Respondents feel the presence of a registered citizen in the church is more of a problem for their church than to
them personally ; 45 % rank this as a big problem ( responding with either a “ 4 ” or a “ 5 ” ) for their church , while 29 %
rank this as a big problem for them personally .
About 4 out of 10 respondents felt a person convicted of a sex offense can be fully rehabilitated ; around one in
four felt they can never be fully rehabilitated .
About 2 of 10 respondents were aware there was a registered person in their church , and 3 % were aware at least
one church leader had a prior sex offense record .
The most common reason a church member was aware of
another member ’s registry status was because the registrant told the pastor or a church leader ( 55 % ) .
About 36 % felt a known ex-offender should be allowed to hold a leadership position within the church , while nearly
40 % felt they should not .
About 12 % of respondents stated their churches were actively determining if any member was convicted of a
sexual offense ; 39 % responded that only those in leadership roles or working with vulnerable populations were
screened ; 24 % stated no .
Nearly half of respondents ( 46 % ) responded they have not encountered a known registrant in their churches ;
37 % stated their churches place conditions like a chaperone or attendance agreement ; 2 % responded registered
persons are completely banned from their churches .
The top three steps churches take when they learn an attender or member of their church is an offender are :
pray about it , talk to elders , and talk to staff . [ 2 ]
In the wake of Predator Panic , many churches are struggling with the issue of whether or not to implement their own
prohibitions .
One church in San Diego ( Pilgrim United Church of Christ ) illustrated this struggle when a Registered
Citizen asked to become a member in 2007 .
The ensuing discussion was so heated the church asked the registrant not
to attend until the church could resolve the issue .
The resulting news article offered a number of questions which
needed to be addressed : “ Should anyone be turned away from a house of worship ?
How do people of faith balance
redemption with risk ?
What about liability issues ? ” [ 3 ]
Churches are struggling with finding the delicate balance between offering forgiveness and reconciliation to everyone
and the need to protect members .
Mark Pliska , the registrant who approached the Pilgrim church honestly and divulged
the information outright , was met with derision , isolation , and even harassment from both members of the congregation
and the community .
In a separate church , Christ Our Redeemer Lutheran Church in Sandpoint , Idaho , the church
arranged for a registrant to be chaperoned and only attend certain services .
Even so , some members left the
congregation , while others who were critical at first asked for the registrant ’s forgiveness .
Two churches , two different
approaches , but in both cases , the offender was the one who brought it to attention .
In response to these cases , the
reporter mused , “ The irony is that barring sex offenders who come forward and identity themselves from attending
services may not guarantee a congregation 's safety , since it 's likely there are child molesters in the church anyway–they
just are n't talking about it ( or have n't yet been found out ) . ” [ 4 ]
Christian Churches are not alone , of course .
A discussion on faith and ethics from 2017 asked ministers of various
religions how they would handle “ sex offenders ” in their churches :
Fred Stella , Pracharak of the West MI Hundu temple understands that the term “ sex offender ” applies to a wide
range of behaviors , and that any decisions should be done on an individualized basis .
R. Scott Miller , Anabaptist / Quaker , replied , “ With open arms , open eyes and ears , and very firm boundaries that
are just as firmly stated to the offender as they are discussed by elders and others with weighty opinions . ”
Father Kevin Niehoff , O.P. , Dominican priest and Adjutant Judicial Vicar , Diocese of Grand Rapids , responded ,
“ Sex offenders are welcome in Catholic Churches !
That said , one needs to place the text of these words into
context .
A worshipping community needs to be responsible , which includes not only being aware of the presence
of a sex - offender but also the need to develop mentoring programs to help these individuals transform their lives .
This outreach must include his / her family , because when one member of a community is guilty of a crime the
whole community suffers .
Likewise , when that person is treated with dignity healing may begin not only with the
individual but also his / her family , and the larger community of faith . ” [ 5 ]
Fred Wooden of the Fountain Street Church ( a well - known a non-creedal , non-denominational , liberal church in
Grand Rapids MI ) responded , “ We would not announce it , for one .
The segregation of sex offenders as an
' especially heinous ' class is proving to be less certain .
The premise behind the registry is questionable - that they
are more likely to re-offend - has been shown to be flawed .
But the registry is real and the law is quite firm .
Having worked with some congregants on the sex offender registry I know the range of crimes is wide , down to
public urination in some places .
So long as they comply with the law , and know our policies and agree to them , we
have no problem .
Funny , how no one ever asks about embezzlers or con artists which really have exploited
churches . ”
Rabbi David J.B. Krishef ( who wrote the article ) added , “ I have written previously in this column that I believe that
as it is currently written , the law creating a sex offender registry is unethical .
Leviticus 19:16 say , ‘ You are not to
traffic in slander among your kinspeople . ’
Jewish ethics cautions us not to share even verifiably true information
which might damage someone 's reputation unless we have a compelling reason to do so .
The Sex Offender
Registry might be ethical if it only listed individuals who have been determined by a professional to constitute a
high risk to society .
Only a small percentage on the list ( pedophiles ) have a high recidivism rate .
The vast
majority , however , have a recidivism rate comparable to or less than that or other crimes .
The Sex Offender
Registry , as currently constituted , lumps all sex offenders together as if they all pose the same risk .
In this Internet
era , the reputation of a person on the registry , even one who has served his time , properly repented , and poses
no risk , will be forever smirched . ” [ 6 ]
NORTH CAROLINA’S FIGHT TO BAN REGISTRANTS FROM CHURCHES
Churches are not the sole decision - maker in the debate over allowing registrants in the church ; some states have
passed legislation restricting registrants from attending church services or volunteering for church activities while on
supervision , or against all registrants .
North Carolina had passed a “ proximity law ” in 2008 preventing Registered Persons convicted of “ violent ” sex offenses
or offenses from coming within 300 feet of any place children congregate . [ 7 ]
Since churches have nurseries and
children ’s church , churches can be off limits for registrants depending on the sheriff ’s interpretation of the law .
James Nichols and Frank DeMaio were indicted in May 2009 in Chatham County on charges of violating the law by
attending Moncure Baptist Church , which has a nursery and regular programs for children .
The two men challenged the
state law on vagueness and denied them the freedom to choose which church they could attend .
Prosecutors
maintained that the men could get private counseling from ministers or attend a church that does n't have a Sunday
school , nursery or youth programs .
Superior Court Judge Allen Baddour tossed out the indictments in December 2009 ,
adding , “ The state has not closely drawn the statute to avoid unnecessary abridgment of associational freedoms in
achieving its objectives …
Additionally , there are a host of protected religious activities abridged by this statute which do
not serve the compelling governmental interest . ” [ 8 ]
In 2015 , Graham Co. NC Sheriff Danny Milsaps made headlines for sending letters to ALL registrants in his county
banning them from church .
In the letter , Millsaps wrote , “ I can not let one sex offender go to church and not let all
registered sex offenders go to church .
That is why I am letting you know that if you want to go to a church service you
are welcome to come to the Graham Co Jail on Sunday ’s ( sic ) to attend church services . ” [ 9 ]
Sheriff Millsaps told
reporters a few weeks later that his letter was misunderstood .
“ I understand I ca n’t keep them from going to church …
That may have been misunderstood .
I ’ll be the first one to say I might have made mistakes in the wording of that letter . ”
He later told a reporter he had no plans to arrest a registrant attending church . [ 10 ]
For his efforts , Millsaps was voted
“ Keystone Kop of the Year ” ( worst cop in America ) by voters for the 2015 Shiitake Awards , the awards show hosted by
OnceFallen.com that spotlights registry abuses . [ 11 ]
The North Carolina Proximity Law , particularly as it has related to churches , has been largely invalidated through a
series of court rulings , most notably the Doe v Cooper decision from 2016 ( discussed below ) .
WHAT TO DO IF YOU ARE A REGISTERED PERSON
It should go without saying that as a registered citizen , you will face ridicule , ostracism , and harassment at times .
Some
of these may happen at a church .
During my personal journey as a registered person for over sixteen years , I can safely
say I have not personally had a bad experience with any churches I have visited in the years , including Catholic , non -
denominational , and Seventh - Day Adventist Churches in Alabama and Ohio .
Many of the housing leads on OnceFallen .
com are from Christian ministries .
However , as an advocate for registered persons , I have heard experiences from
individuals who were denied entry to churches .
Some were banned without ever stepping foot in the church , while others
were asked to leave ( or ex-communicated ) after attending .
One story found online about a registered citizen ’s struggles to find a church was written at Patheos in October 2016 .
The author of the article was the minister of a church in North Carolina , and had been approached by friend who was
the deacon at a different church .
The deacon asked what to do A man named Andy , described by the author as “ an
older man , in his late fifties , with a short beard and horn rimmed glasses .
He was well read , knew his Bible and listened
with rapt attention in the service . ”
Andy wanted to join the deacon ’s church ; Andy “ had attended their adult Sunday
School , and everyone liked him . ”
Andy decided to tell the church about his status before becoming a member .
“ ‘ That
was when it went south .
He told the preacher he was a sex offender , and he wanted to join the church , ’ the deacon
said . ”
The denomination ’s regional office informed the church they had to reject
Andy due to a “ safe - child ” policy .
Thankfully , the church pastored by the author of the article had already experienced –and welcomed — registered
persons so Andy was able to attend a church that would accept him . [ 12 ]
Another testimony was sent to me from a member of SOSEN.org :
“ My son , at age 16 , moved up to live with me near Spokane , Washington in late 1989 .
His mother had converted to the
LDS ( Mormon ) Church long after our divorce in 1977 .
She raised Chris in that religion .
So when he moved up to be with
me , I took him to the local LDS Church which was nearby , hoping to give him some sense of belonging .
Eventually I
joined too , although I was never much of a participant .
They were helpful to us when times were hard , through what they
call the " Bishop 's Storehouse , " and I was interested in family genealogy , which the LDS is famous for .
After marrying my
second wife in March 1994 , I rarely if ever attended church .
I did not know the local Church , Bishop , or any of the Stake
people .
They never came by .
In January 1997 I was arrested for possession of 20 CP images , and later ( thanks to my
wife ) was hit with a bogus charge of molestation .
During the pretrial months , my wife first put my step - daughter in a
foster care home where , at 8 years old , she tried to kill herself by hurling into a plate - glass window .
The next month , my
wife had placed our baby girl , then less than 2 - 1/ 2 , into another foster care home .
The ‘ foster mother ’ then threw my
daughter across the room , breaking her skull , and did n't report it until the next day , when she was found dead .
Within
two weeks , my child barely in the ground , a group of ‘ elders ’ from the LDS Church ( where I 'd never even been ) came by
and , not even consoling me , told me I was being ‘ excommunicated ’ based on my crime that ‘ went against the teachings
of the Church . ’
I was n't convicted yet !
I could n't help but thinking of Jesus ' words in John 8:7 , ‘ Let he who is without sin
cast the first stone ...’
Well Anyway , they told me I could be " re-fellowshipped ’ in the future , but they never said when .
In
2004 , out of prison and in a group home ( and in a wheelchair ) , I went to the Church ( in a different county from my
arrest ) , and was treated coldly .
I could tell that the Bishop wanted nothing to do with me .
Requests to access the
Bishop 's Storehouse ( food supplies ) went unanswered .
I never tried to talk to them again .
These days I call myself a
Christian , but I refuse to belong to any denomination .
My relationship with God is my own .
From what I 've seen , most
churches are hypocritical when it comes to truly helping the members and community .
They love to throw the first stone ,
and they are NOT without sin ! ” [ 13 ]
The good news is that based upon the survey , many churches are still receptive to ministering to those of us forced to
register our names on the sex offense registry .
Not everyone who says Lord , Lord will enter the kingdom of heaven
( Matthew 7:21 - 23 ) so let God deal with those churches that reject you .
Just kick the dust from your feet and find a
church that WILL welcome you .
As with anything else we will deal with while yoked with this registry burden , honesty is the best policy .
It is better to be
rejected for your honesty than accepted for a lie .
We all have the desire to be accepted and loved , but we are also living
in a “ liability culture . ”
What that means is every decision from businesses ( and churches are businesses ) are weighed
on a risk - assessment , just as many of you were judged based on perceived risk .
Unfortunately , many well - meaning
people have created guides for churches using various myths about registered persons and the nature of sexual abuse .
Church - goers are human , after all , and are just as prone to fear as those who do n’t go to Church at all and spend their
days watching Nancy Grace or Law and Order : SVU reruns for their information .
Thus , I advise you to check with the
church you plan to attend to see if they have any problems with registered persons attending services .
Because we live in a liability culture , you must also consider the fact you could be vulnerable to false accusations and
hatred because of your label .
Remember , it is not about what you might do but what others THINK you might do .
Our
society is deeply indoctrinated to hate us on the same level it hates a terrorist or communist , and churches are not
immune .
Thus , it is important to take appropriate steps to protect yourself in a reasonable ( non-reactionary ) manner .
Here are a few suggestions if you are looking to self - impose some safety measures :
Have your own chaperone :
If you have a significant other or trusted friend you attend church with , have that
person stick with you at all times .
( If you have a friend of the same gender , it would be more helpful to take
bathroom breaks together . )
It is hard to falsely accuse someone who has a witness .
Even if you have kids of your own , avoid children ’s areas and functions .
Never volunteer to do any activity
involving the children , even if your offense did not involve a minor ( after all , people assume “ sex offender =
pedophile ” )
If you take up a leadership role within the church , minister only to adults , and even then , it is important to not work
alone with vulnerable populations .
It is important to always have a trusted witness .
WHAT TO DO IF YOU ARE THE LOVED ONE OF A REGISTERED PERSON
If you are the loved one of a Registrant , you may also experience discrimination , even if the registrant is n’t even
attending services .
Granted , the chances are slim , but it does happen .
Gini Aland wrote for SOSEN that she had attended services at a small town church in a California for well over a decade
before she befriended ( and eventually dated ) a registered citizen in her community .
Even though the registered person
did not attend any services , Gini began to notice the attitude of many members changed towards her , and she was no
longer invited to volunteer for or attend any church events .
One day , Gini was ushered into a small room to be asked to
leave the church .
As Gini described it :
“ This all came to a sudden and unexpected end one hot summer morning .
Pastor “ Frank ” had given a very nice sermon
on forgiveness reminding us how Jesus Christ forgives everyone and every sin .
He told us the story of the woman at the
well in the 4th chapter of John and how Christ had told her ‘ Go and sin no more . ’
He emphasized that no matter who we
are , rich or poor , no matter what our social standing God was there for us and had let his only son willingly give his life
for all sins and indiscretions .
“ Immediately after this service Pastor Frank , “ Brian ” ( the Head Elder ) , and his wife “ Tammy ” ( the youth director ) , called
me aside and asked to speak with me .
The three of them ushered me into the office of the pastor , a small cramped room
with three chairs , a large desk , and two floor - to - ceiling book cases .
There was no air - conditioning in the room , so the air
was stifling .
Frank sat behind his desk with his back to the small window , Brian took the chair directly across from him ,
and Tammy sat next to Brian in the last chair .
I was left standing backed into the corner by the bookshelves with Brian
and Tammy between the doorway and me .
“ Brian began the conversation telling me I would need to leave the church if I were to continue to befriend , date , and
advocate for registered persons and the abolishment of the registry .
He said the church could not allow me to stay
because as everyone knows , ‘ Birds of a feather flock together so I must be a pedophile also , as it was obvious I
condoned such behavior . ’
He informed me that my association with criminals such as this would only draw more to our
community and church putting many innocent women and children in danger .
During this entire depressing and
uncomfortable lecture both Frank and Tammy sat looking on with unsmiling serious scowls on their faces that seemed
almost to border on a smirk .
They did not speak but only nodded in agreement with Brian from time to time .
I told them I
would go by their wishes and no longer attend this church .
He closed the conversation by making a statement I felt was
threatening in tone ; he stated , ‘ Remember , be careful who you associate with .
People may think poorly of you and many
bad things will happen to you , especially when you associate with known criminals . ’ ”
“ After I stopped attending there were many unexplained vandalism attempts on my parents property .
My parents were
living in a nice neighborhood across town from me on a quiet street with some of the people from the same congregation
as neighbors .
My parents ’ front porch was egged a couple of times ; one time the garage door had been vandalized with
spray paint ; several times they found nails , screws and such in their tires and scattered across the driveway ; my father ’s
gas tank was emptied one night ; and twice the tires on my mother ’s van were slashed , with all four tires slashed on one
occasion .
It seemed strange that none of the neighbors heard or seen anything happening even though the street was
well lit and the vandalism was only to my parents ’ property .
There is no proof of who may have done these things but I
for one still have my suspicions . ”
This series of events impacted Gini ’s faith in the Church ; she writes , “ Of course this nasty demeaning situation left me
feeling quite insulted and depressed .
I felt that the religious community I had so faithfully befriended and supported for
all these years had suddenly turned on me and let me down .
I understand that not all people and churches act this
way ...
However , I still get a little wary and nervous whenever I visit a church today .
There seems to be a little voice
nagging at me and questioning if these people would truly accept me if they were to know what I advocate for and who
my friends are .
I also can't help but wonder if they would look down on my boyfriend , the man I love , because he made a
mistake many years ago , paid his debt to society but now bears a label as a registered person and assumed to be
dangerous . ” [ 14 ]
If you are a loved one of a registrant , remember that you can indeed be impacted by the registry .
You can suffer
ostracism and discrimination even in a church setting .
But you can be a bastion of support and accountability for your
loved one .
In the event a registered person needs to self - impose a rule out of fear or liability reasons , you can be a
trusted chaperone to your loved one .
If you are dating a registered person , you may wish to self - impose similar rules
listed above for registrants if you are also concerned about false accusations or suspicions .
WHAT TO DO IF YOU ARE A CHURCH
So what is a church to do when approached by a sex offender wanting to join the congregation ?
The answer is not easy .
On one hand the Church teaches Redemption , Forgiveness , and the Community of Believers , among other things ; on
the other hand , our society places great emphasis on the Former Sex Offender and protecting children , thus adding the
element of fear and liability to the issue .
Almost every time a Registered Citizen wishes to attend the church , " there 's a
split in the congregation where you have people saying ' Jesus called us to welcome everyone , ' and others saying ' if a
pedophile comes in , I 'm quitting . ' "
" I would n't be surprised if some people leave if we do decide to include him , but others
have said they 'd leave if we do n't include him , ” another pastor stated . [ 15 ]
Ultimately , you have three choices when confronted with the decision of whether or not you will allow a person previously
convicted of a sexual offense to attend services ( or grant a leadership role in the congregation ) , but BEFORE you make
that choice , it is important that you do your research .
Churches have been no less susceptible to misinformation and
fearmongering than the secular public .
For example , a page on this subject at umc.org states the following erroneous
claim : “ Recent studies suggest a low likelihood that pedophiles can or will change .
Without extensive professional
treatment , virtually all child sexual offenders will re-offend . ” [ 16 ]
A statement from AG Financial Solutions ( which sells
church insurance , claims , “ According to an FBI profile , pedophiles are incurable , promiscuous , predatory , and have a
high recidivism rate . ” [ 17 ]
Both statements are obvious both wrong and serve only to incite the reader into a state of
panic .
Both statements use the term “ sex offender ” and “ pedophile ” interchangeably along with the erroneous claim that
they are untreatable and doomed to re-offend .
Exacerbating the issue are those who weaponize the Bible to justify discrimination against registered persons .
One
example is the misuse of Matthew 18:6 as a condemnation against people convicted of sexual offenses .
( “ If anyone
causes one of these little ones — those who believe in me — to stumble , it would be better for them to have a large
millstone hung around their neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea . ” ) .
The passage concerns all believers ,
and it concerns scandals and infighting amongst the group of believers , not about sex crimes against children .
This
passage is followed by the proper way to confront sinners in the congregation and a warning against squandering God’s
gift of forgiveness but being unwilling to forgive others .
In reality , sex offense laws are complex , and not every potential threat to your child will be listed on an arbitrary
government blacklist .
You must be aware that most sex offenses occur in the home by someone known to the child , and
the perpetrator will be far more likely to lack a criminal record than to have one .
You must also be aware that the sex
offense registry includes teens who engage in a variety of mutual sexual behavior with their peers , public urination ,
prostitution , and even behaviors not considered sexual in nature ( such as a man who held a teen drug dealer at
gunpoint during a heist or a man who grabbed a teen ’s arm to yell at her for jumping out in front of his moving vehicle )
right alongside the feared “ pedophiles . ”
Many sex offenses do not involve children .
The law makes no distinction
between a teen who slept with his 15 year old girl friend and one who forcefully raped a 15 year old girl .
Having the right
kind of information is important .
The good news is that people convicted of sexual offenses are NOT doomed to reoffend , despite the prevailing myth
that they do ; in reality , less than 1 % of registered persons are reconvicted for a subsequent offense . [ 18 ]
Many people
making these claims are citing outdated or faulty information .
If you are reading this article from the OnceFallen.com
website , you are already at a resource that separates fact from fiction about sex offenses and those forced to register .
Still , you may be motivated not so much out of fear a registrant may commit an offense but out of liability concerns or
fear of losing members .
I cannot promise you taking a bold stand will be painless , but the Bible tells us to conform to
Christ , not to the world ( Romans 12 : 1 - 2 ) .
The world is prone to fear and hatred based out of misinformation .
We must
be better than that !
Even after you do our research , there are many things to consider .
Christianity Today states , “ Unfortunately , there is no
one - size - fits - all answer .
Experts recommend that staff members proactively address this question by developing a sex
offender policy .
Kristen Blanford , partner at Hermes Sargent Bates law firm in Dallas , Texas … recommends that
leadership teams consider a few critical questions when developing a sex offender policy for their congregation : ”
“ What are the core beliefs of the organization ?
Do you support including everyone , or do you specify who is able
to attend or become a member of your congregation ?
Do you have established ministries for urban communities or walk - in traffic ?
Do you already have a prison ministry
or an urban community outreach program that might attract convicted sex offenders ?
What will your congregation tolerate ?
Will your congregation react positively or negatively to opening your doors
to sex offenders ?
What are the risks to the congregation ?
Will allowing the offender to participate in the organization put any
current members at risk ? ” [ 19 ]
We shall examine the three choices the church has for dealing with the knowledge of a registered person has joined the
congregation , including the pros and cons of each .
( On the upside , the aforementioned AG Financial Solutions report
states that “ [ A ] church has not been held liable for unknowingly allowing a registered sex offender to attend services . ”
Option # 1 : Treating the Registrant the same as anyone else ( No Restrictions )
The Christianity Today survey found that 5 % of churches stated they have not / would not place any restrictions on
registered citizens ; taking into account 46 % stated they have not encountered a known registrant in their church , then
about one of every 10 churches that have encountered a registrant will welcome a registered citizen unconditionally .
While this is the most Christ - like thing to do , doing so come at a cost .
As stated above , Pilgrim United Church of Christ welcomed Mark Pliska unconditionally , and in return , Pliska faced
harassment and condemnation from some of the members ; some even left the church .
Over time , some who condemned
Pliska asked for forgiveness .
Churches could face condemnation from influences outside the church .
For example , the Southern Baptists of Texas
Convention ( a conservative coalition ) voted in April 2019 to withdraw fellowship from a church pastored by a registered
person .
As reported in the Baptist News :
“ The path to New Spirit ’s eventual ejection was opened in March when , the Southern Baptist TEXAN newspaper
reported , the SBTC executive board approved a policy denying affiliation to any church whose senior pastor has been
convicted of sexual abuse of a child .
That vote followed a series of articles by the Houston Chronicle and ( San Antonio )
Express News detailing allegations of sexual misconduct against hundreds of Southern Baptist church leaders and
volunteers .
After meeting with officials from SBTC , New Spirit decided to retain ( Pastor Erbey ) Valdez , the Baptist
publication reported .
The board responded with a May 1 letter informing the church of its decision . ” [ 20 ]
The Convention
behaved in a reactionary manner to a media report , not unlike those who do not attend church at all .
AG Financial Solutions offers this ominous warning to those who “ do nothing ” : “ Unfortunately , this is often the approach
taken by many churches .
This response is not recommended due to its associated legal risks , which include the
following : risk that the offender may molest a minor , liability to the church if the person will be working with minors ,
punitive damages for reckless or gross negligence , liability for board members who failed to implement appropriate
safeguards , negative media publicity , and the risk of a potentially uninsured claim ( intentional or criminal misconduct is
not an insurable risk ) .
Bottom line : in choosing to do nothing , you carry a high risk of harm to minors and of being sued
for negligence . ” [ 21 ]
There is one other important factor to the game plan .
“ Restrictions are a good security tool for churches — as long as
they ’re accompanied by support , said Steve Vann , who helps run Keeping Kids Safe Ministries , based in Tennessee …
‘ When you ignore it , abandon or shut off these people , it makes it more likely for them to reoffend , ’ Vann said . ” [ 22 ]
As a registered person and anti-registry activist , I would feel most comfortable in a church where I was not treated like
an outcast just for attending .
Option # 2 : Banishment / Exclusion / Excommunication from the Church
Based on the answers from the Christianity Today poll , 2 % of churches completely exclude registrants from attending ;
taking into account that 46 % of respondents stated they had no experience with a registrant in their churches , then that
means one out of every 25 churches that have experienced a registered person bans them from their congregation .
The misguided advice of AG Financial Solutions states that “ Although it may appear harsh and unforgiving , this is a
valid option that depends on the severity of the person ’s crimes …
If you have someone who ’s a Tier 3 offender , the best
response is to exclude them from attending .
Even if the crime (s ) occurred decades ago , consider the age of the victim
(s ) ; if the incident ( s ) involved pre-pubescent or early - pubescent children , it should not matter how long ago it occurred ,
since such a person may be a pedophile ( someone with a sexual preference for prepubescent or early pubescent
minors ) .
According to an FBI profile , pedophiles are incurable , promiscuous , predatory , and have a high recidivism rate .
From a liability standpoint , the risk to minors and to your church in allowing a pedophile to attend may be too high .
In
addition , exclusion may be the proper response in cases where the victim(s ) of the sex offender ’s crimes attend the
same church . ” [ 23 ]
The AG Financial Solutions advice is bad because it is based upon assumptions .
First , it falls back upon the myth of
high recidivism rates and the assumption of “ sex offender ” equals “ pedophile . ”
Second , the Tier system varies by state ,
and at least eight states have mandatory lifetime reporting no matter the severity of offense .
Furthermore , the Tier
system itself is arbitrarily determined ; some states use a risk - assessment system ( i.e. , a barrage of psychological tests ,
sometimes relying on pseudoscience like polygraphs or plethysmographs ) , which some states have adopted an offense -
based classification scheme ( most are states that have adopted the federal Adam Walsh Act ) .
Under offense - based
systems , you will have a higher number of people classified as a “ Tier 3 . ” Under the federal Adam Walsh Act ( AWA ) , a
teen caught having relations with another teen , by virtue of age , places that person at a Tier 2 at minimum .
That is not
to say that a risk assessment would necessarily be more accurate ; this same teen automatically scores a 2 ( moderate -
low risk ) on the Static - 99 ( the most common risk assessment test ) since that teen is under age 25 and likely has not
lived with a significant other for two years .
That is why heavy reliance on registry information is a folly .
As a registered person , I condemn any church with a policy of full expulsion of all registrants ; I will kick the dust from my
feet as I attend a more welcoming congregation .
Option # 3 : The Game Plan – Varying Degrees of Restrictions
The most common method for addressing registrants in the church is a plan for some degree of restriction within the
church , like having a chaperone or not allowing the registrant into the children ’s wing .
In the Christianity Today poll , 37 %
of respondents state their church had this policy ( taking into account 46 % stated they had no experience with a
registered person , then roughly three - fourths of churches with prior experience with a registered person has some kind
of restrictive policy in place .
One example of a church that has utilized this option successfully is Sonrise Church of Hillsboro , Oregon , which has
ministered to registered citizens for well over a decade .
Sonrise runs a separate Sunday afternoon service called “ Light
My Way ” since 2004 for registered persons , people recovering from substance abuse , the homeless , and others
typically shunned by society and has not experienced any allegations of abuse at the church from members .
No one
under 18 attends this service .
In addition , the Church operates a “ Safe Campus ” policy ; the details are as follows :
“ Sonrise Church has several “ safe ” policies .
Our SafeKids policy provides children and youth with safe guidelines for
both participants and leaders .
All leaders and workers in our children and youth ministry have passed a police
background check .
Our SafeAdults policy provides adults working in ministry situations with safe guidelines for
ministering to others .
Our SafeCampus provides a safe place for people attending our weekend worship services . ”
“ For the Light My Way service we employ our SafeCampus policies and add the following :
We provide a separate entrance and exit for people attending Light My Way .
We provide separate restrooms for people attending Light My Way .
We clearly post which portion of the building is being used by Light My Way .
We either lock appropriate doors or provide other dividers to clearly identify which part of the building is closed to
those under the age of 18 .
We have security personal that monitor the entire campus ( both inside and out ) that are in communication with
the security team leader .
The Light My Way ministry is clearly identified with signs that signal our activities ( both inside and outside the
facility ) .
We identify Light My Way on our church calendar for those wishing to use the facility on Sunday
afternoon .
Due to the number of activities that occur at Sonrise church , there are times when people under the age of 18 will
be in different parts of the building or outside on the property but they will not be allowed in the portion of the
facility set aside as a safe campus . ” [ 24 ]
As reported by The Oregonian in 2015 , “ The Light My Way afternoon service for sex offenders , former convicts ,
homeless people and drug addicts has caused some unrest in the surrounding neighborhood , but Kelly reports Sonrise
pastor Rocky
Wing said the ministry is modeled after Jesus 's life .
‘ A lot of people put on a mask when they step outside , ’
Rocky Wing told The Oregonian / OregonLive Monday .
Wing is the Sonrise pastor currently overseeing the Light My Way
program .
‘ But here are people who have hit the bottom and have no more pretending . ’
The service is part of what drew
Wing , a worship pastor , to Sonrise two and a half years ago , he said .
Jesus hung out with the lowest of the low , Wing
said . ” [ 25 ]
The AG Financial Solutions page states , “ This is sometimes viewed as a more merciful response .
Worded properly , this
can put the church in a position to be viewed as having acted reasonably under the circumstances , which means that it
may not be considered negligent .
However , a couple things must be kept in mind if this course is chosen .
First , this
document must be drafted by an attorney and comply with any requirements under state law .
Second , careful thought
must be given as to the conditions stated in the policy …
It is also recommended that churches adopt a Zero Tolerance
Policy for violation of a conditional attendance agreement . ” [ 26 ]
This company writes from a strict legal liability
standpoint .
However , the last statement fails to take into account that humans make mistakes .
For example , a person
needing to use the bathroom may not have the chaperone follow him into the bathroom for various reasons , so the
breaking of an escort rule could be the result of error on the part of the escort .
As a registered person , I make it a point to not enter certain areas , not because I have an uncontrollable urge , but
because there are many uneducated people who believe I do because of a label .
There have been times where people
felt I was being unnecessarily self - restricting , but as a registrant , I ’m also aware of liability issues .
False allegations are a real threat to registrants and non-registrants alike .
Mere accusations make people assume guilt .
Thus , I feel it is recommended that certain policies should be extended to everyone .
After all , not every potential threat
to children is on the government blacklist .
( According to a 2008 New York study , about 95 % of sex crime arrests in the
state over a 20 year period were of first time offenders , meaning no prior record . ) [ 27 ]
Accepting a Registered Citizen as a Church Leader
If accepting a Registered Citizen as a member of the congregation is difficult , I can only imagine the difficulties faced
when deciding whether or not to allow a Registered Person to lead a congregation .
Christ Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church of Jacksonville , FL made headlines in 2012 for allowing a Registered
Citizen to minister to their small population following his release from prison .
Within days , this decision was met with
fierce backlash .
The New Black Panther Party ( a group described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as “ a virulently racist and
antisemitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites , Jews and law enforcement officers ” )
[ 28 ] protested in unity with George Harvey , pastor at nearby Mt. Charity Baptist Church .
Ironically , Harvey was known
for ministering to prisoners and other people shunned by society .
The NBPP vowed to protest every Sunday until the
registrant was removed as pastor of the small church . [ 29 ]
The protests did not last ;
Harvey died of a heart attack in
May 2012 , [ 30 ] and the head of the Jacksonville chapter of the NBPP was arrested on charges of false imprisonment
and resisting an officer without violence in May 2013 . [ 31 ]
The church made bigger headlines for deciding to ban children from services ( the registrant was on probation at the
time and could not have contact with minors ) .
" Somehow I will prove that life is n't over when one has committed a crime
for which he receives this heinous label , " Pastor Darrell Gilyard told a Jacksonville.com reporter through text message .
" You do n't have to languish on the fringes of society . "
Attendance for this church reportedly grew from about 10
members to between 150 and 200 as this new story aired . [ 32 ]
The Jacksonville Baptist Association asked the church to
resign from their membership . [ 33 ]
But over time , the media blitz subsided somewhat , and the condition banning the registrant from allowing minors to
attend his services was lifted in 2014 . [ 34 ]
In his first interview with the media , Pastor Gilyard stated , “ " Right now I'm
doing well , " said Gilyard , " I have this label as a leper of society , but that label is not in me …
Of course I believe I have
changed , but time will tell everyone if I have change …
I 'm a believer in when you do something wrong you pay the price ,
but do you pay the price forever ? ” [ 35 ]
The church still receives the occasional burst of negative reviews on social
media and the Houston Chronicle drudged up a 1991 complaint against the pastor as part of the paper ’s salacious
series on sexual misconduct among Southern Baptist churches . [ 36 ]
On a related note , a Houston area church also withdrew from the Southern Baptist Convention in defense of allowing a
registered person to accept a role as pastor .
The Houston Chronicle took credit for forcing the Houston Church to
resign from the SBC , adding , “ Jones ’ church voluntarily withdrew from the Baptist convention after the Houston
Chronicle and the San Antonio Express - News published “ Abuse of Faith , ” a series of stories that detailed how 700
people — most of them children — had been sexually abused by pastors , employees and volunteers at Southern Baptist
churches across the U.S. since 1998 . ” [ 37 ]
This suggests the resignation was a reactionary response to bad publicity .
This case is an extreme example , at least in part because this case received plenty of media attention .
But 3 % of
respondents in the 2010 Christianity Today survey were aware a leader within their church had a sex offense conviction .
Standing by someone who has committed sins in the past is hard to do , but that is what is expected of all true believers .
After all , Christ dined with and let follow people considered the pariahs of society in His day .
If Christ was alive today , He
would likely allow registered persons among His disciples .
One last but very important note for churches — most sex crimes occur in the home by someone the victim knowd , and
most sex crimes involve someone with no prior record .
If you have a deep concern for child safety , then policies should
be constructed in a way that covers all people rather than focusing on the small number of congregants that are listed
on the government blacklist .
It is your duty to separate the wheat from the chaff , or in this instance , the fact from fiction .
Thankfully , you are already at a website that separates wheat and chaff .
Perusing the articles at OnceFallen.com is a
good place to start your research .
LEGAL RULINGS REGARDING REGISTRANTS
AND CHURCHES
Most legal rulings have involved government attempts at restricting registrants from attending church services rather
than suing individual churches for banning registrants from churches .
State of NH v Perfetto , No. 2009 - 647 ( NH Sup Ct , 17 Sept 2010 )
In State of NH v Perfetto , the New Hampshire Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that prevented Jonathan
Perfetto from having any contact with minors under age 17 .
In the lower court , Perfetto moved to amend the conditions
of his suspended sentences so that he could attend meetings at the Manchester South Congregation of Jehovah’s
Witnesses while being supervised by an elder member of the congregation .
The congregation is family - oriented , and
children are regularly present at the worship meetings .
The defendant also requested that he be allowed to converse
among the entire congregation both before and after the meetings .
He argues that the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and Part I , Article 5 of the New Hampshire
Constitution require that when those rights are limited , the government must utilize the “ least restrictive alternative . ”
The
defendant contends that the prohibition on contact with minors impinges on his constitutional rights and that the trial
court erred by not tailoring the condition to satisfy the least restrictive alternative test .
He also claims that his due
process rights under the New Hampshire Constitution were violated when the trial court did not hold a hearing on his
motion .
The State countered that conditions of probation need only bear a reasonable relationship to the rehabilitation of the
probationer and protection of the public .
The Court determined , “ We note that the condition in this case does not directly infringe on the defendant ’s free
exercise of his religion : it is instead facially neutral and applies to the defendant ’s conduct regardless of whether he is in
a church or elsewhere .
Under these circumstances , we see no reason to require the State to show a compelling
government interest … Here , the defendant ’s freedom of belief has not been restricted .
He may still practice his religion in
ways that do not violate the condition of his sentences , including the use of books and video and audio recordings .
He
may also arrange bible study with elders from his congregation and attend meetings at a congregation where minors are
not present .
While the defendant may prefer to attend the congregation of his choosing , as a result of his suspended
sentences , he “ properly [ is ] subject to limitations from which ordinary persons are free . ”
“ While the defendant may now point to issues that could have been explored at a hearing , we do not conclude that
under these circumstances , due process required a hearing .
Furthermore , the defendant has not demonstrated that a
hearing would have established his entitlement to relief .
The sentencing judge is accorded broad discretion in imposing
conditions of probation or suspension so long as those conditions are reasonably related to the rehabilitation and
supervision of the defendant . ”
Doe v. Cooper , 842 F.3d 833 ( 4th Cir. 2016 )
In Doe v Cooper , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit affirmed a federal district court ’s judgment that
portions of the North Carolina proximity statute were unconstitutional .
John Does # 1 through # 5 ( collectively , the " Does " )
challenged these statutory restrictions as either overbroad , under the First Amendment to the United States
Constitution , or unconstitutionally vague , under the Fourteenth Amendment .
Specifically , N.C. Gen. Stat. § 14-208.18 ( a ) ( 2 ) and ( a ) ( 3 ) made it a felony for those convicted of a “ violent ” sex offense
or an offense involving a minor “ within 300 feet of any location intended primarily for the use , care , or supervision of
minors when the place is located on premises that are not intended primarily for the use , care , or supervision of minors ,
including , but not limited to , places described in subdivision ( 1 ) of this subsection that are located in malls , shopping
centers , or other property open to the general public .
While this lawsuit was not solely related to church attendance bans , church bans were part of the lawsuit .
John Doe #
1
was arrested because the church had a child care center within 300 feet of the main congregation hall .
The local district
attorney initially charged John Doe # 1 with a violation of section 14 - 208.18 ( a ) , but the charge was dropped .
Afterward ,
John Doe # 1 was allowed to continue attending church subject to a number of restrictions set by the district attorney .
Those restrictions included a prohibition on " assisting " with worship services and engaging in any church activities
outside of the main worship service .
Doe v. Boone Co Prosecutor , No. 06A01-1612-PL-2741 , __ N.E.3d __ ( Ind. Ct. App. , Oct. 24 , 2017 )
In Doe v Boone Co. Prosecutor , the Indiana Court of Appeals determined that the Indiana Code section 35-31.5-2-285
definition of “ school property ” did not extend to Children ’s church services .
The Boone County Sheriff sent a letter to
registrants informing them of the passage of Indiana ’s “ serious sex offender ” law in 2015 ( Indiana Code section 35- 31.5 -
2-285 ) .
Relevant to the facts of this case , “ school property ” is defined as a “ federal , state , local , or nonprofit program or
service operated to serve , assist , or otherwise benefit children who are at least three ( 3 ) years of age and not yet
enrolled in kindergarten … ”
“ The question before this court is whether Appellants ’ churches , which offer Sunday school and / or child care services
for children in the relevant age group , meet the statutory definition of “ school property . ”
Appellants argue they do not fit
within this definition because the “ plain text of the statute and a common sense understanding of a ‘ school ’ speaks in
terms of distinct educational entities . . . [ and ] does not become a school simply because it offers ‘ some program or
service ’ oriented towards children . ”
By contrast , the State argues a church offering Sunday school for children of the
relevant age group falls squarely within the statute ’s definition and our legislature ’s intent ; the State alleges a church
operates without the goal of profiting and Sunday school is plainly operated “ to serve . . . or otherwise benefit ” children .
Further , at oral argument , the State argued that nurseries or babysitting services operated by the churches are
“ developmental child care program [s ] ” because children are learning to socialize .
The State further argued the only way
Appellants can attend church is if no children are present at a church ’s service .
We disagree with the broad
interpretation of ‘ school property ’ advocated by the State .
In considering the structure of the statute and viewing it as a whole , we cannot say the legislature intended to prohibit
Appellants or other ‘ serious sex offenders ’ from entering church property if that church offers Sunday school or child
care services for children in the relevant age group …
Appellants ’ churches are not ‘ school property ’ and they do not
become “ school property ” by virtue of conducting Sunday school or offering child care services for children who are
three years old but not yet enrolled in kindergarten . ”
CONCLUSION
The church should be the last place a registered citizen should feel ostracized or face vigilante action , but it has
happened .
In addition , some lawmakers have attempted to ban registered persons from churches .
Unfortunately ,
churches are not immune to fearmongering and liability concerns .
Those of us on the registry should not have to settle
for exclusion from practicing our religion .
At the same time , we must recognize that even churches are bombarded with
false teachings about registered citizens .
Because registered persons can be easily accused of wrongdoing , it may be wise to self - impose a couple of simple rules
even if your church does not do that , particularly avoiding children ’s areas and events and having a chaperone ( a
witness ) .
This will minimize any possibilities of false allegations or suspicions of wrongdoing .
If a church wo n’t accept
you , there are plenty of churches who will accept you .
REFERENCES
One of the biggest areas where the HTC G1 phone on T - Mobile 's network lags Apple iPhone is the app store .
So far , the Android Marketplace allowed only free apps in its online store but that is set to change this week .
Google is expected to allow developers to start charging for programs sold through the Android market place , says The Wall Street Journal .
Unlike the iPhone App store that has splits the revenue with the developers , Android allows for third party programmers to keep the profits to themselves .
Apple keeps 30 percent of the revenue from apps sold through the iPhone store .
The Android marketplace is also open .
Apps do not have to be approved by either the carrier or Google which developed the Android mobile operating system .
That is in contrast to Apple 's walled garden approach that requires all apps to be scrutinized by the company .
i Phone users are billed for paid apps through their iTunes account .
It is not clear what kind of payment framework Android will use .
Paid apps should help improve the Android marketplace .
At the least , G1 phone users deserve equal access to Tipulator , Super Monkey Ball and iBeer .
Also see :
Android App No Malware , Says Google
Showdown : HTC T - Mobile G1 vs. iPhone 3 GAnalysts : T - Mobile's G1 Android Phone Lacks Sizzle
Annoying : Google Android - Powered G1 Leaves Out Standard Headphone Jack
Photo Gallery : G1 Android Phone Up Close and Personal
Photo : G1 ( originalpozer / Flickr )
If you are currently not a member of our program , you 're in the right place .
Please click the " enter " button to access the public Medtipster™ site for local pricing information on your prescriptions .
If your Medtipster / free™ membership is sponsored by your employer or insurance company , click the link below .
At Medtipster / free™ , you can access prescription information , as well as convenient locations where otherwise costly prescriptions are free to members .
Elliott Kosmicki is the founder of GoodPlum.com , a productivity and personal development blog for home business owners .
You can also follow Elliott on Twitter .
We wo n't mention Internet Explorer here .
Nor Opera or even Google 's Chrome browser ( disclaimer : I may write this post for Chrome in a few months once they have extensions available ) .
Today , we 're going to take a look at Firefox - the browser we all are should be using .
In my endless pursuit of the ultimate productivity system , technology always seems to get in the way .
Last week , we looked at how you can stay productive inside of Twitter ; a place many of us seem to be spending a lot of time lately .
Today I want to try and summarize some of the greatest productivity bits that the Firefox browser has to offer .
You may be surprised that many of these do n't even require an extension !
Be sure to let us know in the comments what Firefox productivity bits you use on a daily basis !
1. Learn the shortcut !
I know , there are too many programs to learn keyboard shortcuts for !
I agree .
But I 'll argue that if you 're going to learn shortcuts for just one thing - make it Firefox .
If you 're mainly using web apps for mail , documents and the like - you 're spending most of your day staring at the curled orange fox anyway - you might as well get more done while you 're there .
My most - used shortcuts :
F6 or Ctrl+L : Gets you right up into the Address / URL bar .
F5 : Reload the page .
Ctrl+F :
Find what you 're looking for on the page .
I also just learned you can " quick search " by using just the / key !
Ctrl+T : Opens a new tab .
If you 're spending time clicking the new tab icon all day , you 're missing out !
Ctrl+K : Takes you to the Firefox search box .
Ctrl+U : View the page 's source .
F11 : View the page in full - screen mode .
Ctrl+W : Closes the active tab .
Ctrl+= : Increases font size .
Ctrl +- : Decreases font size .
Ctrl + Shift +T : Opens the last closed tab .
No more right - clicking and asking Firefox to open the tab you accidentally closed !
There are obviously many more shortcuts built - in to Firefox , but these are the ones I use every single day .
2. Search anything with one letter
Did you know you can create a shortcut for ANY search box on the web ?
Let me give you an example :
I use Musicnotes.com to download sheet music ( I play a little piano sometimes ) .
Instead of typing in the URL , clicking into the search box , and typing out my search I can just do this : F6 , mn , " search term "
1. F6 ( goes to the address bar ) 2 . mn ( the shortcut I 've assigned Musicnotes ' search ) 3 . Enter search term +
Enter
To set this up , go to any website that has a search box .
Right - click the search box and select " Add a Keyword for This Search ... "
In the box that displays next , you can name the search , enter your shortcut ( Keyword ) term , and click Add .
That 's it !
Now you just need to remember all of your keyword shortcut terms ...
3. Edit images quick and easy
So bloggers out there : how often do you find yourself looking for an image to use in a post , downloading the file , opening up a photo editor , editing , re-saving , and then uploading back to your blog ?
For me , it was VERY often .
Enter Picnik .
Picnik is not only a great web - based photo editor , it also has the slickest Firefox plugin that simply allows you to " Edit in Picnik . "
Find an image online , right click it , and select " Edit in Picnik . "
Now you can resize , crop , even add effects without all the downloading and multiple program fuss - all for free !
4 . The sidebar sidekick
There are plugins that open things like Facebook , Twitter , etc in your sidebar .
You can obviously also view your bookmarks ( Ctrl+B ) and browsing history ( Ctrl + Shift + H ) there as well .
We want to do more with our sidebar !
Built into Firefox is the ability to allow you to open any bookmark you create into the sidebar ... this works PERFECT with mobile sites !
We 're going to take one of my favorite to - do applications , Remember The Milk , and make it more useful :
1. Instead of the full URL , we 'll go to m.rmilk.com ( the mobile version ) and login .
2 . Then , bookmark this page to your menu bar .
3 . Right click your new bookmark and select " Properties . "
4 . Check the box that says " Load this bookmark in the sidebar . "
Now , every time you click the link - it wo n't take you to a new page , but just open up the mobile version of the site right into your sidebar !
Remember , this works well with almost ANY mobile or iPhone version of a website !
Add in the comments which sites you love working with in the sidebar .
5. Become Ubiquitous
In August of 2008 , Mozilla announced Ubiquity , a kind of interface for the entire web .
I do n't know if the project is near where they want it to be yet , but I 've found it interesting at a minimum , and useful enough at times to warrant a mention here .
You can see the introduction to Ubiquity on their site right here because it can be a little hard to " get " without seeing .
Let 's just say this : I think the goal is to get you to ask a question to Ubiquity instead of searching for something on Google .
Something like , " Get directions from Madison to Austin and email them to Bill . "
Ideally , Ubiquity would actually carry out that command for you .
6 . You 're not cool if you type full URLs
Next time you want to get to http://www.mashable.com
( or any .com domain for that matter ) , did you know all you need to do is type in " mashable " and then Ctrl + Enter ?
Try it : F6 , mashable , Ctrl + Enter .
If you wanted to get to the About page on Mashable , you could type : mashable / about then Ctrl + Enter - Firefox will actually insert the .com before the / about .
Slick as shhhoe shine !
7 . Stop procrastinating with procrastato
One of my favorite fun Firefox plugins that can have a big impact on your productivity is Procrastato .
Simply add some website URLs into the extension , and if you spend too much time browsing those sites ( you tell it what 's too long ) - the plugin pops up a message telling you to get back to work !
I have to admit , I tried this for a couple days and started getting upset at myself for wasting too much time .
The plugin is now disabled . ;)
8. Firefox extensions I 'd pay for
Last , but definitely not least , I 'd like to mention a handful of plugins I use every day and would most likely pay for ( attention extension developers : do not send emails asking me to pay ) :
- Evernote - The Firefox plug - in from Evernote allows you to highlight and clip text or entire pages to your notebooks .
- Sharaholic -
If you use Delicious , StumbleUpon , Digg , and similar sites - save yourself the hassle of having plugins for each site and just use Sharaholic to spread all your link love around .
- Web Developer & Firebug -
For web developers out there , if you 're not using one or both of these — how are you getting by ?
- Greasemonkey & Stylish -
By using userscripts.org and userstyles.org and these two plugins , you can customize virtually every popular website out there .
Make it your machine
Look , we all have different ways of using the web - it 's the way it should be .
But make sure to do yourself a favor and look for Firefox extensions for the sites you 're already using .
There are ways to make every site you visit more productive if you just take the time to do it .
Elliott Kosmicki is a web developer and marketing specialist for an Internet Retailer Hot 100 company in Madison , WI .
When he ’s not absorbing marketing strategy and personal development material , you can find him writing for Good Plum - a productivity and personal development blog focused on the thoughts of home business owners , freelancers , and dreamers .
You can also find Elliott on his personal summary page , and on Twitter .
More Firefox resources from Mashable :
Search TrueAuthority.com Cryptozoology - C vs E - Dinosaurs
Micro vs. Macro Evolution
Objections Against Creation
By Josef T. Long
© TrueAuth orit y.com
... while you read Proponents of evolution often attempt to discredit creation by pointing to occurrences of microevolution , such as speciation , adaptation , etc .
To the evolutionist , microevolution is vindication for their belief in the much larger macroevolution .
Their belief is that if these microevolutionary changes have enough time to accumulate , then eventually this will lead to a macroevolutionary change .
And therefore , in their way of thinking , if microevolution is a well established fact , macroevolution must logically be an established fact as well .
All too often , creationists are ( falsely ) charged with believing in the “ fixity of species ” . *
This claim basically accuses creationists of believing speciation ( or even very simple variations ) cannot occur , and that all the species we have today are exactly the same ones God created as described in the opening chapters of Genesis .
This is a gross misrepresentation of what creationists actually teach and believe .
The very fact that evolutionists use microevolutionary changes to “ discredit ” creation shows how misinformed they ( and probably the majority of the public ) really are about creationists ’ beliefs .
And because they are ignorant of what creationists teach , they eagerly jump to these straw man arguments in an attempt to baffle their creationist opponents .
Unfortunately , to the uninformed creationist , these examples of microevolution are devastating .
But as creation becomes better known , it will reveal how silly these “ challenges ” that evolutionists use really are .
With this said , I think now is a good time to set the record straight : creationists do not believe in the fixity of species .
Furthermore , creationists do believe microevolution is an observable fact , and they do believe speciation can and does occur .
( In fact , speciation plays an important role in the creationist ’s model . )
Creationists have no qualms with believing animals of different species such as the wolf , coyote , and fox all had a common canine ancestor ( microevolution ) , but the line gets drawn when evolutionists insist that these species also share a common ancestor with dolphins ( macroevolution ) .
At this point , one might wonder exactly why creationists are n’t willing to accept macro as a scientific fact if they will accept micro .
I believe part of the problem is with the term “ microevolution ” itself .
This term sounds like small changes are occurring that will lead to macroevolution provided there is enough time .
[ 1 ]
However , when creationists say they believe microevolution occurs , what they really mean is that they believe variations within a kind of animal or plant occurs .
Sometimes these variations can lead to a new species , and in some cases , even a new genus .
But the variations have limitations .
That limitation is within the genetic information of the organism .
For instance , dogs can produce numerous varieties of dogs , but they will never produce a fundamentally different kind of animal , such as a cat ( similar perhaps in shape and form , but an entirely different kind of animal ) .
It ’s just not within their genetic content .
In my experience , evolutionists will quickly question exactly what a " kind " is .
I ’ll admit that it is partially true that creationists do n’t have a definite definition of what a kind is , but this should n’t be cause for concern .
Evolutionists do n’t have a definite definition on what a species is either , as Scientific American admits :
“ recognizing a new species during a formative stage can be difficult , because biologists sometimes disagree about how best to define a species ” .
( John Rennie , Scientific American , “ 15 Answers to Creationist Nonsense ” .
June 2002 )
This is an important point for evolutionists to keep in mind when creationists do n't have a perfect definition of what a kind is .
Creationists , however , do have a good idea of what a kind is .
The Bible makes it clear that if two different organisms can bring forth offspring , then they are the same " kind " of creature .
The break down happens because today some animals that are of the same " kind " may no longer be able to reproduce with the parent populations because of loss of information or ability .
So exactly why ca n’t microevolution lead to macroevolution ?
In order for this to happen , something very fundamental must occur : new genetic information must arise in an organism .
The organism must then pass on its genes on to its descendents , and with later accumulations of changes over several generations , eventually macroevolution will occur .
This theory actually seems pretty logical , yet as logical as it may seem , it is not what we observe when microevolution occurs .
In fact , we observe exactly the opposite of what must happen if microbe - to - man evolution is true .
And that is , we see organisms become more specialized as they adapt to their environment , or when speciation occurs .
Sometimes these changes might even be beneficial despite being an overall loss of information .
For example , beetles on a windy island will sometimes lose their wings due to a degenerative mutation .
[ 2 ]
This mutation is actually beneficial in this circumstance because the beetles are n’t able to fly and be blown off into the ocean .
But even though this mutation is beneficial , it still resulted in a net loss of information .
Information is the key factor if microevolution is going to eventually extrapolate into macroevolution .
The evolutionists might try to counter this by pointing out that the reason we may not see new information arise is because it is extremely rare .
So rare , in fact , that it might not ever happen in our lifetime or even in several generations .
Admittedly , this might actually be true when it comes to multi-cellular life forms ; however , if this type of evolution is true or is at least even possible , then one might not have to look much further than microscopic single - cellular life forms such as bacteria to observe the changes .
Under the right conditions , a bacterium can divide every 20 minutes .
[ 3 ]
This means if the conditions are right , one bacterium can multiply into billions of bacteria within 24 hours .
As any biologist can testify , the numbers at which bacteria can populate is staggering , and because bacteria can multiply so quickly , this can be used to simulate eons of time .
If macroevolution is true , it should n’t be that inconceivable to see bacteria gain new genetic information .
It also should n’t be too unreasonable to expect to see a single - cellular bacterium evolve into a multi-cellular bacterium .
Why then has this never been observed to occur even in bacteria ?
Perhaps it ’s because the types of changes that are needed to lead microevolution to macroevolution simply do not happen .
If the definition of microevolution is limited to what has been observed , then it is a powerful testimony that life has not evolved .
It is no surprise to creationists that animals become more specialized and often lose information when they ‘ microevolve ’ .
This should be expected since our Creator created everything perfectly and now things are winding down .
What counts as information increase ?
In this article , I ’ve tried to stress new information .
Why ?
In order to get the point across that new information must be information that the life form did not originally possess .
Sometimes evolutionists like to give examples of mutations that do technically increase information in an organism .
They are , however , the wrong types of information increase needed as evidence for molecules - to - man evolution .
Such an example would be certain humans who possess an extra chromosome at position 21 .
I want to first point out that this is a harmful mutation which results in Down ’s syndrome , [ 4 ] so it hardly counts as evidence for evolution .
Also , while this might technically be an increase , it is not the type of increase we are looking for in order for macroevolution to be true .
The human already had the information , it just was duplicated .
This is not new information .
It leads to a harmful mutation , and it certainly tells us nothing about the origin of the information .
Top
References :
* It is rather unfortunate that some “ progressive creationists ” ( or old Earth creationists ) like Hugh Ross do believe in the fixity of species .
However , this is not the view of young earth creationists .
The book of Genesis teaches us that animals of the same " kind " can produce offspring .
This certainly puts the " kind " in a higher taxonomy then the " species " level .
In fact , some animals of a different genus can also produce offspring .
The Biblical kind does n’t perfectly fit in with any of the classification levels , partly because of the diversity of life that has ensued since the creatures were created 6,000 years ago , and simply because the Bible ’s criteria for being the same " kind " is different than the classification levels we have today .
1. Because of the confusion between the terms micro and macro , some major creationist organizations such as Answers In Genesis have opted to avoid using these terms all together .
See AiG ’s article on “ Arguments we think creationists should NOT use ” : < http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/dont_use.asp>
In my opinion as long as the terms are properly and clearly defined , then they are still useful .
2. Carl Wieland , Creation Ex Nihilo , “ Beetle bloopers ” , Volume 19 Issue 3 June 1997 < http://www.answersingenesis.org/creation/v19/i3/beetle.asp>
3. Howard and Margery Facklam , Bacteria , Twenty - First Century Books , p. 10 , 1994
4. George B. Johnson , The Living World Second Edition , McGraw - Hill Higher Education , p. 176 , 2000
TrueAuthority.com - All Rights Reserved - true@trueauthority.com - Best Viewed With IE 6.0 & Above
Give Your Opinion - Use Of Articles
WASHINGTON – House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has gone from frequent flier to jet - aircraft connoisseur , with aides berating military officials to get the best planes , e-mails revealed yesterday .
Pelosi , who clashed with the military to get nonstop service when she flies home to California with police protection on government planes , revealed a particular fondness for Gulfstream ’s sleek G - 5 – a plane glamorized in Hollywood films and rap videos .
“ It is my understanding there are no G - 5s available for the House during the Memorial Day recess .
This is totally unacceptable . . .
The speaker will want to know where the planes are , ” a Pelosi aide wrote in an angry e-mail to the military .
MALKIN : ‘AIR NANCY ’ : PLANE OUTRAGEOUS
POWERS : LABOR ’S LOVE LOST ?
In another , the same aide wanted the plane for a House delegation when the fleet was being used for senators and Cabinet members .
“ This is not good news , and we will have some very disappointed folks , as well as a very upset speaker , ” the e-mail said .
The military was offering up an Air Force version of a Boeing 737 .
The e-mails were obtained from the government by the watchdog group Judicial Watch .
geoff.earle@nypost.com
A friend who edits a well know conservative business magazine is anticipating the new Obama administration .
He wants to know what liberal thinkers will be influential in the coming years .
He writes :
Barry :
We ’re putting together a list of the 50 most influential liberal thinkers / intellectuals in America ( academics , thinktankers , columnists , even politicians … ) for a XXXXXX.com Opinion section slide show .
I ’d love to have your thoughts on some names that should be there .
. .
Obviously not all 50 , but as many as you can muster without cursing me out !
The first few off of the top of my head are Paul Krugman , Joseph Stiglitz , George Soros , Al Gore , Barney Frank , Lawrence Lessig ( Stanford ) , Dean Baker ( Center for Economic and Policy Research ) .
Media : Keith Olbermann ( MSNBC ) , Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert ( Comedy Central ) , Josh Marshall ( Talking Points Memo ) , Mark Morford ( SF Gate ) , Bob Herbert ( NYT ) , Gary Trudeau ( Doonesbury ) , Joe Conason ( Salon ) ,
Bloggers : Arianna Huffington , Kevin Drum ( Mother Jones ) , Markos Moulitsas Zúniga ( Daily KOS ) , Matthew Yglesias ,
Authors : Greg Palast ( author ) , Jake Tapper , Nat Hentoff ( VIllage Voice ) .
And lastly , I have to add John Maynard Keynes , who remains to this day one of the most influential liberal thinkers in terms of economics .
( How could I have forgotten Bono ! —
Oh wait , he ’s not American ! )
Who else would you consider an influential liberal thinker ?
Thousands of teachers and other union members rallied Thursday at Pershing Square in downtown Los Angeles to oppose state and local cuts to education that are widely expected to result in larger classes for students as well as layoffs and more expensive healthcare .
Most of the rhetoric blistered Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and his proposed budget , but speakers also took aim at the Los Angeles Unified School District and schools Supt.
Ramon C. Cortines .
“ Mr. Cortines , tear down this bureaucracy now , ” said A.J. Duffy , president of United Teachers Los Angeles , in an echo of President Reagan ’s famous public challenge to unite East Germany and West Germany .
Duffy and other speakers called for stripping bare the district ’s central office to spare school sites .
Advertisement
The less - experienced teachers at risk of being laid off next fall include 24 - year - old Tiffany Francis , a seventh - grade science teacher at Peary Middle School in Gardena , who attended the rally with several friends .
“ I just love teaching kids , and I came to fight for our jobs and our students , ” said Francis , a second - year teacher who , at the moment , has no Plan B if she loses her job .
“ I just hope I can continue doing what I love to do . ”
Complicating the budget crisis is stalled contract talks .
To keep the pressure on L.A. Unified , Duffy reiterated his call for teachers to boycott faculty meetings and to refuse to give periodic assessments , which are district - mandated tests to guide teaching .
Advertisement
Duffy and the UTLA leadership have long spoken out against what they see as excessive standardized testing .
The event began at the school district headquarters on Beaudry Avenue , just west of the Harbor Freeway downtown , where Cortines watched from the 24th floor .
Demonstrators then marched to Pershing Square for the rally before marching again to the nearby Reagan State Office Building .
Cortines ’ staff produced research indicating that students who took all scheduled district assessments performed better on the state ’s annual tests .
Advertisement
And performance declined as students took fewer assessments , according to the district report .
He said he has made no decision on disciplinary action that teachers could face for refusing to give the tests .
Schwarzenegger ’s office issued a statement late Thursday in response to the rally .
“ The governor has gone to great lengths to protect education from feeling the full effect of the $ 42 - billion state budget deficit , ” said spokeswoman Camille Anderson .
Advertisement
“ But in this national economic downturn , it ’s necessary that every area of government tighten its belt . ”
--
howard.blume@latimes.com
jason.song@latimes.com
In the world of fast food and instant fixes to almost anything , consumers have been steadily reared on a diet of processed food , which understandably look good on the outside but definitely return negative health investments .
These foods have no redeemable nutritional qualities whatsoever .
Like most celebrities , the kinds of food we will cite below are high on image but low on the essentials .
One ca n’t even bring up an excuse like “ moderation ” , since the questionable ingredients that they carry either come in gargantuan amounts , or simply just do n’t belong to the normal human diet .
Except for their healthier variants ( if any ) , the following health information list presents the worst kinds of food you should avoid at all costs to stay optimally healthy , and maintain your health and wellness in the long run .
1 ) Canned Soup
Salt .
Just too much salt .
And monosodium glutamate .
Do n’t forget trans fats too .
There is an average of 1,000 mg of salt in a can of soup .
Considering that most people consume more than that amount , eating canned soup becomes a way of overloading your body with more than the recommended daily allowance of 2,400 mg of salt .
Preservatives like MSG and massive amounts of sodium merely worsen the scenario .
If you ’re surprised by these ( as many people regularly stock canned soup in their cupboards for convenience ) , opt for the healthier and more organic brands .
The best way to avoid the hazards of canned soup is to make homemade soup servings in your household .
2 ) Processed Meats – Luncheon Meats / Hotdogs / Bacon / Meat Loafs
Yes , this list has no mercy on your current diet .
The reason why these types of food are on our list is that they contain sodium nitrite , which is a carcinogen .
According to nutritionist Mike Adams , Sodium nitrite is a dangerous , cancer - causing ingredient that has no place in the human food supply .
A scientific study that followed the diets of 200,000 people over the span of 7 years showed that the chances of pancreatic cancer occurring are 67 percent higher for those people who regularly ate processed meats .
Lets hope well have the strength to take our eyes off of that hotdog stand next time .
3 ) Coffee Cake & Baked Goods
Generally , all types of commercially - packaged baked goods in the supermarket are notoriously unhealthy , simply because they are processed using hydrogenated trans fats , and then deep - fried .
These baked goodies contain artificial flavorings , artificial coloring , those pesky trans fats , preservatives , and additives for a good measure .
Packaged cake and the like regularly carry these ingredients at unreasonably high amounts .
Maybe its time to visit your local bakery shops ; its more likely that theyre not using viagra homme hydrogenated oil in their bread choices .
4 ) Doughnuts
Ah , now were getting mighty uncomfortable here .
Man , what could be wrong about doughnuts , you ask .
Like commercial baked goods , doughnuts contain a LOT of hydrogenated trans fats and artificial flavoring .
What youre eating are just refined sugars and flour mixed with icings and sweets , which surprise !
is basically just another serving of refined sugars and flour !
When it comes to health , the only thing good about them is the hole , nutritionist Carla Wolper said .
Add to the fact that most doughnuts are sprinkled with miniature candy variants , and you can understand why these deadly rings are giving nothing more than large , round zeros and holes to your health .
Literally .
5 ) Potato Chips & French Fries
No , we wont apologize for ruining your day .
We bet youve been expecting those large spuds and chips ( which may be staples in your office parties ) to appear on this list .
And rightly so , because these deep fried goodies are loaded with acrylamide , which is a neurotoxin and carcinogen .
Acrylamide is formed when foods are exposed to high temperatures through deep - frying or baking .
Studies done showed that acrylamide in fast foods was 300 times higher than what the Environmental Protection Agency allowed in a typical glass of water .
Dale Hattis , a researcher at Clark University , estimated that the substance causes more than a thousand cancers per year in America .
Another reason not to eat these greasy spuds is you guessed it again trans fats , that magical stuff that raises your bad cholesterol levels and clogs your arteries .
6 ) Soda
Whats so unfortunate about soda is that it has become a major staple in the Western World , with millions of kids and adults drinking a few cans of soda every day .
The beverage seems to have completely replaced drinking water for many people , resulting in massive weight gains , tooth decay , and millions of diabetes cases in America .
On the average , 50 - 80 % of American kids drink at least a can of soda every day .
Soda drinks are obviously devoid of nutritional value .
On the average , a can of soda might contain around 10 teaspoons of cialis générique sugar , 30 - 50 mg of caffeine , more than 100 calories , sweeteners , colorings , sulphites , and other substances equally hazardous to your health .
The original intent of soft drinks was being an occasional treat for people .
Nowadays it has blossomed into a destructive fad , prompting some health organizations to put cigarette - style warnings on every bottle or can of soda , and even raising the taxes on soda products .
Well , there you have it .
If youve noticed , all of the items in this medical advice list have one thing in common : aside from having trans fats in them , these are all processed foods and drinks .
It would do well if we could eat homemade food made from fresh , organic products , rather than sacrifice our health in favor of comfort , convenience , and time .
Hopefully , the remedy to a healthy lifestyle and plans for health diets is already obvious for all of us .
If we just mentioned your entire diet , well … sorry folks , but yoga sessions and yogurt servings are on the house for you .
August is now on the downslope , and back - to - school is racing toward us .
In fact , many law schools begin today .
So let 's close out our Monday with another look at education & the law .
The NYT's City Room blog reports that Roy Den Hollander ( pictured ) -- " a Manhattan lawyer and a self - described antifeminist " who in the past year has sued nightclubs for favoring women by offering ladies ' night discounts and has sued the federal government over a law that protects women from violence -- is now setting his sights on Columbia University ....
NASA 's doing something cool : they 're letting people vote on the name for Node 3 on the International Space Station .
Node 3 is a connecting module , letting space dwellers go from one section of the ISS to another .
The very cool thing ?
The name Serenity is winning !
So I urge all BABloggees who are also Browncoats to go and make sure Captain Tightpants ' ride becomes enshrined in space history .
Voting lasts until March 20th , so vote early and vote often .
Serenity logo courtesy collinrego's Flickr photostream .
Greenspan told FT that the nationalization of U.S. banks may be the last " bad option " to fix this economy .
" It may be necessary to temporarily nationalize some banks in order to facilitate a swift and orderly restructuring , " he said .
" I understand that once in a hundred years this is what you do . "
" Speaking to the FT ahead of his speech to the Economic Club of New York last night , Mr Greenspan said that “ in some cases , the least bad solution is for the government to take temporary control ” of troubled banks either through the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or some other mechanism , " reports FT .
According to the newspaper Lindsey Graham , a Republican senator for South Carolina , said that many of his colleagues , including John McCain , agreed with his view that nationalization of some banks should be “ on the table ” .
It 's an old legend that anyone who gets the name of their sweetheart tattooed on their body is heading straight for a breakup .
But what if you get a tattoo of your employer 's logo ?
Techflash brings us the sad story of Dan Woodman , who was so enthused about working for Microsoft ( MSFT ) in July 2008 he got a tattoo of an unofficial Microsoft logo being bandied about : " The blue monster . "
But the tattoo was n't enough -- Dan took a picture of it , and uploaded his pride to a new blog he started about his work at the company , with the first entry titled : " I LOVE this company ! "
Unfortunately enough for Dan , only six months later his position was one of the thousands of layoffs at Microsoft .
But we respect Dan for his optimism -- he 's keeping the tattoo , in the hopes he someday might return to Redmond .
One of the questions I have been hearing often involves my very first blog post on this site -- " What about the Blue Monster ? "
The truth is , I have n't regretted that tattoo since I got it and now is no exception .
The Blue Monster is staying . :)
Working at Microsoft has been the greatest experience of my life and I have no desire to forget about it .
And even if I do n't get back into Microsoft right away ( which is , by the way , my plan ! ) , then I have a reminder that even outside of Microsoft , I need to do my best to change the world every single day .
Good luck .
See Also :
Senator To Microsoft : What Was That You Said About Wanting More H - 1B Workers ?
Microsoft Layoffs To Be Centered On Redmond HQ
Microsoft Blows Q2 , Firing 5,000
GSP exclusive interview
UFC welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre , having grown weary of answering questions related to his immediate past , has turned his attention toward the next formidable challenge placed in his path -- Thiago Alves “ Thiago Alves , no doubt , is the biggest challenge of my career , ” St. Pierre told Sherdog.com in an exclusive video interview .
“ He has done stuff nobody has done before .
It ’s going to be a very , very tough fight .
” Alves ( 16 - 3 ) has rattled off seven consecutive wins , the last three against top 10 welterweights Karo Parisyan Matt Hughes and Josh Koscheck .
Ten of the 25 - year - old Brazilian destroyer ’s 16 career victories have come by knockout or technical knockout , as he has emerged as perhaps the most - feared striker in the welterweight division .
St. Pierre ( 18 - 2 ) throttled lightweight titleholder B.J. Penn in their hyped UFC 94 rematch in January and will carry a five - fight winning streak into his next bout .
Allegations of “ greasing ” continue to dog the 27 - year - old Canadian in wake of his rout of Penn , which saw him pass the Hawaiian ’s feared guard with surprising ease en route to a fourth - round TKO .
Penn declined to come out of his corner for the fifth round .
“ He said I was a quitter , ” St. Pierre said .
“ I ’m not the one who did n’t come back for the fifth round .
” Check out Greg Savage ’s full interview with St. Pierre and watch the welterweight king discuss the Vaseline controversy involving cornermen Phil Nurse and Greg Jackson , along with what direction he thinks Penn should head after the most lopsided loss of his career .
As I noted in Copypats , many non-specialists and proponents of IP erroneously believe that copying is an element of patent infringement -- they conceive of the typical patent infringer as some bad guy who knocked off , or " stole , " the patentee - inventor 's idea .
They are usually unaware that proving copying is neither necessary nor sufficient to prove patent infringement .
It 's not necessary because even an independent inventor can be guilty of patent infringement .
It 's not sufficient because the patent may be invalid , or the copier may make changes to " design around " the patented invention ( which is encouraged by patent policy -- that 's one reason the patent is published ) .
But it is common to charge the patent infringer , especially the idea copier , with theft -- he stole the idea , it is said .
But if we think about standard cases of theft that we all agree are criticizeable , what is it about them that we object to ?
Is it that the thief now has a bicycle ?
Or is it that the owner now does n't have his bicycle ?
Of course it is the latter .
If you have a bike , or car , or log cabin , or corn crop , and I could gaze at it from afar , blink my eyes , and conjur up a similar bike , car , cabin , or crop for myself , I do not steal your things .
But if I take your bike or car from you , or oust you from home and farm , you no longer have the things you formerly possessed and owned .
That is the damage done to you by theft .
This corresponds nicely to the very nature and function of property rights : the need for them arises when people need to use scarce resources as means to act in the world , and appropriate unowned ones .
The scarce nature of these things is such that use by one person excludes that by another ; the goods are rivalrous .
( More on this in How We Come to Own Ourselves ; Defending Argumentation Ethics ; Owning Thoughts and Labor . )
But copying or emulating someone else 's idea is not " taking " it from them ; it is not theft .
The originator of a given pattern still has his idea , and is free to use it in guiding his action and using or transforming his own property .
This is why all arguments in favor of IP ( and reputation rights ) ultimately end up falling prey to the notion that there are property rights in the value of property , rather than in its physical integrity .
But this view is fallacious , as shown by Hoppe and others .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Feeney Catches a Break : Appellate Court Limits Allowable Evidence in Federal Investigation "
( 11 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/6/2009 @ 1:30 pm PT ...
Wow , a snap ruling on a huge , nationally important decision makes me skeptical that this was rammed through before Holder fully takes the reins at the Justice Dept .
From the wapo article ,
" In this instance , the judges , Stephen F. Williams , Douglas H. Ginsburg and Brett M. Kavanaugh , issued the order hours after hearing oral arguments on Jan. 23 , according to sources and a terse docket entry .
The sources said the order and lack of clarity surrounding it will temporarily halt aspects of the Feeney investigation and could compromise the government 's case .
Depending on the scope of the opinion , other investigations may also be affected , the sources said . "
And also from wapo's article ,
" … Legal experts said it was unusual for an appeals court to issue an order the same day as oral arguments .
" It signals they feel strongly about the issue , " said John O'Quinn , a former top Justice Department official , who has no knowledge of the Feeney investigation .
O'Quinn and other experts said the court may have wanted to halt " imminent " grand jury proceedings involving Feeney . "
An oh yeah , did I mention all 3 judges were appointed by , you guessed it ... republicans .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brett_Kavanaugh
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_F._Williams
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_Ginsburg
Although , I found this interesting in the article about Ginsburg ,
" … Citing the " speech or debate " clause , a panel on the same court ruled 2 to 1 in August 2007 that FBI agents violated the rights of former representative William J. Jefferson ( D - La. ) when they searched his congressional office without consent .
The court said that members of Congress have the right to review documents sought by investigators .
Under the ruling , lawmakers can seek to withhold documents , which are later reviewed by a judge to determine whether prosecutors may see them .
Ginsburg , one of the judges in the Feeney case , sided with Jefferson . "
But still , is this what we need , courts protecting possible criminal activity by congress members ?
I sure hope they do n't take forever releasing their opinions so its forgotten down the crisis memory hole .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 2/6/2009 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
Do n't think this will hold up .
They are all just stalling .
When are judges and prosecutors who withhold evidence or squelch , as in this case , going to be fired and prosecuted ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Alexander Woods said on 2/6/2009 @ 10:46 pm PT ...
They should suspend all the rules for Feeney .
The man is a complete crook and has betrayed the public trust time and time again .
I 'm in his district , and I can say with confidence that voters made the right decision in November .
Let 's hope Kosmas does better ; the bar is set pretty low .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 2/7/2009 @ 4:19 am PT ...
Feeney Feeney bo beeney , banana bana fo eeny , fee fi fo meeney , Feeney !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/7/2009 @ 6:51 am PT ...
With the corruption of our justice system and the stacking of the courts , reining in abuses of power has gotten all but miraculously possible .
But if no attempt is made to do just that , you can kiss your children ’s children future in a viable democracy good bye .
The imperceptibly gradual lead up to this brazen deconstruction of our democratic American way of life has taken place since the last failed coup attempt in 1930s .
“ Quote from : Naomi Wolf
" A small group of people began very systematically to use the law and dismantle the Constitution and put pressure on citizens to subvert the law - and that opened the door for everything that followed , " When I started reading , not only are tactics and strategy being reproduced exactly right now by the Bush administration - but actual sound bytes and language and images and scenarios are being reproduced .
Everybody that wants to close down a Democracy does the exact same ten things , the same classic steps and unfortunately we 're starting to see these ten steps being put in place in the United States .
There was a scheme in the 30's and Prescott Bush was one of the leaders of this scheme , an industrialist who admired fascism and thought that was a good idea - to have a coup in the United States along the lines of the coup they saw taking place in Italy and Germany .
Smedley Butler had been involved with violent regime change throughout his career , but he was approached by these conspirators , including Prescott Bush , and he outed them and he testified to Congress that they were planning a coup in the United States - it's in the Congressional record .
The coup was being bankrolled by German industrialist and one of Hitler 's chief financiers Fritz Thyssen .
What is amazing to me and resonant to me is that when the Nuremberg trials were finally put in place , these Nazi industrialists , some of whom had colluded with Americans including IBM , were about to be brought to trial and sent to prison - there was a moment at which they were going to look into turning the spotlight on their American partners .
The family history is that you can make so much money uniting corporate interests with a fascist state that violently represses people , that 's why when I saw the recycling of so much Nazi language , Nazi tactics , Nazi strategies , Nazi imagery in the Bush White House and then finally belatedly people brought to me this history of Prescott Bush 's attempted coup and Smedley Butler 's revelations - it gives me absolute chills .
History shows the only safe course for preserving freedom in such a climate is to prosecute and jail the protagonists of the coup as early as possible , a process many would argue should have been enacted several years ago . "
Here are the ten steps to help you put our recent history in perspective : “ Her ten steps ; 1 . Invoke a terrifying internal and external enemy
2. Create a gulag
3. Develop a thug caste
4 . Set up an internal surveillance system
5. Harass citizens ' groups
6 . Engage in arbitrary detention and release
7 . Target key individuals
8. Control the press
9 . Dissent equals treason
10 .
Suspend the rule of law Add on top of that KKKarl ’s machiavellian centralization of power by any means possible like propagandizing in the media they now own :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machiavelli and blow your face off ’s expansion and tortured distortion of executive power : http://levin.senate.gov/...008/Detainees.121108.pdf and bingo , you have the total meltdown we are experiencing right now !
They are salivating for President Obama to fail , even going so far as to outright call for his “ implosion ” as a joy during a time of war , when just a scant few months ago to even question their administration would get you labeled “ unpatriotic . ”
Just a little something to ponder over a thawing weekend !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 2/7/2009 @ 7:59 am PT ...
( Article swiped from a Slashdot post and reformatted with comment . )
EAC Certifies MicroVote EMS 4.0 Voting System Instead of " How Does a Voting System Get Certified by the EAC ? " should n't we be asking , " How Does a Voting System Get Outlawed by the EAC ? "
Until we can manage to motivate 4 million people to turn off their ABC , CBS , FOX , PBS , NBC , and quit wasting time blogging where nobody gives a crap , and get off the couch and into the streets of Washington DC , it 's going to be a dark night with no public oversight , where ballots of our future are counted !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/7/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
Great question Phil !
I have a way cool friend in dc if you ever need a place to stay .
And once again , do n't ya just love the timing of idiot boy 's lingering dumps .
PU , stinkin to high heaven !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 2/7/2009 @ 5:07 pm PT ...
So , supposedly a secret appellate court order curtails a grand jury investigation into one of the key Republicons behind secret vote counting and election fraud .
Amazingly , according to the United States Supreme Court , a grand jury is supposed to have virtually unlimited power to subpoena evidence and compel testimony .
For example , see Branzburg v. Hayes , 408 U.S. 665 , 700 ( 1972 ) .
It is amazing how often secret orders which are completely contrary to the rule of law get entered in cases dealing with election fraud .
For an example of some of the curious action taken to cover up the evidence from the election contests in which I represented Clint Curtis , John Russell , and others , see Justice in Florida 's Supreme Court and do n’t miss the documents at the links below the video .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/7/2009 @ 7:00 pm PT ...
For the record , Mark .
This case , as far as I know , has nothing to do with Election Fraud , other than it includes Feeney ( and his relationship to Abramoff ) .
As to " virtually unlimited power " , the keyword there is " virtually " .
In this case , a legitimate ( - ish ) argument seems to be being made concerning the separation between the branches of Government .
It was applied similarly in the William Jefferson ( D - LA ) case , and supported by Dems as well , on the basis of pushing back against unlimited power by the Executive to interfere with the Legislative branch I 'm not sure I disagree with proceeding very cautiously in that area , particularly on the basis that you 'll never have any idea what sorta person will be sitting in that Executive branch .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 2/8/2009 @ 10:44 am PT ...
It would be nice to see the motion for a protective order by Feeney , the DOJ response to it , the order issued on this by the judge presiding over the grand jury proceedings , the appellate briefs , and the appellate court 's order .
The question about the limits of a grand jury 's power is a very important one as the grand jury is supposed to be the means by which the people can hold those in government criminally accountable for their actions .
For more information about this , see What Happens When the People Lose the Power to Control Government
This article explains when control of the grand jury was usurped by the executive branch , and it highlights some of the serious consequences resulting from the citizens ' loss of this power .
Along those lines , I 'm not surprised that a prosecuting prince with the DOJ has n't brought up anything relating to election fraud in this proceeding .
After all , the people on the grand jury just might be interested in investigating that issue .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 2/10/2009 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
“ Of course , any individual could leave voluntarily , but we will never fire those employees against their will , ” Takahiro Ijichi , a senior managing director , told American analysts in a conference call .
“ We have never done that . ”
Image Toyota , which expects an operating loss of $ 3.9 billion in 2008 , plans to introduce a new version of its hybrid Prius in May .
Credit ...
Toru Yamanaka / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Toyota said it was still investing in hybrid-electric and compact vehicles and expected to introduce a new version of its popular Prius hybrid sedan in May .
At the Detroit auto show last month , the automaker said it would start selling the first dedicated hybrid model in its Lexus luxury brand this summer .
Sales in the United States have dropped by a third in recent months , but the company is planning new product lineups for regions around the world that it hopes will fare better in the tighter economic environment .
“ The financial problems have spread directly to the real economy , ” Mitsuo Kinoshita , an executive vice president , told reporters .
“ We can not tell what will happen next year but we hope we are now hitting the bottom . ”
Analysts were not sure that was the case .
“ Toyota is going to get worse before it gets better , ” said Tairiku Sakaguchi , an auto analyst at Shinko Securities in Tokyo .
“ The question is how quickly they can move to deal with inventory , excess production capacity and other problems . ”
On Friday , Toyota said it was pressing forward with an overhaul guided by a special Emergency Profit Improvement Committee , which the company established in November .
Besides cutting costs by 10 percent , the company said it was canceling or postponing the construction of plants worldwide .
It has already put off opening its plant in Blue Springs , Miss. , that had been scheduled to begin production in 2010 .
Toyota executives said the factory would not be scrapped .
Last night I greatly enjoyed watching fellow Tar Heel and my friend Anoop Desai perform on American Idol .
He did a great job and I think it looks like he should probably move on to the next round of twelve .
I must admit , though , that I would have most likely missed the broadcast of the performance if it were n't for online marketing efforts on behalf of Anoop .
I 'd never watched the show outside of his previous appearances , so I was completely clueless in regard to when it aired and the voting process .
However , the online marketing made me aware of his appearance and educated me on the overall process .
A quick Facebook search demonstrates this Idol 's online prowess .
His fan page and Anoop Desai : American Idol group have more than 15,000 supporters total .
These presences do n't simply stand alone but are part of an integrated online marketing campaign .
The groups were leveraged to reach out to members and organize " watch parties " around the country , send messages to members , provide resources for members to pass along to their friends , and more .
Furthermore , the IOMC leveraged other services such as Twitter , e-mail marketing , and online video .
The campaign spread so virally that my grandma even got an email urging her to use her AT&T phone to vote for Anoop .
Watching this all unfold got me incredibly excited for Anoop but also caused me to think about some of the online marketing lessons that are prevalent in the campaign to get him to the Top 12 .
Here are some takeaways that I think can apply to organizations marketing online :
Use a variety of online services .
This campaign featured elements ranging from Twitter to Facebook to classic e-mail .
Each included aspect has the potential to reach new people .
Do n't just limit yourself to one message medium , as you 're probably missing a large portion of your target audience .
.
This campaign featured elements ranging from Twitter to Facebook to classic e-mail .
Each included aspect has the potential to reach new people .
Do n't just limit yourself to one message medium , as you 're probably missing a large portion of your target audience .
Leverage the support of those close to you .
For Anoop , this meant his college friends that built the initial groups and organized the meetups .
For your brand it means your current customers , friends , and employees .
They will already be the most passionate about your success and brand , anyway .
. For Anoop , this meant his college friends that built the initial groups and organized the meetups .
For your brand it means your current customers , friends , and employees .
They will already be the most passionate about your success and brand , anyway .
Have your online efforts translate to offline mobilization .
There 's still little that can replace actual interaction with other people , so use your online marketing as a spark for people to galvanize around your brand in real life .
For Anoop , this meant organizing meetups .
For your brand , it means hosting conferences , events , etc. for your online " fans . "
This is specifically important to online marketing for political campaigns as they translate web support into boots on the ground .
There 's still little that can replace actual interaction with other people , so use your online marketing as a spark for people to galvanize around your brand in real life .
For Anoop , this meant organizing meetups .
For your brand , it means hosting conferences , events , etc. for your online " fans . "
This is specifically important to online marketing for political campaigns as they translate web support into boots on the ground .
Make it so easy to participate that people can't say no .
The different groups and emails gave you all of the necessary information to forward along to friends to push them to vote - it took no extra effort other than copying and pasting and typing in their e-mail addresses .
If you require too much effort people will resist helping spread your message ; take the little bit of extra time to have everything set up for them and it will pay off exponentially as your message spreads virally .
The different groups and emails gave you all of the necessary information to forward along to friends to push them to vote - it took no extra effort other than copying and pasting and typing in their e-mail addresses .
If you require too much effort people will resist helping spread your message ; take the little bit of extra time to have everything set up for them and it will pay off exponentially as your message spreads virally .
Do n't shove your message down people 's throats ; let it happen naturally .
I was n't subjected to dozens of emails or SPAM Twitter messages , because the message was allowed to spread on its own , which made me much more eager to participate .
For your brand , this means not SPAMMINGblogs with comments or projecting much more noise than signal in social networks .
If people trust you and your motives , they 'll be much happier to spread your message on their own , which will pay off in the long run .
Are there other successful online marketing techniques from this case that I left out ?
Have you seen other " celebrities " successfully leverage online marketing campaigns ?
Hope that you found this helpful and that you also voted for Anoop last night !
Wednesday March 25 , 2009
The ASF is ten years old today !
Celebrating a Decade of Open Source Leadership
Exactly ten years ago , Roy Fielding signed the Certificate of Incorporation of The Apache Software Foundation .
As I 'm writing this post , our chairman Jim Jagielski is giving the traditional " State of the Feather " talk at ApacheCon Europe 2009 .
Today , the ASF comprises nearly 300 individual Members and over 2,000 Committers collaborating across six continents - that makes our founders proud !
Our press team has collected some highlights of the last ten years , and they are impressive .
As part of its 10th Anniversary , the ASF will be highlighting various projects , initiatives , individuals , and organizations from the Apache community throughout the year .
The Foundation 's ongoing celebrations will culminate at ApacheCon US 2009 , taking place 2 - 6 November 2009 in Oakland , California .
Please join us in congratulating all the people who make the ASF possible , and who played a role in getting it to where it is today .
The ASF would go nowhere without the countless volunteers who are the backbone of the Foundation !
If you 're at ApacheCon , join us for the anniversary cake tonight , during the welcome reception at 6:30 PM .
And even if you 're not , help us spread the word !
And let 's get the comments counter up on this blog post !
Update 1 : The cake has been served .
Update 2 : Read the letter by Jim Jagielski , the ASF 's current chairman , about the ASF 's 10 year anniversary .
Update 3 : Tune in Friday to watch the keynote panel by ASF founders this Friday , steamed live from ApacheCon Europe !
Posted at 09:06 AM
Mar 25 , 2009 by bdelacretaz in Milestones | |
In 2000 , we opened a design studio and were in search of a name .
Eventually , we landed on smashLAB , reasoning it represented one part creativity , and one part method .
At the time , there were no others using the moniker and , with the URL available , we ran with it .
As years passed , other groups used the same name .
For the most part this was n’t a big deal–until a new Discovery Channel program did the same .
You see , their program was so poorly received that references to it were overwhelmingly critical .
In fact , if you ran a search for our name , you were most likely to find results like “ Smash Lab = Fail . ”
( Not good . )
In the months that followed , a lot of weird people got in touch with us .
A taxi company in Los Angeles wanted us to use their decommissioned cabs in explosions .
We received extensive ( and rather bewildering ) schematics for complex experiments .
Heck , even a prison inmate sent us some “ interesting ” fan mail .
This whole experience became quite tiresome , and we feared this confusion would damage our brand .
Sure , we could have fought the program over the use of this name , but we would have lost .
Although smashLAB was ( and is ) a trademarked name , our agent explained that the television program was in a sufficiently different industry .
Thus , they were not infringing on our intellectual property .
Besides , we were savvy enough to realize that fighting a large television network would have cost us more than we would have ever won .
We contemplated changing our name , but doing so seemed like an admission of defeat .
What precedent would we set by just rolling over ?
And if we were to give up so easily once , what would protect any new name we ’d create , in the event of a similar situation ?
Then , it struck us : why not just have some fun with the whole thing ?
As marketers , we had an opportunity to make some noise , and perhaps generate some added visibility for ourselves .
Over the course of the next three hours , we registered the domain smashlabsucks.com and wrote an open letter asking The Discovery Channel not to stop using the name , but rather to make their program , “ suck less . ”
Many shared our playful letter , and seemed to enjoy our cheeky sense of humor .
( Others , thought us immature brats , but we were OK with that , too . )
The best part was when our letter received kudos from the people at TechCrunch , adding fuel to the fire .
By day ’s end , many tens of thousands had visited our site .
The Discovery Channel also reach out to us , and wanted to know how we wanted to proceed .
We explained our studio had no expectations , nor requests for them to do anything .
Instead , we wanted to make light of a situation that had been kind of crummy for us .
Their representative agreed that our approach was rather funny — and noted that they had little intention of renewing the program .
Eventually , the television program died , with a whimper , and any brand confusion slowly ceased to be .
However , a few years later , one of the program ’s creators reached out to say hello .
A pleasant fellow , he apologized for poaching the name , and acknowledged that although our letter initially hurt , he ’d later come to find it amusing .
( He also added that their show did kind of suck . )
The point of this story :
You might not be able to use traditional approaches of fighting back when you ’re up against a big adversary , but that should n’t stop you from having a couple of laughs .
Perhaps you ’ll even create a little buzz for your company along the way .
Take it easy ,
Eric and Eric
Via DownWithTyranny , we get some of the best lines yet to describe the self - anointed leader of the Republican Party :
Alan Grayson , the outspoken member from Orlando , as usual , was n’t mincing words : “ Rush Limbaugh is a has - been hypocrite loser , who craves attention .
His right - wing lunacy sounds like Mikhail Gorbachev , extolling the virtues of communism .
Limbaugh actually was more lucid when he was a drug addict .
If America ever did 1 % of what he wanted us to do , then we ’d all need pain killers . ”
Thank you , Congressman Grayson .
More must - see Grayson .
Watch him grill the Vice Chair of the Fed a couple weeks ago about $ 1.2 trillion of your money :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mj0JAfq4esk]
Fearless and very smart .
S I N A T R A
Sinatra is a DSL for quickly creating web applications in Ruby with minimal effort :
His tale is similar to thousands of others .
He had needed a new car and went to his bank for a loan – Icelanders , for so long a frugal people dependent on fish and agriculture , have become as addicted to debt as the British .
His lender suggested using a " currency basket " , made up of different strong currencies , to buy a secondhand Cadillac from America because the krona was weak .
The little currency had suffered from volatility in the past but no one predicted what came next .
In October , the banking system imploded under the weight of an enormous mountain of debt .
The three big banks had boasted assets many times the size of the country 's GDP , but their liabilities were of a similar order .
When the government nationalised the banks , it was left with liabilities in excess of $ 60 billion ( £ 40 billion ) , more than three times GDP .
The krona nose - dived and borrowers like the taxi driver woke up one cloudy morning to discover that , in krona terms , their loans had doubled in size .
With the krona effectively dead , the country has been forced to seek the shelter of a bigger currency – probably the euro .
by Chip Camden
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Way back in the dark ages when I first started programming in BASIC , the first stumblingblock I encountered on my quest for programmerhood was the statement :
X = X + 1
My High School algebra training screamed out , “ That ’s an unsolvable equation ! ” I soon learned that the above is not an equation at all , but rather a command .
It ’s not a statement of fact , it ’s an instruction to alter a fact .
This command begins with an implied “ LET ” ( in some BASIC versions , “ LET ” is even required ) and the correct interpretation of the command relies not only on the previous value of X , but also on the fact that the right side is evaluated before the assignment occurs .
I may have had good reason to be uneasy about statements like this one , which change the state of a program when executed .
They ’re the bread and butter of imperative programming , but there is an alternative : functional programming , or FP for short .
Functional programming seeks to eliminate the need for program state by expressing all computations in the form of functions that take arguments and return values , without introducing side effects .
Those functions read much more like functions in mathematics , where “ X = X + 1 ” could never work .
In fact , functional programming is based on the lambda calculus , which is a mathematical system for investigating functions .
Thinking functionally , “ X + 1 ” is really syntactic sugar for an “ add ” function that takes two arguments , X and 1 .
The reassignment of the result to X , however , creates a situation where program state is dependent on how many times we ’ve executed this piece of code .
In truly functional programming , that reassignment would not be allowed .
Instead , the result could be assigned to a new variable , and the scope of that assignment would be clearly delineated .
For instance , in Haskell :
let y = x + 1
in dosomethingwith y
The value of x + 1 ( which is shorthand for “ add x 1 ” ) is assigned to a variable y that is defined for the statement “ dosomethingwith y ” ( assuming here that the function “ dosomethingwith ” is defined elsewhere ) .
Note that outside the “ in ” clause , “ y ” is undefined .
If you need the value of y outside this statement , then it must be returned .
What do these restrictions buy you ?
A little thing called referential transparency , for one .
For any set of arguments to a given function , that function will always return the same value .
The function is n’t modifying some persistent state that will make it behave differently , depending .
The advantage is that you can employ the function in any context and rely on its results .
It not only makes understanding the code easier , but it also facilitates moving things around without breaking them .
As you might expect , avoiding program state changes makes looping difficult .
Functional languages tend to use recursion instead .
For instance , to count from 1 to 10 in Lisp :
( defun count ( start end ) ( cond ( ( < start end ) ( cons start ( count (+ 1 start ) end ) ) ) (t ( list start ) ) ) )
( count 1 10 )
The function “ count ” defines counting from start to end as a list composed of start followed by counting from start + 1 to end — unless start is not less than end , in which case it ’s just a list composed of start .
This function recurses until start and end are equal , then concatenates the list in reverse order as it unwinds ( We could have included a case to handle if start is greater than end , but we ’re keeping the example simple here .
As it stands , that case would simply return a list containing only start ) .
In case you ’re not used to Lisp , let ’s translate that logic into JavaScript :
function count ( start , end ) { if ( start < end ) return start + ' ' + count ( start +1 , end ) ; return start .
toString ( ) ; }
alert ( count ( 1,10 ) ) ;
Using this approach instead of a “ for ” loop means never having to worry if someone reuses the variable “ i ” .
On the other hand , languages that do n’t optimize recursion well can quickly degrade in performance when this technique is overused .
Another feature of functional languages is the ability to pass functions as arguments to functions , and call those function arguments as needed ( known as “ lazy evaluation ” ) .
In many languages , whenever you encounter a function reference , the function is evaluated and the result is returned in its place before anything else happens .
But in a language that supports higher - order functions and lazy evaluation , the function is not evaluated until the function to which it is being passed decides to do so .
This is most useful for passing callbacks to handle special cases and events .
In many languages , you have the option of doing either one .
For instance , in JavaScript :
function doit ( ) { alert ( " ya ! " ) ; return null;}
function test ( arg ) { alert ( " in test ! " ) ; if ( arg != null ) arg ( ) ; }
test ( doit ( ) ) ; //
Eager evaluation
test ( doit ) ; // Lazy evaluation
The first call to test executes doit beforehand , while the second call does n’t execute doit until the third line of the test function .
Thus , the order of alerts in the code above is “ ya ! ” , “ in test ! ” , then “ in test ! ” , “ ya ! ” .
The parentheses on the function argument ( or not ) indicates whether to invoke the function immediately or simply pass a reference to it .
Lisp is the first language to be based on the lambda calculus , and it was first specified in 1958 .
It boggles the mind to realize how much more advanced Lisp was ( and still is ) than its contemporaries , especially back in the days of Fortran and COBOL .
Programming languages ever since have learned from Lisp , especially as functional languages have become more popular .
But Lisp is not a purely functional language .
It supports multiple programming paradigms , and it allows you to create side - effects , like modifying program variables during the execution of a function .
A couple of pure functional languages are gaining in popularity : Haskell and Erlang .
Most other languages that support functional programming are actually multi-paradigmatic , providing imperative and object - oriented features as well .
These include ( but are by no means limited to ) Scheme and Clojure ( more functional Lisp dialects ) , OCaml , F# ( pretty much OCaml for .
NET ) , Ruby , Python , JavaScript , and Perl .
Even C# and Java have added some functional support , notably lambdas .
It ’s also possible to use a functional style in some languages that do n’t specifically provide support for FP .
For instance , even in C you can compose an application entirely from functions , avoid creating side - effects within them , and pass functions as arguments with lazy evaluation ( using function pointers ) .
There are many other features generally associated with functional programming that we do n’t have space to cover here — for instance , lexical closures and continuations .
While not strictly required to qualify a language as supporting FP , they certainly make the functional programming paradigm more powerful .
How does functional programming relate to object - oriented programming ?
OOP concentrates on modeling the actors in an application , and using methods to describe the functions that each one can perform .
FP starts instead from the overall process , and includes objects only as needed .
Sometimes one paradigm works better , sometimes the other .
For instance , objects are useful when describing complex systems with many parts , like an ERP application .
Mathematical computations and document composition , on the other hand , are processes that often really do n’t need any discussion of the actors involved .
The reason so many so - called functional languages actually support both paradigms is because both are useful in different situations , and often in combination .
This post is part 5 in a series on the history of programming languages .
Here are links to parts 1 through 4 :
( edited for code indentation )
I 'm not really sure how to start this , so I 'll use some links to help : Example
Example
Example I do n't doubt there are several more .
These cartoons have punch - lines derived or directly taken from comments posted on the weblog MetaFilter .
I used them unthinkingly without attribution .
Some of the users of MeFi rightfully became upset .
I 'm not a fan of making people angry ( other than , say , extreme - [ right |left ] - wingers ) , so I 'm posting this for full disclosure in an attempt to make it right .
Since I offered no attribution or asked for permission , over the last couple of years I 've infringed on the expression of ideas of some ( who I think are ) clever people .
Plagiarized .
My hypocrisy seems to know no bounds , as an infamous gunman was once heard saying .
I sincerely apologize to my readers and to the original authors .
I offer no excuses and accept full blame and responsibility .
As a result , I 'll be modifying the cartoons in question .
No , it wo n't happen again .
Yes , I 've immersed myself in mild acid .
This has a vague connection to the April Fools Joke of 1999 in feeling .
Bad judgement , bad result .
WARSAW , Feb 10 : Internal divisions within Pakistan ’s government apparatus hampered efforts to save the life of a Polish hostage beheaded by Taliban militants , Poland ’s foreign minister said on Tuesday .
“ That the ( Islamabad ) government cannot count on the loyalty of all of its officers and officials is a sad reality , ” Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski told a news conference after a weekly cabinet meeting dominated by the killing of Piotr Stanczak .
“ This was an obstacle in our cooperation , but nevertheless we had cooperation ( from the Pakistani side ) , ” said Mr Sikorski , who as a journalist in the 1980s spent time in the region with Afghan guerrillas battling Soviet troops .
The media have quoted Justice Minister Andrzej Czuma as saying after the beheading that Polish intelligence knew the identity of Mr Stanczak ’s kidnappers and their “ friends in the Pakistani government ” .
Prime Minister Donald Tusk on Tuesday termed Mr Czuma ’s comments “ very unfortunate ” and said the minister — in his job barely three weeks — would not be authorised to comment on this case in future .
Mr Tusk said he did not know whether Pakistan had done all it could to help free Mr Stanczak , adding : “ All I can say is that they were very well aware how important this issue was for us . ”
Mr Sikorski dismissed suggestions that Warsaw was inactive in trying to secure Mr Stanczak ’s release and said the militants had not been interested in ransom money .
“ We had to deal with people who are evil in a pure form , whose perverted sense of honour is based on cruelty , ” he said .
Meanwhile , the Polish foreign minister on Tuesday asked the US for support in hunting down the Taliban militants suspected in the beheading of engineer .
Radoslaw Sikorski said Poland ’s ambassador in Washington had submitted a note to the US State Department “ with a request for support for our efforts to capture the killers . ”
In Washington , State Department spokesman Robert Wood said he had not yet heard of the request .
“ But of course , should they come to us with a request for assistance , we will do whatever we can . ”
Sikorski said Poland was also offering a $ 290,000 reward for information that would lead to the arrest of the killers of Stanczak .
—
Agencies
I spent the first 15 years of my professional life unwilling to recognize a difference between bioinformatics and computational biology .
It was not because I did n’t think that there was or could be a difference , but because I thought the difference was not significant .
I have changed my position on this .
I now believe that they are quite different and worth distinguishing .
For me ,
Computational biology = the study of biology using computational techniques .
The goal is to learn new biology , knowledge about living sytems .
It is about science .
Bioinformatics = the creation of tools ( algorithms , databases ) that solve problems .
The goal is to build useful tools that work on biological data .
It is about engineering .
All this became important to me when I finally joined a bioengineering department , and I was forced to ask myself if I was a scientist or an engineer .
I am both , and now am at peace .
When I build a method ( usually as software , and with my staff , students , post - docs – I never unfortunately do it myself anymore ) , I am engaging in an engineering activity : I design it to have certain performance characteristics , I build it using best engineering practices , I validate that it performs as I intended , and I create it to solve not just a single problem , but a class of similar problems that all should be solvable with the software .
I then write papers about the method , and these are engineering papers .
This is bioinformatics .
When I use my method ( or those of others ) to answer a biological question , I am doing science .
I am learning new biology .
The criteria for success has little to do with the computational tools that I use , and is all about whether the new biology is true and has been validated appropriately and to the standards of evidence expected among the biological community .
The papers that result report new biological knowledge and are science papers .
This is computational biology .
As I look at my published work I have always tried to balance the publications in biological / medical journals and those in engineering / informatics journals .
It is an aesthetic really , there is no reason why one should feel compelled to do this .
However , it is useful to know when you are doing biology and when you are doing something else .
I suppose someone can argue with the my use of the term “ bioinformatics ” as an engineering discipline .
That ’s fine –I ’m open to a different term .
But I would ask why bioinformatics is n’t good .
I think computational biology is more solid–the ‘ biology ’ is clearly the noun and the ‘ computational ’ is clearly the adjective .
Sean Chick ( Formerly Paul O'Sullivan )
United States
New Orleans
Louisiana
Fag an bealac !
Riam nar druid ar sbarin lann !
Cuimhnigidh ar Luimnech agus feall na Sassonach !
Erin go Bragh !
Remember Limerick !
Remember Ireland and Fontenoy !
Well , I 'm afraid it 'll have to wait .
Whatever it was , I 'm sure it was better than my plan to get out of this by pretending to be mad .
I mean , who would have noticed another madman round here ?
R&B ; star Rihanna is cooperating with investigators building a domestic violence case against her boyfriend , the singer Chris Brown , a police source said Monday .
The source said the 20 - year - old performer , whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , was providing “ ongoing ” cooperation to detectives who booked Brown on Sunday on suspicion of making criminal threats against her .
An early morning altercation with Brown after a pre-Grammy Awards party left Rihanna with bruises and a scratch on her face , according to police sources .
She was treated at a “ major medical facility , ” a police source said .
Brown , 19 , has a double - platinum record and dance moves often compared to Michael Jackson’s .
He fled before officers arrived , police said .
Advertisement
He remained free on $ 50,000 bail , but neither he nor his attorney would speak about allegations that rocked the Grammys ceremony .
Brown and Rihanna were both nominated ; neither attended the ceremony .
The fight occurred after midnight on a quiet block in Hancock Park , where Brown had stopped a rented Lamborghini he was driving .
According to police , several people saw or heard a loud , violent confrontation .
The luxury car was impounded because the alleged assault may have begun in the vehicle , a police source said .
Commercial fallout began Monday , when the makers of Doublemint gum suspended an endorsement deal .
A commercial in which Brown dances and sings a version of the gum ’s jingle aired during the Grammys .
By then , many viewers knew of the accusations against him .
“ Wrigley is concerned by the serious allegations made against Chris Brown .
We believe Mr. Brown should be afforded the same due process as any citizen .
However , we have made the decision to suspend the current advertising featuring Brown and any related marketing communications until the matter is resolved , ” the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said in a statement .
Advertisement
--
richard.winton@latimes.com
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
Times staff writer Andrew Blankstein contributed to this report .
Killerspiele verbessern die Sehfähigkeit Florian Rötzer
Durch Training an Ego - Shootern wird die Kontrastempfindlichkeit erhöht , was natürlich auch das Zielen und Töten mit wirklichen Waffen verbessert
Killerspiele sind durch den Amoklauf in Winnenden einmal wieder mit dafür verantwortlich gemacht worden , dass junge Menschen losziehen , um sich in einem Rachefeldzug durch ein suizidales Spektakel von der Welt verabschieden und in ein mediales Nachleben eintreten .
Killerspiele , also Ego - Shooter , in denen der Spieler aus der Ich - Perspektive um sich ballert oder auf andere Weise Spielfiguren mehr oder weniger drastisch massakriert , sollen , zumindest bei manchen labilen Personen , die Tötungshemmung abbauen , heißt es , und die Gewaltbereitschaft verstärken .
Britische und israelische Wissenschaftler von der University of Rochester und der Universität Tel Aviv berichten nun davon , dass Killerspiele auch Wahrnehmungsleistungen verbessern .
Abnehmender Kontrast .
Bild : University of Rochester
Zwar ist schon lange bekannt , dass vornehmlich Actionspiele , bei denen schnell entschieden und gehandelt werden muss , sensomotorische Reaktionen und Hand - Auge - Koordination verbessern .
In ihrer Studie , erschienen in Nature Neuroscience , konnten die Wissenschaftler zeigen , dass Killerspiele die Kontrastempfindlichkeit und damit allgemein die Sehschärfe der Augen verbessern .
Für die Studie wurden 22 Studenten als Versuchspersonen in zwei Gruppen aufgeteilt .
Die eine spielte 50 Stunden lang während 9 Wochen über " Unreal Tournament 2004 " und " Call of Duty 2 , die andere " The Sims 2 " , ein komplexes Spiel , das aber keine schnellen und präzisen visuellen Aufgaben wie Zielen verlangt .
Die an Killerspielen trainierten Versuchspersonen zeigten eine 43 prozentige Verbesserung ihrer Fähigkeit , Graustufen zu unterscheiden .
Das Ergebnis des Trainings ist wenig verwunderlich .
Die Ego - Shooter - Spiele verbessern die visuelle Wahrnehmungsleistung , indem sie die Kontrastempfindlichkeit erhöhen .
Das weist nach den Wissenschaftlern auch auf die Plastizität der Augen von Erwachsenen hin , die durch Training beeinflussbar sind .
Das könne bedeutsam vor allem dafür sein , wenn man nachts oder unter schwierigen Bedingungen Auto fährt oder wenn man liest .
Zudem mache die Studie deutlich , dass die Aussetzung an Computerschildschirme den Augen nicht automatisch schade .
Die positiven Ergebnisse des Trainings mit Computerspielen würden lange anhalten .
Daher könne man solche Computerspiele auch therapeutisch nutzen , um die Sehfähigkeit zu verbessern .
Möglicherweise könne man Computerspiele auch verwenden , um Menschen , deren Augen geschädigt sind , beizubringen , visuelle Informationen besser verarbeiten zu können .
Die Wissenschaftler betonen , dass eben nicht alle Computerspiele eine solche klinische Bedeutung haben .
Links ist die Kontrastempfindlichkeit um 58 Prozent höher .
Bild : University of Rochester
Das klingt selbstverständlich schön , ist aber auch militärisch interessant , worauf auch hinweist , dass die Studie u.a. vom Office of Naval Research gefördert wurde .
Gute sensomotorische Reaktionen , eine schnelle Hand - Auge - Koordination , eine exzelente Sehfähigkeit , gerade auch unter erschwerten Bedingungen mit geringen Kontrasten , brauchen natürlich auch Soldaten , Scharfschützen , Kriminelle und Killer im Selbstauftrag .
Auch diese könnten die Leistung ihrer Augen und ihre Zielgenauigkeit verbessern , wenn sie sich mit Killerspielen trainieren .
Dass dies von den Wissenschaftlern nicht erwähnt wird , ist erhellend .
Freilich ist die Verbesserung der Kontrastempfindlichkeit der Augen ein gutes Beispiel für Dual-use .
Man muss ja nicht mit echten Waffen machen , was im Killerspiel geübt wurde .
Aber wenn man es macht , scheint es nicht zu schaden .
Wie die Studie präsentiert wird , erinnert dies an Äußerungen von Vertretern der deutschen Waffenlobby , dass es doch gut sei , selbst Kinder frühzeitig mit Schusswaffen vertraut zu machen , weil sie damit Disziplin und Konzentration lernen .
Schusswaffen also als Therapeutikum , als heilsbringende Schule fürs Leben .
Allerdings ist das auch für Soldaten , Kriminelle oder Amokläufer gut , die ihre Ziele treffen wollen .
( Florian Rötzer )
Last week 's edition of Quirks and Quarks ( the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's national science show ) had a fascinating piece on some new research on very high - intensity , very short - duration exercise regimes .
The research , conducted by Dr. Jamie Timmons , an exercise biologist at Heriot - Watt University in Edinburgh , investigated the immediate and short - term benefits of a six - minute - per - week exercise regime consisting of multiple regular sets of hard sprinting on an exercise bicycle .
The conclusion was that this very short , intense workout schedule burns lots of excess glycogen from muscle tissue , which means that free glucose in the blood can be absorbed by muscles before doing damage to the cardiovascular system .
In other words , a sizable fraction of the cardiovascular benefits from the recommended seven - hour - per - week aerobic exercise can be realized in minutes .
Now , of course it 's better to exercise for seven hours a week .
But of course , most people do n't .
If it 's a choice between seven minutes and seven hours , seven hours is the way to go .
But if it 's a choice between seven minutes and nothing , seven minutes is surprisingly worthwhile .
Yes , it sounds like another one of those fly - by - night fitness fads , but there 's some pretty solid evidence that short , intense bursts of exercise do have some pretty impressive effects .
Dr. Jamie Timmons , an exercise biologist at Heriot - Watt University in Edinburgh , has been looking at how little exercise we can do and still get the protective benifits of being active — specifically , prevention of diabetes and heart disease .
Dr. Timmons has found that doing four 30 - second sprints on a stationary bike , twice a week , is as effective at preventing disease as much more time - intensive regimes .
The No - Sweat Workout
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Parts of the UK have struggled with a second day of disruption following their heaviest snowfalls in 18 years , which closed more than 6,000 schools .
Wales and south - west England bore the brunt of the snow on Tuesday , which is expected to move north .
South - east England saw further delays on roads and cancelled trains and flights , while gritters have struggled to reach some areas in the Pennines .
Forecasters warned more heavy snow could fall later in the week .
Council leaders have admitted stocks of grit have been massively depleted , but say they are unlikely to run out as supplies are being continuously restocked .
Although Monday night 's snowfall in northern England was not as heavy as had been forecast , many minor roads have witnessed tailbacks and heavy disruption .
Sledging death
Meanwhile , a 16 - year - old girl has died in hospital after being injured in a sledging accident in South Yorkshire .
Francesca Anobile , of Mosborough , Sheffield , was one of four girls hurt at Rother Valley Country Park , Rotherham , on Tuesday afternoon .
They had been using an improvised sledge which is understood to have gone through a barbed wire fence before striking another fence .
Snow was forecast to fall in eastern Scotland and the Borders on Tuesday evening , with further falls predicted for northern Scotland on Wednesday .
BBC weather forecaster Tomasz Schafernaker said the entire UK was likely to witness heavy frosts on Tuesday night , and there was a possibility of more significant , heavy snow showers in England and Wales at the end of the week .
" There is a risk of round two , " he said .
More than 6,000 UK schools were shut on Tuesday , including 578 in Wales , 450 in Hampshire , 428 in Birmingham , 400 in Essex and 350 in Leicester and Rutland .
Authorities including East Sussex , West Sussex , Somerset , East Staffordshire , Dudley , and Kent also closed schools .
Authorities have already announced that nearly 40 schools in Wales will remain closed on Wednesday .
Margaret Morrissey , of the Parents Outloud campaign group , said the decision to keep thousands of schools shut for a second day sent the wrong signals to children .
She added : " We are giving children the message that when things get difficult , you should just stay at home and have fun . "
Schools Secretary Ed Balls said he understood the frustration of working parents but believed many would have welcomed an early decision on school closures :
" Many parents , wanting to plan their arrangements for today , will be pleased to have certainty yesterday of what was going to happen , " he said .
In other developments :
• Two men have been airlifted to hospital following two separate incidents in which they have fallen from toboggans , in Sedgley , West Midlands .
They both suffered back injuries .
• Two military rescue helicopters assisted ambulance services in parts of Devon and Cornwall as roads became impassable following 10 cm of snow in some areas .
Meanwhile , trains on the East Coast Main Line were disrupted , with at least nine rail services between London and Leeds cancelled .
Services were badly affected on Southeastern and South West Trains into and out of London , with suspensions or reduced timetables on most routes .
Southern has now resumed operation of some services from Kent and the south coast , although suspensions are still in place on the London to Brighton route and others around Greater London .
The Association of Train Operating Companies ( Atoc ) said all operators should be running a normal , full - time service by Wednesday .
Eurostar services from St Pancras International are still suffering disruption and all train passengers are advised to check with National Rail Enquiries before setting out .
Transport for London said most bus routes were operating but three remained suspended , while all London Underground lines were now running , although experiencing delays .
Heathrow , Stansted , Gatwick and London City airports are all open but have suffered a second day of " significant delays and cancellations " .
Flights at Bristol , Glasgow , Edinburgh , Southampton and Aberdeen have also suffered disruption .
British Airways said diversions on Monday meant many planes had not been in the right places for their departures on Tuesday .
The Highways Agency is continuing to warn drivers in the worst - affected areas to travel only if their journey is essential .
Those who do venture out should be well prepared , it said .
We 've got enough grit to make sure that we can grit continuously for the next 12 days
Jenny Hart , Highways Agency
The number of car journeys made across its network on Monday evening was 31 % down on normal levels , according to the agency .
Tuesday 's rush hour was 26.5 % down on a normal morning .
An agency spokeswoman said 500 gritting lorries were being used to keep main routes open .
Jenny
Hart said : " We 're well prepared for everything that the snow throws at us at the moment .
We 've got enough grit to make sure that we can grit continuously for the next 12 days - that 's 18,000 tonnes of grit just in Yorkshire alone . "
All the main roads remain open in Scotland , which avoided the severe weather seen in England and Wales and saw temperatures mostly stay above freezing overnight .
The extent of the disruption to the transport network has prompted some criticism of the UK 's preparations for the snow .
BBC transport correspondent Tom Symonds said it was clear that local authorities did not have the resources to cope - but he said many experts believed it would not be worth the extra investment given the infrequency of such conditions .
The Fed has stepped into the breach , up to a point .
It has bought $ 350bn of commercial paper , and begun to buy $ 600 bn of mortgage bonds .
That helps .
But still it recoils from buying Treasuries , perhaps fearing that any move to " monetise " Washington 's deficit starts a slippery slope towards an Argentine fate .
Or perhaps Bernanke does n't believe his own assurances that the Fed can extract itself easily from emergency policies when the cycle turns .
Love Because of you , in gardens of blossoming flowers I ache from the
perfumes of spring .
I have forgotten your face , I no longer remember your hands ;
how did your lips feel on mine ?
Because of you , I love the white statues drowsing in the parks ,
the white statues that have neither voice nor sight .
I have forgotten your voice , your happy voice ; I have forgotten
your eyes .
Like a flower to its perfume , I am bound to my vague memory of
you .
I live with pain that is like a wound ; if you touch me , you will
do me irreparable harm .
Your caresses enfold me , like climbing vines on melancholy walls .
I have forgotten your love , yet I seem to glimpse you in every
window .
Because of you , the heady perfumes of summer pain me ; because
of you , I again seek out the signs that precipitate desires : shooting
stars , falling objects .
He wrote that he suspected the man was in his 20s and was either homeless , drunk or sleepwalking - or all three .
The smell of body odour confirmed Prager 's suspicions .
" There is no TP [ toilet paper ] in my bathroom - wonder if that is complicating things for him - was gonna wait for him to come out and kick him out , " Prager wrote .
By then , many of his Twitter followers were recommending that he call the police but Prager was contemplating whether to do that or " find a blunt object before opening the door " .
He had a gut feeling that the man was harmless .
Prager wrote 15 Twitter posts over about an hour before finally deciding to confront the man .
He put on his shoes and picked up a weapon .
" Debating calling cops but just feel it's not needed for some reason , " he wrote .
In true geeky web 2.0 style , Prager set up a live video stream via Ustream.tv and his followers watched while he dragged the man - who had passed out - from his bathroom .
The video , which has now been published on YouTube in two parts ( part one , part two ) , shows Prager escorting the man , who by then was not wearing pants , out of his apartment .
But before they reached the door the man collapsed on Prager 's bed .
" Get your ass out of my motherf --- ing bed .
You gotta get up , you gotta get up , and if I do n't stop yelling at you you 're just going to pass out , I can tell - I do n't even know who you are dude ! "
Prager yells in the video .
" Dude , is n't this a little weird for you ?
Maybe it 's normal , but this is n't normal for me . "
The man is unresponsive for a time before he finally gets up and walks out the door .
The pair can be seen talking for a while , but Prager struggles to extract any intelligible responses .
Prager then locks the door but the man tries to open it again for several minutes , before walking away .
Prager 's
Twitter followers said he was stupid for being too nice to the man and not calling the cops .
Some questioned whether it was a hoax but Prager assured them it was n't .
" Ok - I think the drama is over - intruder is out - door is locked - think I finally need some sleep , " Prager wrote in his last tweet before turning in for the night .
Russia ’s Federal Space Agency ( Roscosmos ) has announced its intentions to build a low - orbit space station , which , according to the agency , will support future exploration of the moon and Mars .
The project proposal is already on its way to be reviewed by the Russian government , along with a suggestion to extend the operational lifespan of the International Space Station ( ISS ) by five more years , setting its “ retirement date ” to 2020 .
A new Russian space station ?
( Credit : NASA )
“ We will soon propose to our government a project to construct a low - orbit complex , which could serve as a foundation for the implementation of the lunar program and later on – the Mars program , ” Alexei Krasnov , director of manned flight programs at Roscosmos , said in a news conference which was held in Moscow on January 29th .
“ We are looking at the moon in a mid-term perspective , and would want not only to go there and come back , but to establish a lunar base , which would allow us to start exploring Mars in the future . ”
The agency seeks both funding and legislative approval from the government , saying this program could greatly contribute to future development of Moon ’s resources and serve as a stepping - stone for further space exploration , including possible missions to Mars .
Details are yet scarce on the new space station , but scientists in Russia and worldwide have already set their eyes on Mars as the next milestone in space exploration .
With the construction of the ISS being behind schedule by at least five years , its pure operational period has shrunk to as little as five years .
This is due to recent estimates , according to which the space station ’s construction will be completed no earlier than 2010 , while its retirement date remains scheduled at 2015 .
The possibility of such a scenario has led many scientists to propose “ alternative uses ” for the ISS – among these an idea sto convert the ISS into some kind of an interplanetary transport vehicle , which will serve as the “ ultimate mother ship ” in manned planetary missions to the moon or even Mars .
While the idea does seem a bit “ sci - fi , ” some experts say it is in fact based on some strong logic – the ISS , which spans over 15,000 cubic feet of habitable space , is already set with relatively vast working and living areas .
Moreover , the craft , which can comfortably host at least five permanent crew members , can also repair itself using a robotic arm that can be controlled from the inside – all these do seem to make the space station a tested candidate for interplanetary travel .
Aiming for the Red Planet ( Credit : NASA ) Roscosmos is working hard to push the project forward in hopes it will bring the agency closer to realizing some of its most wished for ambitions , eventually allowing it to set up a base on the Moon and using it to launch the very first manned expedition to the Red Planet .
The major challenge currently standing in the way of Roscosmos is getting the approval and continued funding from all other ISS member states .
“ We are considering the extension of ISS service life at least until 2020 , but this decision must be adopted by the governments of all 15 countries participating in the project , ” said Krasnov .
Apart from the eleven members of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , the ISS project also includes NASA , the Canadian Space Agency , and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) .
Effective collaboration between the space agencies is crucial for the future of the project .
“ Everything depends on funding , the state of international partnerships , and perspective projects in the field ” – said Anatoly Perminov , head of the Russian Federal Space Agency .
TFOT has previously written a number of articles regarding the International Space Station – among these you can find our coverage following NASA ’s recently announced plans to outsource upcoming re-supply missions to the International Space Station .
You might also be interested in articles covering NASA ’s most recent space missions , such as the STS - 126
Financial Coup d’Etat & Your 401( k )
Catherine Austin Fitts ' Mapping the Real Deal
Financial Coup d’Etat & Your 401( k )
In 1997 , I had approximately $ 500,000 of assets sitting in a 401 ( k ) at T. Rowe Price .
The funds represented a portion of the money I saved while working on Wall Street .
After I left the Bush Administration , I used these funds , along with the proceeds of the sale of my house , to start a company called the Hamilton Securities Group .
It was not long before Hamilton Securities was successful and repaid my 401 ( k ) the funds that had given it life .
A few years later , the federal loan sale program for which Hamilton served as financial advisor was the target of a highly politicized “ investigation ” by the federal government .
A new Housing Secretary was eager to assist the Federal Reserve and Treasury in engineering a housing bubble : honest people had to go .
After a year of beating back false allegations , the government put my 401 ( k ) under audit .
My company ’s chief financial officer and I looked at each other and said , “ Uh- oh . ” Somebody was trying to prevent me from borrowing the money .
Sure enough , a few months later the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) created a pretext to withhold monies owed to Hamilton and demanded several hundred thousand dollars of contract close - outs .
Our bank received anonymous tips which persuaded them to pull our credit line .
Our insurance company breached its obligation to fund our attorneys .
And ( surprise , surprise ) our auditors said that the audit meant I could not arrange a loan from my 401 ( k ) to Hamilton Securities .
We were to learn in time that the auditors were quite dirty in the affair .
Fearless by nature , I closed out my 401 ( k ) without blinking an eye , paid $ 225,000 in taxes and penalties , and loaned the remaining money to Hamilton Securities for contract compliance and legal expenses .
I hired an excellent attorney on contingency and sued the federal government for the monies owed .
And we eventually won .
The moral of the story was that if you stand in the way of the largest housing bubble and pump and dump in history , it pays to have a nest egg .
After winning the case , my accountant hoped that some or all of the settlement would repay Hamilton ’s legal expenses .
Thrilled at the possibility , she said , “ The first thing we ’ll do is set up a new 401 ( k ) . ”
“ No , ” I said .
“ I will never have an IRA or 401 ( k ) again . ”
To this day , I never have .
Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me .
I assumed that my situation was unique – I hold highly visible positions – and that most people had nothing to worry about .
There are numerous benefits to building savings in a 401 ( k ) or IRA , although many of these plans are restricted in their investment choices .
With persistence , someone can usually make such investment vehicles work for them .
So , I had never considered the possibility of overt or covert confiscation of IRAs and 401 ( k ) s until I read one of Franklin Sanders ‘ comments about gold confiscation :
“ Finally , gold and silver today do n’t represent the huge pool of wealth they represented in 1933 .
[ Solari note : the US government confiscated gold in 1933 . ]
Why risk wide - spread disobedience to steal such a tiny plum ?
If the government wants to steal a big pool of wealth , they ’ll snatch your pension funds and IRAs , not your gold . ”
In fact , if you look at the value of most 401 ( k ) s and IRAs lately , a great deal has already been “ confiscated . ”
The mainstream media has described these losses as part of the normal economic cycle , but this is a fallacy .
These losses are the result of a financial coup d’etat , including fraudulent housing bubbles , pump and dump schemes , naked short selling , precious metals price suppression , and active intervention in the markets by the government and central bank .
Which begs the question , where is all this going ?
I began hearing questions about whether it was safe to leave money in 401 ( k ) s and IRAs late last year .
These questions were due , in part , to a report in the Carolina Journal that floated the idea of federally - managed retirement accounts .
And there were other concerns : the ease with which financial interests have manipulated Congress , the passage of the highly unpopular bailout package in 2008 , and the growing federal deficit .
These issues have raised the possibility of greater financial losses in 2009 , increased capital controls , and possible constraints on 401 ( k ) s and IRAs .
Enter the Wall Street Journal .
Last week , a front - page article in the Journal examined recent 401( k ) losses : Big Slide in 401 ( k ) s Spurs Calls for Change .
Here ’s an excerpt :
“ About 50 million Americans have 401 ( k ) plans , which have $ 2.5 trillion in total assets , estimates the Employee Benefit Research Institute in Washington .
In the 12 months following the stock market ’s peak in October 2007 , more than $ 1 trillion worth of stock value held in 401 ( k ) s and other “ defined - contribution ” plans was wiped out , according to the Boston College research center .
If individual retirement accounts , which consist largely of money rolled over from 401 ( k ) s , are taken into account , about $ 2 trillion of stock value evaporated . ”
First of all , as I have pointed out many times , money does not simply disappear .
It goes somewhere .
The fact that $ 2 trillion has suddenly “ evaporated ” means that some corresponding value is now under new ownership .
And , in this case , the owners are no longer ordinary investors .
If you have doubts about this , see my definition of “ pump and dump ” .
The Journal article also raised the possibility of changes in the structure of 401 ( k ) accounts :
“ Congress has begun looking at ways to overhaul the 401 ( k ) system …
One such plan called for establishing accounts that would receive annual contributions from the federal government , and would offer a guaranteed , but relatively low , rate of return .
Another proposed automatically investing contributions in an index fund that holds stocks and bonds , with the mix getting more conservative as workers approach retirement . ”
So , the solution is that the victims cede even more power to the perpetrators .
Who ’s pushing these ideas ?
Why is the Wall Street Journal floating such a trial balloon on the front page ?
I live in an area with increasing tornado activity , but I am not planning on selling my home because of these risks .
I know how to track storm warnings .
I have a disaster preparedness kit and I know where the town ’s storm cellar is located .
With this in mind , I am not advising anyone to pull their money from a 401 ( k ) or IRA .
But , I do think we should understand the rules associated with this process .
We should also make it clear to Congressional representatives that any tampering is not acceptable .
In this week ’s Solari Report , I ’ll be talking about why I ’m going to be tracking proposals for increased restrictions on 401 ( k ) s and IRAs in 2009 .
I ’ll also touch on President - Elect Obama ’s stimulus package followed by the plain - talking , ever lively Precious Metals Update with Franklin Sanders .
You can learn more about The Solari Report and subscribe here .
I hope you ’ll join us .
*************
Mapping The Real Deal is a column on Scoop supervised by Catherine Austin Fitts .
Ms Fitts is the President of Solari , Inc. http://www.solari.com/.
Ms. Fitts is the former Assistant Secretary of Housing - Federal Housing Commissioner during the first Bush Administration , a former managing director and member of the board of directors of Dillon Read “ Co. Inc. and President of The Hamilton Securities Group , Inc .
© Scoop Media
On Friday , Shares of Aeterna Zentaris Inc. ( NASDAQ : AEZS ) , lost - 11.58 % to $ 0.06 , hitting its lowest level .
The shares are however , negative as contrast to the S&P 500 for the past week with a loss of [… ]
When clothes dryers account for at least 6 % of the electricity used by U.S. households , is it any wonder that line - drying is coming back ?
In places where the practice is banned as an unsightly nuisance to neighbors , right - to - dry activists and blogging eco-moms are forming an alliance .
Their cause : to reduce energy consumption and to call upon sunlight rather than bleach to get those whites even whiter .
The movement also includes homeowners pinched by rising electric bills as well as some celebrity converts .
Yes , there ’s even a blog dedicated to tracking who ’s who in L.A. line - drying .
( For the curious , it ’s blog.linedryit.com/eco_facts / , which lists the likes of “ The O.C. ” actress Rachel Bilson and singer Olivia Newton - John . )
Sophie Uliano , a resident of the Brookside area near Hancock Park , went so far as to hire a specialist to maximize the length of her clothesline in a small backyard dominated by a pool .
“ It was one of my chores as a child growing up in Surrey , England , ” Uliano said .
“ I ’ll never forget the smell of burying my head in a basket of line - dried laundry .
I still do it . ”
Uliano , who hangs about 90 % of her laundry during the summer and about 60 % of it in winter , said no one has complained except for her husband , who always wants it taken down before guests come over .
For her , she said , “ The fact that I line - dry my clothes is like a badge of honor . ”
::
A 2001 Department of Energy report estimated that electric clothes dryers accounted for about 5.8 % of total electricity usage in U.S. homes -- a startling figure given that the same report said all indoor and outdoor lighting in American homes constitutes only 8.8 % of electricity usage .
Plus , the 5.8 % attributed to dryers does not include electricity needed to power the motors of gas - heated dryers .
Still , some people see nothing purposeful or poetic in the image of clean sheets blowing in the wind .
“ Homeowner associations recognize that if people throw their clothes over their fences and patio walls that their homes wo n’t be as aesthetically attractive , ” said Richard S. Monson , president of the California Assn. of Homeowners Assns .
“ We ’re criticized for this , but what it ’s doing is protecting home values . ”
It ’s not just the beige - on - approved - beige gated communities that often prohibit line - drying .
Homeowner associations at retirement communities , mobile home parks and condos often prohibit the practice .
Elleven , Los Angeles ’ first condo building to receive the U.S. Green Building Council ’s gold LEED rating for environmentally conscious design , has sustainable bamboo flooring -- but line - drying ?
That ’s still strictly verboten , building manager Matthew Davidson said .
Real estate broker Margaret Goedeke lives in Newport Crest , a cluster of beachfront condominiums where open garage doors , flag poles and clothing lines are all prohibited .
“ We ’re not even allowed to hang a towel outside , ” Goedeke said .
“ Once in a while we ’ll dry something on our deck , but we hide it .
We ’re very controlled . ”
These kinds of rules drove British film producer Steven Lake to make “ Drying for Freedom , ” a documentary on line - drying in the U.S. that he said is in pre-production .
“ The matter of wasted energy is something that draws my attention to this topic , ” he said .
“ But mostly it ’s the fact that in America , which to the rest of the world is considered to be the land of the free , citizens are banned from something as simple and silly as hanging out their washing . ”
According to Lake , Southern California will play a particularly large part in the project .
“ Not only is that part of the United States full of HOAs , but it is particularly hot , so there is no excuse not to do it , ” he said .
If line - drying as a plot line sounds about as scintillating as watching compost decompose , get this : Lake ’s film will feature one extreme case .
“ We ’re including feuding neighbors in Mississippi where one man purportedly shot and killed another due to a dispute over a washing line .
He did n’t want to see the laundry from his window . ”
::
In her 20 years of drying clothes in her Van Nuys backyard , Kathy Arnos is happy to report she has yet to receive a death threat .
“ Nobody has ever complained , because it ’s completely private , ” said Arnos , who is line - less , preferring to hang her clothes from patio chairs and umbrellas .
“ And even if they could see my clothes , I seriously doubt it would lower my property value . ”
Arnos ’ boyfriend , David Bower , also avoids the dryer .
But instead of using his backyard in Hollywood , Bower hung two lines inside his garage .
“ I worried that someone would take my clothes from my backyard , ” he said .
“ And this way , I do n’t have to worry about weather conditions . ”
In L.A. , renters and condo owners even post tips about undercover line - drying on websites such as laundrylist.org .
“ Not everyone has a half - acre in the Palisades to dry their clothes , ” said Uliano , who is the author of the eco-guidebook “ Gorgeously Green . ”
“ I suggest that people who do n’t have a yard do it the Italian way by getting a good old drying rack and placing it near an open window for the day . ”
These are tactics that even Monson might agree with .
“ We ’re not against line - drying , ” he said .
“ Not using dryers can be a good thing , especially in these economical times .
We ’re asking that residents do so with some discretion . ”
Discretion is something Dean Fisher misses .
Fisher , a 25 - year - old interior designer , likes to line - dry from her Highland Park bungalow apartment .
But her neighbor laid claim to a communal brick patio by tying rope between a fence and a tree .
“ Oftentimes , I ’ll have to fight my way through damp sheets as if I ’m trailblazing in the rain forest , ” Fisher said .
“ Or I ’ll invite my friends out onto the patio only to be greeted by Dora the Explorer footie pajamas and old - lady bras .
Ewww . ”
home@latimes.com
U.S. hopes killing plants will reduce smuggling Border plants to be killed to reveal smugglers
• Map of the affected area
• • •
The U.S. Border Patrol plans to poison the plant life along a 1.1 - mile stretch of the Rio Grande riverbank as soon as Wednesday to get rid of the hiding places used by smugglers , robbers and illegal immigrants .
If successful , the $ 2.1 million pilot project could later be duplicated along as many as 130 miles of river in the patrol ’s Laredo Sector , as well as other parts of the U.S. - Mexico border .
Although Border Patrol and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency officials say the chemical is safe for animals , detractors say the experiment is reminiscent of the Vietnam War-era Agent Orange chemical program and raises questions about long - term effects .
“ We do n’t believe that is even moral , ” said Jay Johnson - Castro Sr. , executive director of the Rio Grande International Study Center , located at Laredo Community College , adjacent to the planned test area .
“ It is unprecedented that they ’d do it in a populated area , ” he said of spraying the edge of the Rio Grande as it weaves between the cities of Laredo and Nuevo Laredo , Mexico .
Border Patrol agent Roque Sarinana said the pilot project aims to find the most efficient way to keep agents safer and better protect the nation ’s border .
“ We are trying to improve our mobility and visibility up and down the river , ” Sarinana said .
Criminals have grown adept at using the dense foliage to elude capture , he said .
“ They can come over almost undetected , ” he said .
Should the Border Patrol project prove efficient , cane removal could become part of its arsenal of tools that have been used along various parts of the U.S. - Mexico border , including walls , fencing and look - out towers .
Members of the Laredo City Council have raised concerns about the spraying program and called on Mexico President Felipe Calderon to intervene .
Mexican officials are raising concerns the herbicide could threaten the water supply for Nuevo Laredo .
A U.S. government outline of the project indicates the Border Patrol is going to test three methods to rid the 1.1 - mile bank of river of carrizo cane , which has thick stalks that form tight , isolated trails that can be dark and all but invisible from higher up on the bank .
One method calls for the cane to be cut by hand and the stumps painted with the herbicide , Imazapyr .
Another involves using mechanical equipment to dig the cane out by the roots .
It is unclear if herbicides would be necessary in this scenario .
The third and most controversial removal method calls for helicopters spraying Imazapyr directly on the cane — repeatedly — until all plant life in the area is poisoned .
The Border Patrol said that after using the herbicide , it plans to make the river ’s edges green again by planting native plants .
Johnson - Castro said he has no issue with removing the cane , a non-native plant brought by the Spaniards centuries ago .
The challenge , he said , is how it is done .
“ We are saying it is one hell of a big deal , ” he said .
Laredo Mayor Raul Salinas said he believes federal officials when they say testing shows the chemical is not dangerous , but that he also realizes opponents of the project have concerns to evaluate .
“ It is a complicated situation because we have to think about protecting our border , ” said Salinas , a retired FBI agent .
“ But let ’s do it in a sensible , reasonable way to make sure humans wo n’t be harmed , nor the vegetation , nor the animals , nor the environment . ”
dane.schiller@chron.com
Image : asleep at the table by obo - bobolina
Well , no more than it can be in a briefcase , but I ’m interested to hear other Tumblr ( and elsewhere ) Feministas ' responses to Mia Freedman ’s column in yesterday ’s Fairfax papers .
In an article than in many ways is a bit “ opt - out revolution ” , Freedman writes :
Was my friend dating in some weird retro time bubble ?
Apparently not .
The Courier Mail recently declared the Young Domestic Goddess movement an official social phenomenon : “ The seductive appeal of cooking , housekeeping and family is increasingly favoured by women tired of pushing the boundaries of the ever - present glass ceiling . ”
( Sorry , you lost me at “ seductive appeal of housekeeping ” but whatever .
I ’m clearly not the demographic ) .
A couple my friends are in their twenties , both ambitious but equally keen on marriage and babies .
They ’re not particularly compelled to ‘ have it all ’ , not at the same time anyway .
“ I have nothing to prove , ” said the single 26 - year - old .
“ I love my job but I know I ’ll enjoy being a wife and mother too and I imagine it will be just as fulfilling . ”
You can read the rest of the article here .
Oh , let me count the shades of grey .
A lot of corporate jobs are soul destroying , but as Betty Friedan and Urban Baby showed us , so Domestic Goddess - hood .
Sure , women have the right to “ choose their choice ” , but our choices have political ramifications - why is it women who are allegedly opting for the domestic sphere ?
Why not young men ?
And why are n’t workplaces being reshaped to make talented people of both sexes happier about staying the distance ( or maybe they are - most places I ’ve worked have been pretty good ) ?
And there ’s nothing anti-feminist about being able to cook .
— mamamia.com.au
What a slice !
Stray golf ball discovered buried inside felled tree
Of all the flukes seen on a golf course , greenkeeper Richard Mitchell can claim one of the strangest .
As he took his chainsaw to a leylandii tree , he hit the exact spot where a ball was embedded in the wood and sliced through it .
The ball apparently lodged in a fork of the tree many years ago when a golfer hooked a drive on the first tee .
The conifer grew around the ball and it remained hidden in the screen of 15 trees .
A golf ball was found embedded inside this preserved tree trunk
Trimmed , sanded and varnished , it is to become a rather unusual trophy board at Eaton Golf Club in Norwich .
Mr Mitchell discovered the ball last month after he felled the 40ft trees , planted 37 years ago , and began cutting the timber into 4ft lengths for firewood .
The piece of wood with the half ball visible is being preserved and varnished by former club captain Jim Cook who is a skilled woodworker .
It will then be kept behind the bar and used to record the names of everyone who gets a hole - in - one on the 198 - yard ninth hole .
Eaton member Jim Cook is pictured on the ninth hole close to where the unique tree was felled
Peter Johns , the manager of the £ 675 - a- year club , said : ' It is just an incredible find .
' We think it came off the first tee .
It must have lodged in a fork or embedded itself in the trunk and the tree grew round it .
' If Richard had cut the trunk an inch or two either way we'd never have known it was there . '
Neocons Wage War on a ' Realist '
In a normal world , people in Washington might welcome the hiring of a “ realist ” to oversee the production of U.S. intelligence analyses , with the hope that even if the truth does n’t set you free , it at least might be the foundation for sound policies .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
But that is not the world in which the United States finds itself .
In today ’s Washington , the city ’s preeminent newspaper publishes a neoconservative attack on President Barack Obama ’s choice to oversee intelligence analyses because the person is a “ realist . ”
Despite having lost standing with the American people for leading them into the Iraq War and other disasters , the neocons still have a strong beachhead in the national news media and are using it to wage a nasty rear - guard battle against Obama ’s appointment of former U.S. Ambassador Chas W. Freeman to be chairman of the National Intelligence Council , which vets National Intelligence Estimates on threats facing the United States .
Freeman ’s chief offense , according to The New Republic ’s Jon Chait in a Washington Post op - ed , is that the appointee is “ an ideological fanatic ” because Freeman believes excessively in “ realism ” and fails to apply a moral filter when looking at the world .
In Chait ’s neocon critique , “ realism ” is not simply a hard assessment of what today 's challenges are ; it is an “ ideology ” – and thus open to dismissal as simply a competitive way of understanding the world .
“ Realist ideology pays no attention to moral differences between states , ” Chait wrote in a Feb. 28 article entitled “ Obama ’s Intelligence Blunder . ”
He added : “ As far as realists are concerned , there 's no way to think about the way governments act except as the pursuit of self - interest . ”
Chait concedes that “ realism has some useful insights .
For instance , realists accurately predicted that Iraqis would respond to a U.S. invasion with less than unadulterated joy , ” but he complains that realists “ are completely blind to the moral dimensions of international politics . ”
Yet , the supposed purpose of U.S. intelligence analysis is to provide the President and other policymakers with an objective assessment of the world with the understanding that they – not the analysts – should put the facts into a broader vision of American interests , including moral and political judgments .
The Neocons ’ Long War Chait ’s article – published without any balance by the Washington Post ’s neocon - oriented editorial section – also reflects a continuation of what the neocons set out to do more than three decades ago , gain control of the CIA ’s analytical division to give cover to favored neocon policies .
The neocons , who are essentially right - wing intellectuals wanting to bend U.S. government policy in directions that fit their ideological interests , recognized early on that seizing the main levers of information inside Washington was crucial .
So , they took aim at two targets in particular : the CIA ’s analytical division and national journalists .
The origins of this extraordinary assault on reality can be traced back to 1976 when a young neocon named Paul Wolfowitz joined with a band of Cold War hard - liners to gain access to the CIA ’s raw intelligence on the Soviet Union for what became known as the “ Team B ” experiment .
At the time , CIA analysts were spotting systemic weaknesses in the Soviet system , a finding that encouraged Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford to pursue a policy of “ détente ” aimed at reducing tensions with Moscow and possibly ending the Cold War .
However , “ détente ” was anathema to the neocons and the hard - liners – many of whom had ties to the military - industrial complex – so “ Team B ” not surprisingly concluded that the Soviet Union was actually on the rise and on the march , possessing new military technologies that were creating a “ window of vulnerability ” for the United States .
Under political pressure from Ronald Reagan and the ideological Right , President Ford soon scrapped any talk about “ détente ” and the stage was set for reigniting the Cold War ( with massive new U.S. military spending ) when Reagan became President in 1981 .
Reagan then credentialed many of the key neoconservatives , the likes of Elliott Abrams and Richard Perle , who continued their collaboration with old - time hardliners like CIA Director William Casey .
He began purging the CIA analytical division of “ realists ” who stubbornly kept seeing evidence of the Soviet Union ’s rapid deterioration .
Casey ’s key action officer within the CIA ’s analytical division was a young up - and - comer named Robert Gates , who ousted or marginalized analysts who refused to march to the new ideological drummers .
Gates ’s politicization of the analytical division proved so effective regarding the issue of the Soviet decline that the CIA and the U.S. government were caught off - guard when the East Bloc and the Soviet Union collapsed in the late 1980s and the early 1990s .
[ In 2006 , Gates became George W. Bush 's Defense Secretary , a post he has retained under President Obama . ]
Also , in the 1980s , a parallel operation , run out of Reagan ’s National Security Council , went after journalists who uncovered unwelcome facts about the administration ’s support for brutal right - wing despots in Central America and Africa – or who dug up critical information about policies in the Middle East , especially anything that reflected poorly on Israel .
As intellectuals who followed the elitist philosophy of Leo Strauss , the neocons understood the vital need to control and shape the information that reached politicians and the public , all the better to manipulate them .
This concept was known internally as “ perception management . ”
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Neocons Redux When George W. Bush took power in 2001 and many of the Reagan - era neocons returned , they simply picked up where they had left off .
The neocons were back twisting intelligence analyses to fit their policy desires and spinning reporters who then published slanted stories , scaring the American people and ultimately clearing the way to the Iraq War .
Only after years of Bush ’s catastrophes did American voters push back , stripping the Republicans of congressional control in 2006 and handing the Democrats the White House in 2008 .
But the neocons and other rightists retain one important bastion of power : the U.S. news media , which can roughly be divided between the right - wing media infrastructure , from print to radio to TV to the Internet , and mainstream journalism , which includes important pro-neocon outlets like the Washington Post and The New Republic .
Which gets us back to Obama ’s appointment of Chas Freeman to oversee the production of U.S. intelligence analyses .
On the surface , Freeman would seem eminently qualified .
A former U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia , Freeman held sensitive State and Defense Department jobs under Presidents Reagan , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton .
He now heads up the Middle East Policy Council , a Washington - based think tank on the region .
But the neocons and the Right launched a fierce attack against Freeman because he threatens their influence over U.S. intelligence estimates and thus their ability to exaggerate dangers and to manage the perceptions of politicians and the public .
So , as Chait does in his Post op - ed , the neocons have transformed Freeman ’s realism into evidence that “ he ’s an ideological fanatic . ”
But Chait ’s real beef with Freeman appears to be that he thinks the “ Israel Lobby ” actually exists in Washington .
It is a staple of neocon rhetoric that anyone who observes the political clout of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee or other influential pro-Israel groups must be an enemy of Israel .
“ Realists tend not to abide the American alliance with Israel , which rests on shared values with a fellow imperfect democracy rather than on a cold analysis of America 's interests , ” Chait wrote .
“ Taken to extremes , realism 's blindness to morality can lead it wildly astray .
Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer , both staunch realists , wrote ‘ The Israel Lobby , ’ a hyperbolic attack on Zionist political influence .
“ The central error of their thesis was that , since America 's alliance with Israel does not advance American interests , it could be explained only by sinister lobbying influence .
They seemed unable to grasp even the possibility that Americans , rightly or wrongly , have an affinity for a fellow democracy surrounded by hostile dictatorships .
Consider , perhaps , if eunuchs tried to explain the way teenage boys act around girls .
“ Freeman praised ‘ The Israel Lobby ’ while indulging in its characteristic paranoia .
‘ No one else in the United States has dared to publish this article , ’ he told a Saudi news service in 2006 , ‘ given the political penalties that the lobby imposes on those who criticize it . ’
In fact , the article was printed as a book the next year by Farrar , Straus and Giroux in New York . ” Paranoia ?
Though Chait argues that Freeman is paranoid about how today ’s neocon - dominated Washington metes out punishment to dissenters , the broad – and vicious – assault on Freeman ’s reputation would seem to prove the point .
The Washington Times published its own smear job against Freeman , written by former Reagan administration Pentagon official Frank Gaffney .
“ The announcement … that the Obama administration would turn over the job of preparing National Intelligence Estimates to a man whom Saudi Arabia , China , Iran and Hamas surely consider an agent of influence calls to mind an old axiom about Charles ‘ Chas ’ Freeman 's new line of work — ‘ Garbage in , garbage out , ’ ” Gaffney wrote on March 3 .
It is classic neocon / Right style to accuse someone who disagrees with them of treason , or in this case , acting as “ an agent of influence ” for adversarial or hostile states .
The Nation ’s Robert Dreyfuss also took note of this “ thunderous , coordinated assault against " Freeman .
Dreyfuss traced the initial assault to “ a few right - wing blogs , ” before it “ migrated to semi-official mouthpieces like the Jewish Telegraph Agency , and … reached the op - ed pages of the Wall Street Journal , in the form of the scurrilous piece by Gabriel Schoenfeld , a resident scholar at some outfit called ‘ the Witherspoon Institute . ’ ”
Dreyfuss also noted that staunch neocon Martin Peretz , Chait ’s boss at The New Republic , also weighed in against Freeman .
“ Freeman 's real offense , ” Peretz wrote , “ is that he has questioned the loyalty and patriotism of not only Zionists and other friends of Israel , the great swath of American Jews and their Christian countrymen , who believed that the protection of Zion is at the core of our religious and secular history . ”
Dreyfuss added : “ If the campaign by the neocons , friends of the Israeli far right , and their allies against Freeman succeeds , it will have enormous repercussions .
If the White House caves in to their pressure , it will signal that President Obama 's even - handedness in the Arab - Israeli dispute can't be trusted .
…
“ Freeman is a one - of - a - kind choice : with an impeccably establishment pedigree , Freeman has developed over the years a startling propensity to speak truth to power , which is precisely what one would want in a NIC chairman . ”
In the wake of the Iraq War and the disastrous Bush presidency , the neocons have been driven back from their key positions in government .
But they have not gone away and through their media power , they apparently hope to exercise a veto over whom President Obama can appoint to important jobs – and to make sure that “ realism ” remains a dirty word .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Happy Darwin Day !
To help celebrate , Rob Jenkins and I have created an optical illusion ……
Update : Thanks to The Times for linking to and Stephen Fry for the Tweet - plug !
Rob Jenkins ( Univ of Glasgow ) and I have created an afterimage illusion with a twist .
Because the resolution of an afterimage is not as good as the original , we thought that it might be possible to use fine lines to create an image that looked one way in ‘ normal ’ vision , and another as an afterimage .
And here it is …..
The picture below shows two monkeys .
Set your computer monitor to maximum brightness and then stare at the centre of the picture for about 30 seconds without moving your eyes .
Next , look to a white wall and blink a few times .
The monkeys should suddenly transform into a perfect picture of Darwin !
We thought that it was nice because of the play on ‘ adaptation ’ .
In biology , ‘ adaptation ’ refers to the gradual process by which a species becomes better suited to its environment ( e.g. , humans and monkeys evolved from a common primate ancestor ) .
However , psychologists use the same term to refer to the perceptual mechanism that gives rise to the negative afterimage in the illusion .
Also , it seemed especially appropriate as Erasmus Darwin ( Charles Darwin ’s grandfather ) carried out pioneering research into this curious optical phenomenon ( thanks Tim J. ) .
There is more about the piece at www.darwinillusion.com.
Feel free to share the illusion with friends and colleagues and , most important of all , have a very happy Darwin Day !
Every Sunday morning I take a light jog around a park near my home .
There ’s a lake located in one corner of the park .
Each time I jog by this lake , I see the same elderly woman sitting at the water ’s edge with a small metal cage sitting beside her .
This past Sunday my curiosity got the best of me , so I stopped jogging and walked over to her .
As I got closer , I realized that the metal cage was in fact a small trap .
There were three turtles , unharmed , slowly walking around the base of the trap .
She had a fourth turtle in her lap that she was carefully scrubbing with a spongy brush .
“ Hello , ” I said .
“ I see you here every Sunday morning .
If you do n’t mind my nosiness , I ’d love to know what you ’re doing with these turtles . ”
She smiled .
“ I ’m cleaning off their shells , ” she replied .
“ Anything on a turtle ’s shell , like algae or scum , reduces the turtle ’s ability to absorb heat and impedes its ability to swim .
It can also corrode and weaken the shell over time . ”
“ Wow !
That ’s really nice of you ! ” I exclaimed .
She went on : “ I spend a couple of hours each Sunday morning , relaxing by this lake and helping these little guys out .
It ’s my own strange way of making a difference . ”
“ But do n’t most freshwater turtles live their whole lives with algae and scum hanging from their shells ? ” I asked .
“ Yep , sadly , they do , ” she replied .
I scratched my head .
“ Well then , do n’t you think your time could be better spent ?
I mean , I think your efforts are kind and all , but there are fresh water turtles living in lakes all around the world .
And 99 % of these turtles do n’t have kind people like you to help them clean off their shells .
So , no offense … but how exactly are your localized efforts here truly making a difference ? ”
The woman giggled aloud .
She then looked down at the turtle in her lap , scrubbed off the last piece of algae from its shell , and said , “ Sweetie , if this little guy could talk , he ’d tell you I just made all the difference in the world . ”
HOUSTON ( AP ) —
The Federal Emergency Management Agency has denied nearly 650,000 applications for housing aid since Hurricane Ike hit southeastern Texas , finding that nearly 90 percent of claimants were ineligible for aid .
Those rejected and their lawyers say the inspectors are unqualified or poorly trained and the inspection system is flawed in ways that withhold help from deserving people .
The agency says the numbers reflect a widespread misunderstanding of its mission .
The Houston Chronicle reported Sunday that the agency had received more than 730,000 applications for money to help with home repairs , mobile homes or other housing services needed after the hurricane caused widespread damage in September .
So far , the agency has paid out about $ 371 million to 82,000 applicants , declaring almost 650,000 ineligible for aid .
Early on in the life of the site we did a list of books that changed the world .
It is such a broad topic that we are finally revisiting it to produce a second list .
Before complaining about books that you think are missing from here , be sure to check the original list as you may find it listed there instead .
Feel free to tell us what books you think deserve a place on the next list of books that changed the world .
This list is in no particular order – it is impossible to order such diverse books .
10 Principia Mathematica Isaac Newton
Why it changed the world : Newton ’s Principia , published in 1687 , laid the foundation for much of modern physics and mathematics .
The Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( mathematical principles of natural philosophy ) is a three - volume work by Isaac Newton published on 5 July 1687 .
It contains the statement of Newton ’s laws of motion forming the foundation of classical mechanics , as well as his law of universal gravitation and a derivation of Kepler ’s laws for the motion of the planets ( which were first obtained empirically ) .
The Principia is widely regarded as one of the most important scientific works ever written .
It is in a supplement to the Principia , entitled General Scholium , that Newton expressed his famous Hypotheses non fingo ( “ I feign no hypotheses ” or “ I make no guesses ” ) .
9 The Analects Confucius
Why it changed the world : A truly radical text in its time , the Analects have been the dominant influence on Chinese thought and culture .
The Analects , also known as the Analects of Confucius , are a record of the words and acts of the central Chinese thinker and philosopher Confucius and his disciples , as well as the discussions they held .
The Chinese title literally means “ discussion over [ Confucius ’ ] words . ”
Written during the Spring and Autumn Period through the Warring States Period ( ca. 479 BCE – 221 BCE ) , the Analects is the representative work of Confucianism and continues to have a tremendous influence on Chinese and East Asian thought and values today .
The Analects were almost certainly penned and compiled by disciples and second - generation disciples of Confucius , albeit being mostly about Confucius himself and his thought .
8 The Interpretation Of Dreams Sigmund Freud
Why it changed the world :
While many of Freud ’s theories have now been dismissed by modern specialists , his concept that the unconscious retains much that the conscious mind appears to have forgotten has changed and influenced the way that people think about themselves .
The Interpretation Of Dreams introduces the Ego , and describes Freud ’s theory of the unconscious with respect to dream interpretation .
Dreams , in Freud ’s view , were all forms of “ wish - fulfillment ” — attempts by the unconscious to resolve a conflict of some sort , whether something recent or something from the recessess of the past .
The initial print run of the book was very low — it took many years to sell out the first 600 copies .
Freud revised the book at least eight times , and in the third edition added an extensive section which treated dream symbolism very literally .
Later psychoanalysts have expressed frustration with this section , as it encouraged the notion that dream interpretation was a straightforward hunt for symbols of sex , penises , etc .
7 Canon Of Medicine Avicenna
Why it changed the world :
It brought together the knowledge and theories of Ancient Greek , Persian , and Indian medicine ( largely forgotten otherwise ) and combined it with contemporary 11th century understanding .
It laid the foundations of modern medical science .
The Canon of Medicine is a 14 - volume Arabic medical encyclopedia written by a Persian scientist and physician Avicenna ( Ibn S?n ? ) and completed in 1025 .
It is considered the first pharmacopoeia , and among other things , the book is known for the introduction of systematic experimentation and quantification into the study of physiology , the discovery of the contagious nature of infectious diseases , the introduction of quarantine to limit the spread of contagious diseases , and the introduction of evidence - based medicine , experimental medicine , clinical trials , randomized controlled trials , efficacy tests , clinical pharmacology , neuropsychiatry , physiological psychology , risk factor analysis , and the idea of a syndrome in the diagnosis of specific diseases .
6 The Histories Herodotus
Why it changed the world :
They are the source of much of our knowledge of the ancient world and the foundation of history in Western literature .
The Histories of Herodotus of Halicarnassus is considered the first work of history in Western literature .
Written about 440 BC in the Ionic dialect of classical Greek , The Histories tells the story of the Greco - Persian Wars between the Achaemenid Empire and the Greek city - states in the 5th century BC .
Herodotus travelled extensively around the ancient world , conducting interviews and collecting stories for his book .
5 On Liberty John Stewart Mill
Why it changed the world : Most of Mill ’s theories are now full integrated into modern democracies – particularly the need to protect the rights of the individual .
On Liberty is a philosophical work by 19th century English philosopher John Stuart Mill , first published in 1859 .
To the Victorian readers of the time it was a radical work , advocating moral and economic freedom of individuals from the state .
Perhaps the most memorable point made by Mill in this work , and his basis for liberty , is that “ Over himself , over his own body and mind , the individual is sovereign ” .
Mill is compelled to say this in opposition to what he calls the “ tyranny of the majority ” , wherein through control of etiquette and morality , society is an unelected power that can do horrific things .
4 The Republic Plato
Why it changed the world : Plato ’s contrast between the imperfect world of mortals and the perfect forms of immortal souls had a great deal of influence over Christianity and Islam and Western philosophy in general .
The Republic is a Socratic dialogue by Plato , written in approximately 380 BC .
It is one of the most influential works of philosophy and political theory , and Plato ’s best known work .
In Plato ’s fictional dialogues the characters of Socrates as well as various Athenians and foreigners discuss the meaning of justice and examine whether the just man is happier than the unjust man by constructing an imaginary city ruled by philosopher - kings .
3 Lady Chatterley ’s Lover D H Lawrence
Why it changed the world :
It brought the concept of book censorship to a head and eventually helped to overturn it .
Lady Chatterley ’s Lover is a novel by D. H. Lawrence written in 1928 .
Printed privately in Florence , Italy in 1928 , it was not printed in the United Kingdom until 1960 ( other than in an underground edition issued by Inky Stephensen ’s Mandrake Press in 1929 ) .
Lawrence considered calling this book Tenderness at one time and made significant alterations to the original manuscript in order to make it palatable to readers .
It has been published in three different versions .
The publication of the book caused a scandal due to its explicit sex scenes , including previously banned four - letter words and perhaps because the lovers were a working - class male and an aristocratic female .
2 The Canterbury Tales Geoffrey Chaucer
Why it changed the world : Popularized the use of vernacular English as the dominant language in English literature ( rather than Latin or French commonly used at the time ) – the Canterbury Tales set the standard for future works of English literature .
The Canterbury Tales is a collection of stories written by Geoffrey Chaucer in the 14th century ( two of them in prose , the rest in verse ) .
The tales , some of which are originals and others not , are contained inside a frame tale and told by a collection of pilgrims on a pilgrimage from London Borough of Southwark to visit the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral .
The Canterbury Tales are written in Middle English .
Although the tales are considered to be his magnum opus , some believe the structure of the tales is indebted to the works of The Decameron , which Chaucer is said to have read on an earlier visit to Italy .
1 Geographia Ptolemy
Why it changed the world :
It set practical standards in geography which lasted 1500 years , and is our best record of the state of geographic knowledge in the 2nd century .
The Geographia or Geography is Ptolemy ’s main work besides the Almagest .
It is a compilation of what was known about the world ’s geography in the Roman Empire of the 2nd century .
Ptolemy relied mainly on the work of an earlier geographer , Marinos of Tyre , and on gazetteers of the Roman and ancient Persian empire , but most of his sources beyond the perimeter of the Empire were unreliable .
The original work included maps , but due to the difficulties involved in copying them by hand , they have fallen out of the manuscript transmission .
The work has been discovered and used through the ages by several noted people around the world .
Ptolemy also devised and provided instructions on how to create maps both of the whole inhabited world and of the Roman provinces .
Ptolemy was well aware that he knew about only a quarter of the globe .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
Contributor : JFrater
DAVOS , Switzerland
In its own unpredictable way , the Davos World Economic Forum usually serves as a crude barometer of the latest mood or mania on the world stage .
This year did not disappoint .
What has struck me is the quiet urgency that infused so many panel discussions and private conversations here between investors , politicians and social activists .
To put it crudely : everyone is looking for the guy  the guy who can tell you exactly what ails the world ’s financial system , exactly how we get out of this mess and exactly what you should be doing to protect your savings .
But here ’s what ’s really scary : the guy is n’t here .
He ’s left the building .
Elvis has left the mountain .
Get used to it .
What do I mean ?
First , if it is not apparent to you yet , it will be soon : there is no magic bullet for this economic crisis , no magic bailout package , no magic stimulus .
We have woven such a tangled financial mess with subprime mortgages wrapped in complex bonds and derivatives , pumped up with leverage , and then globalized to the far corners of the earth that , much as we want to think this will soon be over , that is highly unlikely .
We are going to have to learn to live with a lot more uncertainty for a lot longer than our generation has ever experienced .
We keep pouring money into the dark banking hole of this crisis , desperately hoping that we will hear it hit bottom and start to pile up .
But so far , as hard as we listen , we ca n’t hear a thing .
And so we keep pouring ...
GO FIGURE
Different ways of seeing stats
Unemployment is up .
But look at the numbers - so far it's not nearly as gloomy as the last recession , says Michael Blastland in the first of his regular columns .
How do you measure how grim a recession is ?
You could compare it with the boom times and discover that life is worse .
Now there 's a surprise .
Job Centres are getting busy
Or , at a time when we hear suggestions that this is the worst crisis for generations , we could try to find out if that 's true , and compare this recession with the last recession : that is , compare bad with bad and see which is worst .
Mostly though , we hear comparisons of the bad with the best .
So on the most recent , and genuinely - depressing , data we have about the state of the economy - this week 's unemployment numbers - the widely reported comparison has been with unemployment in the past 10 years .
That is , with the boom years .
It is about the worst it has been in that period .
But what if we also compare what 's happening now with what happened at roughly the same point in the last recession ?
These charts - of those on the dole , and the number of jobless - begin to do that , and start the month before the numbers begin to rise consistently , in the spring of 1990 and 2008 .
What does this tell us , other than that most reports about unemployment are not telling us much ?
A few facts stand out :
The starting level this time is well below the starting level last time
Despite recent rises in unemployment and the claimant count , and at least two quarters of recession , we are still not up to the levels at the start of the 1990 recession ;
The lines are about the same gradient , so far - slightly steeper for unemployment , slightly shallower for the claimant count , indicating that people are losing jobs at roughly the same speed as last time .
The effect on the figures of the large number of people on incapacity benefit is worth bearing in mind here , and might suggest that the true unemployment level is higher than it looks .
But incapacity benefit was also there in the 90s recession .
If we take inactivity as a whole , male inactivity rates in particular rose steeply in the 80s but have actually fallen back slightly since the early 90s .
( Whereas female activity rates have been rising for years ) .
And here 's another thought to bear in mind when raw unemployment numbers are quoted over the coming months .
There are about 3 million more people of working age this time than last , and 4.5 million more than in the early 80s recession .
If - and it's a big if - the raw numbers are no worse than last time , we 'll have done rather better .
Crystal ball
So how bad is it this time ?
We 'll see .
We do n't know yet and this is not a prediction .
But comparing similar points in the recession suggest that unemployment is no worse - yet - than in the last recession , and in some ways better .
More of these are being filled out In other ways , of course , things are not so good .
Public finances are in worse shape now than then , for example .
The Bank of England also predicts that the economy will contract more sharply than it did in 1990 .
We 'll soon find out .
But as the recession takes its course , it 's worth keeping up with the real data and seeing how it compares , not just bad with good , but bad with previous bad .
We 've been treated recently to a great deal of coverage of the " up 146,000 , what a shock " variety .
Is 146,000 bad ?
Yes , of course it is , these are people 's livelihoods .
But how bad ?
About as bad as last time , but probably no worse , and starting from a lower level .
About as bad , in fact , as it tends to be at this point in a recession .
To know this , we need some relevant context , and that is in short supply .
•
And finally , here are some numerical nuggets .
You may never have wondered how many women in Japan with part - time jobs walk their dogs at 3 am , but I bet you 'd like to know .
" Yeah , we got that , " says Jonathan Soma , who 's taken a five - yearly survey of what the Japanese get up to and turned it into an interactive stream graph , which represents the changing volume of people undertaking a particular activity at any given time .
Walkies !
It 's drawn from the Japanese census , which legitimises the gossipy question of what are you doing right now .
" Japan slapped a bunch of people with notebooks and a sacred numbers mission : keep a log of what you do during the day , in 15 - minute intervals .
And those people did , " says Jonathan .
The data comes from the Statistics Bureau of Japan 's Survey on Time Use and Leisure Activities : Results on Activities by Time of the Day .
So how many study in a private cram school at 5.29 am ?
Zero .
That 's a relief .
And how many do vehicle maintenance at 10.29 pm ?
19,902 men .
Single men ?
In some cases , perhaps imminently .
Is it accurate ?
Very roughly , would be my guess , and subject to a fair bit of variation day to day , the more so for less common activities .
Strangely fascinating ?
You bet .
October 18 is Statistics Day in Japan , and its slogan is " Statistical Surveys Owe You and You Owe Statistical Data " .
•
When the UK's own Statistics Authority ticked off the government just before Christmas for its knife - crime figures , less noticed was that the Home Office had previous .
The authority received an earlier complaint that at one of its briefings , a Home Office press officer had crept in with well - spun handouts praising the government 's record on immigration .
The complainant - no less than the President of the Royal Society of Statistics - worried that the Home Office was attempting to pass off partisan comment as independent Statistics Authority background .
The Home Office has since apologised .
Below is a selection of your comments .
At last someone who seems to have a memory .
This recession is yet to reach anywhere near the levels of previous ones .
In the 80s interest rates rose dramatically , people lost jobs , redundancy was the new holiday , etc .
Now interest rates are rock bottom low and look likely to stay so far a year or two , prices are falling , jobs are being lost but huge numbers and wealth were built up in the good times , so those who saved or have a low mortgage rate are laughing all the way to the , well I would say bank .
Nicholas Walton , Warminster , Wiltshire
At last , a more " even handed " view of the situation .
Perhaps
I 'm not the only one who can see that many in the media have a preconceived idea of the story they want to tell and then dig out the " facts " to back it up .
The old adage Lies , Damned Lies and Statistics springs to mind .
Alan , Edinburgh
This article is both informative and prophetic but it does not address the need for a common basis for comparison .
Should , for example , the 1.97 million registered unemployed be added to the 1.2 million job seekers allowance ?
How in 1981 / 2 were jobseekers , disabled , means - tested claimants recorded or dealt with ?
Leighton Jones , Chelmsford , Essex I think work is out there but you just have to look much harder to find it .
I am an IT contractor and with my contract finishing on Friday , I was concerned of finding another one .
However , I was surprised that after one telephone interview , I have been offered another contract to start on Monday .
My advice , do n't get disheartened by the employment market - there is work out there but you have to be ruthless to find it .
Chris Morris , Harrogate , Yorkshire
As one can no longer accept government statistics at face value , what is the total number of people unemployed in the UK , who are able to work ?
Is the claimant count part of the unemployed figure ?
Does it include Neets ?
David Belchamber , Warminster , UK
My understanding is that if I became redundant today , the means - testing element would exclude me from any government support ie I would not appear on these graphs .
I suspect that rather a lot of the recently un-employed are also missing from the official figures .
Paul B , Cambridge
I 've been on the dole for about six months , ever since leaving uni and more and more it just seems pointless .
How am I going to get hired when more qualified people are getting laid off and are looking for work ?
Luckily I 've been accepted on a CELTA course so I can teach English in foreign languages .
In a few months I should be able to escape the gloom of this country for another one , and get a job at the same time , I hope .
Dan Barritt , Leeds Something that would be worth bearing in mind is that fact that the way the jobless total is calculated has been changed since Labour came to power in 1997 .
Therefore you cannot compare the two figures directly and say that unemployment now is lower than it was in 1997 as the new method has unsurprisingly resulted in a lower figure than would have been achieved under the old method .
Just another smoke and mirrors for this government to be able to exaggerate its achievements .
David , Essex
How refreshing to hear someone talking positively about our problems .
Will someone give Michael Blastland Robert Peston 's job please ?
I know things are not at all good , but Peston 's continual talking down of our situation is depressing us more than we need to be .
Maggie King , Accrington , Lancashire Interesting as always .
At the end of the day the government allows the vox pop to think what they want by using figures to give them proof .
Stats can be fudged to anyone 's uses so I would n't outright believe them .
Things are n't great but if we listen to them , the morale and attitude of people are going to crash and burn , making it a lot more drawn out .
Ok positive thinking is n't going to change the fact that economy - wise things have hit the skids but let those responsible worry
Mick , Scotland
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You thought the $ 100 laptop was cheap ?
How about a $ 10 laptop ?
That 's the promise of the unfortunately named Sakshat computer ( it actually means " before your eyes " ) , to be built in India as soon as the designers get a manufacturer signed up .
Details are scarce , but at least the people behind it have pedigree .
The Indian government is funding it , and the design is from scientists at science and technology institutes in Vellore , Madras and Bangalore .
The price of making this machine is now around $ 20 , but should fall to half that as production runs get longer .
But you want the specs , right ?
There is n't much , sadly , just a claim that the machine will have Wi-Fi and 2GB RAM .
A quick look at memory prices tells us that a 2 GB stick alone costs around that ( the cheapest I found was $ 16 ) .
Clearly the Indians are up to something here , perhaps designing their own chips .
However this goes , do n't expect to see Windows on there .
XP can bump the price of a netbook up $ 50 over a Linux version .
That means it would more than quintuple the price of the Sakshat .
Then again , Microsoft might just offer a cheaper version .
India to unveil the £ 7 laptop [ Guardian ]
While much of the debate over the $ 700 billion federal bailout plan has focused on whether the money is being spent wisely or well , concerns are growing among many conservatives about its constitutionality .
Some conservatives have argued that the law creating the program , the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 , which Congress passed hastily in October , violates constitutional principles that limit the amount of power that lawmakers can delegate to the executive branch .
They also maintain that the enormous bailout plan has illegally grown beyond its original focus on the financial services industry to include a bailout of the auto industry and more .
Robert A. Levy , the chairman of the Cato Institute , a libertarian organization in Washington , said in an interview that the bailout program , which goes by the acronym TARP for Troubled Assets Relief Program , goes beyond the realm of delegation the courts should allow .
Mr. Levy said that earlier cases had found such delegation was appropriate if Congress laid down “ an intelligible principle ” that provided clear guidance to an agency or a regulator .
But that , he said , is precisely what is missing in the bailout .
The über - tech - geek culture has a problem with tool obsession .
Twitter , Friendfeed , Google Reader–these are all basics , but each of these have multiple competitors that the most afflicted like to sample , discuss , and obsess over ad nauseam .
What ends up happening is we forget what those tools are actually for , i.e. the problems they ’re supposedly trying to solve .
Even worse , we stop asking whether or not those problems ( when we do identify them ) are even problems that we currently have .
I propose a better way : just as good programmers first abstract a solution to a problem using pseudocode , those trying to solve technology problems need to abstract their technology requirements .
So , rather than start with :
I want to use Twitter and Friendfeed .
We should start with higher - level statements , such as :
I want to follow what my friends are doing across the Internet in threaded fashion , and it ’d be nice to be able to push real - time to my friends ’ mobile phones when I post something .
We can make a list of our technology needs in this way .
Go from actual need / desire to an associated technology , rather than stumbling through “ solutions ” in search of problems .
So let ’s start our list of technology needs / desires .
I want to have all of my favorite content available to me in a centralized location so that I do n’t have to go to all the various sources to collect it .
I want to know if anyone is mentioning my name or my website anywhere on the Internet , and I want to be notified via text and email .
I want my friends to be able to type little blurbs from their phone , and have them come to me ( and other friends ) on our phones .
I want to be able to quickly see what all of my friends have done anywhere online ; this way I wo n’t have to go check all of their various services they use .
I ’d like to know if anyone within 10 miles of my location mentions a subject I ’m interested in , so maybe I can respond to them .
Ok , so that ’s a sample of a few abstracted problems .
No products .
No technologies .
Now make a similar list for yourself , and when you hear about a must - have new whiz - bang service that everyone ’s using , abstract its offering (s ) out in a plain - language statement .
See how that statement matches your own technology problems ; if it ’s not a match , either add the need / desire to your list or pass on the technology –no matter how alluring it may be .
Too many tools means not enough building . ::
Remix Pepper ’s “ Freeze ” and Win !
Ladies and gentlemen , get your remixing chops ready .
Starting Saturday ( Feb. 28 ) , Pepper is inviting you to make your own musical masheries of their song “ Freeze ” !
While Pepper originally hails from Hawaii , they now bring you their fresh mix of reggae , rock , and punk straight from sunny southern California .
No , I ’m not talking about Sublime here , but rather , the evolution of the brah brah music that they gave birth to .
Pepper ’s sound takes you from rum - fueled reggae party jams to warm coastal pop that makes you feel like you ’re summertime chillin’ no matter the season .
Freeze is a song from the latest Law Records release , “ Pink Crustaceans and Good Vibrations “ , which was produced by Sublime producer and former Butthole Surfer Paul Leary .
Pepper has loaded the stems to Freeze into their Remix Wizard and now wants to hear what you can do !
You have two options for making a remix : you can download the stems for free and use any software you want ; or you can click on the widget ’s MixMaker link to make a remix in MixMatchMusic ‘s simple online music editor .
If you ’ve never experienced remixing before , or just want to see how Freeze was made , check out the MixMaker !
Either way , make sure to you upload your remix to the widget so that others can listen to , vote on , and share it .
The Freeze remix contest runs from February 28 to March 28 ( 2009 ) , and Pepper will hand pick three winners .
If you win the grand prize , you get two VIP passes to the next Pepper show in your hometown for your friends , and the chance to shadow Pepper ’s sound engineer for the day ( from load in to load out at a show in your hometown ) .
How cool is that !
The grand prize winner will also receive the T - RackS 3 Deluxe Mastering Suite and AmpliTube Fender® ( courtesy of IK Multimedia ) ; a Law Records backpack full of Pepper swag ; one pair of SkullCandy headphones ; an autographed photo of Pepper ; their remix featured on Pepper ’s myspace ; and their remix released on an upcoming album from Law Records .
The first runner up will receive a copy of AmpliTube Fender from IK Multimedia , and the second runner up will get a copy of the T - RackS 3 Standard Mastering Suite from IK Multimieda .
Both runner up winners will also receive two VIP passes to the next Pepper show in their hometown ; a Law Records backpack full of Pepper swag ; their remix featured on Pepper ’s myspace ; and an autographed photo of band .
So what are you waiting for , brah ?
Enter the Freeze remix contest here !
And , look out for Evolving Music ‘s interview with Pepper early next week .
One result of the dicey relationship is the increasing search by the music industry for a future in which Apple is not so dominant .
Many executives say they believe the future of music buying is over the mobile phone , not from buying individual songs but by paying a monthly subscription fee to hear vast database of music .
Image The iTunes home page , Apples soapbox for promotions .
But right now that is a tiny business in the United States .
Forrester Research estimates that downloading music from Web stores like iTunes generated $ 1.5 billion in 2008 , compared with just $ 70 million in wireless sales .
Apple could win in this arena as well with its iPhone , but the music industry is looking to others , like Nokia , which offers its Comes With Music service , to become viable players .
“ They ’re still the biggest game in town , ” said David Card , a digital music analyst at Forrester Research .
“ It ’s really Apple and everyone else .
I think the industry would rather have multiple outlets . ”
Apple , according to a music industry official involved in the negotiations , offered to negotiate variable pricing about a year ago .
Most songs cost 99 cents , of which the label receives about 70 cents and Apple receives the remainder , although the breakdown varies slightly among the labels .
Apple indicated it was willing to make the switch to variable pricing provided that the music companies  which negotiate individually with Apple to avoid colluding  would agree to license songs for wireless downloads on the iPhone , as well as drop copyright protections using digital rights management , or D.R.M. , software .
All the labels agreed except Sony Music .
Its chairman , Mr. Schmidt - Holtz , wanted the pricing to go into effect right after the announcement , while Mr. Jobs wanted a longer time horizon .
According to a person briefed on the telephone call , Mr. Schmidt - Holtz and Mr. Jobs had a heated exchange by phone on Christmas Eve .
Eventually , Sony gave in and agreed to a longer waiting period .
Even if Mr. Jobs does not get personally involved in future negotiations , music executives still fear dealing with Apple .
One chit the company holds is the power of the iTunes home page , where it promotes music .
They also say that the entire Apple staff , including Eddie Cue , the vice president in charge of iTunes who handles the relationships with the record labels , do their best to follow Mr. Jobs ’s style in their own negotiating .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Invitation to Pre-Inauguration Opening of The George W. Bush Presidential Library ... "
( 45 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Nuisance Man said on 1/10/2009 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
HILARIOUS !
Thanks , Karen and Brad ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... ShortWoman said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
The Waterboarding Pool
-- Because it 's not torture
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:20 pm PT ...
The Executive Privilege Room ,
the main body of the structure , into which public access is denied .
.
.
.
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/10/2009 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
The Donald Rumsfeld Room Currently displaying known knowns , and known unknowns .
Unknown unknowns will be displayed as soon as they are known .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 4:11 pm PT ...
The Cave Room .
where visitors can hunt for Osama Bin Laden ( warning is may take over seven years to complete with no result . )
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/10/2009 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
One more .
The John Ashcroft Room -
Where all topless female statues wear tasteful bikini tops .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/10/2009 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
The Supreme Court Nominations Room ,
cloakroom where candidates are prepped for confirmation hearings .
.
.
. Bid to overturn Voting Rights Act
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/10/2009 @ 5:39 pm PT ...
Just LOVE THAT LAST ROOM people : WHERE ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES DON'T COUNT YOUR VOTE !
AN , THE SUPREME COURT CHOOSES
YOUR PRESIDENT .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
a one book library " My pet goat " do n't need any rooms .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:29 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Cafeteria , with catering provided by Halliburton and KBR .
Try the club sandwich - - a bargain at $ 1,500 ( add $ 30.00 to add a cup of soup and a side salad ) .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... d said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
how about the " Outhouse " where covert agents ' covers are blown
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Cafeteria offers weekend specials on desert : yellow cake and shoe fly pie
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:40 pm PT ...
The Dick Cheney Audiovisual Annex : to enter , you need top - level clearance and a current Heritage Foundation or Federalist Society membership card .
The Barbara Bush powder room , located next to the Dick Cheney Audiovisual Annex .
No Child Left Behind classroom ( closed to children under 18 )
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
The Florida Alcove , donated by Katherine Harris , and the Ohio Atrium , donated by Kenneth Blackwell
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:48 pm PT ...
The Karl Rove Gallery : currently on display , the world - famous " Mission Accomplished " banner and a photography series called " The Bush Years : Sex , Lies , and Videotape . "
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Exploratorium for Kids : Hands - on learning opportunities for kids .
( Suggestion : bring towels and swim suits for the waterboarding exhibit . )
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
The Blackwater Salon : Book clubs are welcome to meet here free of charge .
Please sign up early ; registration slots are filling up fast .
All book choices must be approved by the administration first .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/10/2009 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
The Mike Connell Computer Room : Beginning , intermediate , and advanced classes on the use of computers and other electronic media in politics .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 1/10/2009 @ 8:15 pm PT ...
THE JEFF GANNON ROOM
( KY optional )
anybody blown
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Off the Grid said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
The Mission Accomplished Room
when you turn the door handle a trap door opens and you fall into a bottomless pit .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstituionalConvention said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:50 pm PT ...
The Music Room : Where Bush beats his drum and does his African Jig knowing that he got away with War Crimes and gets to enjoy Secret Service protection and the best health care at taxpayer expense .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstitutionalConvention said on 1/10/2009 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
The Black Site Room : in the Blueprints , but does n't officially exist .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/11/2009 @ 4:11 am PT ...
The Government is Bad Room :
Where all of the Corporations hide their ill gotten gains from taxation .
Sorry , Full The John Boner Room : get your kleenex here .
The Mental Midget Room : where Mitch McConnell goes to get his talking points from Rove about Obamas new nominees .
Sorry , Full
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Luther Weeks said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:06 am PT ...
The Pardon Parlor Free admission to those with concealed smoking guns .
But hurry expected to fill up by Jan 20th .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Luther Weeks said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:12 am PT ...
The Palin 2012 Room See a painting of the sun in orbit of the earth .
Each visitor receives certification as a Foreign Policy expert .
Please , no magazines of newspapers .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 1/11/2009 @ 11:40 am PT ...
The Language Lab --- where you can don headphones and hear the new pronunciation of words such as " nuclear . "
The Modern Iraq History Wing , where you can review the background information which led to the Iraq War .
Highlights : Learn that Saddam Was Behind 9/11 ; that Saddam Would n't Let The Inspectors In ; how the rationale of Eliminate Imminent Danger from WMD 's morphed into Elminate the Potential of Future Danger from a Potential WMD Program , and how " Iraq is Swimming in a Sea of Oil " did n't mean that oil had anything to do with why we went to war , that No One Meant to Out a CIA Agent , It Was An Accident , that All The Intelligence Pointed to WMD's ; see the satellite photos that " fooled " Colin Powell and were shown to the UN .
And much , much more .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/11/2009 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
Great list !
But hey folks , have you voted for Brad today ?
https://bradblog.com/?p=6801
I did !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 1/11/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
the upside down room of nonjustice : whr regular folks r prosecuted for herb , seat belt violations , 3 cocktails while driving , not being a corporatation ( in general anything the nonjustice department can dream up ) while war criminals and the murderers of the constitution stand behind the false media and dance away the night
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Maureen Meyer said on 1/11/2009 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
The Ken Lay Memorial Chapel .
Gee , does n't that janitor look awfully familiar ?
And is that a Rolex he 's wearing ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/11/2009 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
If you register at change.org you can vote for a Department of Peace and Nonviolence ... make Walter Cronkite and Yoko Ono very happy , and get Dennis Kucinich in the cabinet ....
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Thick - Witted Liberal said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
Thank you Karen , but I think it should be spelled " Libary "
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 1/11/2009 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
Brad and John - NEWS FLASH Lee Stranahan has an article up at HuffPo that is of interest .
http://www.huffingtonpos...er-fraud-i_b_156972.html
Ann Coulter commits voting fraud again .
She registered to vote in New Canaan Connecticut using her parent 's address , but she does not live there .
This is a clear violation of CT 's election laws ( I lived in CT from 1979 to 2008 ) .
It appears that she was also registered to vote in FL ( her current real residence ) and NY ( where she often is ) .
It is believed that she has voted twice in CT while living in NY .
If this was n't enough , she has been using and publicizing an address in FL that is used as a government provided mail drop for victims of domestic violence .
I wonder who she did to get set up to use that .
Lee ties everything together nicely .
The story that prompted Lee was in the New York Daily News and Lee 's article has links to all of the pertinent articles and information .
Lee mentions the Palm Beach registration story .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Brian said on 1/11/2009 @ 11:38 pm PT ...
The 9/11 Room .
Even though this room is in one of 267 stories , between three towers made of high grade steel and concrete , it may explode to dust and molten lava due to fire ...
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Hussein Paine said on 1/12/2009 @ 12:34 am PT ...
The GWB IPC International Paralympic Training Center .
In recognition of outstanding and relentless scorched earth / grass roots policy of Paralympic athlete recruitment .
No one has give so many people from all over the world , the opportunity to potentially represent their country in the world 's 2nd biggest sporting event .
A wheelchair accessible pool , workout eqipment and gym for potential Paralympians who have been touched by W 's wars .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 1/12/2009 @ 6:14 am PT ...
The Foresight Void Chamber - where you will be able to ponder all the things that no one could possibly have foreseen .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/12/2009 @ 7:31 am PT ...
If the lie - berry does n't have the " Henry Lee Lucas Memorial Room " , I ain't goin ' .
The only person Bush commuted to life out of 150 or so executed as Governor of Texas , a man after his own heart .
That fact is so damned chilling to me .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:11 am PT ...
The Rumsfield Telco FIOS Tap Room
Where all public communications are recorded forever Connected to the ...
The Michael Connel IT Server Lab
Where government email and websites are overwritten , scrubbed , lost , or hacked Connected to the ...
The George W. Bush Sewage Treatment Plant
Yes all the grindings of the hard drive platters into sand flow freely here along with the raw sewage , and some unknown poison straight into the sea
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:33 am PT ...
The Sensory Deprivation Tank Room ,
where members of the public can see what it was like to be in his administration .
.
.
.
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... disillusioned said on 1/12/2009 @ 9:51 am PT ...
The PNAC room , where artifacts from Pearl Harbor and 9/11 are thoroughly intermixed .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/12/2009 @ 10:37 am PT ...
Hey 99 @ 30 , I just voted THANKS !
http://www.change.org/id...f_peace_and_non-violence
Dennis is the only congresscrappers ( Hi Zapper ) with a pair : http://www.democracynow...._arms_export_and_control
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Gary said on 1/13/2009 @ 8:40 am PT ...
The Afghanistan War Room
A room requiring your full attention , Oh Wait , there 's The Iraq War Room .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 1/13/2009 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
The War Room - where political campaigns are run The Campaign Room - where wars are planned & run The Press Room - where the admin .
writes the questions and answers to get their propaganda out The Coffee Cart :
It has coke , pretzels and all the other things Dubya used .
The Fun Room - where video of Bush ( having fun ) screaming at people are shown every day
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Tom Belt said on 1/14/2009 @ 7:51 am PT ...
The Senatorial Restroom
All stalls equipped for wide stance
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/15/2009 @ 1:11 am PT ...
The dana perano room , where bush STILL LIES .
" Aint she sharp an doable "
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/15/2009 @ 1:37 am PT ...
The Moz Top 500 Websites
Moz 's list of the most popular 500 websites on the internet .
We ’ve listed the top 500 most popular sites in the world based on Domain Authority , a link - based metric that models how Google ranks websites .
You can see the metrics of any website through Moz 's Link Explorer .
A law has just been passed in New Zealand that allows for alleged online copyright infringers to have their Internet access cut off before being proved guilty .
Organized crime is everywhere .
There 's the Sicilian Cosa Nostra , the American Mafia and the Russian Mafia .
There 's also the Japanese Yakuza and , until they got so wealthy from their realty holdings and legitimate businesses they could n't afford to be outside of the law , the Irish Sinn Fein .
The cynical among us might also include the barons of Wall Street and the cartels that control oil ( OPEC ) and diamonds ( DeBeers ) , along with the U.S. health insurance industry ( how they avoid being taken to court for their antitrust activities is a source of endless surprise to me ) .
There 's another type of group that is indeed organized and whose actions border on criminal and are dangerous to Internet users , and that is the various groups around the globe that claim to represent the recording industry .
These groups represent huge private corporations such as record labels and distributors and are remarkably powerful .
One such outfit , the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) , has just achieved something so outrageous , so stupendously immoral that it bears careful consideration .
Here 's the story : A law was recently passed in New Zealand that has created what many consider to be the world 's harshest copyright enforcement law .
This insanity , found in Sections 92A and C of New Zealand 's Copyright Amendment Act 2008 establishes – and I am not making this up – a guilt upon accusation principle !
Yep , you read that right .
This means that anyone accused of " copyright infringement " will get his Internet connection cut off ; and treated as guilty until proven innocent .
And if that were n't enough , this crazy legislation defines anyone providing Internet access as an ISP and makes them responsible for monitoring and cutting off Internet access for anyone who uses their services and is accused of copyright violations .
Thus libraries , schools , coffee shops , cafes – anyone offering any kind of Internet access – will be considered ISPs and become responsible and potentially liable .
How could this ridiculous idea have become law in one of the nicest , most civilized countries I 've ever visited ( I 've been to New Zealand twice and Kiwis , as they are called , are extremely friendly , relaxed , generous and hospitable , probably because they live in some of the most beautiful countryside on Earth ) .
The answer is that it is the result of immense pressure from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand .
In much the same way that the Recording Industry Association of America has used its massive legal resources to bully , harass and prosecute individuals alleged to have infringed copyright , so RIANZ lobbied and somehow managed to persuade New Zealand 's parliament that the law was just , reasonable and the right thing to do .
Consider that similar proposals have not only been rejected by the European Union , but have actually resulted in the European Parliament voting in favor of an amendment against such legislation .
The EU amendment prohibits member states from implementing laws that would allow the disconnection of people accused of file - sharing based on the often dubious " evidence " ( see " Tracking the Trackers " ) of anti-piracy groups .
This amendment -- which states that any such legislation " disconnecting alleged file - sharers based on evidence from anti-piracy lobby groups restricts the rights and freedoms of Internet users " -- put in a timely appearance given the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) has been lobbying hard for such laws and the French government was on the verge of actually implementing a bill similar to New Zealand's .
It seems that all of these industry meta - groups , the RIANZ , the BPI , and our own Recording Industry Association of America , just can't get their heads around the fact that they have a problem that can't be fixed the way they want it to be fixed .
Instead they resort to politics and bullying to get what they want and it seems that many governments are willing to go along .
How long until we see US law that mirrors the New Zealand law ?
Gibbs is somewhat cynical in Ventura , Calif .
Send your suspicions to backspin@gibbs.com .
Film - maker Nina Paley is close to having her award - winning feature film Sita Sings The Blues out of copyright jail and onto the Internet for free , decentralized distribution .
Our goal is to have the entire film available online by Saturday , March 7th .
We ’ll need some “ seed ” sites to host it : Internet servers with the capacity to offer around 10 GB of data for public download ( so we can make the film available at various resolutions ) .
If you or your institution has the bandwidth and storage for that , please contact us .
We ’ll work out a way to get the data to you .
Why March 7th ?
That night , Sita Sings
The Blues will be broadcast on New York ’s public television station WNET — Channel 13 ( see here for details ) .
Public television has a special exemption written into U.S. copyright law , such that they can show the film even when it ’s still in copyright jail for everyone else .
However , Nina Paley has made progress on finalizing contracts with the music composition copyright holders , and we believe we ’ll be able to release the entire film by then .
Since the New York showing will expose the film to a large new audience , when those people go to recommend it to all their friends , we want their friends to have an easy way to get it .
Note that free distribution really means free : you will be able to watch the film on your computer , make DVDs and distribute them , and hold public screenings ( the film will circulate online in high - resolution formats appropriate for screenings ) .
Your activities can be commercial or non-commercial , that ’s up to you .
Our thanks to all who have donated so far to enable this experiment in decentralized distribution !
But we can still use help : the rights clearance process — or rather , the “ restrictions clearance ” process — is not cheap .
So if you ’ve been considering donating to support Nina ’s effort , here ’s that link again .
Many women in the United State delay marriage to jump - start their careers , but women in numerous other countries tend to follow ancient traditions and marry young , sometimes too young .
A recent report by Boston University School of Public Health researcher Anita Raj and colleagues claims that half of Indian women aged 20 to 24 had been brides when they were under 18 , the legal age for marriage in India ; and more than 22 percent were married before age 16 .
Although young marriage might be accepted in India and frowned upon by other cultures , the real problem , the study shows , is that the bodies of women that age are simply not ready for reproduction , and so they suffer .
Reaching menarche , that is experiencing a menstrual period , is often considered the leap to womanhood for girls .
But that leap is much slower than a monthly period might indicate , and not really a sign that a human female is ready to reproduce .
Instead , all young women experience a time of " adolescent sterility " during which they have periods , but no ovulation , or when conception is a risky business because the reproductive organs are not yet fully formed in spite of menstrual cycling .
Interestingly , the same sort of time where female bodies seem adult , but are not , occurs in our non-humans primate cousins , the monkeys and apes .
Young female macaques might display big red swellings on their backsides that in adult females signal ovulation and the possibility of conception , but in young female monkeys it 's just practice .
These " little girls " might also be in the throes of hormonal urges , but behavioral research shows they have no idea what to do with their urges .
A young baboon with her first swelling will walk up to a male , present her bright red behind as if she is ready for sex , and then run away screaming .
Underage monkeys do become pregnant , but when they do , but they are sometimes inadequate mothers , and their bodies take a long time to reproduce again .
Although mating and pregnancy are the heart of reproductive success ( and evolution ) , nobody said it was the perfect system in any species .
Instead , it 's a process , and pushing that process only asks for trouble .
The girls in Raj 's study who married young experienced more unwanted pregnancies , they terminated their pregnancies more often , and more than 13 percent opted for sterilization .
No wonder .
Marriage under age 18 in India means no contraception and at least three babies born two years apart , a reproductive schedule that would exhaust any woman , under or over 18 .
Many of those pregnancies also do n't turn out well .
The March of Dimes reports that babies of teens are more at risk for premature birth and low birth weight , major health issues , and these babies die more often than babies of older mothers .
No matter the country , women are simply not ready to reproduce until they are adults , and that means after age 18 or even older when the body has had a few years of menstrual cycles under its belt and has become fully woman , rather than girl .
Culturally , we can push reproduction all we want , but biology let 's us know the limits .
Sex Quiz
The Shocking Truth About Married Girls
Women : News and Information
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
Her Human Nature column appears each Friday on LiveScience .
[ Human Nature Column Archive ]
Lloyds was next cab off the rank with a pledge from Chancellor Alistair Darling that the Government will insure up to 300 billion of toxic investments held by Lloyds Banking Group .
And the quid pro quo ?
The expectation that the banks provide extra loans worth 40 billion pounds to struggling home buyers and businesses .
The mind - boggling figures have created a kind of numbers fatigue in Britain as few can fathom the enormity of the interventions .
Inevitably , too , there are codas to the stories that describe continuing executive excess .
Indeed , just as RBS laid bare its dire results late on Thursday , it emerged that Sir Fred Goodwin , the bank 's former CEO , has begun drawing a pension of 650,000 pounds a year - at the age of 50 .
Widely blamed for the bank 's difficulties - and asked to step down by the Government before it would step in - the pot from which he draws his pension is worth 16 million pounds .
All this amid predictions that the bank 's imminent restructure could result in 20,000 jobs lost .
For the Briton struggling with a mortgage - or victim of forced redundancy - this kind of news is hard to stomach : the British welfare system , nipped and tucked over a decade and more , can offer about 60 a week in unemployment benefits .
More people can no longer afford to pay their mortgages and it is reported that somebody loses a home in Britain every seven minutes .
Few west European nations , with the exception of Iceland and , perhaps , Spain , has seen its financial situation wane so quickly and so brutally as Britain - and signs of fear and uncertainty are not restricted to economic charts .
They are there , in the real economy , visible everywhere .
Take a walk up any high street in London , even in the most affluent north around Hampstead and Primrose Hill or the leafy southern suburbs around Richmond , and a forest of signs do n't just advertise rock - bottom discounts , but " closing down " sales .
" To Let " signs are replacing the insignia of the local clothing boutique , while real estate agents ' windows , once smug with bloated prices , can't contain burgeoning photographs of property for sale and rent .
British house prices tracked by Nationwide , Britain 's largest building society , have fallen 17.6 % in the past year and despite some evidence from agents and house builders that inquiries have increased as prices fell and interest rates were cut , short - term predictions remain gloomy .
Service industries such as taxi companies are struggling , bars and restaurants are scrambling for custom - one high - end London restaurant has asked diners to pay what they think the meal is worth - while newspapers , magazines and websites abound with articles on " beating the recession " .
Abdul , an Afghan - born father of two , works for a north London minicab company which has about 200 self - employed drivers .
He says that calls from clients in The City , London 's steel and glass financial district , which was previously the company 's major source of work , have dropped by more than half : " It is very quiet .
We are all working longer shifts and more days ... and still it is not the same . "
Everywhere , retailers are trying to find new ways to harness the marketing value of the new austerity and to survive : Marks and Spencers , the iconic British retail giant , recently placed what have been dubbed the first " credit crunch rings " onto their website .
A wedding band encrusted in diamonds and an engagement ring set with a huge , eye - watering solitaire - but made of platinum - sprayed tin alloy and well - cut glass - and costing 18 pounds for the two .
Some food and drink sectors seem to be the only ones offering a glimmer of good news : frozen food sales are reporting a bounce as have several fast - food chains , including Kentucky Fried Chicken , which has flagged the creation of 9000 new jobs in Britain in an expansion plan worth 150 million .
KFC chief executive Martin Shuker said this week that the recession had helped the company increase market share as it fed consumers ' burgeoning appetite for cheaper food .
" There are n't many companies that can be so positive in this market .
We are delighted to be able to announce this significant investment , " he said .
The dramatic turn in Britain 's fortunes is particularly stark because the nation seemed to have it so good for so long .
Tory prime minister Margaret Thatcher began the economic renaissance more than 20 years ago , breaking up and privatising the country 's ailing manufacturing industries and deregulating the financial sector .
Then , New Labour and Tony Blair continued reform of the financial sector , maintaining a light hand on regulation and slashing capital gains taxes .
For a decade and a half , Britain metamorphosed into a new , glistening , post - industrial , globalised economy , one largely driven by a massive financial sector .
In London , which became home to the world 's private equity and hedge fund companies , confidence hit the sky and bonuses doubled , tripled quadrupled to a dizzying , annual 8.5 billion pounds at the height of the boom .
Everyone , from the restaurants that fed the bankers to the boutiques that dressed them , felt rich .
House prices boomed , people felt buoyant - and borrowed more on their assets .
Then , the British real estate bubble popped , hitting the residential and then the commercial sector .
It was only 18 months ago that Northern Rock , a mid-market mortgage lender , foundered and needed nationalisation , and most believed it would end there .
But then there was a run on the banks .
Recession hit formally in the fourth quarter last year and the crisis that at first seemed confined to London is now everywhere .
According to British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , now facing another dramatic slump in the polls , the challenge faced by Britain is the same challenge facing every other nation : encouraging banks to start lending again .
Announcing that Northern Rock was poised to revive its home loan arm , Mr Brown insisted this week that the Government 's guarantee of banks ' bad debt would help restore confidence and reboot lending stymied by the credit squeeze .
But according to Mervyn King , the governor of the Bank of England , who gave evidence to the Treasury Select Committee on Thursday , not only is it almost " impossible to say " just how much capital will be needed in the end to shore up the ailing banking system , but the nation was already so deep in debt before the crisis hit that it was making any move towards recovery more difficult .
Speaking before a panel of senior MPs , he ticked off the Labour Government by saying debt levels meant that Britain 's fiscal stimulus package had to be smaller than other countries .
" I do think public debt matters .
We get to this crisis with levels of public borrowing that were too high and that made it difficult , " he said .
Mr King warned that Britain had yet to ascertain " what is really on the balance sheets of the major banks " , a process he warned could take many more months .
Loading
He also made clear the Bank of England 's plan to embark on quantitative easing - often called printing money - was an additional boost to the economy given that interest rates are set at a record low of 1 % .
" The problem at present is not that the amount of money in the economy is growing too rapidly , threatening a big inflationary surge .
It is that the amount of money in the economy is growing too slowly , " he said .
The central bank is due to take its next decision on interest rates next Thursday .
Until then , Britons will be hanging on to their hats - and RBS boss Sir Fred Goodwin says he will hang on to his pension .
A joint biofuels study by Sandia National Laboratories and GM ’s R&D Center in 2008 concluded that the large - scale production of advanced biofuels produced from plant and forestry waste and dedicated energy crops in volumes well beyond the level required by the Renewable Fuel Standard is achievable and sustainable by 2030 .
Among the study ’s findings ( see graph above ) is that the capital expenditure required for developing 60 billion gallons of cellulosic ethanol is equivalent to or less than that required for new long - term petroleum production .
The study represents the first true value - chain approach to assessing the feasibility , implications , limitations , and enablers of large - scale production of biofuels in the United States said Robert Carling , Director , Transportation Energy Center at Sandia .
The “ 90 - Billion Gallon Biofuel Deployment Study ” used a new tool developed by Sandia — the Biofuels Deployment Model ( BDM ) — to determine that 90 billion gallons of ethanol can be produced per year in the US : 15 billion gallons per year from corn ethanol , with the balance from cellulosic ethanol .
Ninety billion gallons of ethanol ( the energy equivalent of approximately 60 billion gallons of gasoline — about one - third of projected consumption by 2030 ) per year by 2030 was chosen as the book - end target to understand the requirements of an aggressive biofuels deployment schedule .
The focus of this study was to develop a comprehensive systems understanding of the evolution of the complete biofuels supply chain and key interdependencies over time .
The study also evaluated a scenario with 15 billion gallons of corn-derived ethanol and 21 billion gallons of cellulosic ethanol by 2022 , an amount that meets the Energy Independence and Security Act advanced biofuels mandate .
In this scenario , cellulosic ethanol continues to ramp up to 45 billion gallons per year by 2030 , for a total ethanol production of 60 billion gallons per year .
Producing 45 billion gallons per year cellulosic ethanol by 2030 requires 480 million tons of biomass , of which 215 million tons comes from dedicated energy crops .
Allowing for storage , loss , and immature perennial crops , these energy crops utilize 48 million acres of planted cropland from what is now idle or pasture .
The simulations assume technological progress in the conversion technologies , which results in average biomass conversion yields of over 95 gallons of ethanol per dry ton of biomass by 2030 .
The study examined four sources of biofuels : agricultural residue , such as corn stover and wheat straw ; forest residue ; dedicated energy crops , including switchgrass ; and short rotation woody crops , such as willow and poplar trees .
Sandia ’s analysis included land use , water availability , energy used to produce cellulosic biomass , transportation of feedstocks and other potential leverage points for the development and use of cellulosic biofuels .
In conducting its research , Sandia utilized models that examined current and future technologies for development of ethanol .
In the study , conversion technologies are linked with specific feedstocks .
For each new plant constructed , the BDM selected a feedstock / conversion pair resulting in the lowest cost of ethanol .
Sensitivity analyses were conducted to determine key parameters affecting production volumes , cost , and greenhouse gas savings .
The effectiveness and costs of selected policy options to mitigate potential barriers were also examined .
The study used state - level granularity in its assessments , rather than a national model .
The BDM is a ‘ Seed to Station ’ system dynamics model .
The researchers chose system dynamics as the primary modeling approach because it is well suited to dynamic , non-linear problems involving time - varying inputs and feedback : two central features of the biofuels industry .
Although the 90 Billion Gallon Study focused only on starch - based and cellulosic ethanol , the BDM can be used with other types of advanced biofuel processes and molecules as well .
Among the findings of the study are :
Achieving RFS2 ( 36 billion gallons by 2022 ) can be achieved by successful deployment of cellulosic biofuels ( in addition to the baseline 15B gallons of corn ethanol ) , without displacing current crops grown .
Transportation and distribution challenges , while substantial , are not insurmountable .
Cellulosic biofuels can compete with oil at $ 90 / bbl without subsidy assuming : average conversion yield of 91 gallons per dry ton of biomass ; average conversion plant capital expenditure of $ 3.60 per installed gallon of nameplate capacity ; and average farmgate feedstock cost of $ 40 per dry ton .
Sensitivity analyses varying these assumptions individually gave potential cost - competitiveness with oil priced at $ 70 / bbl to $ 120 / bbl .
At $ 50 / bbl oil price , a $ 50 / ton GHG tax keeps subsidies required for cellulosic ethanol below $ 8B per year ; a price of $ 100 / ton keeps it under $ 2B per year .
Feedstocks for 45B gallons of cellulosic ethanol can be grown in states requiring little or no irrigation .
60B gal of biofuels would require only 5 % of total 2030 water consumption ; food and feed production requires 75 % .
Large - scale cellulosic biofuel production can be achieved at / below current water consumption levels of petroleum fuels from on - shore oil production and refining .
60B gallons of ethanol provides annual greenhouse gas ( GHG ) savings of 260 million tons of CO2e per year , excluding GHG emissions from land use change .
The energy in cellulosic ethanol is about 3.8 times the energy content of fossil fuels used for the entire supply chain ( production and distribution ; numbers based , in part , on assumptions in GREET ) .
This is about 4 times the net energy ratio for gasoline ( 0.8 ) .
Continued support of R&D and initial commercialization is critical because sustained technological progress and commercial validation is a prerequisite to affordably producing the large volumes of ethanol considered in this study .
Policy incentives such as a federal cap and trade program , carbon taxes , excise tax credits and loan guarantees for cellulosic biofuels are important to mitigate the risk of oil market volatility .
Sandia enjoys a longstanding relationship with all the major US automakers and has worked previously with GM on a variety of automotive research activities .
Sandia also plays a major role in the Joint BioEnergy Institute ( JBEI ) and several other transportation energy and biofuels projects .
You can read a ( PDF ) of the 90 - Billion Gallon Biofuel Deployment Study Executive Summary
Sixty - two percent of respondents say their confidence in Washington has decreased over the past 12 months .
Poll finds low trust in feds
A majority of voters say their confidence in the federal government ’s ability is falling , according to a new Public Strategies Inc. / Politico poll .
Sixty - two percent of respondents say their confidence in Washington has decreased over the past 12 months , while only 8 percent said their confidence has increased .
Less than a third of those polled said their confidence in the federal government remained the same .
Advertisement
The poll , conducted Dec. 17 - 21 , surveyed 1,000 registered voters nationwide .
That lack of confidence is demonstrated by the percentage of voters who think the country is on the right path : 65 percent said the country is on the wrong track , while 35 percent believe the country is heading in the right direction .
That pessimism extends to perceptions of the future , as half of all respondents described the likelihood that the next generation of Americans will enjoy a better life than we do today as either “ not very much ” or “ none at all . ”
The major source of dissatisfaction is the state of the economy and the government ’s response to the financial crisis .
Only 5 percent said they have a “ great deal ” of trust that the federal government will manage its finances responsibly , while 23 percent expressed “ some ” trust that the government will be financially responsible .
Meanwhile , an overwhelming 63 percent of respondents described their amount of trust as “ not very much ” or “ none at all . ”
See Also Public Trust Monitor survey results
Despite the glaring lack of confidence , voters want action to aid the economy .
When asked which issue should be the biggest priority , 45 percent listed an economic stimulus package with a focus on employing out - of - work Americans .
None of the other options — which included health care reform , a national energy policy , financial services industry reform and withdrawal from Iraq — were rated as the top priority by more than 16 percent of voters .
Voters also indicated a desire for prompt action and expressed little concern that the incoming Obama administration may go “ too far ” in executing some of its many desired goals to revitalize the economy .
Just 13 percent worried that the government will go too far in cutting taxes on the middle class , and only 24 percent worried it will go too far in increasing taxes on corporations .
A majority of voters , meanwhile , expressed fear that the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on corporations or on households making more than $ 200,000 .
Forty - two percent feared the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on corporations , and 37 percent said the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on those earning more than $ 200,000 .
Twenty - eight percent feared it would go too far in taxing those households .
Will Obama 's Office of Faith Based Initiatives use " common ground " to replace any real discussion of the reproductive health issues at hand or to help find places of intersection ?
Is finding common ground always a good thing ?
I fear that this phrase - du - juor " common ground " will come to replace
any real discussion of the issues .
What is " real discussion " ?
It ’s talking about what , exactly , " abortion reduction " means in policy terms .
It ’s talking about why family planning funding still , in this day and age , needs to be not only defended but explained as a critical health service ?
It ’s talking about why , if comprehensive sexual health education includes strong abstinence messages , anti-choice advocates still oppose it and what we can do to ensure that all young people – not just those that religious extremists deem worthy – deserve a strong sex -ed program .
Is finding common ground always a
good thing ?
I understand finding the places of intersection , sure .
I
understand respectful dialogue and discussion that actually encourages
movement rather than stagnation .
But what does it mean when , without
the proper groundwork laid for true , honest discussion of the more
contentious culture war issues of our time , we plunge into the attempt
at " common ground " public policy ?
We see legislation introduced
like the Pregnant Women ’s Support Act as a " common ground " attempt at
addressing the abortion issue by removing any discussion of abortion –
or unintended pregnancy .
It ’s not hard to see , as Cristina Page writes
on our site , why those who advocate for medically accurate ,
factual information in the provision of women ’s health services would
not support a bill that funnels money to religous - based , " pregnancy
support " organizations that proslyetize while failing to provide even
the slimmest amount of actual medical information ( with no licensed
health care providers on staff , either ) .
This would n’t be so bad if the
above was simply a bill to " support pregnant women " but the bill has
been and is being touted as an attempt at reaching common ground , one of the tenets of which is " abortion reduction . "
So it was a bit startling for me to read about President Obama ’s decision , announced yesterday , to maintain the Office of Faith - Based and Neighborhood Initiatives
which will focus , in one of four missions , on " reducing teen pregnancy
and reducing the need for abortion . "
Reducing teen pregnancy is a
virtuous and appropriate goal for the federal administration – as is
reducing unintended pregnancies ( which would have the natural result of
reducing abortions ) .
But it ’s unclear to me why these issues are being
placed under the Office of Faith - Based Initiatives , or how faith - based
organizations that receive federal funds will use said funds to " reduce
the need for abortion " or reduce teen pregnancy .
As Time reported , President Obama was clear on the
campaign trail that he disagreed with some of the decisions made by
President Bush about the ways in which the office was run :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
" If
you get a federal grant , " Obama said then , " you ca n’t use that grant
money to proselytize to the people you help , and you ca n’t discriminate
against them — or against the people you hire — on the basis of their
religion . "
But yesterday , in his announcement , he made
no such claim only going so far as to say that issues such as those
above should be " decided on a case by case basis . "
As for Obama’s
pronouncement on the trail that " We will also ensure that taxpayer
dollars only go to those programs that actually work " , it ’s equally as
vague how the office will actually accomplish that .
According to Time
Magazine ,
It was a pledge Bush made as well in the
early days of the faith - based initiative , insisting that " results "
would be the only criterion by which programs were judged .
But
measuring the effectiveness of programs that receive government money
turns out to be a monumental task , and the Bush Administration never
did implement a widespread assessment program .
While
it may be true that assessing the effectiveness of government funded
programs is a monumental task , let it be noted that the government has
done it successfully in relation to tax - payer funded , ideologically
based , abstinence only programs – the results of which the Bush administration
promptly ignored .
Last year , the Mathematica Report , conducted by the
federal government , concluded that after over $ 1 billion in taxpayer
funds to state level abstinence only programs , said programs failed to
teach young people to abstain from sexual activity and did not delay
the age of sexual initiation .
So , when President Obama declares
that the Office of Faith Based Initiatives is going to take on the
reduction of teen pregnancy and the need for abortion , one has to ask ,
how exactly ?
With such a mission at the heart of an office expressly formed to funnel federal funds to faith and neighborhood based programs , there is cause for concern .
This office could very well continue to support abstinence - only programs via faith - based organizations that make a case for the continued funding .
Further , I have written this before and I will write it
again – " abortion reduction " or " reducing the need for abortion " is a poor excuse for a goal .
For one thing , most women do not " need " an abortion – they decide to
have an abortion based on a variety of personal and private factors .
The
goal ?
Improving women ’s access to health services including family
planning for women and their partners , contraception and overall sexual
and reproductive health services .
The goal ?
Improving every young
person ’s sexual and reproductive health and well - being by providing
comprehensive sexual health education that teaches them how to protect
and care for their health , how to navigate their own sexuality ( this is
very different from teaching young people " how to have sex " as
anti-choice voices who seem utterly terrified of sexuality twist these
words to mean ) and how to engage in healthy relationships .
Though the Office includes a 25 member advisory board , the board has yet to be solidified .
Some emerging common ground organizations have already proclaimed their love for Obama ’s efforts at tackling " difficult issues " like poverty , hunger and of course " abortion reduction . "
Faith in Public Life was fairly jubilant in their affirmation of Obama ’s council picks ,
" The religious leaders included in the President ’s Council embody this ideological and religious diversity , as well as a shared commitment to results and the common good . "
I remain cautious about the ways in which the Office of Faith Based Initiatives is going to tackle critical health care issues like the reduction of teen pregnancy and the need for abortion , considering the larger issues of access to family planning , contraception , comprehensive sexual education and more that have yet to be addressed .
Will the new advisory council be able to come to consensus on these issues ?
The list below includes some of the more well - known faith voices Obama has reached out to and includes Pastor Joel Hunter , a man known for turning down ( some say " released from " ) a position leading the Christian Coalition for his opinions on re-prioritizing the religious right organization ’s agenda from being first and foremost an anti-abortion organizaion to working to combat poverty , hunger , global warming , HIV / AIDS .
Reverend Jim Wallis has been a vocal advocate for a more " common ground " approach to reproductive rights issues .
photos © 2008 Donna H. Chiarelli
It must be about 4 years now , maybe a few more , that we here at the Dutch Ghetto have been traveling down to Delaware to photograph these wonderful birds , the Osprey .
These birds are sometimes called a Fish Hawk .
Our favorite nest in is Lewes , and this year they banded and put a tracking device on the chick from that nest .
The chick ’s name is Little Ricky .
His parents are Lucy and Ricky .
Do n’t ask — they were named by some interested folk at the University of Delaware .
Something about someone who used to work there had the name Lucy , and the story goes from there .
We have a photo of the chick when he was still being fed by the parents here .
( Osprey are the sweetest , most doting parents , fascinating to watch )
Also here ’s a photo of Big Ricky being the show - off hunter he is .
He does a “ fly by ” to show what nice fish he caught before he eats , then later lands in the nest to allow Lucy to feed herself and the young bird .
If you check out this link : Little Ricky ’s Migration Maps , you can see how once this chick grew to full size , he started fishing himself , hung around the Delaware Shore area for a bit , then on October 6 of this year he took off and is now hanging out in Miami .
Nice digs .
Some Osprey fly much further south .
We have heard once the young fly south , they hang out there for 3 years and when they reach sexual maturity , they fly back to where they were hatched themselves and look for a mate and nest .
Many nests are renovated each season , and some nests have been used over and over for 70 years !
The nest is a large heap of sticks , driftwood and seaweed built in forks of trees , rocky outcrops , utility poles , artificial platforms or offshore islets .
Just amazing creatures .
Hope you enjoy the look at one of our favorite birds to photograph .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Birds , Nature
Tags : Osprey , Photography
Even the new rules allow companies some leeway .
While giving shareholders a say in bonuses above the cap and restricting when stock incentives can be cashed in , the rules do not place limits on the size of such awards , which have become the biggest part of many compensation packages .
In addition , the toughest new rules apply only to large companies seeking government assistance to survive .
They do not apply to the more than 350 institutions that have already received bailout funds , only to those that seek aid under the next phase of the bailout program .
And companies that seek aid but do not need exceptional government assistance can waive the $ 500,000 pay cap , as long as they submit their executive pay policies to a nonbinding shareholder vote .
Still , the rules represent the most comprehensive effort to curb compensation .
“ This is America , ” Mr. Obama said on Wednesday .
“ We do n’t disparage wealth .
We do n’t begrudge anybody for achieving success .
And we believe that success should be rewarded .
But what gets people upset — and rightfully so — are executives being rewarded for failure .
Especially when those rewards are subsidized by U.S. taxpayers . ”
In 2007 , the latest year that figures are available , the largest participants in the bailout program paid their chief executives an average compensation of $ 11 million , including salary , bonus and benefits .
Of that amount , according to a review by Equilar , an executive compensation firm , only about $ 844,000 was cash salary .
About $ 2.5 million was in a cash bonus , with the bulk — $ 7.4 million — in stock awards , and the remainder in benefits and perks .
If banks return to the government for more money , the new rules would require a reduction in pay , but not in stock awards , though these would be subject to a non-binding vote of the shareholders and would be in the form of long - term incentives because of restrictions on when they could be cashed in .
Here ’s something to kill a little time today , idiot drivers at their best .
These may not all be new to you , but it ’s still amusing to see them all strung together to Hamster Dance music .
It ’s too obvious to make the joke that these are all women drivers , hell even the video clip does it .
So instead I ’ll assume these were all cat drivers , much like Toonces , the driving cat from the late 1980s and early 1990s Saturday Night Live .
and one more just for fun …
and here ’s some photos for you to ponder …
Listening to podcasted versions of university lectures seems to be better for students than simply going to class , according to new research by State University of New York ( SUNY ) Fredonia psychologist Dani McKinney .
Her study , titled " iTunes University and the classroom : Can podcasts replace Professors ? " suggests that students who download the podcast version of a class tend to achieve better academic performance than those who do n't , though it 's more about what the students do when they download the podcast than the existence of the podcast itself .
In order to study how students soaked up information , McKinney and her team gave a psychology lecture to 64 students .
The students were then split into groups after the lecture , one group receiving printed slides and the other being instructed to download the podcast , which was synchronized with video of the slides .
The students were instructed to keep notes , as they were to be tested on the material a week later .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , the podcast group performed better on the test ( an average of 71 out of 100 ) than those who only went to the lecture ( 62 out of 100 ) , and those students who listened to the podcast more than once and took notes averaged a 77 .
Clearly , the note - taking factor contributed to the overall scores .
As someone who was in college before podcasting became popular but after sending students home with PowerPoint printouts became all the rage , I know from experience that many students think that printed slides are merely notes in prepackaged form .
McKinney acknowledged that the students who downloaded the podcast simply seemed to do better with taking notes and paying closer attention to what was being said , as they were able to go back and repeat parts of the lecture they had trouble understanding .
" It is n't so much that you have a podcast , it 's what you do with it , " she told New Scientist .
As for whether podcasts can replace professors , McKinney stops short of suggesting that all classrooms become virtual .
She refers to them as a supplemental tool to a traditional lecture that can help students gain a better understanding of the material and also help free up professors from answering repetitive questions .
The takeaway ?
Go to class , take notes , listen to the podcast , and take more notes .
Long - term readers of this series on the Hugo awards may recall that it started by raising the question of why critics sneer at science fiction .
Now that I 've read up to the ninth award - winner , Philip K Dick 's The Man in the High Castle , I 'd be tempted to put the question a different way – largely unprintable , but definitely containing the words " so - called " and " fools " .
Before anyone accuses me of setting up straw men in the form of these doubting critics , I should admit that I was once among their number .
I know the ignorance of which I speak .
I also know the cure : to read the Hugo award winners from 1960 - 1963 .
Robert Heinlein's Starship Troopers , Walter M Miller Jr's A Canticle for Leibowitz , and Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land are classics by any reckoning , and they all influenced culture and literature far beyond the confines of the SF community .
The Man in a High Castle is better still .
It has helped shape an entire field of modern fiction : alternate history .
It 's the definition of genre - defining .
Its effectiveness can be judged on just how familiar the premise will seem even to those who have n't read the book : Roosevelt was assassinated during his first term , the Axis powers won the second world war , the US was divided by the victors , and the world – of course – is very different as a result .
Many other counterfactual books were written before this one .
The point is not that it was the first , but that it was – and remains – such a fine example .
Almost everything about it works , even the writing .
One of the many stories told about Philip K Dick is that he was a mine of great ideas , but a bottomless pit for amphetamines , and that his habit affected his ability to write elegantly .
Certainly , that 's true for some of his books , but here the prose is mainly spare and effective .
Occasionally , maybe , he was typing faster than he could think .
Taken out of context , sentences such as the following can seem odd and off - putting :
" Brief instant , as if I rose to the surface and saw unencumbered .
Life is short , he thought .
Art , or something not life , is long , stretching out endless , like concrete worm . "
But taken together , they add up to a whole that is coherent and vivid .
There 's plenty of tasty political intrigue and tension in a story strand about a spy 's attempts to inform the Japanese about Nazi plans to use nuclear weapons against them .
But it 's the focus on a few other more ordinary , small - scale characters that really brings home the magnitude of the horror in this alternate reality .
For example : Robert Childan sells antique American collectibles to the Japanese and loses all dignity in simultaneously hating and longing to be like his imperial masters .
Frank
Fink creates these " antiques " in a factory and spends his life hunted , hiding his Jewish identity under a fake name but earning his living in a way that seems certain to bring him unwanted attention .
Juliana , Frink 's ex-wife , strikes up a relationship with an Italian truck driver , only to discover he has murder in mind …
These are real humans rather than conventional heroes .
They are bewildered , afraid and overwhelmed by their circumstances .
Atrocities touch them mainly as distant rumours .
The murder of just about everyone in Africa , for instance , is reported only in passing , and the fact that we hear as little about it as the characters makes it all the more chilling .
I 'd almost be tempted to compare this to something by Raymond Carver ( the two writers share an air of quiet desperation , and a power that comes through things left unsaid ) if there were n't also so many of Dick 's trademark head - spinning riffs on the nature of reality .
Nothing in the book is as it seems .
Most characters are not what they say they are , most objects are fake – and the history that is supposed to imbue the artefacts Childan 's customers long for is shown to be entirely intangible .
What differentiates a cigarette lighter Roosevelt was holding when he was assassinated from an exact copy ?
Nothing we can perceive , anyway .
History and fiction become even more confused in a book - within - the - book ( called , perplexingly , The Grasshopper Lies Heavy ) which presents another counterfactual scenario in which the Allies won the war , but the British Empire came out with all the power .
These ideas are then completely nuked when the I - Ching – which most characters play , and which Dick said guided his hand as he wrote – suggests the world in the second book might be the real one …
It 's a mark of Dick 's achievement that he can keep us transfixed as he guides us through this labyrinth .
Though he provides no easy answers , leaves all his plot strands deliberately trailing and gives us nothing more to grab hold of than a delicious ambiguity , we are left feeling entirely satisfied .
It 's some book .
Next time : Way Station by Clifford D Simak .
Who 's winning the Metroid cosplay wars ?
The Swedes looked to have had it locked down , thanks to Samus cosplayer Jenni Källberg .
But Brazil has fired a shot across Sweden 's bow , one named Thaís .
Advertisement
26 - year - old Thaís Jussim is the one responsible for the beautifully crafted Samus Aran space suit seen above , one the Brazilian Metroid Prime fan assembled over the course of six months .
The beast of a bounty hunter suit is lit by 73 battery powered LEDs and set Jussim back $ 350 in material costs .
Advertisement
Jussim , who created the suit with the help of friends and family , says the suit weighs about 23 pounds and is surprisingly not very comfortable .
Who would have guessed .
Jussim also reveals that there 's , uh ...
Zero Suit Samus cosplay in the works , by the way .
It 's her next project .
* ahem *
Anyway , if you 'd like to see more shots of the costume and learn more about the woman behind the visor , read on .
( Oh , and sorry for the lateness on this one .
You'd be amazed how little time I spend on cosplay web sites . )
Metroid [ DeviantArt - thanks , Amy ! ]
The MDb Interviews Samus Aran !
[ Metroid Database - thanks , Ryan ! ]
Due to numerous requests , this time , we put the right answer BELOW the picture (s ) so that you could guess whether a story is true or not )
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
All these photos passed through Photoshop .
It ’s not surprising .
A few manipulations and the girls from a concentration camp are ready .
Story # 2
Sergeant Rich Kelly from the police of the state of Indiana was sitting in his car on the roadside .
Then , a truck crashed into his car on a high speed .
Not only Sergeant Kelly , the father of 4 children , did survive , but he remained almost intact .
He got out of the car and called 911 .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
The accident took place on 5 September , 2006 .
The most interesting is that it happened twice to the Sergeant .
Story # 3
The car slid off the road , hit the guardrail and stopped on the edge of the cliff .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
The accident happened on 30 December , 2006 on State Route 59 , Utah .
The police confirmed that these pictures corresponded to the road accident that occurred there that day .
Story # 4
Eagle painted helicopter .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It is the Mi-24 Hind that belongs to the Hungarian Air Force .
But it has been decommissioned in 2004 no longer exists .
Story # 5
American soldiers wrote on the aircraft carrier FUCK YOU IRAQ
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
In reality , they did write a phrase but not this one .
Responding to then President Bush ’s admonition Be Ready , the sailors wrote READY NOW .
The original photo is above .
Story # 6
An 18 year old girl took her father ’s Porshe 911 Carrera and had a mortal accident .
Some time later , these photos were on the internet and everybody sent them to each other with this inscription : DON ’T DRINK AND DRIVE .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
Just one thing – she was n’t drunk .
It happened in California on 31 October , 2006 .
She was driving at over 100 MPH .
The collision with another car occurred when she wanted to pass it .
Her car was kicked on the opposite side of the road and slammed into a toll booth .
The girl died instantly at crash scene .
Story # 7
A man is falling from a building and people at a window are trying to catch him .
This picture was in the internet with such description : “ A friend of mine sent me this unbelievable picture …
It ’s not a fake ”
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
It ’s a photograph of Li Wei that dates from 2003 .
Story # 8
A Boeing 737 is losing its tail after a mid-air collision .
The plane crashed in Brazil .
The Story # 8 claims that these pictures were taken by one of the passengers just before it hit the ground .
The pictures were removed from the camera ’s memory stick .
Thanks to the camera ’s serial number its owner could be found .
He survived the accident and now has a wife and two girls .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
These pictures have nothing to do with an accident .
These are screen shots from the popular series “ LOST ” .
Those who knew this series had already recognized it .
Those who did n’t , started to post them on the forums .
Story # 9
A dumb photographer jumps from one rock to another in the Grand Canyon to take a picture of a sunset .
The depth of the Canyon here is 900 meters .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : NOT COMPLETELY LIE
The pictures are real .
This place is very popular among tourists .
The fact is that , the whole between two rocks is only of 1 , 5 meter depth and is safe .
You can see it on the last picture .
But because of the pictures ’ angle it gives an illusion that there ’s a real whole and that the photographer is risking his life by jumping around .
Story # 10
The police are carrying Ronald McDonald by the hands .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
But !
This is not the real person ; it ’s just a Ronald figure that students hung on the tree .
Story # 11
A guy has been living 8 years in this apartment in Ogden , Utah .
The owner said he was the best renter because he never complained .
After he left the apartment , the owner changed his mind and said it was “ the sickest thing he ’s ever seen ’ .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
They estimated there were 70.000 empty beer cans .
Has he really drank nearly 24 beer cans average per day ?
Maybe he brought them already empty , the mystery remains .
Story # 12
We can see on the pic a huge penis of the whale .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
It ’s not a whale but a whale shark .
And whale sharks do n’t have a penis .
For what we see on the photo , a zoologist will need to be asked .
Story # 13
During the construction of a 80 storey building in Dubai , the water from the bay broke the wall and overwhelmed the site .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It happened in February 2007 .
Story # 14
Photograph of Michael Jackson ’s face .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
This picture has been taken during Jackson ’s 13 November 2002 court trial .
Story # 15
A plane lost one of its jet engine ’s hull .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
On the 13th of October , 2004 a passenger of AirTran Airline took this picture during the flight .
They made a u-turn for the plane to be repaired .
In fact , it was not as bad as it looks on the pic .
Story # 16
During the take - off , one of the plane ’s jet engines took fire .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
It ’s just a photoshopped picture .
Proof is on the 2nd picture .
Story # 17
These pictures could be seen everywhere on the net .
They said we could see the prototype of a new military aircraft F / A - 37 “ Talon ” .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
These are pictures from the movie Stealth .
Story # 18
The picture of a fox among hunting dogs .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
Photoshop again .
We can see the original picture of the fox used for this photomontage on the 2nd photograph .
Story # 19
The huge liger Hercules and his owners ( The liger is a hybrid cross between a male lion and a female tiger ) .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It ’s the most known liger in the world .
He ’s big , handsome and nice .
Story # 20
We can see on the picture a moose hanging from power cables .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It happened in Alaska .
The poor creature hung on the cables when they were on the ground .
In the morning , the workers pulled the cables up without noticing the moose .
When they lowered him down , they had to shoot the animal .
Story # 21
A giant rabbit .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It lives in Germany .
Story # 22
A dog after he met a porcupine .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
The dog is called Inka .
Story # 23
People take photos of items they want to sell on on - line auction sites that are too revealing .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
This is also called « reflectoporn ».
It ’s a form of exhibitionism in which a naked man or woman takes a photograph of an object with a reflective surface in such a way that his or her naked body can be seen in the reflection .
Story # 24
A woman hid behind a dashboard of a car trying to pass the US - Mexico border .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
These photos were published in the U.S. Customs Today in September 2001 .
Story # 25
George Bush holds the book and a telephone tube upside - down .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
It ’s a manipulated picture .
But very funny though :)
Story # 26
Glass toilet .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It is made from reflective glass walls and situated in London near one museum as an art project .
Story # 27
These photos had the attached explanation : “ All , please wash all bras , underwear when you buy before wearing them .
We do not know what parasite is in our clothes when we buy them .
If not , you risk to have a breast rash caused by South American larvae “ .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
This is one of manipulated photographs .
The picture of a lotus seed pod has been combined with a picture of a woman ’s breast .
Story # 28
A Chupacabra ’s head was found .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
This photo is a work of Charlie White for his exhibit “ In a Matter of Days ” .
Story # 29
A shark is pursuing a man in kayak .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It ’s a real photograph of a man and a white shark taken in the South Africa .
Story # 30
The golfers are running away from a grizzly bear .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
This incident took place in Montana .
Story # 31
A white - haired black bear with its mother .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It ’s rare but it happens sometimes .
Photographs were shot in Canada .
Story # 32
A girl and her huge cat .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
Just a big cat .
Story # 33
An American soldier in Irak with a decoration saying : doing the work of …
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
The 2nd picture is the original .
Story # 34
A tow truck fell in the water while towing a car which was already in the water .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : TRUE
It happened in Ireland in 2004 .
Story # 35
To color your cat this way will cost you $ 15.000 and you need to do it every 3 months .
Are you ready to pay $ 60.000 per year for that ?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Verdict : LIE
Photoshop … once again .
Photographs come from a funny book “ Why paint cats ” .
But people can believe in everything ) )
Firefox 's rich add - on ecosystem allows us to bend the browser to our will and deck it out with features to do almost anything .
If you are a blogger , there are quite a few add - ons that can turn Firefox into a great tool for drafting posts , saving Web snippets , finding topical content , and more .
We 're going to look at just a few of these to help inspire your inner wordsmith .
ScribeFire for blogging
To start blogging with Firefox , you will probably need a tool that actually lets you blog .
Most blogging platforms these days — be they hosted like Blogger or self - installed like Movable Type — offer some kind of easy blogging tools and bookmarklets , but the ScribeFire add - on for Firefox has some powerful features for those who cannot pen by AJAX alone .
A longtime reigning champion among Firefox blogging add - ons , ScribeFire is compatible with a wide variety of services , allows users to manage published entries , and offers a handful of features typically found only in desktop software .
You can right - click a chunk of selected text to create a new post with it already inserted , or even drag photos from a webpage into Scribe Fire 's editor window .
A wealth of text tools , the ability to save drafts , and integration with blog directory services like Technorati and Ping - O - Matic , make Scribe Fire the first stop on any blogger 's Firefox add - on list .
Zemanta for collecting content on the fly
One of the most fundamental aspects of blogging is writing about both what is going on in the world , and what your peers are saying and creating .
Zemanta is designed to help you collect all that content on the fly while you write by integrating with web - based dashboards from a variety of services , including WordPress ( both hosted and self - installed ) , Blogger , Ning , MySpace , Movable Type , and even my personal favorite , Tumblr .
Zemanta is basically a hyperactive secretary ( the good kind ) , constantly watching the words you write and finding photos , links , tags , and other resources you can use to spice up your post .
It can also be filtered for specific keywords not found in your post as well .
This add - on adds a few panels to the layout of your blog posting window and allows you to drag in photos or simply click tag suggestions to use them in your post .
Links for keywords in the post are displayed below the post area , and simply clicking one of these links will automatically add it to the word Zemanta found in your post .
It 's one of the best ways to make Firefox and your computer do half of your blogging work for you .
By Fr. Richard Ballew
Several decades have passed since Bing Crosby donned clerical garb and portrayed on the screen a role which would endear him to many even to this day - Father O’Malley .
Somewhat earlier in our century , one of the great humanitarians of our time , Father Flanagan , founded Boys Town in Nebraska .
The home became a nationally known refuge for homeless boys .
In many ways , Mother Teresa of India is his contemporary female counterpart in caring for the poor and downtrodden of her adopted land .
But what are we to make of these titles ?
We admire the work and character of these people , but does not the Bible issue the command to call no man “ father ” ?
Certain statements made by Jesus have often been the basis of great controversy , both inside and outside the Church .
His saying , “ Do not call anyone on earth your father ; for One is your Father , He who is in heaven ” , ’ has proven to be no exception .
AT ISSUE IS INTERPRETATION
Some Protestant interpreters are sure that Jesus is warning here against addressing Church leaders as “ father ” .
They , of course , are interpreting “ father ” in this Scripture to mean , “ spiritual father ” .
Therefore , they refuse to call their clergymen “ father ” , preferring instead such titles as “ pastor ” , “ reverend ” , or perhaps even “ brother ” .
At the outset , therefore , let me point out that “ spiritual father ” is an interpretation of the Lord ’s statement rather than what He actually said .
Mind you , I am not denying the need for interpretation of Scripture .
Instead , I am pointing out that the Lord said “ father ” , not “ spiritual father ” .
What is at issue here ?
Simply this : taken at face value , Jesus ’ warning against calling any man “ father ” would not only seem to rule out calling a clergyman “ father ” , it would also keep us from using that title for earthly fathers and grandfathers , ancient Church fathers , or even city fathers , would it not ?
For in reality , the Lord ’s statement , as it appears in the text , is that only one Person is ever to be called “ father ” , namely , our Father who is in heaven .
But is Christ ’s saying to be taken at face value ?
If so , several other passages in the Bible are immediately in conflict , including some statements by the Apostle Paul in the New Testament .
To the church at Corinth he wrote , “ For if you were to have countless tutors in Christ , yet you would not have many fathers ; for in Christ Jesus I became your father through the gospel ” .
2
Does not Paul claim to be the spiritual father of the Corinthians – “ Father Paul ” , if you please ?
Furthermore , he boldly refers to his spiritual ancestry as “ our fathers ” .
3
And he did address earthly fathers in Colosse in this way : “ Fathers , do not provoke your children , lest they become discouraged ” .
4
It would appear the Apostle Paul certainly did not interpret the Lord Jesus Christ ’s words to mean only One was to be called “ father ” , that is , the heavenly Father .
In addition to this , when the rich man saw Abraham in heaven with Lazarus in his bosom , and addressed him as “ Father Abraham ” , Abraham ’s response was not , “ Do you not realize that only God the Father is to be called `father ? ”
Rather , he replied , “ Son , remember .. ” .
5
Instances like the above could be multiplied from Scripture to show that a great many people are acknowledged to be “ fathers ” .
OTHER TITLES
But let us not stop here .
For after saying only “ One is your Father ” , Jesus proceeded to declare , “ And do not be called teachers ; for One is your Teacher , the Christ ” .
6 Yet He Himself acknowledged Nicodemus to be a “ teacher of Israel ” .7
And in the church at Antioch certain men were called “ prophets and teachers ” .
8
Then again , the Apostle Paul not only recognized teachers as gifts of God to the Church , 9 but he also did not hesitate to call himself “ a teacher of the Gentiles ” .
10 Furthermore , in this present day , almost all of us have at one time or another called certain people Sunday School teachers .
The discussion thus goes far beyond any Protestant - Catholic lines .
Therefore , in saying we should call no one “ father ” and “ teacher ” , except God the Father and Christ Himself , the Lord Jesus appears not to be taking issue with the use of these particular titles in and of themselves .
The context of the passage gives us the interpretive key we are looking for .
In this “ call no man father ” passage , our Lord is contending with certain rabbis of His day who were using these specific titles to accomplish their own ends .
And had these same apostate rabbis been using other titles , such as “ reverend ” and “ pastor ” , Jesus , it seems to me , would have said of these as well , “ Call no one reverend or pastor ” .
WHAT DID THE RABBIS MEAN ?
To what ends , therefore , were the rabbis using the titles “ father ” and “ teacher ” ?
The answer revolves around at least two critical areas of leadership : teaching and personal character .
Consider first the teaching of these particular rabbis .
They had begun their teaching at the right place , the Law of Moses .
Said Jesus , “ The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses ’ seat ” .
11 Moses ’
Law was the true tradition .
God had given it to Israel through Moses .
The rabbis ’ responsibility was to preserve that tradition and faithfully pass it on to the next generation .
All too often , however , a rabbi would add his own grain of wisdom to the true tradition , thereby clouding it .
Instead of passing down the sacred deposit along with the true interpretations of that deposit , he would add his own private interpretation .
In turn his disciples , like their teacher , would , after becoming rabbis , do the same thing .
( Some things never change , do they ! )
The final outcome of all this was a tradition of men that made the true Mosaic tradition of no effect .
To these very rabbis Jesus said , “ For laying aside the commandment of God , you hold the tradition of men ” , 12 and again , “ All too well you reject the commandment of God , that you may keep your tradition . . . making the word of God of no effect through your tradition which you have handed down ” .
13
The summation of their private interpretations did in fact “ shut up the kingdom of heaven against men ” .
14
JESUS ’ CASE FOR TRUE TRADITION
In order to cut through all this tradition of men that had made the Mosaic tradition of no effect , and to bring people back to the truth , Jesus told His disciples , “ But you , do not be called ‘ Rabbi . '” 15 In other words , He was telling them not to use their positions as fathers and teachers as an opportunity to build disciples around their own private opinions .
For to do so would only serve to “ shut up the kingdom of heaven against men ” .
16 Instead , with the coming of Christ , these rabbis - and indeed all who would teach God ’s Word - are to hand down faithfully the true tradition of only one Rabbi : Christ Himself .
The Bible , through the pen of the Apostle John , calls this particular tradition “ the doctrine of Christ ” .
17
In fact , this is why the specific teaching of the Twelve became known as “ the apostles ’ doctrine ” .
18 Since their time , successive generations of fathers and teachers in the Church have handed down and guarded the apostolic doctrine concerning Christ very carefully , for it represents the true interpretation of Holy Scripture .
This faithfulness to true Christian doctrine , by the way , can especially be seen in the Seven Ecumenical Councils of the Church , held between the fourth and eighth centuries .
It behooves anyone who claims to be a teacher of Christ ’s doctrine to be faithful to the apostles ’ doctrine handed down in those Councils .
Otherwise he runs the risk of inserting his own “ private interpretation ” .
19
While it is true that all teachers of Christ ’s doctrine must begin at the right place , namely , the Holy Scriptures , it is also true that they should give the correct and true interpretation of Holy Scripture as passed down by holy and godly teachers and fathers of the Church , especially in the Seven Councils .
Why are the Seven Ecumenical Councils so important ?
Because they point out what the Church universally held to be the true teaching concerning the Person of the Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Trinity .
They are faithful to what the Holy Scriptures teach concerning the one true Rabbi and Teacher , Jesus Christ .
Teachers and fathers who teach private interpretations contrary to the doctrine of Christ as taught in the Seven Ecumenical Councils should not , I believe , be recognized as true teachers and fathers .
THE RABBIS AND PERSONAL CHARACTER
A second critical area of rabbinic leadership with which Jesus was concerned was personal character .
He had detected a major flaw in the character of the scribes and Pharisees , a sin that might be called self - exaltation .
They were using their position as fathers and teachers among God ’s people to exalt themselves .
They wanted to be sure they received appropriate recognition .
In light of this lack of character , Jesus said , “ But he who is greatest among you shall be your servant .
And whoever exalts himself will be humbled , and he who humbles himself will be exalted ” .
20 Their self - exalting spirit had manifested itself in several ways .
First , in hypocrisy : “ for they say ” , said Jesus , “ and do not do .
” 21 All talk and no walk .
Their talk was cheap because it was totally contradicted by their behavior .
In pretense they would make long prayers , but in behavior devour widows ’ houses .
22
They would make oaths , swearing by the gold of the temple rather than by the temple that sanctified the gold , thereby revealing their secret love of money .
23
Although they paid tithes of mint , anise , and cummin , which they should have done gladly , they neglected the weightier matters of the law : justice , mercy , and faith .
24 Because they were hypocrites in these and numerous other ways , the Lord summed up His critique by saying , “ Even so you also outwardly appear righteous to men , but inside you are full of hypocrisy and lawlessness .
25 Plainly , their “ insides ” did not match their “ outsides ” because they were filled up with a self - exalting and self - serving spirit .
A second manifestation of their selfexalting spirit was the noticeable lack of actual service on their part .
“ For ” , said Jesus , “ they bind heavy burdens , hard to bear , and lay them on men ’s shoulders ; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers . ” 26 No dirt was to be found under their fingernails .
They were simply a group of lazy leaders who wanted to be served rather than to serve .
No wonder , then , Jesus said not to be like them , for from God ’s standpoint , “ he who is greatest among you shall be your servant . ” 27 A third manifestation of their self - exalting spirit was self - love , demonstrated by a desire to be seen by men,28 by their love for the best seats at the feasts and in the synagogues , 29 and by their love of greetings in the marketplaces , being called by men , “ Rabbi , Rabbi . ” 30
This self - love was a clear transgression of the Mosaic Law , which they professed to be keeping .
For Moses ’ entire law could be summed up in the two great commandments , the greatest of which is , “ You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , with all your soul , and with all your mind . ” 31 The second greatest is , “ You shall love your neighbor as yourself . ” 32 Thus , these fathers and teachers were not leading their people into the love of God and neighbor .
Quite to the contrary , they were exhibiting a self - exalting , self - serving spirit , filled up with a love for self .
THE VERDICT OF CHRIST
In the face of the stench and shame of the apostasy of these religious leaders , therefore , Jesus commanded His disciples , “ Do not call anyone on earth your father ; for One is your Father , He who is in heaven .
”
33 While Father Abraham by his faithfulness deserved the title , as did others of Israel ’s greats in history , these men had forfeited their role as fathers .
They were to cease and desist in their use of the term and , in turn , bow to God Himself as the fountainhead of all fatherhood .
And in issuing
His warning , Jesus addresses us today with the greatest of all commandments , pointing the fathers and teachers in His Church and those they lead to a primacy of love for God the Father and His Son , Jesus Christ , and to a love for one ’s neighbor .
AND WHAT ARE WE TO DO ?
From the beginning of Church history , as was true throughout Israel , those anointed by God for service were called by certain names : “ prophet ” , “ teacher ” ( rabbi in Israel ) , and “ father . ”
In that same spirit , other titles have emerged , such as “ reverend ” , “ pastor ” , “ professor ” ( teacher ) , or “ brother ” ( for some evangelical pastors and Catholic monks ) .
These designations speak of both warmth and dignity .
Just as in our family units there is one who with love is called “ father ” , so in God ’s household we have honored and will continue to honor those who have brought us to the new birth through our Lord Jesus Christ .
Indeed , what better term for them than “ father ” ?
Jesus warned against calling men “ father ” or “ teacher ” in order that the leadership of His holy nation would remain pure .
Whether bishop , father , teacher , deacon , or pastor , all leaders must remain faithful to the true doctrine of Christ and manifest a personal character befitting godly humility , a humility that leads the Church into the love of God the Holy Trinity and of one ’s neighbor .
May the Lord have mercy on all of us who lead the flock , regardless of the title we are given .
FOOTNOTES
( All Scripture references , unless otherwise noted , are taken from the New King James Version . )
1. Matthew 23:9
2. 1 Corinthians 4:15 ( New American Standard Version )
3. 1 Corinthians 10:1
4. Colossians 3:21
5. Luke 16:24 , 25
6. Matthew 23:10
7. John 3:10
8. Acts 13:1
9. 1 Corinthians 12:28 and Ephesians 4:11
10 . 2 Timothy 1:11
11 . Matthew 23:2
12 . Mark 7:8
13 . Mark 7:9 , 13
14 . Matthew 23:13
15 . Matthew 23:8
16 . Matthew 23:13
17 . 2 John 9
18 . Acts 2:42
19 . 2 Peter 1:20
20 . Matthew 23:11 , 12
21 . Matthew 23:3
22 . Matthew 23:14
23 . Matthew 23:16 , 17
24 . Matthew 23:23
25 . Matthew 23:28
26 . Matthew 23:4
27 . Matthew 23:11
28 . Matthew 23:5
29 . Matthew 23:6
30 . Matthew 23:7
31 . Matthew 22:37
32 . Matthew 22:39
33 . Matthew 23:9
Used by permission .
Copyright — Ancient Faith Publishing / Conciliar Press
Order Booklet
TORONTO - Toronto police have charged a driver with stunt driving after stopping a car reportedly clocked at about 250 kilometres an hour .
The high - performance Infiniti was stopped early today as it flew down the southbound lanes of Highway 400 in north - end Toronto .
Provincial police Const .
Scott Mulville says he has " never heard of a speed this high ... nothing in the range of 250 ... it 's a pretty fast driver . "
Mulville adds , " there 's no excuse for that kind of speed . "
The vehicle was impounded for a week under the province 's street racing legislation and the driver faces a fine of up to $ 10,000 .
The unidentified driver also faces the accumulation of six demerit points and will appear in court next month .
... markets are harsh rulers .
They punish non-economic behavior with a sharp slap of the invisible hand .
There is n't any special immunity for the US .
November , 2004 .
It 's been long maintained on this blog that the global marketplace , and not a nation - state or a collection of nation - states , is the sole remaining and dominant global power .
In short , we live in Adam Smith 's world and any talk of an American or Chinese Century is an outdated way of looking at the world .
One of the inevitable consequences of living in a world dominated by markets ( unmitigated or controlled by traditional social organizations like nation - states ) is that artificial differences in wages and salaries between people of different nationalities will evaporate .
Here 's why .
In today 's connected world , productivity is globally portable .
This means that David Ricardo 's foundational concept of comparative advantage is largely negated .
Economists that maintain the opposite likely have n't experienced the realities of building and operating a global business ( in contrast , I 've built two ) .
Without comparative advantage , there is no reason to pay a person in one country more than a person of equivalent education in another .
Unfortunately , America ( and the West in general ) follow economic policies based on a deep faith in comparative advantage .
That faith will prove disastrous as incomes in the West fall precipitously to equalize with incomes in the developing world .
So , on to the news .
It appears that this crisis is serving as a form of punctuated change on this front since it is reseting expectations / assumptions -- which are , for all intents and purposes , the only barriers to full normalization of global incomes .
For example , IBM is now offering US employees an option : you can be fired or you can move to India , Nigeria , Russia , etc and work there at local salaries / wages ( CNN ) .
Big Blue is offering its outgoing workers in the United States and Canada a chance to take an IBM job in India , Nigeria , Russia or other countries .
Only " satisfactory performers " who are " willing to work on local terms and conditions " should pursue the jobs , the document says .
The company also will help with moving costs and provide visa assistance , it says .
President Barack Obama made clear his desire to launch attacks onto Pakistani soil early in the campaign , and in his first month since taking office it has become evident that is escalating the number and severity of the attacks using drone aircraft well beyond what the Bush Administration ’s attacks in its final several months in office .
Two major strikes have been launch in the past week , in the South Waziristan and Kurram Agencies of Pakistan ’s Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
The attacks killed 30 and 31 , respectively , and both appeared to target militants affiliated with Baitullah Mehsud .
The escalation has come as the Pakistani government has struggled to battle claims that they are “ privately ” backing the attacks while offering public condemnations .
This battle has been hampered by a growing number of officials on both sides admitting to the agreement and photographic evidence that they have indeed been hosting US Predator drones at one of their air bases .
The drone strikes have been wildly unpopular in the Pakistani tribal areas , sparking massive protests as they kill civilians with impunity .
With Pakistan struggling to maintain control over the area against a growing insurgency , the escalation of the attacks is liable to exacerbate the credibility problems faced by the Pakistani government among the tribes .
“ He was so badly burned .
He had skin hanging off him everywhere and his little girl was burned , but not as badly as her dad , and he just came down and he said ’ Look , I ’ve lost my wife , I ’ve lost my other kid .
I just need you to save ( my daughter ) ’ , ” she told the Melbourne Age ’s website .
About
BackendInfo is a lightweight ( 24 kb ) Firefox extension that detects name and version of backends behind websites .
Detecting 15 different backends / 130 + versions
Drupal 6.x , 5.x , Wordpress 2.x
phpBB 2.x , 3.x , Django , DokuWiki
MediaWiki , MoinMoin , Reddit , Blogger
Joomla 1.5.x , 1.0.x
more …
This extension adds an icon to the statusbar , that let ’s you detect the backend and view detail information .
The icon changes accordingly to the detection status :
Default icon
( click to start )
Wordpress
detected
More infos
on mouseover
Text info
Nothing found
The context menu ( right mouse click ) provides a few options , eg. if you are in a sub-url ( such as / blog / ) you can choose between the base url or the current one , whereas a left mouse click directly checks the current node .
Try it out !
Find lots of sites using Django , DokuWiki , Drupal , Joomla ( 2 ) , MediaWiki , MoinMoin , phpBB , Reddit , Wordpress .
We need your help !
Visit the project page at addons.mozilla.org , vote and leave a short review .
Thanks !!
.
Thanks !!
You could enhance the supported backends by adding a new filter .
.
Send is infos about insecure software versions along with a link to more information .
It could be interesting to mark insecure backend versions and provide a link to further informations .
Please post it via mail or in the forum .
How it works
BackendInfo basically works by detecting URLs , strings and regular expressions .
This ranges from typical html and css codes to certain directory and file - structures .
It is easy to track changes in css , js and html files between releases that can be used to identify the backends exact version with tools like Meld .
Furthermore , documents like CHANGELOG , UPDATES , etc are often left readable after a standard backend installation , providing some more insight as well .
BackendInfo is a “ plugin framework ” , every extension checks for a given backend by required URLs , and optionally a number of strings or regex patterns that have to be contained or not contained in this url .
No statistics are collected , neither is any data reported to another server .
Just plain and simple detection of the current website .
Nothing else !
Source Code
Feb. 12 , 2009  --
At a Caterpillar Inc. plant in Peoria , Ill. , today , President Obama said that his proposed economic stimulus would allow the company 's CEO to rehire recently laid - off employees .
But the head of the company said he will have to fire more workers before he can rehire anyone who has been let go .
Obama has said twice in the past two days that Caterpillar CEO James Owens indicated his company would be able to rehire some of the 20,000 recently laid - off employees .
" Yesterday , Jim , the head of Caterpillar , said that if Congress passes our plan , this company will be able to rehire some of the folks who were just laid off , " Obama said today in Peoria .
But when asked today if the stimulus could do that , Owens said , " I think , realistically , no .
The honest reality is we 're probably going to have more layoffs before we start hiring again . "
Caterpillar announced last month that it will lose 20,000 jobs worldwide through layoffs and attrition , of which 15,000 had already occurred in 2008 or were in the process of happening .
Caterpillar also reported that profits fell 32 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 as a result of sharply declining sales .
Four days after that Jan. 26 layoff announcement , Caterpillar said it would let go of an additional 2,110 Illinois - based employees , including 584 at the Peoria plant .
Caterpillar has lowered its profit expectations for 2009 as the global economic woes dampen the demand for heavy equipment .
The company is betting on $ 40 billion in sales for this year , which would be a 22 percent drop from 2008 .
Owens also cautioned that even if a stimulus is passed within the next month , the effects will not be immediate and are more likely to impact construction activity at the end of 2009 or spring 2010 .
" As these projects kick in , one concern I have that we need to be mindful of , is that even if this stimulus package passes , not only here but around the world , it still takes a little time to bid the contracts and get the dirt work started , " said Owens , who serves on the president 's recently announced Economic Recovery Advisory Board and flew to Peoria aboard Air Force One .
" Adding jobs back just associated with what 's in the stimulus plan is a little difficult because there are a lot of other moving parts , " Owens said , citing stabilization of the housing market as critical .
The global economic crisis has hit the world 's biggest manufacturer of earth - moving equipment hard and fast , as the demand for heavy machinery has plummeted .
Obama said that significant layoffs at the company are not just a local issue but an " urgent warning sign for America " and pushed for Congress to quickly pass the economic stimulus bill to provide relief .
" When a company as good , and successful , and efficient , and lean and mean as Caterpillar is cutting back production and shutting jobs , that means we 're not building up this country , " he said .
" It means we 're not building new homes and offices or rebuilding crumbling schools and failing infrastructure .
In short , it means we 're standing still .
And in this new global economy , standing still is the surest way to end up falling behind .
Standing still is not an option .
It 's not who we are ; it 's not who we have to be . "
The Caterpillar that Obama visited today is a different company from the one that then - President George W. Bush addressed in early 2007 .
In two years , the company has gone from a rapidly expanding global corporation that was benefiting from free trade agreements and strong export demand from China to a company facing significantly lower profit expectations and a downsized workforce .
Bush visited the Peoria Caterpillar plant in 2007 to showcase how the company was booming because of his administration 's global trade policies and tax cuts .
Obama went back to Caterpillar to highlight it as the kind of company that would benefit from prompt passage of the economic stimulus plan because of the jobs that it would be able to create for itself and the construction industry .
" Think about all the work out there to be done , " Obama said .
" And Caterpillar will be selling the equipment that does the work . "
In 2007 , the Bush White House selected Caterpillar as an example of a beneficiary of the administration 's global trade policies and tax cuts .
At the time , half of Caterpillar 's products were sold overseas .
Exports to Australia and Chile dramatically increased as a result of free - trade agreements under the Bush Administration and exports to China grew by 40 percent and resulted in 5,000 new jobs in the United States .
Peoria Mayor Jim Ardis , who met with Bush in 2007 , said today that the impact of the Caterpillar cuts has been " significant . "
" The trickle - down effect is pretty significant , " Ardis said , noting that layoffs in one sector spread to other sectors such as restaurants and other local businesses .
" It happens pretty quickly .
These are not just service - level jobs , these are very good professional high - paying jobs with good benefits .
You do n't just walk out the door and find another job like that . "
Obama reiterated that point , adding that companies doing business with Caterpillar are cutting back as well .
" What 's happening at this company tells us a larger story about what 's happening with our nation 's economy because , in many ways , you can measure America 's bottom line by looking at Caterpillar 's bottom line , " the president said .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Sunlen Miller and Charles Herman contributed to this report .
On this page Port Triggering Using A NAT Firestarter Firewall And Specter In Debian / Ubuntu
Port Triggering Using A NAT Firestarter Firewall And Specter In Debian / Ubuntu
Many that play PC games , such as battle .
net , need to be able to set up port triggering .
Typical " hardware " routers have the ability to set this up from online menus .
However , using a Linux PC to perform your router functions can provide much more control and versatility than can be realized with a " hardware " router .
All of your NAT ( network address translation ) , firewall , and port forwarding functions can be implemented by iptables , the de facto firewall in Linux versions 2.4.x and 2.6.x .
I looked online quite a lot to try to find a linux - or iptables - based port triggering setup .
There was plenty on port forwarding using iptables , but not really anything on port triggering .
This article provides the details to implement simple port triggering using iptables , firestarter , ULOG , Specter , and a small amount of bash scripting .
ULOG is the user space logging facility that can be added onto iptables , allowing for multicasting of packets .
Specter is a program that runs a daemon that allows you to initiate actions as a result of subscribing to ULOG streams .
Firestarter is a firewall GUI front - end to iptables , which makes interfacing to your firewall easy .
Although it appears that there has not been recent development activity of firestarter , it is still a viable , user - friendly , easily - installed package that really does not require upgrades once properly configured .
The only software that you need to install to be able to implement port triggering with this method is firestarter , Specter , and a few bash scripts .
My configuration uses a PC running Debian Linux ( although the following instructions will work for Ubuntu as well ) as the router / firewall for my home LAN , and most of the PCs in my LAN are running Windows ( the gaming PCs ) .
I use as an example port triggering for battle .
net .
The main reason for this is that my son likes to host games for this , so I have a decent tester , and he has proven the setup for many months .
Battle .net primarily uses tcp port 6112 ; the concept here is that when a PC on the internal LAN ( for example , 192.168.0.102 ) initiates a tcp connection to the battle .
net server site to start hosting a game , the PC initiates this on tcp destination port 6112 .
This action then " triggers " a sequence of commands that reconfigure the firewall temporarily : it enables port 6112 to be opened on the firewall , and forwards connections aimed at this port to machine 192.168.0.102 , the " triggering " ( hosting ) machine .
After a reasonable period of time , the port is closed and stealthed , dropping any packets that are routed to it to thwart any outside meddling or attacks ( as usual ) .
Port triggering was implemented by specifying which port would be involved .
Two iptables rules were added to the OUTBOUND chain , which in my setup ( firestarter ) is the set of rules that are jumped to from the OUTPUT chain after some screening is done on the OUTPUT traffic on the LAN .
The rules perform ULOG logging output to the nlgroup 20 ( an arbitrary number ) , matching only on TCP packets in the NEW state .
When those packets are output , then Specter executes a bash file .
The bash file sets up additional iptables rules and also creates lock files , so that we ensure that we do not create redundant iptables rules .
Aside from setting up the port forwarding rules to the initiating PC on the LAN for incoming connections , the new iptables rules also add another ULOG output , ulog - nlgroup 21 .
This subscribes to packets at a very limited rate , specifically only 1 / minute .
This checks to make sure that the outbound traffic that initiated the connection is still active ; if it is inactive for a specified amount of time ( 15 minutes ) , then the forwarding rules are eliminated , and the triggering setup is abandoned .
This distinguishes port triggering from port forwarding ; in port forwarding , the forwarding is implemented indefinitely , which is less secure .
You can check which card is which on your system by using the command :
/sbin/ifconfig
On a typical setup possessing two cards , the output of this command should identify one card with a broadcast ID of something like " 192.168.0.255 " or " 10.0.0.255 " , etc .
In that case , that interface is your LAN interface and you should change what has been assumed here ( eth0 ) to the value given by the command output .
The other interface should access the internet and have a broadcast address like " 255.255.255.255 " .
If it is different from " eth1 " , then change eth1 to the proper value throughout this howto .
Set up Firestarter per the instructions at the following link :
http://www.debianadmin.com/secure-ubuntu-desktop-using-firestarter-firewall.html
Using its wizard , Firestarter can be easily configured to function as a router for internet connection sharing .
It is essentially a GUI interface to Linux 's iptables .
A feature of Firestarter is that you can insert your own custom rules into iptables .
We will use this to insert two rules after the configuration script for Firestarter has been run .
This is done by creating the file :
/etc/firestarter/user-post
with the following two lines in it ( use your favorite editor , such as nano ; or if you are using gnome , you can copy and paste these lines into a graphical editor ) :
$ IPT -I OUTBOUND 4 -s 192.168.0.0/24 - i eth0 - p tcp -m tcp -- dport 6112 -j ULOG -- ulog - prefix " trigger write " --ulog-nlgroup 20 -m hashlimit -- hashlimit 1/minute --hashlimit- burst 2 --hashlimit- mode srcip , dstport -- hashlimit- name w6112
$ IPT -I OUTBOUND 5 -s 192.168.0.0/24 - i eth0 - p tcp -m state -- state NEW --dport 6112 -j ULOG --ulog - nlgroup 21 -- ulog - prefix " initial trigger " -m hashlimit -- hashlimit 1 / minute -- hashlimit - burst 2 -- hashlimit - mode srcip , dstport -- hashlimit - name n6112
( replace 192.168.0.0/24 with your LAN address range , and eth0 with the appropriate interface name ) .
In order to create the file , you will need to create it as root or with root privileges .
These two iptables rules watch your LAN for outgoing packets with a destination port of 6112 ( the battle .
net networking port ) .
When it sees these packets , a limited number of them are logged to user space via netlink sockets .
A package which we will install next , called " Specter " , subscribes to these sockets and acts upon them .
Initial packets are logged to nlgroup 21 , and a script is used to initiate a battle .
net session by setting up port forwarding to the initiating PC .
Continuing packets ( regardless of whether they are in a NEW state or not ) are logged to nlgroup 20 , and a script is used to keep track of whether there is still activity by the initiating PC or not .
Since port forwarding to an internal LAN client opens ports to the internet , it is not something that you should leave in place when you are not playing a game .
As long as packets have been sent from this PC within 15 minutes , the ports are left open and forwarded .
After 15 minutes of inactivity , port forwarding is stopped , the session is closed , and it is assumed the game is over .
A new session can then be immediately initiated .
To install Specter in Debian or Ubuntu , issue the following command :
sudo apt - get install specter specter - mysql specter - pgsql
We will need to edit the config file for Specter , /etc / specter.conf , to be able to act upon the user space logging .
Add the following lines to the end of this file :
# nlgroup 20 , write to file /tmp / forward .6112 if dest port 6112 is outbound from LAN
20 {
: BASE
: EXEC
command " / bin/echo %S %P %d > /tmp/forward.6112
"
}
# nlgroup 21 , run script initial_trigger_action if a new tcp connection to dest port 6112 is outbound from LAN
21 {
: BASE
: EXEC
command " /etc/firestarter/initial_trigger_action "
}
Again , you will need root privileges to save this file .
The home page for Specter is at : http://joker.linuxstuff.pl/specter/
Next , create the bash script file ( it also needs root ownership ) and save it as : Advertisement Advertisement
/etc/firestarter/initial_trigger_action
That file contains the following lines :
#!/bin/bash
# file initial_trigger_action %S %P %d
# script for initial trigger activity - run from specter for ulog - nlgroup 20
# check to verify lock file does not yet exist , if not , then
# create a lock file , /tmp/trigger.port.lock ( port=port number to trigger on )
# add iptables rules for forwarding port number to source ip by using firestarter
# set up " at " file to check for continued activity from source on port
#
# find forward ( date ) file
# forwardfile=`ls - t1 forward * | grep -m 1 f`
# Source IP address
# Wait long enough for tmp file to be created by nlgroup 21 process
sleep 0.5
if [ -f /tmp/forward.6112 ] ; then
while read inputline
do
SourceIP= " $( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f1 ) "
Protocl= " $ ( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f2 ) "
dest_port= " $ ( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f3 ) "
done < /tmp/forward.6112
if [ -f /tmp/trigger.6112.lock ] ; then echo " lock file already exists !!
Get rid of it " ; exit 1 ;
else
#
# write lock file
#
echo " $ SourceIP $ dest_port $ Protocl " >
/tmp/trigger.6112.lock
#
# add forwarding rules
# using firestarter
# add line in /etc / firestarter / inbound / forward
# of format :
# name , port , destIP , port , comment
# first copy forward to forward .
backup
cat /etc / firestarter / inbound/ forward >
/etc/firestarter/inbound/forward.backup
# now add line to end and save forward
echo " f$ dest_port , $ dest_port , $ SourceIP , $ dest_port , fwd$dest_port -$SourceIP " | cat /etc / firestarter / inbound / forward - >
/etc/firestarter/inbound/forward.tmp
cp /etc/firestarter/inbound/forward.tmp
/etc/firestarter/inbound/forward
#
# now restart firestarter to activate forwarding
/etc/init.d/firestarter force-reload
# next step : run at command
at -f /etc/firestarter/trigger_test_6112 now + 5 minutes
fi
fi
# done
After creating it , you will need to make it executable with the command :
sudo chmod 755 /etc/firestarter/initial_trigger_action
Next , create the following bash script file ( it also needs root ownership ) and save it as :
/etc/firestarter/trigger_test_6112
Here is the file : Advertisement
#!/bin/bash
# file trigger_test_6112
# script to test for continued trigger activity - run from at command
# lock file should be updated from specter ulog - nlgroup 21
# if tcp connections for game have not been established yet
# check to verify lock file exists , if not , then exit with error
# lock file is /tmp/ trigger.6112.lock
# if lock file exists , check time of last modification ( mod used touch )
# if less than 15 minutes , run another at command and exit , continuing chain
# if 15 minutes or more , remove iptables forwarding rules for forwarding port
# number to source ip , and remove iptables rulse for ulogging to nlgroup 21
#
# read lock file
# first step - check for lock file existence
if [ -f /tmp/trigger.6112.lock ] ; then echo " OK , file exists "
else echo " lock file does not exist ! ! " ; exit 1
fi
# second step - read variables from lock file
while read inputline
do
SourceIP= " $( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f1 ) "
Protocl= " $ ( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f2 ) "
dest_port= " $ ( echo $ inputline | cut - d ' ' - f3 ) "
done < /tmp/forward.6112
# next step : check to see if outgoing port has been triggered recently
fwd_file_age=`ls -lt -- time - style=+%s
/tmp/forward.6112 | awk '{print $ 6} '`
now_time=`date +%s`
time_diff=$[$now_time-$fwd_file_age ]
echo " time diff = $ time_diff "
if [ " $ time_diff " - ge " 600 " ] ; then
# delete lock file
# else run at file and exit 0
# remove line of forward file containing $ dest_port
# using sed
sed " / $ dest_port / d " " /etc/firestarter/inbound/ forward " >
/etc/firestarter/inbound/forward.temp
cp /etc/firestarter/inbound/forward.temp
/etc/firestarter/inbound/forward
#
# restart firestarter to de-activate forwarding
/etc/init.d/firestarter force-reload
rm /tmp/trigger.6112.lock
fi
# run at file to test whether forwarding should still be implemented
#
at -f /etc/firestarter/trigger_test_6112 now + 5 minutes
# done
After creating it , you will need to make it executable with the command :
sudo chmod 755 /etc/firestarter/trigger_test_6112
These scripts create a few files in the /tmp directory for debugging purposes ; they can be disregarded aside from the lock file ( or you can modify the scripts if you like to prevent them from being created ) .
By default , mail is sent to root when a session is initiated , and during a session , announcing the status of the session .
One useful feature of Firestarter is that you can monitor who is actually connected to your LAN PCs from the outside world ; when a battle .
net session is functioning properly , you will see several IP addresses connected on port 6112 to your LAN PC ( for example , 192.168.0.102 ) .
A couple of notes regarding this setup : with it , you can have multiple game participants behind the firewall on your LAN , at the same time that you have external connections to the hosting PC .
The key issue is that the hosting PC needs to be the first one that contacts the battle .
net website ( the first one that actually makes an outgoing request to port 6112 ) .
This PC is identified as the host for 15 minutes after its last attempt to contact the website , and if that PC does not follow through and become the host , but instead a different LAN PC attempts to become the host , it will not be able to until the timers in the scripts expire and the firewall closes again .
This can be a source of frustration if you have eager gamers on the LAN that are not heeding this requirement .
This setup does not enable ( or disable ) pings from the internet .
That can be done separately in Firestarter .
Allowing pings ( ICMP ) is not necessary for battle .
net to work ; however , it is used sometimes for troubleshooting .
I prefer to make my firewall entirely stealthed when a game is not active , and I have n't gone to the trouble to change the behavior of ICMP during a game .
Also , bash / sed gurus out there will note that I am no advanced scripter -- my goal was to get something working and document it sufficiently for someone else to know what I did .
I welcome suggestions for improvement of the setup ; as I mentioned , I found no setups ( outside of OpenWrt , and it requires specialized hardware ) that would allow you to do the type of automated port triggering needed for gaming and still close the ports at the end of the game for better security .
Although this setup was written for Debian / Ubuntu , it should work equally well ( with properly amended installation instructions ) for other flavors of Linux .
The hardware requirements of the router / firewall PC , aside from needing 2 NICs , is very modest .
Mine has no terminal , it's in the closet collocated with the cable modem ; I control it entirely by using remote VNC software and SSH ( Putty and ultraVNC from a Windows PC ) .
With these routines it is very easy to write a server , have it accept connections on multiple ports via IP4 , IP6 or unix sockets and associate each of these bindings with a server routine .
2009 Best Companies rank : 10
This 81 - year old grocery chain has been able to avoid layoffs through careful job placement and shrewd labor management .
For example , in troubled times when the company anticipates it will need fewer workers , it stops replacing employees who leave voluntarily .
To make it easier to fill gaps , store locations within 15 miles of each other share staff .
Also , employees are cross- trained : A deli clerk may also work as a bagger , allowing for more work hours , and still get the ( higher ) deli pay rate .
Meanwhile , the company relies on past employees ( such as college students home on break ) for temporary work , rather than staff up during busy times like the holidays .
James Patterson is less a novelist than a literary factory , and it seems the British public cannot get enough of him .
The American is revealed today as the UK's most borrowed author from libraries , coming top for the second year , after his books were taken out more than 1.5 m times between July 2007 and June 2008 .
Patterson and the writers he employs are happy to keep the fans happy , with the Patterson name emblazoned across at least eight books in the last year , in genres from thriller to romance to misery memoir .
Other writers ' names regularly appear on the cover - often in much smaller type - but he denies that he sometimes has no involvement at all in the writing .
Last year he said : " I get all this baloney about well , what does he do ?
Does he even look at them ?
Well yes , he does look at them . "
Among his series are the Alex Cross books about a black detective and model single father who mixes family life and volunteering with tackling unimaginably horrible killers .
There is his Maximum Ride series for young adults featuring youngsters who are 2 % avian .
Other heroes are the four women in San Francisco who eat Mexican food while solving murders .
The list goes on to more than 60 published works .
It is mainly this prolificness that ensures Patterson is number one .
The other two holders of the top spot since records began were similarly able to turn them out : Jacqueline Wilson was number one from 2002 - 06 and before that it was Catherine Cookson for 18 years .
If there is a defining feature of Patterson it is the fantastically short chapters , often just three pages .
His ability to know what pushes readers ' buttons may be explained by the job he gave up to concentrate on a full - time writing career : chief executive of one of the world 's best known advertising firms , J Walter Thompson .
The figures were compiled and released by Public Lending Right , established 30 years ago to ensure authors get paid for every book lent .
The current rate is 5.98 p going direct to the writer , capped at £ 6,600 .
Any sneerers at Patterson 's surprise - shock - chuckle - lull - surprise style of writing can take a crumb of comfort from the fact he gets nothing , as the payment is for British and EU writers .
Though it 's only a crumb : Forbes magazine estimated his annual earnings at $ 50 m .
Patterson said he was delighted to be number one .
" I firmly believe libraries are an integral part of any community and essential in really helping to share and spread the joy of reading great books . "
The most popular individual title is JK Rowling 's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
Most wanted
The most borrowed authors ( last year 's ranking in brackets ) :
1 (1 ) James Patterson
2 ( 2 ) Jacqueline Wilson
3 ( 3 ) Daisy Meadows
4 ( 5 ) Nora Roberts
5 ( 10 ) Francesca Simon
Johannes Mehserle was arrested in Nevada today in connection with the shooting and killing of Oscar Grant on New Year 's Day .
According the Chronicle , " Mehserle , 27 , was taken into custody in Douglas County , Nevada , said Deputy Steve Velez of the Douglas County Sheriff 's Office .
The arrest was also confirmed by David Chai , chief of staff to Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums . "
( Due to death threats , Mehserle stashed himself in Nevada . )
It seems an Alameda County judge signed an arrest warrant today , and Mehserle surrendered with no fuss or muss .
A surprising update to this case for sure .
We will update with more when more details of the arrest are made public on Wednesday .
As California ’s government continued its grinding downshift toward insolvency , efforts to close the state ’s nearly $ 42 - billion budget gap hit a new snag late Tuesday as Republicans in the state Senate ousted their leader .
Around 11 p.m. , a group of GOP senators , unhappy with the higher taxes that Senate leader Dave Cogdill of Modesto agreed to as part of a deal with the governor and Democrats , voted to replace him in a private caucus meeting in Cogdill ’s office .
Shortly before midnight , it was still unclear who would replace him .
Cogdill ’s ouster could be a major setback to budget negotiations .
Cogdill was a lead negotiator on the budget package and had committed to voting for it .
If he were removed from his leadership post , a new Senate minority leader would likely try to renegotiate the deal , which lawmakers spent three months forging .
Meanwhile , the Senate remained deadlocked after hours of debate , still without the final Republican vote required to achieve the two - thirds majority for approval of more than $ 14 billion in new taxes .
Advertisement
The frenetic day had begun with legislators carting sleeping bags , pillows and suitcases to work .
Sen. Ron Calderon ( D - Montebello ) brought a bottle of cologne .
Republican Sen. Sam Aanestad , an oral surgeon from Grass Valley , passed out toothbrushes .
Cots were ordered from the state Office of Emergency Services .
An anticipated Senate floor vote hopscotched from the morning into the afternoon and then to late evening while tempers frayed and the clock ticked .
In the middle of it all , as lawmakers struggled to keep California ’s fiscal fortunes from plummeting earthward , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger took a few moments to honor the Bay Area pilot who safely belly - landed a disabled US Airways jet into the Hudson River last month .
At stake is a plan supported by Democrats and Schwarzenegger , a GOP moderate , that calls for a 1 cent increase in the sales tax , a 12 - cents - per - gallon gas tax boost and hikes in vehicle license fees and the personal income tax .
“ We need to stop treating the taxpayers across California like a personal ATM , ” Sen .
Tony Strickland ( R - Thousand Oaks ) said from the Senate floor , hands pounding the air to drive home his point .
Advertisement
“ This is a balanced package , ” countered Sen. Denise Moreno Ducheny ( D - San Diego ) , fixing her gaze on the Republicans across the aisle .
“ It asks everybody to pay a little bit more in a variety of ways . ”
“ This budget is not fair and balanced , ” scoffed Sen. Jeff Denham ( R - Atwater ) .
Sen. Mark Leno ( D - San Francisco ) , noting that Cogdill helped negotiate the budget and pledged to vote for it , said the Republican ’s caucus mates should join him -- or replace him .
“ You ought to follow your leader or choose a new one , ” Leno said .
Advertisement
Off the floor , Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) warned of “ catastrophic consequences ” if a budget is n’t approved .
The crisis has already crimped funding for $ 7 billion in highway work and other government projects and delayed $ 3 billion in tax refunds , welfare checks and other payments .
The state may soon have to issue IOUs , and 10,000 workers risk losing their jobs .
With Steinberg vowing to keep lawmakers locked in the Capitol until the crisis was resolved , Sen. Lou Correa ( D - Santa Ana ) grumbled , “ I ’ve been locked down for 30 hours , and it ’s not pretty .
. . .
You ’ve got to sleep in your suit . ”
In a bid to end the stalemate , Schwarzenegger met in his office with Sen .
Dave Cox of Sacramento , a white - haired GOP veteran in his final term .
Advertisement
The governor and Democrats hoped to persuade either Cox or Sen. Abel Maldonado , a moderate Republican from Santa Maria , to join Cogdill and GOP Sen .
Roy Ashburn of Bakersfield to help push the budget through .
Three Republican votes are needed in each house to pass spending plans ; legislative leaders say they have the votes in the Assembly .
“ It ’s a huge responsibility and it ’s people ’s careers on the line , ” Schwarzenegger told The Times , alluding to threats by conservative bloggers and talk - radio hosts to retaliate against Republicans who vote for more taxes .
“ But I think in the end they know they have to make a decision what ’s best for the state . ”
Steinberg , Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) and Assembly minority leader Mike Villines ( R - Clovis ) also shuttled in and out of the governor ’s office as the evening wore on .
“ In my view , there has to be definition tonight about how this is going to end , ” Steinberg said outside Schwarzenegger ’s office , adding that “ some very positive , quiet discussions ” were underway .
“ It is always a very delicate balance , ” he said , “ between pushing hard and then allowing for the conversations to happen around what any member needs . ”
Advertisement
Earlier in the day , Cox denounced the tax proposal hammered out in recent weeks by Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders .
He called the higher levies “ the straw that broke the camel ’s back . ”
“ My concern is it does not fix the problem , ” Cox said on the Senate floor .
“ As a matter of fact it may well make the matter worse . ”
Maldonado , meanwhile , has pressed for a shift to open primary elections that could give moderates a better shot at public office .
“ I ’m only asking for some simple government reforms , ” Maldonado said .
The fiscal mess even seeped into the Capitol celebration the governor hosted for US Airways Capt .
Chesley “ Sully ” Sullenberger III , the pilot who guided a jetliner full of passengers to safety in New York City after the plane ’s engines failed .
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger said negotiating lawmakers “ need a great hero in the state Capitol ” to inspire them .
And Steinberg suggested to Sullenberger , who appeared a bit bewildered by his brush with statehouse politics , that the pilot might be needed to guide the Senate to a safe landing .
“ Maybe after we ’re done here , ” Steinberg said , “ you could just come upstairs and say ‘ Aye , ’ one time . ”
The audience broke up in laughter .
--
Advertisement
eric.bailey@latimes.com
jordan.rau@latimes.com
--
Times staff writers Patrick McGreevy , Michael Rothfeld and Evan Halper contributed to this report .
Last year , Club Nintendo members in Japan were treated something special .
They could get a Wii controller that looked like a SNES pad .
Well , thanks to the wonders of global commerce , now you can too !
Advertisement
Yes , what was once the domain of Japanese fanboys and cashed - up import fiends is now yours to enjoy for the " modest " price of $ 75 , courtesy of online retailer Play - Asia .
Which may sound like a lot , but remember .
This is a Wii Classic Controller that looks exactly like a SNES pad .
Advertisement
Super Famicom Classic Controller [ Club Nintendo Limited Edition ] [ Play - Asia ]
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Perth , Western Australia
Perth is blessed with abundant water - but most of it is the salty stuff you sail on
Authorities in Western Australia say they can show the world how to conquer a water crisis that had threatened to decimate the state capital , Perth , amid a long - standing drought and declining rainfall .
Turning the sea into drinking water is at the heart of Western Australia 's multi-faceted approach to satisfying the thirst of a booming population that lives on the edge of a desert .
It 's not beyond the realms of possibility that Perth could be our first ghost city
Paul Llewellyn , Green MP
" We had a history of taking gutsy decisions , " said Jim Gill , former chief executive of the Water Corporation of Western Australia , a government - owned monopoly .
" And that 's what put us in a position of world leadership in terms of dealing with a drying climate . "
The corporation opened the southern hemisphere 's first desalination plant , south of Perth , in November 2006 .
Powered by a wind farm , the move was prompted by the driest winter ever recorded in Western Australia ( WA ) - a region that was among the first to see the effects of a shifting climate .
" 2001 was the winter from hell , and we only get our rainfall in winter , " Dr Gill told BBC News .
A graph shows Perth 's water input declining " It was unbelievably dry , and we postulated the scenario of another two or three years like that and frankly we were going to have to shut Perth down .
" We were going to run out of drinking water and the city would become unviable .
Luckily , we 'd done the homework on desalination and we had the confidence to go ahead and do it . "
Salt tolerance Other Australian cities are following the lead set in WA , where a second facility is due to open in 2011 .
When it opens , a third of the state 's drinking water should come from the Indian Ocean as the authorities pursue a raft of measures , including recycling sewage , new reservoirs and efforts to cut household demand .
Desalination unwrapped
Enlarge Image
Huge aquifers are also vital sources of fresh supplies to a parched region of two million people , where home - owners live under the continent 's most relaxed water restrictions .
Desalination is unshakably controversial , and it's a subject that residents living near the plant at Kwinana are keen to discuss .
" I hate it as all it does is put up the cost of water , " said Martin Herbert .
But fellow - shopper , Myrna Heslington , a migrant from Mauritius , had a very different opinion : " I think it 's excellent - it 's lifesaving and a godsend , " she said .
Although desalination has a reputation as a pricey technology , the Water Corporation of Western Australia , which operates the plant , says Kwinana water is only about 15 % more expensive than the average for other sources .
What crisis ?
Water Corporation officials now insist that Western Australia , unlike other parts of the country , no longer has a water crisis .
This bold claim has been disputed by Paul Llewellyn , a Green MP in the state 's upper house , who believes that desalinated water " exacerbates the climate problem " , is too expensive and is an option that is masking a potentially catastrophic problem .
" It 's a fool 's paradise ; Perth 's obviously got an acute water problem , " he said .
" I think we 've become very complacent .
What we should be moving to is a much more intelligent , water efficient economy - that is the way to live with climate change .
We have probably been far more water conscious than any developed nation on Earth
Tom Mollenkopf
Australian Water Association
" It 's not beyond the realms of possibility that Perth could be our first ghost city .
" That 's extreme but people will have to have a complete rethink of the way in which they are living . "
Far from embarking on a lifestyle revolution where all homes and businesses would be retro-fitted with ultra-efficient appliances and designs , others have suggested that WA simply needs a giant pipeline linking Perth to brimming tropical rivers up north .
For 20 years , Ernie Bridge , a former state minister for water resources , has championed the idea of channelling supplies through a 2,200 km pipe from the Kimberley region .
" It would shore up Perth for the next 100 years and would be a pretty easy project to construct , " he asserted .
" I can never understand a country like Australia seriously turning to desalination when you 've got that abundance of surface water available to us in the north .
" I think there 's a bit of stupidity in committing to desalination . "
Possibly in the pipeline is an ambitious state - wide water project
While some have been looking towards the wet tropics for unquenchable sources , Jorg Imberger from the University of Western Australia believes the solution lies underground .
" There is no shortage of water in Western Australia , " he told BBC News .
" Underneath the ( state 's ) south - west is an aquifer , and there is a 1,000 years ' worth of potable water sitting down there .
" It has very little connection with the surface , and if you pumped it there would be very minor environmental impact . "
These deep reserves are up to 100,000 years old ; but although there appears to be little political or public appetite to develop such a resource , Professor Imberger said it should be exploited in the same way as deposits of oil and gas .
" Just compare it with minerals , diamonds and coal - you have no problems mining that stuff , and here you have a 1,000 years worth of supply of a vital human resource - water , " he insisted .
If the world can learn one lesson from Australia , perhaps it should be how the community 's attitudes have moved with the times .
" We have probably been far more water conscious than any developed nation on Earth , " said Tom Mollenkopf from the Australian Water Association , an independent body that represents industry professionals .
" There is incredible social pressure to conserve water here , " he said .
" Wasting water in Australia is almost considered criminal . "
The volume of water coming into Perth 's system has fallen by about two - thirds
Return to story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nine years of work disappeared in five minutes yesterday when a NASA satellite crashed into the icy waters near Antarctica .
Now climate scientists who worked on the ambitious effort to map the world 's carbon dioxide are trying to figure out what comes next .
The $ 278 million Orbiting Carbon Observatory was designed to monitor how CO2 enters and exits the Earth 's atmosphere -- hoping to yield a picture of a rhythm that is much like taking a breath .
Forests and oceans absorb the greenhouse gas from the atmosphere , while burning fossil fuels and decaying plant and animal life send more back .
There is a delicate balance between the two processes that shifts with seasons and weather patterns -- plants , for example , pull in more CO2 in spring than in winter , when many lose their leaves .
But while scientists have a basic understanding of the carbon cycle , they can't account for all the CO2 humans produce , said Scott Denning , a professor at Colorado State University who worked on the NASA project 's science team .
" The basic idea is that between the oceans and the land , about half of the fossil - fuel carbon dioxide is being taken up and not going into the air , " he said .
" We need to understand that better to predict what 's going to happen in the future . "
The crash yesterday morning of NASA 's carbon observatory is going to make getting those answers more difficult , scientists said .
Airplanes , weather balloons and ground - monitoring stations can measure how much CO2 is in the air at certain points , but they can't cover the whole globe like a satellite would .
The Orbiting Carbon Observatory , for example , was designed to collect 8 million measurements every day for at least two years .
Using only measurements of CO2 levels taken from the Earth 's surface is like trying to map New York City by standing in the middle of Manhattan , said Paul Wennberg , a professor at the California Institute of Technology who operates a series of ground - based measuring stations .
" You get an idea there are streets and buildings , but it 's very hard to imagine what the broader image looks like , " he said .
" What [ satellites ] do is provide that context . "
Scientists look to Japan
Many scientists who worked with NASA are now hoping to use data from a carbon - monitoring satellite , GOSAT , that Japan 's space agency launched last month .
Take Steven Wofsy of Harvard University , a lead scientist with HIPPO , a recently launched five - year project that uses airplanes to fly pole to pole , gathering information about how much CO2 they encounter along their journeys .
" HIPPO provides a cross-section of the atmosphere , " Wofsy said .
" The idea was to use that to help ensure [ data from ] the satellite was consistent with data being acquired at ground stations . "
With the crash of the NASA satellite yesterday , Wofsy 's team hopes to collaborate with the Japanese GOSAT scientists .
" It 's not as if we 're without anything to do , " he said .
" But now it 's , ' Uh - oh , we need to figure out what to do next . '
We did n't make contingency plans for failure . "
Loss of the U.S. satellite comes at a time when many recent scientific studies have suggested that the world 's oceans and forests are losing their ability to absorb CO2 , said Scott Doney , a senior scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution .
Doney called the crash yesterday " a substantial setback . "
" There have been some studies in the North Atlantic and the Southern Ocean that suggest the ocean is becoming a less effective ' sink , ' " he said .
It also comes as world leaders prepare to negotiate a successor to the Kyoto Protocol .
" In the long run , satellites will provide the information we need to evaluate how much fossil fuel CO2 we 're actually emitting , " Doney said .
That information would form the basis for any international agreement .
Satellite can also help monitor the effectiveness of policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
' Something was terribly wrong '
Agency officials said yesterday that it appears the fairing , a nose cone that shields the satellite as it travels through Earth 's atmosphere , did not detach from the satellite the way it was supposed to .
That left the satellite carrying extra weight that prevented it from reaching orbit .
It likely crashed into the ocean near Antarctica minutes later , said John Brunschwyler of Orbital Sciences , which manufactures the Taurus XL rocket used in yesterday 's aborted launch .
" Certainly , for the scientific community , it 's a huge disappointment , " he said .
" It 's taken so long to get here . "
Ross Salawitch of the University of Maryland , a founding member of the carbon observatory 's science team , offered a sober firsthand account of the launch on his Web site .
Many of the scientists who had traveled to Vandenberg Air Force Base to watch the launch did not realize it had failed until they returned to their hotel 45 minutes later , he wrote .
" When I walked into the hotel lobby , it was clear from the blank look on several hundred people 's faces that something was terribly wrong , " Salawitch said .
" Those of us in the hotel had no contact with our friends and colleagues inside mission control ... about 40 of us lingered in the hotel lobby for about 2.5 hrs , from 2:30 a.m. until 5:00 a.m. , to watch the press conference on a few laptops . "
Michael Freilich , director of NASA 's Earth science programs , said it was too soon to tell whether the agency would seek to rebuild the carbon observatory .
" OCO was an important mission to measure critical elements of the carbon cycle , " he told reporters yesterday morning .
" Over the next several days , weeks and months we are going to carefully evaluate how to move forward and advance the science . "
Convening a ' mishap board ' and looking for new sources of money
That will include looking at instruments already in orbit , which could be modified to collect more information about CO2 in the atmosphere , or seeking access to measurements collected by Japan 's CO2 - measuring satellite , GOSAT .
There may also be " flight spares " for the carbon observatory , Freilich said .
NASA is putting together a " mishap board " to investigate why the launch failed , said launch manager Charles Dovale .
But ultimately , the agency 's decision to rebuild or replace the observatory likely hinges on whether it can use money from the recent economic stimulus bill , which included $ 400 million for climate research at NASA , or whether Congress would be willing to include money for the project in upcoming spending legislation .
On Monday , House Democrats introduced an omnibus spending bill for fiscal year 2009 that includes $ 260 million in new funding for climate science programs , including satellite programs at NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Meanwhile , the fiscal year 2010 spending cycle kicks off tomorrow , when President Obama is set to release his first budget request to Congress .
This story was updated at 12:44 p.m. on Feb. 25 .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 Episodes 163a & 163 b Recap Posted by : admin in Download SpongeBob SquarePants Episodes , Watch SpongeBob SquarePants Online · Comments SpongeBob SquarePants episodes are very sweet and entertaining with characters like SpongeBob and Patrick doing all stupid things and making us laugh .
Here we have recap of another 2 episodes of
SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 .
This week ’s SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 episodes 163a & 163b were titled “ Mermaid Man Begins ” and “ Plankton ’s Good Eye ” .
The 163a episode of SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 started off with Patrick and SpongeBob eagerly waiting at Sponge ’s house to watch on TV Mermaid and Barnacle Boy ’s marathon .
But due to strong winds not only his TV but Sponge ’s house also rips away .
They approach Squidward ’s house and similar thing happens to it also .
But determined to know about Mermaid and Barnacle Boy in this SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8
Episode 163a we see that they reach Mermalair to ask the heroes in person about the tale of their origin .
To which we see mermaid telling them several flashbacks but later as it comes on Mermalair they come to know that all flashbacks were false and they get to know the real reason for their being the heroes was overcooking of popcorns .
And how could Sponge remain away from trying the same , he also tries out to become a hero .
Episode 163b o SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 was also an interesting and funny episode with Plankton trying to grow a second eye to perfect his depth perception and get the secret formula .
But in this attempt he gets a second eye from SpongeBob ’s tear which makes him see all good things as SpongeBob .
We see Plankton turning good due to the eye in this SpongeBob SquarePants Season 8 episode 163b .
And due to this he loses the chance to get the secret formula which was right in front of him .
Plankton likes to be evil and for this he wants to get rid off the eye but fails to do so .
But SpongeBob hugs him so tightly that his eye falls making him evil again .
Those who missed these can watch “ SpongeBob SquarePants ” online .
Watch SpongeBob SquarePants Online Categories : Download SpongeBob SquarePants Episodes
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iran says it has launched its first domestically made satellite into orbit .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the launch had been successful and that with it Iran had " officially achieved a presence in space " .
The satellite , carried on a Safir - 2 rocket , was meant for telecommunication and research purposes , state TV said .
A US state department official said the launch was of " great concern " and could lead to ballistic missile development .
Iran insists its intent is peaceful .
France has also expressed concern , saying the technology used was " very similar " to that used in ballistic missiles .
Iran is subject to United Nations sanctions because some Western powers think it is trying to build a nuclear bomb .
Tehran denies that claim and says its nuclear ambitions are limited to the production of energy .
Revolution anniversary Officials from six world powers - the US , Russia , China , UK , France and Germany - are due to meet in Germany on Wednesday to discuss the nuclear stand - off .
IRAN SPACE AMBITIONS Feb 2009 : Iran declares launch of first home - built satellite into orbit Aug 2008 : Iran launches rocket ' capable of carrying satellite ' Feb 2008 : Iran launches research rocket as part of satellite launch preparations , Tehran says Feb 2007 : Iran says it launches rocket capable of reaching space , which makes parachute - assisted descent to Earth Oct 2005 : Russian rocket launches Iran 's first satellite , Sina -
1
Iran 's slow but sure missile advance
The launch of the Omid ( Hope ) satellite had been expected and was clearly timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the Iranian revolution , says the BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran .
Mr Ahmadinejad said the satellite was launched to spread " monotheism , peace and justice " in the world .
But the launch could cause alarm in the West because of fears the technology could be used to make a long - range missile , possibly with a nuclear warhead , our correspondent says .
Iran will no doubt reply that it is once again being judged by double standards for using a technology that is commonplace in many other parts of the world , he adds .
Speaking after the launch , Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki stressed the project was peaceful .
" Iran 's satellite technology is for purely peaceful purposes and to meet the needs of the country , " Mr Mottaki said , on the fringes of an African Union summit in Ethiopia .
We can't help but link this to the very serious concerns about the development of military nuclear capability
Eric Chevallier
French foreign ministry spokesman US state department official Robert Wood said Iran 's activities could " possibly lead to the development of ballistic missiles " and were of " great concern " .
French foreign ministry spokesman Eric Chevallier said France was " very concerned " about the launch .
" We can't help but link this to the very serious concerns about the development of military nuclear capability , " he said .
UK Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell said the launch underlined the UK's " serious concerns about Iran 's intentions " .
" There are dual applications for satellite launching technology in Iran 's ballistic missile programme , " he said in a statement .
" As a result , we think this sends the wrong signal to the international community , which has already passed five successive UN Security Council resolutions on Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programme . "
John Pike , an expert at the US - based think - tank GlobalSecurity.org , confirmed to the BBC that the launch had been a success and the satellite was now established in a low Earth orbit .
At that altitude it is likely to remain in orbit for some two months before falling back towards Earth and burning up as it re-enters the atmosphere , he told the BBC .
Last August , Iran said it had successfully launched a rocket capable of carrying its first domestically built satellite , having in February launched a low - orbit research rocket as part of preparations for the satellite launch .
That launch marked the inauguration of a new space centre , at an unidentified desert location , which included an underground control station and satellite launch pad .
The White House called the 2008 launch " unfortunate " , warning it would further isolate Iran from the global community .
In February 2007 , Iran said it had launched a rocket capable of reaching space - before it made a parachute - assisted descent to Earth .
In October 2005 , a Russian rocket launched Iran 's first satellite , the Sina - 1 , which carried photographic and telecommunications equipment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - UBS said earnings would remain at risk due to volatile markets , as it revised up its 2008 net loss to 20.9 billion Swiss francs ( $ 18.06 billion ) , to include a big U.S. tax fine and more writedowns .
A traffic sign stands in front of the logo of Swiss bank UBS at the Bahnhofstrasse in Zurich , February 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann
UBS was also more downbeat than a month ago about client flows , saying that net new money remained positive in its wealth management Americas unit , but this was partially offset by net outflows in wealth management elsewhere and in its Swiss bank .
UBS , which is struggling to rebuild its reputation after being hit hard in the credit crisis , said in its annual report that it had revised up its 2008 net loss by 1.2 billion francs from the 19.7 billion francs it reported last month , already the biggest loss in Swiss corporate history .
“ Even after substantial risk reduction , our balance sheet remains exposed to illiquid and volatile markets and our earnings will therefore remain at risk for some time to come , ” UBS said in a letter to shareholders in its annual report .
“ Our near - term outlook remains extremely cautious , ” UBS added in its first forward - looking statement with input from new Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel , a former Credit Suisse chairman appointed late last month to turn around the firm .
Analysts said Gruebel was trying to grapple with the bank giant ’s crisis by getting all the bad news out at once .
“ The new CEO is probably trying to do some kitchen sinking , ” said Andreas Venditti , an analyst at ZKB , meaning Greubel intends to announce all of the bad financial news in one go .
Shares in UBS opened 3.8 percent down after the revised loss and cautious outlook , but then turned positive and were trading 0.5 percent up at 9.84 Swiss francs at 1343 GMT ( 9:43 a.m. EDT ) , while the Dow Jones index of European bank stocks was up 2.8 percent .
MORE OUTFLOWS
UBS had said on February 10 , the day it announced its 2008 results , that net new money had turned positive in wealth and asset management in January , giving a ray of hope to investors that it was managing to stem a flood of client withdrawals .
Since then , the world ’s largest wealth manager agreed to a $ 780 million fine to avert U.S. criminal charges that Swiss regulators say could have threatened the bank ’s survival , and said at the time it would book the fine onto its 2008 accounts .
However , it is still fighting a U.S. civil case that is seeking to force it to reveal the names of 52,000 clients suspected of dodging taxes by stowing cash in Swiss accounts , seen as a threat to Swiss banking secrecy and UBS ’s reputation .
In contrast with its February statement , UBS said on Wednesday its global asset management division had suffered further outflows .
“ There seems to be further outflows .
The wealth management inflows are skewed toward the U.S. , which is not as profitable as other areas of wealth management , ” said Venditti .
“ The big question is : when will the wealth management and Swiss bank division turn positive ? ”
UBS boosted its pool of U.S. client advisors in the final quarter of 2008 , a move that analysts say helped boost inflows in U.S. wealth management as the new advisors brought in their old clients .
The other additional charges that increased the 2008 loss relate to the Swiss National Bank ’s ( SNB ) valuation of around $ 7.8 billion of securities not yet transferred to an SNB stability fund , dedicated to mopping up UBS ’s toxic assets .
“ We knew about the cross border case but we did n’t know about the extra writedowns of the SNB which are a bit disappointing , although not unexpected , ” said Peter Thorne , a banking analyst at Helvea .
The Swiss bank teetered on the verge of bankruptcy during the credit crisis and had to be rescued by the Swiss state .
As criticism mounted over the U.S. case , it replaced its CEO and chairman in the last fortnight to restore investor confidence .
Former UBS CEO Luqman Arnold , a shareholder who clashed with management last year , was quoted on Wednesday in newspaper Tagesanzeiger as saying he was upbeat about the bank ’s future .
Arnold , who is still trying to recover his 2.8 percent stake in UBS from the administrators of collapsed bank Lehman Brothers , praised the choice of Gruebel and said the future of the bank would depend heavily on the U.S. tax probe .
“ The low - point at UBS is near .
It depends on the U.S. attacks on UBS and on which measures the G20 countries decide to take against financial centres with banking secrecy and offshore banking , ” Arnold told the newspaper in an interview .
Arnold said he did not think the bank could collapse , noting that it still had major advantages , including being the world ’s biggest wealth management business .
( Additional reporting by Jason Rhodes , Emma Thomasson ; Editing by Rupert Winchester )
Its easy to write about what the government or other people should do with our / their money .
It ’s harder to come up with a course of action that I can undertake on my own that possibly , somehow could make a difference .
My first inclination is always to try to look “ for the next big thing ” .
But the next big thing is just that , next .
Its not now .
Its Venture Capital .
Its not self funding , renewal capital .
Rather than trying to be a Venture Capitalist , I was looking for an idea that hopefully could inspire people to create businesses that could quickly become self funding .
Businesses that just needed a jump start to get the ball rolling and create jobs .
Im a big believer that entrepreneurs will lead us out of this mess .
I just needed a way to help .
So here it is .
Some people will love it , some will hate it .
It is what it is .
You must post your business plan here on my blog where I expect other people can and will comment on it .
I also expect that other people will steal the idea and use it elsewhere .
That is the idea .
Call this an open source funding environment .
If its a good idea and worth funding , we want it replicated elsewhere .
The idea is not just to help you , but to figure out how to help the economy through hard work and ingenuity .
If you come up with the idea and get funding , you have a head start .
If you execute better than others , you could possibly make money at it .
As you will see from the rules below , these are going to be businesses that are mostly driven by sweat equity .
I will invest money in businesses presented here on this blog .
No minimum , no maximum , but a very specific set of rules .
Here they are :
1 . It can be an existing business or a start up .
2 . It can not be a business that generates any revenue from advertising .
Why ?
Because I want this to be a business where you sell something and get paid for it .
Thats the only way to get and stay profitable in such a short period of time .
3 . It MUST BE CASH FLOW BREAK EVEN within 60 days
4 . It must be profitable within 90 days .
5 . Funding will be on a monthly basis .
If you dont make your numbers , the funding stops
6 . You must demonstrate as part of your plan that you sell your product or service for more than what it costs you to produce , fully encumbered
7. Everyone must work .
The organization is completely flat .
There are no employees reporting to managers .
There is the founder / owners and everyone else
8 . You must post your business plan here , or you can post it on slideshare.com , scribd.com or google docs , all completely public for anyone to see and / or download
9 . I make no promises that if your business is profitable , that I will invest more money .
Once you get the initial funding you are on your own
10 .
I will make no promises that I will be available to offer help .
If I want to , I will .
If not , I wont .
11 . If you do get money , it goes into a bank that I specify , and I have the ability to watch the funds flow and the opportunity to require that I cosign any outflows .
12 . In your business plan , make sure to specify how much equity I will receive or how I will get a return on my money .
13 .
No mult - level marketing programs ( added 2/10/09 1 pm )
Im sure I will come up with more rules as I see what comes along , if anything .
As I find businesses I like , I will use the email address you provide before you post to get in contact with you .
There will be a standard agreement , you can take it or leave it .
Once I have done the standard agreement , I will post it here for all to see .
This will definitely be a work in progress .
Maybe it leads to great things , maybe it leads to nothing .
We will find out .
Im not going to claim a minimum or maximum amount or total I will invest .
Im not promising I will definitely invest anything .
If nothing comes along that I think is viable , thats the way it goes .
Hopefully I will invest in quite a few businesses that will lead to something more
Yesterday the EU imposed temporary tariffs on US biodiesel because subsidies over there distort trade - but that should n't be the only reason to stop the biofuels juggernaut
Is there any trade crazier than the liquid biofuel business ?
Apart from a handful of cars and vans running on used chip fat , it exists only because of government rules and subsidies .
So what social benefits do these buy ?
! ADVERTISEMENT !
BiofuelsÂ are supposed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
They do the opposite .
Almost all of them produce more greenhouse gases than petrol ( gasoline ) or diesel , for two reasons :
â€ ¢Â emissions of nitrous oxideÂ ( a very powerful greenhouse gas ) caused by the application of nitrogen fertilisers
â€¢ the destruction of grassland , wetland and forest caused by the expansion of agriculture stimulated by this new market ( see this study on the biofuel carbon debtÂ and this one on biofuels increasingÂ greenhouse gases Â
Biofuels - especially biodiesel made from palm oil - also cause other kinds of environmental havoc .
They are now among the major drivers of deforestation in Indonesia and Malaysia , wrecking tens of millions of hectares of primary forest and drivingÂ orang - utans and other wildlife towards extinction
Article Continues : Â http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/georgemonbiot/2009/mar/04/travel-and-transport-biofuels
Posted on 28 February 2009 by Quaid
Hi , all .
Quaid here .
Now , we ’ve seen some concept stuff from the Wolfman remake , but I think this gives us the clearest idea of what to expect looks - wise .
When those first pictures of Benicio Del Toro sitting around with Rick Baker , baring his teeth , were released , I thought , “ Jesus Christ , the guy does n’t need any make - up . ”
That ’s how cool it is that Benicio is in this role .
But now we see exactly where make - up wizard Rick Baker is taking this classic character .
And it ’s really surprisingly close to the source material .
It feels like Baker is n’t overly concerned with “ upping the ante ” as far as making the Wolfman less human or more monstrous .
I love that approach , especially because I feel it will make the Wolfman ’s creepiness more acting - dependent .
The last thing we need is another oversized CG wolf monster .
I am jazzed about this one .
Take a look at the pics below , and tell us what you think .
These originated over at ZBrushCentral.com .
Gitmo : Conditions worsening since election Joe Byrne
Published : Sunday February 8 , 2009
Print This Email This Update at bottom : UK suppressed evidence related to genital slicing torture The Obama Administration has made the closing of the Guantanamo Bay prison facility a high priority .
One of Obama 's first executive orders , two days after inauguration , was that Guantanamo be closed within the year .
Human rights activists are applauding the order , as well as his promise that all American - led torture will cease .
With new leadership , many are optimistic that the methods American forces use to gather intelligence during conflict will be dramatically changed .
But surprisingly , in Guantanamo's eleventh hour , conditions are deteriorating due to a massive hunger strike .
Lt. Col. Yvonne - Bradley , a lawyer of detainee Binyam Mohamed , revealed to The Observer 's Mark Townsend and Paul Harris that 50 out of 260 prisoners within Guantanamo are on strike .
20 of those are unhealthy enough to be listed as critical .
The Joint Task Force in charge of Guantanamo has not commented on the hunger strike .
" Binyam has witnessed people being forcibly extracted from their cell .
Swat teams in police gear come in and take the person out ; if they resist , they are force - fed and then beaten .
Binyam has seen this and has not witnessed this before .
Guantanamo
Bay is in the grip of a mass hunger strike and the numbers are growing ; things are worsening ,  Bradley said .
Lt. Col .
Bradley is in London to demand the release of her client , a UK resident , and to obtain disclosure of secret documents that reveal Britain 's complicity in Mohamed 's imprisonment and torture .
Binyam Mohamed was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and taken to a  Morocco torture prison . "
There , he was told that the MI5 was working with the CIA to bring down Al Qaeda .
2 years later he was moved to a similar prison in Kabul , and finally ended up at Guantanamo in May 2005 .
While in detention , he was interviewed by an MI5 officer known only as  Witness B. 
Selected journal entries recording his experience in each prison can be found here .
If the records obtained by Bradley indicate that MI5 was involved in the torture of Mohamed and others , then there will almost certainly be an investigation into the UK 's secret activities in the War on Terror .
UK intelligence officials , including Foreign Secretary David Miliband , may face criminal prosecution .
Claims that Miliband was keen to suppress evidence of torture are going to be evaluated in court this week .
Meanwhile , a visit by the Senate Armed Services Committee to Guantanamo Bay brought only positive news from the detention facility .
Senator James Inhofe ( R , OK ) led a fact - finding mission in response to Obama 's executive order to close the prison .
He is opposed to the closing of the prison , which would result in the eventual freedom of 260 inmates , most of whom have already been imprisoned for 4 years .
A video of Inhofe at Guantanamo was published on his blog .
 The detainee complex at Guantanamo is the only complex in the world that can safely and humanely hold these individuals who pose such a grave security risk to the US ,  he said in a floor Senate speech .
Senator Richard Burr ( R - NC ) added ,  If anyone receives mistreatment at Guantanamo , it is the guard force .
They must endure frequent verbal and physical attacks from detainees while maintaining the highest standard of care for those same individuals . 
None of the four senators who went on the visit have made any references to the hunger strike that is being held by one - fifth of the population .
Despite Obama 's executive order to close the prison and his promise to transform U.S. intelligence tactics , key Bush - era Guantanamo advisers still hold their positions within the Pentagon .
Three senior officials who oversaw policy at the prison were suspected of ' burrowing in ' , or creating career jobs out of political appointment .
Some are worried that these officials who supported Guantanamo during the Bush administration will be reluctant to shut it down .
It 's unclear whether Obama will keep his promise of reversing the way we deal with suspected terrorists .
The closure of Guantanamo Bay will not be easy and faces opposition by Republicans in the Senate and many within the Pentagon .
However , as developments in the UK and the US bring documents from the past eight years of secret interrogations to light , more information may help the Obama administration fulfill its promises .
UK suppressed evidence related to genital slicing torture
The evidence that the UK government had suppressed from a torture suspect 's trial referred to genital slicing torture , according to a published report .
" Material in a CIA dossier on Mr Mohamed that was blacked out by High Court judges contained details of how British intelligence officers supplied information to his captors and contributed questions while he was brutally tortured , " The Sunday Telegraph reported .
The article continues , " Intelligence sources have revealed that spy chiefs put pressure on Mr Miliband to do nothing that would leave serving MI6 officers open to prosecution , or to jeopardise relations with the CIA , which is passing them ' top notch ' information on British terrorist suspects from its own informers in Britain . "
" The 25 lines edited out of the court papers contained details of how Mr Mohamed 's genitals were sliced with a scalpel and other torture methods so extreme that waterboarding , the controversial technique of simulated drowning , 'is very far down the list of things they did , ' the official said , " Tim Shipman and Melissa Kite , report for The Telegraph .
Last week , British foreign secretary David Miliband vehemently denied that the US had pressured Britain to keep the Mohamed documents secret , insisting instead that the UK was unable to release the information simply because it would have violated the intel - sharing agreement with the US , an explanation that does n't appear to jibe with what the High Court judges originally described .
By Clare Murphy
BBC News health reporter
After three days in intensive care Oluchi was breathing on her own
A two - year - old girl has made an almost complete recovery after spending nearly 20 minutes at the bottom of a pool .
Scans showed Oluchi Nwaubani had been starved of oxygen for some 18 minutes - three times longer than the brain can usually survive - in Bromley , London .
Despite being warned that even if she were to live she may never walk or talk again , her parents say she can run around and say " what she wants " .
Doctors say while the case is highly unusual , it is not unprecedented .
Prompt response by both ambulance and helicopter to the scene of the accident in south London last September may well have made the difference between life and death .
Oluchi was rapidly airlifted to the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel before being transferred for specialist care to Great Ormond Street - after three days she was breathing again on her own .
FROM VICTORIA DERBYSHIRE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live
As well as the rapid , high level of intensive care Oluchi received , her youth combined with the cold water may also have helped her beat the odds .
" Contrary to popular belief small children are quite strong - they have very healthy hearts , lungs and brains , " says Ffion Davies , an A&E consultant and member of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health .
" On top of that , the cold water will have slowed down the body 's metabolism and so you can actually survive quite a long period without oxygen . "
Children cool faster than adults because they have a higher ratio of surface area to weight than adults .
Keeping cold Oluchi's case may be unusual but there have been several such cases of both children and adults surviving prolonged periods under water in recent years .
Contrary to popular belief small children are quite strong - they have very healthy hearts , lungs and brains
Ffion Davies
A&E consultant Last year , a 35 - year - old London architect was found floating in the water off Cape Town : when dragged to shore he was not breathing and had no pulse .
While it is not clear how long John Deeks spent under water , it is thought he was without a pulse for as long as an hour .
Cool water is thought to have played a part in his survival - the water he was swimming in was likely to have been around 15C ( 60 F ) .
There have also been a string of cases documented in the US .
Oluchi's case is put into perspective by that of Michelle Funk , who was also two when she was submerged in a cold Utah river for nearly 70 minutes in 1986 .
Doctors published an article on her progress in 1988 , by which time she had essentially returned to normal .
Three months on from the accident , Oluchi 's parents are hopeful of a full recovery .
They say movement is currently the main problem .
" Nevertheless she is now on her feet - she 's walking , she 's running , and her speech is very good , " says her mother , Tayo .
" She 's all over the place .
You can't keep her down . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gary Graham .
Huntsville , Texas 2000 Gary Graham was convicted on the testimony of a single eyewitness who , after a robbery and murder , saw someone " for a split second " at 9:30 pm in a dimly - lit Safeway parking lot from a distance of " thirty three to forty four feet " .
At least five other people witnessed the crime , and were much closer to the suspect .
None of these witnesses could identify Graham .
Four people have sworn affidavits that Mr. Graham was with them continuously at the time of the crime and have passed polygraph tests .
Many feel this evidence against Graham was insufficient to convict anyone of murder .
He was 17 years old at the time of his conviction .
Graham was executed June 22 , 2000 .
Thanks to social networks and tools like Twitter and RSS , online communications today are made up of much more than just simply Web pages .
Yet while these technologies have increased the volume of messages on the Internet , they 're not all easily accessed through one of the most - used Internet applications -- the Web browser .
That 's where Mozilla 's Snowl comes into play .
A number of developers make browser add - ons designed to incorporate social media and RSS feeds , but Snowl , which hit its 0.2 release this week , marks Mozilla 's effort to debut an add - on that ties in closely with its popular Firefox browser .
" Snowl came out of conversations in the Mozilla community starting in 2007 about how to improve messaging on the Internet , " Mozilla developer Myk Melez told InternetNews.com .
" Its goal is to find ways to help users track and participate in conversations wherever they happen , not just on social networks . "
Snowl comes as interest hits an all - time high in Web 2.0 media -- a loose category of Internet content that includes blogs and RSS - derived content , microblogging services like Twitter and feeds from social networking sites like Facebook and MySpace .
Last month , rumors began swirling that Facebook had passed the 160 million - user mark .
For Mozilla , a close embrace of Web 2.0 with Snowl may have an impact beyond simply making it easier for users to access Twitter and similar services :
It may actually represent the future of the popular browser .
" Right now , we 're focusing on experimenting with various approaches to integrating messaging into the browser via Snowl , " Melez said .
" We 're continuing to develop it as an add - on , and we 'll propose uplifting individual features into Firefox as we validate that those features will improve the browsing experience for a broad cross-set of Firefox users . "
Mozilla makes its move
Snowl is officially a Mozilla Labs project , which is Mozilla 's research and development effort for expanding Web technology .
Other Labs efforts include Mozilla Weave for data sharing , Prism for Web applications and Geode for geotagging .
The add - on's newest iteration includes new message visualization and Twitter features .
Mozilla added a stream view to Snowl that enables users to see all of their messages in a browser sidebar .
Twitter support has been expanded , with the ability to handle multiple Twitter accounts as well as the ability to send messages to other users .
With the latest string of improvements , Mozilla is aiming to make it easier for users to get content without the browser itself getting in the way , which is one of the challenges facing its developers .
" Snowl 's first big challenge is to find the right set of features and interfaces to help users communicate and interact with Web sites , social networks and each other without distracting them from routine tasks they perform in the browser , " Melez said .
Wal - Mart Stores is striding into the market for electronic health records , seeking to bring the technology into the mainstream for physicians in small offices , where most of America ’s doctors practice medicine .
Wal - Mart ’s move comes as the Obama administration is trying to jump - start the adoption of digital medical records with $ 19 billion of incentives in the economic stimulus package .
The company plans to team its Sam ’s Club division with Dell for computers and eClinicalWorks , a fast - growing private company , for software .
Wal - Mart says its package deal of hardware , software , installation , maintenance and training will make the technology more accessible and affordable , undercutting rival health information technology suppliers by as much as half .
“ We ’re a high - volume , low - cost company , ” said Marcus Osborne , senior director for health care business development at Wal - Mart .
“ And I would argue that mentality is sorely lacking in the health care industry . ”
" He explained that he had debts and saw the work as a way of paying them off .
He accepted he had acted dishonestly .
He claimed to have panicked and hoped it would all go away . "
After years of sitting in storage , my deadbeat ex-housemate ’s old Symbolics XL1200 Lisp Machine has found a new home : HackLabTO , located in Accordion City ’s Kensington Market neighbourhood .
I thought I ’d post a couple of pictures of its keyboard , which is a little different from the ones we see every day .
The keyboard is bristling with modifier keys .
Yes , we ’ve all got shift and control , but most of us do n’t have hyper , super , and meta keys .
I have a guess as to what the network and local keys do .
Well before the Sony Playstation , Lisp machines had square ” , “ circle ” and “ triangle ” keys :
And here ’s a look at the right side of the keyboard .
Today ’s keyboards have an auto - repeat feature , which made the repeat key obsolete :
A veteran pot activist named Richard Lee founded Oaksterdam in 2007 to serve this new and lucrative trade and add a veneer of respectability to an industry operating in a legal gray area .
( The feds have adopted a mostly hands - off policy , though they occasionally swoop in to make an example - setting arrest , like that of the comedian and stoner icon Tommy Chong , in 2003 , for running a head shop . )
State law requires no formal training to operate a dispensary , so an Oaksterdam degree is more showpiece than necessity .
My introductory class had consisted of two sessions .
The first taught the legal and business aspects of running a dispensary and , because the faculty is active in the cannabusiness , emphasized such practical concerns as not getting robbed ( keep your stash in a gun safe ) and not getting busted ( exude good corporate citizenship — incorporate , pay your taxes , join the Chamber of Commerce ; Duncan won over suspicious neighbors by cleaning up all the dog poop on the block ) .
Learn your bud : what ’s good , what ’s bad .
Carry a variety of strains , at different price points .
Know their effects .
For instance , you ’ll need to explain to customers that sativas produce a clear , heady high , while indicas cause a drowsier , full - bodied kind of lift ( and munchies ) .
You ’ll want to sample everything .
The second session was Grow Lab , taught by a reed - thin young man in a kimono shirt , who introduced himself as Joey the Horticulturalist .
State law allows patients and caregivers to grow 12 plants , but some localities set higher limits ( Oakland , for instance , allows 72 ) , so if you prefer to do without external suppliers , you can grow your own .
Joey had assembled a nylon “ Hydro Hut , ” with lights , ventilator fans , and a grow table — your basic beginner setup .
While explaining how everything fit together and how we would plant , grow , and harvest a crop as a class project , Joey effortlessly fielded a series of increasingly technical questions , earning respectful nods .
For raw botanical skills , Martha Stewart can’t hold a candle to Joey .
The vibe at Oaksterdam was friendly , but without quite encouraging intermingling .
I struck up a conversation with the guy behind me .
Balding and bearded , with a ponytail and a tie - dyed shirt , he looked to be about 60 and introduced himself simply as “ Hawkeye . ”
Hawkeye had ambitions to be a large - scale commercial grower — not strictly legal , although I did not sense concern .
Yet he was the only cliché - worthy specimen I encountered at pot school .
My 30 or so classmates encompassed every age , gender , and ethnicity ; paid careful attention ; and asked pointed , intelligent questions .
Save for perhaps a slight overrepresentation of piercings and tattoos , nothing indicated an unusual field of study .
The atmosphere of purposeful endeavor was like what you might find at a night - school business class of aspiring franchisees .
I have just finished reading Benjamin Franklin 's autobiography , something I have n't done since before I began worshiping with Friends .
I had not before noted how frequently he mentioned Quakers in his discussions of colonial life in Pennsylvania .
In the 1740s when Franklin was working with the Philadelphia government to establish an organization of colonists dedicated to defense , he had difficulty with Friends who were , of course , opposed to this course of action as a matter of principle .
The following is an excerpt from Franklin 's autobiography :
The honorable and learned Mr. Logan , who had always been of that sect , was one who an address to them , declaring his approbation of defensive war , and supporting his opinion by many strong arguments .
He put into my hand sixty pounds to be laid out in lottery tickets for the battery , with directions to apply what prizes might be drawn wholly to that service .
He told me the following anecdote of his old master , William Penn , respecting defense .
He came over from England , when a young man , with that proprietary , and as his secretary .
It was war - time , and their ship was chas'd by an armed vessel , suppos'ed to be an enemy .
Their captain prepar'd for defense ; but told William Penn , and his company of Quakers , that he did not expect their assistance , and they might retire into the cabin , which they did , except James Logan , who chose to stay upon deck , and was quarter 'd to a gun .
The suppos'd enemy prov'd a friend , so there was no fighting ; but when the secretary went down to communicate the intelligence , William Penn rebuk'd him severely for staying upon deck , and undertaking to assist in defending the vessel , contrary to the principles of Friends , especially as it had not been required by the captain .
This reproof , being before all the company , piqu'd the secretary , who anser'd , " I being thy servant , why did thee not order me to come down ?
But thee was willing enough that I should stay and help to fight the ship when thee thought there was danger . "
My being many years in the Assembly , the majority of which were constantly Quakers , gave me frequent opportunities of seeing the embarassment given them by their principle against war , whenever application was made to them , by order of the crown , to grant aids for military purposes .
They were unwilling to offend government , on the one hand , by a direct refusal ; and their friends , the body of the Quakers , on the other hand , by a compiance contrary to their principles ; hence a variety of evasions to avoid complying , and modes of disguising the compliance when it became unavoidable ...
Having heard today ’s Friends discuss the issue of war and taxes on more than one occasion , I felt sympathy toward colonial Friends ’ difficulties .
While I would like to idealize these ancient Friends as somehow more radically perfect than today ’s model , the truth is that collectively and as individuals they also performed a kind of dance of compromise with principle .
On more than one occasion , Franklin ’s autobiography describes how he assisted his Quaker associates in this dance .
As a member of the Quaker dominated colonial assembly , Franklin describes how he takes some pains to assure that Friends will not be so compromised in their principles that they will feel compelled to stubbornly thwart the efforts of non-Friends .
At other times the Friends are well - aware that their own political responsibilities are stymied by their religious convictions .
In such circumstances , Franklin describes how the local Quaker - dominated colonial government saves face with both the king and their coreligionists .
For instance , this can include explicitly excusing Friends from military duty while requiring it of others so that Friends will not stand in the way of colonial military action for non-Quakers .
It might mean collecting taxes from Friends that will be put toward the war but carefully saying such monies were “ for the king ’s use ” without inquiring into the particulars .
In these matters , Franklin claims that many , if not most , Friends were not individually opposed to defense and he gives examples of individuals doing their best to wiggle around the injunction of perfect pacifism .
Contrasting the Friends unfavorably to ( in Franklin 's opinion ) the more sensible Moravians who acknowledged the necessity of defensive violence , Franklin decries the Friends ’ uncompromising dogmatism that he sees leads them into conflict and hypocrisy .
In Franklin ’s view , it was imprudence and a lack of forethought that put the Friends in this position .
I guess he has a point but it may not be the right one .
The point was never whether or not we followed our principles perfectly , but that we continue to make the attempt .
Although I support no wars , decry all violence ( including violence against animals and the body of the earth ) , I have been violent in thought and deed .
I have been frightened and ready to strike out .
I am against the death penalty and abhor the use of force against the mentally ill and those accused of crimes .
Yet , I have been secretly thankful for the police force ’s violent intervention against crime and abuse in my community .
I reject violent overthrow of governments and violent action against one ’s personal oppressors , and yet I have silently cheered the actions of oppressed peoples who have risen up against their abusers .
Was William Penn also a hypocrite when he failed to require his servant to come into the cabin rather than stand outside with a gun ?
Probably .
But if Penn and other Friends had allowed their imperfection to thwart their attempt at loving obedience to the will of the divine , the principle of pacifism might have died among Friends .
If they had become disheartened by their imperfection and had given up the principle , the world would have lost the pacifist example of such imperfect Friends as John Woolman , Lucretia Mott , and Amy Post .
They would have lost the leadership of such people made strong enough by their devotion to peace to take on slavery , misogyny , and war .
If Friends had compromised on this principle when they realized they could not achieve it , they would have surrendered the great role they had to play in humanity ’s struggle for a just and loving world just when the world needed their idealism most .
These thoughts give me courage in the midst of my failures .
I am a poor pacifist but my faltering and failures do not excuse me from the calling to peace .
That we are human and cannot achieve perfection does not excuse us from its pursuit .
And I am painfully , tenderly , bewilderingly human .
I thirst .
I hunger .
I rage , fear , grow weary and lust .
These things I cannot change .
They are a part of my animal nature , but it is this same animal nature that gives me my curiosity , love , the will to survive and the ability to nurture those in need .
It was not given to me to achieve perfection .
It was given to me to try .
So I will try .
I will try and fail , repent and try again .
I will not give up .
I will not give up when others mock my idealism and criticize my hypocrisy .
I will not give up when the way seems uncertain and I cannot make reason and convenience match the charge that I must love all humanity .
I can hear the old arguments .
" Pacifism is a pretty idea but it is impractical .
What if someone attacks your country , your home , your child ?
Do n’t tell me you wo n’t fight !
If you say this , you are delusional or you are a liar . ”
My answer to such arguments can only be this : I do not know .
I am not there in those terrible situations .
I am here in a place in which I am charged with the task of preventing aggressions , healing hurts , and sustaining the vulnerable .
I am here working toward a future in which the occasions in which violence appears to be the best choice become rarer and the non-violent tools we have to address conflict become more common .
So the Friends paid taxes “ for the king ’s use ” but they refused to fight .
Penn refused to pick up a weapon to defend himself but said nothing as his servant picked up a weapon to defend him .
Yet William Penn and the colonial Friends , even in their hypocricy , were still called to pacifism during the violent years of imperialism , colonization , and rebellion .
And I who have yelled , stomped about and thrown things in anger , must still seek after peace and strive for it with my voice , my vote , and my influence .
My hypocrisy shames me , but it does not excuse me from standing up and standing in the way of violence .
I have to keep trying .
I have to keep believing .
Benjamin Franklin may have been right when he described “ These embarrassments … suffered form having establish ’d and published it as one of their principles that no kind of war was lawful , and which , being published , they could not afterwards , however they might change their minds , easily get rid of … ”
What he did n’t see was that such beliefs do not merely come to us from rationalism and worldly logic .
They grow out of an Almighty Silence rich in love and heavy with responsibility .
The principle of perfect peace must be defended by imperfect defenders .
Sometimes it seems grossly unfair and improper to expect a thing so grand from creatures so frail , but God did not assign this task to angels .
The assignment belongs to us .
Labels
Ask Your Government : Whistleblowing Tips
By Ed O'Keefe
This week 's " Ask Your Government " question comes from Google Moderator user Veritas :
" Has any federal agency set up an online system so that any of their employees can report on government waste in a totally anonymous way so that he / she wo n't be punished ? "
YES !
All of the cabinet departments and most federal agencies have ways for government employees or anyone else to report on waste , fraud and abuse , though not always anonymously .
For starters , there 's the Web site of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , which solicits online tips on waste , fraud and abuse and recently established a Financial Crisis Tipline .
It also encourages phone calls and tips through regular mail .
While the committee accepts anonymous tips , one staffer noted that tips without a name or contact information can create problems when investigators attempt to follow up .
Still , the staffer said anonymous tips have led to serious investigations .
The Government Accountability Office 's FraudNET , part of its Forensic Audits and Special Investigations Team , accepts tips online , by phone or by mail .
The inspectors general of each cabinet department and most agencies also have online tip forms and telephone hotlines .
( See a full list after the jump ) .
The Commerce Department has one of the most web - friendly and detailed online submission forms , providing options for each Commerce bureau and the option of submitting information confidentially or anonymously .
A word of caution however : Raising awareness of waste , fraud and abuse can have dire consequences for the whistleblower .
The Project On Government Oversight ( POGO ) , Government Accountability Project ( GAP ) and Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) ( three groups with awesome acronyms ) have co-authored a whistleblowing " how - to " manual called , " The Art of Anonymous Activism : Serving the Public While Surviving Public Service . "
The title of the manual 's first chapter says it all : " " Blowing the Whistle May Be Hazardous to Your Professional Health . "
Here are three reasons why :
1. ) It Is Not a Fair Fight : " One person against an entire agency or government is a David versus Goliath struggle .
In terms of raw power , the agency holds all the cards . "
2. ) It Often Misses The Point : " When agency employees go public with tales of malfeasance , the media spotlight often focuses on a personality to the expense of the issue . "
3. ) It Often Takes the Best and Brightest Out of the Agencies : " Even the most successful whistleblowers end up leaving the agency , too disheartened to pursue their chosen career .
The scar tissue caused by waging the battle often exceeds the fruits of the victory . "
Order the book online or read the first chapter for free on POGO 's Web site .
In spite of potential career difficulties for whistleblowers , GAP , PEER , federal workers unions and other groups do provide assistance for whistleblowers .
Do YOU have a question for or about the federal government ?
Sign up for the " Ask Your Government " Google Moderator group , send your query to federaleye@washingtonpost.com or ask away in the comment section below .
--
The best way to compare Medicare Advantage plans is by taking a look at each plan in detail .
Each plan should be compared side - by - side to find out which one is the best for you and your family .
In order to compare Medicare Advantage plans , it is necessary to gather all the information that you can about each of the different plans .
After all , you will be making a decision that may affect your finances for years to come .
You want to make sure that you can afford the plan that you select .
It is important to understand the different plans that are available so that you know exactly what each of them offers and how much they cost .
Then you can begin to compare the plans by using the same criteria to select the best plan .
The first thing that you will need to look for is the company ’s reputation .
Although each plan is run by a private , for - profit company , you do not want to choose one that has a history of questionable quality .
Make sure that the company has not been in trouble with the state insurance department .
You will also want to check into the reputation of the provider of the plan .
Each plan will be offered by different companies , so you need to determine which company is licensed to administer the plan .
Also check into the number of Medicare beneficiaries enrolled .
It will be more difficult to compare plans if the provider or plan does not offer the same benefits as those that the other plans offer .
So , check to see if the plan you are considering offers the same benefits as the plan you are looking at is offering .
When comparing the different plans , you will also want to consider the options available to you .
Some plans include coverage of prescription drugs , while others do not .
While some provide maximum limits on the number of services you can receive each month , while others will limit the number of services you can receive in any one month .
Every plan has its own unique benefits that may be helpful to you .
But you also need to consider that some plans may be more popular than others .
To make sure that you are getting the best possible benefits that you are entitled to , you need to take the time to compare the plans offered by the various companies .
If you are confused about what type of plan to get , you will want to take advantage of the assistance that Medicare provides .
They have a toll - free customer service number , which you can call to discuss your specific needs .
During your conversation , they will be able to tell you about each plan and help you decide which one is best for you .
If you are not familiar with the Medicare Advantage plans , you will also want to take advantage of the resources available to you through the government ’s website .
Through this site , you will be able to compare Medicare Advantage plans side - by - side , allowing you to make an informed decision about which plan is right for you .
Although each plan is different , they all share many of the same qualities .
Each plan is designed to provide you with quality medical care .
They all have high quality doctors and nurses who are available to take care of your medical needs .
When you compare Medicare Advantage plans , you will want to make the final decision after talking to a representative from each plan .
Then you will be able to make the best choice for your personal healthcare needs .
Up until the most recent storms hit Northern California , our local river flow was well below normal .
Â
Just gazing at the river , it was easy to tell we were experiencing drought for the third year in a row .
Â
Just how serious the situation was did not sink until I checked the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) National Water Information System ( NWIS ) real time and historical data for our river .
photo by roger b.
NWIS provides real time data on surface water , ground water , and water quality .
Â
Water - resources data is collected at approximately 1.5 million sites in all 50 States , the District of Columbia , and Puerto Rico by the USGS .
The types of data collected are varied , but generally fit into the broad categories of surface water and ground water .
Surface - water data , such as gage height ( stage ) and streamflow ( discharge ) , are collected at major rivers , lakes , and reservoirs .
Ground - water data , such as water level , are collected at wells and springs .
Water - quality data are available for both surface water and ground water .
Examples of water - quality data collected are temperature , specific conductance , pH , nutrients , pesticides , and volatile organic compounds .
Historical data , in addition to real time information , is included for the sites .
Â
Take for example the river that runs through my community .
Â
A week ago today , the South Fork of the Trinity River was running at 525 cfs . Â
Today , that figure is at 8,060 cfs !Â
The median average over the past 43 years for this time of year is about 2200 cfs .
The USGS WIS website also reports the lowest recorded river levels occurred on this date 1991 ( 181 cfs ) .
Â
This data demonstrates the significance of the storm we are experiencing .
It ’s amazing what one storm can do to bring up a river , and the NWIS is a useful tool for monitoring water in both drought and flooding conditions .
Â Â Rivers are important to the health of our planet and people , and monitoring their flows and health ensures proper conservation is followed .
Â Â We can not live without fresh water .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group
Inc expects to report a fourth - quarter loss of about $ 60 billion , a source familiar with the matter said on Monday .
The troubled insurer has also retained the law firm Weil , Gotshal & Manges , but has no plans to file for bankruptcy , the source said .
( Reporting by Paritosh Bansal ; editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 9 , 2008
The Tehran Times reports via Press TV :
Iran ’s security forces say they have arrested some elements of a terrorist group in eastern Iran who had a hand in the execution of 15 police officers .
“ ” The Iranian intelligence and police forces have arrested some terrorists who were behind the killings of 15 Iranian police members , ” ” Kazem Jalali , a senior lawmaker told reporters on Monday .
The captured terrorists are to be brought to the justice in near future and their open hearing will be broadcast for the Iranian nation , he added .
Officials from Iran ’s foreign and intelligence ministries met with senior Pakistani police authorities on Monday to discuss the ways to return to Iran the bodies of the killed officers .
According to the information and documents obtained by Pakistani government , some elements inside Pakistan are supporting Jundullah group , the Iranian MP noted .
Also , the Arabic Nahrainnet website cited informed sources in Pakistan ’s Peshawar on Monday who claimed that Saudi Arabian intelligence agencies have significantly increased their support for the terrorist group .
Jundullah is a CIA spawned terror group and its operational base is located in Afghanistan .
It conducts raids into the southeastern Iranian province of Sistan - Baluchestan .
According to Brigadier General Mohammad , Jundullah receives “ support from British and US forces in neighboring Afghanistan for its campaign of violence in Sistan - Baluchestan , ” David Eshel wrote in the March 2007 Defense Update .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ A Pakistani tribal militant group responsible for a series of deadly guerrilla raids inside Iran has been secretly encouraged and advised by American officials since 2005 , U.S. and Pakistani intelligence sources tell ABC News , ” Brain Ross reported on April 3 , 2007 .
“ U.S. officials say the U.S. relationship with Jundullah is arranged so that the U.S. provides no funding to the group , which would require an official presidential order or ‘ finding ’ as well as congressional oversight . ”
In other words , the murder and destabilization campaign against Iran is a U.S. sponsored covert operation .
“ Some former CIA officers say the arrangement is reminiscent of how the U.S. government used proxy armies , funded by other countries including Saudi Arabia , to destabilize the government of Nicaragua in the 1980s . ”
ABC , of course , did not bother to mention that the CIA sponsored Contras were brutal terrorists who wantonly targeted civilians , attacked agriculture , destroyed Nicaragua ’s fishing industry , and assassinated hundreds of Sandinista government officials .
“ They regularly destroyed health centers , schools , agricultural cooperatives , and community centers — symbols of the Sandinistas ’ social programs in rural areas .
People caught in these assaults were often tortured and killed in the most gruesome ways , ” writes William Blum ( Killing Hope : U.S. Military and CIA Interventions since World War II , Common Courage Press , 1995 ) .
No doubt the CIA and its proxy Jundullah terrorists are committing likewise atrocities and crimes in Iran .
“ Pakistani government sources say the secret campaign against Iran by Jundullah was on the agenda when Vice President Dick Cheney met with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in February , ” Ross wrote .
“ A senior U.S. government official said groups such as Jundullah have been helpful in tracking al Qaeda figures and that it was appropriate for the U.S. to deal with such groups in that context . ”
It is interesting to note that Jundullah receives training in Afghanistan and South Waziristan , the very places the U.S. claims al - Qaeda has a presence .
Moreover , it seems rather odd that Cheney and crew would support a terrorist group that has targeted “ Pakistan ’s pro-US rulers and US and British interests in the country , ” as Syed Saleem Shahzad notes for the Asia Times .
On second thought , it is not so strange after all .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By GottaLaff
Alaska Attorney General Talis Colberg has resigned in the wake of state legislators blasting his performance during the " troopergate " investigation .
" He just explained that it is a tough environment right now , " said Gov. Sarah Palin , who appointed Colberg to the job just over two years ago .
In an interview with the Anchorage Daily News this morning , Palin said Colberg did a great job as attorney general . [...]
" It is a harsh political environment right now .
You saw what he went through these last couple of weeks with speculation that a couple of the lawmakers wanted to continue to grill him , a couple of the lawmakers not believing , it seems , what he had to say , " Palin said .
" I just hope this political environment does n't deter others who want to make a positive difference . "
New $ 3 LED Bulb Lasts 60 Years
January 29th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
The battle between CFL and LED bulbs may finally be over thanks to researchers at Cambridge University who have developed a $ 3 LED bulb that lasts for 60 years .
The bulb , which is smaller than a penny , is 12 times more efficient than tungsten bulbs and three times more efficient than fluorescent bulbs .
Cambridge ’s new 100,000 hour , mercury - free LED bulb uses a man-made semiconductor called gallium nitride that is grown on a cheap silicon wafer .
Previously , gallium nitride has only been grown on pricey sapphire wafers .
According to researchers working on the project , the first low - cost LED bulbs could be in stores as early as 2011 .
Photo Credit : Graham Turner
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Is it racist for white people to shoot black zombies ?
This Friday , Capcom 's new release " Resident Evil 5 , " from producer Jun Takeuchi , broaches that question .
The franchise , which first launched in 1996 , has sold more than 12 million units and earned nearly a half billion dollars in revenue , according to research firm NPD Group .
It 's even been spun into a modestly successful film trilogy starring Milla Jovovich .
The latest entry in the series follows Chris Redfield , the hero of the first game , as he tracks the cause of a ...
With Mother 's Day , Father 's Day and high school and college graduations upcoming , there will be plenty of gift - giving and well wishes .
When those start pouring in , let yourself be grateful — it 's the best way to achieve happiness according to several new studies conducted by Todd Kashdan , associate professor of psychology at George Mason University .
Gratitude , the emotion of thankfulness and joy in response to receiving a gift , is one of the essential ingredients for living a good life , Kashdan says .
Kashdan 's most recent paper , which was published online this week at the Journal of Personality , reveals that when it comes to achieving well - being , gender plays a role .
He found that men are much less likely to feel and express gratitude than women .
" Previous studies on gratitude have suggested that there might be a difference in gender , and so we wanted to explore this further — and find out why .
Even if it is a small effect , it could make a huge difference in the long run , " says Kashdan .
In one study , Kashdan interviewed college - aged students and older adults , asking them to describe and evaluate a recent episode in which they received a gift .
He found that women compared with men reported feeling less burden and obligation and greater levels of gratitude when presented with gifts .
In addition , older men reported greater negative emotions when the gift giver was another man .
" The way that we get socialized as children affects what we do with our emotions as adults , " says Kashdan .
" Because men are generally taught to control and conceal their softer emotions , this may be limiting their well - being . "
As director of the Laboratory for the Study of Social Anxiety , Character Strengths , and Related Phenomena at Mason , Kashdan is interested in the assessment and cultivation of well - being , curiosity , gratitude and meaning and purpose in life .
He has been active in the positive psychology movement since 2000 , when he taught one of the first college courses on the science of happiness .
Kashdan says that if he had to name three elements that are essential for creating happiness and meaning in life it would be meaningful relationships , gratitude , and living in the present moment with an attitude of openness and curiosity .
His book " Curious ? , " which outlines ways people can enhance and maintain the various shades of well - being , is scheduled for release in April 2009 with HarperCollins .
Source : George Mason University
Mr Rudd effectively used internet profiles on MySpace and Facebook and his slick Kevin07 website during last year 's federal election but , since becoming Prime Minister , he has n't had much time for the web .
But last night Mr Rudd sent an email to all his supporters informing them of his new website , KevinPM.com.au , which includes links to MySpace , Facebook , a new YouTube account , a Flickr photo sharing page and his newly created Twitter page for broadcasting short snappy text messages .
In an introductory video on the new site , Mr Rudd says his aim is to show the public exactly what the Government is up to and to create a two - way dialogue .
" A new Australia needs a new way of governing and that also means keeping in touch with the community in different ways as well , " Mr Rudd says .
His Liberal counterpart , Malcolm Turnbull , also has accounts on Facebook , MySpace , Flickr and YouTube but , while Mr Rudd is new to Twitter , Mr Turnbull has been communicating with Twitter users since mid-October .
Mr Turnbull 's Twitter updates have evolved from bland remarks announcing he is " in Parliament " and " reading the morning papers " to sharing links to his statements and responding directly to other Twitter users .
At the time of writing , Mr Turnbull has 1264 people following his Twitter updates ( 94 have been made so far ) , while Mr Rudd , who joined yesterday , has 323 followers and two updates .
" There were 670 followers as I understand it and at 10.30 last night it crashed and all the Twitter followers disappeared with the crash and there were only 33 left then , " Mr Rudd 's spokeswoman said .
" It 's because Twitter essentially is not used to people getting so many followers in such a short time . "
The claim has been verified with those who saw Rudd's Twitter page last night .
Mr Turnbull has been ranked 25th on a list of the top 100 influential Australian Twitterers , based on the number of people following his updates .
He has said on Twitter that he writes his updates personally , while Mr Rudd 's spokeswoman said she would need to come back with information on whether Mr Rudd updates Twitter himself .
Twitter 's 140 - character limit for each message could pose challenges for the Prime Minister , who is known to ramble .
In the US elections , the Republican ticket largely ignored the internet while President - elect Barack Obama embraced it , using it to project a young , switched - on image and for fund - raising .
Mr Obama 's official Twitter account has almost 130,000 followers , however , he has n't posted any updates since winning the election ..
Mr Rudd added four new videos to his YouTube account yesterday , including one introducing his new website and others announcing his plans to fix the ailing economy .
Mr Turnbull , on the other hand , has added only two new clips to his YouTube page in the past six months .
Mr Rudd has 24,479 friends on MySpace and 24,897 fans on Facebook , while Mr Turnbull has 292 MySpace friends and 5000 friends on Facebook .
But Mr Turnbull has at least one weapon in his armoury that Mr Rudd lacks - blogs for his pet dogs .
Stewie Griffin , the matricidal toddler who was at a time fixated on world domination and killing his mother , has softened up over the years .
While the evil genius slant has recently eroded in favor of a less likeable insecure closet homosexual persona , Stewie remains one of the most recognizable and interesting characters on Family Guy
His highly elaborate evil schemes have been the highlight of many memorable episodes .
Carefully calculated using scientific methods that only Stewie himself would understand ( they 're well beyond the comprehension of the general populace ) , here 's a highly accurate listing of Stewie 's 10 most diabolical , evil plans .
Stewie builds a mind control device and uses it on Chris so that he can be taller and more easily kill his mother .
Unfortunately , Lois is saved by the timely use of the microwave oven -- the plan backfires and the automaton Chris pursues Stewie with an axe instead .
The scheme might not have turned out the way he expected , but Stewie 's motivation was clear , and he definitely deserves some kudos for inventing a mind control device .
Download and Installation
Lancelot is now a part of KDE SC ( since 4.2 ) so it should be available to you through the standard packaging system of your distribution .
Lancelot is located in kdeplasma - addons package ( the name may vary from distribution to distribution ) .
If you want to compile the development version by yourself , continue reading .
Prerequisites
Subversion client
Python > =2.5 ( needed only at compile time )
Qt4 and latest KDE SC 4.x or trunk development libraries ( kdelibs , libplasma and kdebase / workspace libs )
cmake
Download the sources
To download the latest sources ( guarantied to compile against the development version of KDE SC ) , do the following :
$ export KDESVN=svn://anonsvn.kde.org/home/kde $ svn co -N $ KDESVN / trunk / KDE / kdeplasma-addons / $ svn up - N kdeplasma - addons / applets $ svn up kdeplasma - addons / applets / lancelot
Compilation
Enter the directory that contains the newly downloaded source code ( cd kdeplasma - addons ) .
Edit CMakeLists.txt file and comment out all add_subdirectory commands except add_subdirectory ( applets ) , then edit applets / CMakeLists.txt and do the same as above , just this time leave only add_subdirectory ( lancelot ) uncommented .
Then do the following :
$ mkdir build $ cd build $ cmake .. \ -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=`kde4-config -- prefix` \ -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release $ make
Installation
$ make install
make install
sudo
$ sudo make install
If you make crash reports ( if they occur ) on bugs .
kde.org , install the KDElibs , libplasma and Qt with debugging symbols included , and replace ‘ release ’ in above script with ‘ debugfull ’ .
If you have KDE SC 4 installed in a user - writable directory , just typeIf not , you need to log in as root user and then do the .
Alternatively , if your system has thecommand , you can type
If you have the KDE SC development environment set up according to this Techbase article , just enter the source directory and type
$ cmakekde
Almost there
It will do both the compilation and installation .
Now just restart ( log out from KDE Workspace and log back in ) Plasma and add the Lancelot applet to the panel or desktop , or wherever .
Troubleshooting
If you have problems installing or running Lancelot , visit the :
FAQ : Troubleshooting section .
A while back , why let loose with a tweet that made me sit up with a start :
I immediately knew that this was something I had to build ; moreover , I knew just how .
It was the perfect project to combine my growing Arduino knowledge with my growing git-fu .
What I did n’t know was just how hard it would be to get the requisite parts .
You ca n’t just walk into a shop and buy a mannequin hand , it turns out , let alone a harpsichord .
And while I ’ve made some progress on that front , today I ’d like to announce the results of some preliminary research : The Git Bell .
The Git Bell consists of three components :
A Dorkboard controlling a pager motor and listening on serial A Ruby script that communicates with the Dorkboard over serial A git post - commit hook that triggers the Ruby script
The idea is that whenever you commit , the bell should ring .
It works by using git ’s post - commit hook to send a serial message to the hardware which then rings the bell .
Here ’s a video showing all the pieces working together :
I ’ll go through these steps one - by - one .
Dorkboard bell ringer
After some early experiments with gear motors , I settled on the idea of using a pager motor to ring the bell .
Pager motors are much quieter in their operation and do n’t need any additional gears or other actuator hardware .
Once the pager motor is set up to dangle against the bell , turning it on produces a pleasant ring .
( One of the parts of this project I ’m most pleased with is the woodworking on the armature for holding the bell in place ; normally my wood - stuff comes out all splintered and un - plumb with poking dangerous nails , but this one came out smooth and clean . )
Pager motors take 1.5V , which is the output of a single AA battery .
I wired up the battery and the motor with a Tip - 120 transistor so that the Dorkboard could act as a switch to connect the two .
It ’s a circuit I ’ve used multiple times before and so I ’m quite comfortable with it .
Dorkboard , who ?
The Dorkboard is an Arduino clone homegrown right here in Portland by Don Delmar Davis of the local Dorkbot group .
It ’s a great board that features pretty much the smallest form factor into which you can squeeze an ATMega168 and a bootloader that provides really fast startup times after programming and new serial connections ( something that came in very handy on this project ) .
I built this one at the most recent Arduino Cult Induction session that Don ran .
( Check out my pictures from the Induction . )
Once the Dorkboard was wired up , I wrote a RAD script that listened for serial input and then sent 5 v to the output pin I ’d plugged into the Tip - 120 .
It came out looking like this :
Then , I connected to the Dorkboard ’s serial line using screen to send some messages and confirm that everything was working properly .
Once that was done , it was time to write the Ruby code .
Bell.ring
Next up , I had to write a Ruby script that would send the a serial message to the Dorkboard .
To make things all fancy - like , I wrapped the ruby - serialport functionality I needed in a nice little bit of Module syntax courtesy of Mr. Wanstrath :
The result is that if you require this file and if the bell hardware is plugged in , you can make it ring as simply as :
Bell.ring
The one gotcha in that bit of code is the five second sleep .
That ’s there because the Dorkboard , though it ’s faster than the Arduino , still takes four or five seconds to start listening again after you initiate a serial connection with it .
There ’s probably a way around this by telling it not to listen for reprogramming instructions ( which is the reason for the delay ) , but I do n’t know what it is .
Post - commit
The last thing left to do was to get git to invoke this code after every commit .
Again , Mr. Wanstrath has the post - commit hook knowledge .
All you have to do is create an executable file in .git / hooks / post - commit that does what you want .
In this case , what I wanted was super simple :
As you may have noticed earlier , Bell.ring is smart enough to catch the exception that gets thrown in the case that the hardware ’s not plugged in .
So , this will return the successful “ exit 0 ” status every time , guaranteed .
Once all the pieces were plugged in , I committed , and wham - o ring -o!
( CNN ) --
The grandmother of a 16 - year - old Arizona girl accused of prostitution -- and recruiting and pimping other teen girls -- said Wednesday she hopes to fight the charges in court .
Grandmother Linda
Tye wants to fight the charges against her granddaughter , Tatiana Tye , in court .
" I really want to take it to trial , " Linda Tye , grandmother of Tatiana Tye told CNN Radio .
" She needs to meet her accusers . "
Tatiana
Tye and a second 16 - year - old girl , Jazmine Finley , were indicted earlier this week by a grand jury , Maricopa County , Arizona , prosecutors said in a statement .
Although the girls are juveniles , prosecutors released their names and said they will be tried as adults .
Tye is charged with one count of child prostitution and three counts of pandering , or serving as a go - between or liaison for sexual purposes , prosecutors said .
Finley faces nine counts of child prostitution ; two counts of receiving earnings of a prostitute ; and one count of pandering .
All the charges are felonies , prosecutors said .
The two were arrested last week after a five - month investigation , Phoenix police told reporters .
Authorities believe Tye and Finley recruited at least five girls , ranging in age from 14 to 17 , on the campuses of their high schools , police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill said in a Monday news briefing posted on the Web site of CNN affiliate KTVK .
" We have a situation of two girls , 16 years old , who are , in essence , pimps , " Hill said .
" And they ran their own brothel . "
Do n't Miss FBI recovers 48 children in prostitution raid
Police believe the girls had rented an apartment used solely for acts of prostitution , he said .
Prosecutors , citing a police probable cause statement , said the teenagers recruited girls by telling them of " all the money they would be making .
Additionally , they were told that it was better working for them as opposed to male pimps because they would not get beat up . "
Hill said , " I think we were all surprised at , you know , were these 16 - year - old girls that were arrested , were they running this business ?
And the answer is yes , they were . "
In a jailhouse interview with KTVK , Tatiana Tye blamed Finley for introducing her to the world of prostitution , and said she was " a follower , not a leader , following whatever Jazmine does , and those were bad things . "
She denied recruiting anyone or receiving any money , although she did acknowledge she was scared at times .
" All I 'm saying is , before ( Finley ) came into my life , none of this stuff was going on , " Tatiana Tye said .
" I do n't even know much about prostitution and stuff .
I 've seen it before , because Jazmine had a pimp . "
Watch grandmother and granddaughter respond to charges »
However , she refused to answer questions about whether she had worked as a prostitute or about the apartment .
KTVK said it attempted to interview Finley , but her guardian failed to show up at the jail to give permission .
Accompanied by her grandmother , Tatiana
Tye told reporters she did n't want to talk to them initially , but " then again , I thought about , people need to know the truth .
I mean , I would never , ever call myself a pimp or a madam . "
Asked what she would say to other teens , she said , " I would just tell them , do n't hang out with people that you know are doing bad stuff , because they 'll drag you down with them . "
Linda
Tye said she had custody of her granddaughter , who moved in with her after leaving her mother 's home .
She said Tatiana Tye " admits to knowing Jazmine , hanging out and being with Jazmine .
That she admits to .
The rest , she does n't really want to talk about before she goes to trial and talks to her lawyers . "
As of Wednesday , she said , attorneys had only visited her granddaughter briefly , but longer visits are planned .
She said she is worried about Tatiana Tye 's health in jail , as she is eating only grapefruit and refuses to drink the water .
The girl 's younger sister , 13 , misses her and has n't been able to see her , she said .
She told CNN she does not understand how prosecutors can try her granddaughter as an adult .
" I want ( people ) to know that my little granddaughter , she is a loving person .
She smiles all the time ... she 's a little confused , but that 's no reason , and people should n't sit and judge people .
I just do n't like that .
You do n't know the facts , you do n't know the truth , do n't do that , " Linda Tye said .
But asked whether she had any advice for others , she said , " Pay attention to your kids .
If you 're a grandparent , pay attention to your grandchildren , because you never know what they 're up to .
This is a big mess , and that 's what it is . "
CNN Radio's Ninette Sosa and Barbara Hall contributed to this report .
All About Arizona • Teenagers
UNITED NATIONS ( CNN ) -- The U.N. Security Council late Thursday overwhelmingly approved a resolution calling for an immediate cease - fire in Gaza .
A photo provided by the Israel Defense Forces shows Israeli paratroopers in Gaza on Thursday .
more photos »
Fourteen of the council 's 15 members voted in favor of the resolution , with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice abstaining from the vote on behalf of the United States .
The resolution expresses " grave concern " about the growing humanitarian crisis and heavy civilian casualties in Gaza , as well as civilian deaths in Israel from Hamas rocket fire .
Roughly 765 Palestinians and 13 Israelis , including 10 soldiers , have been killed since Israel began its military assault on Gaza on December 27 .
The resolution " stresses the urgency of , and calls for , an immediate , durable , and fully respected cease - fire which will lead to the full withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza . "
A resolution from the council , particularly one that passes with such large support , can put international pressure on parties involved in a conflict .
But they are in no way binding , and many in the past have been ignored by warring factions .
" We are all very conscious that peace is made on the ground while resolutions are written in the U.N. , " said British Foreign Secretary David Miliband .
" Our job here is to support the efforts for peace on the ground and turn the good words on paper into changes on the ground that are so desperately needed . "
Rice applauded the resolution 's goals , but said the United States prefers to wait for results of ongoing , Egyptian - brokered talks in Cairo , Egypt , with Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
Watch U.N. secretary - general say he is heartened and relieved after vote »
She said the United States supported the text , goals and objectives of the resolution , but that the United States feels it 's important to see the terms of any cease - fire hammered out in Egypt .
The resolution welcomes efforts by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to broker a cease - fire .
It calls for opening corridors to allow humanitarian aid into Gaza -- where food , water , electricity and medicine shortages have worsened already poor conditions since Israel 's offensive in Gaza began .
Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations , Gabriela Shalev , told the Security Council that Hamas rocket attacks " left us with no choice . "
" The responsibility for the current hostilities lies squarely on Hamas , " she said .
" The international community must focus its efforts on the Hamas activity and make sure that the terrorist activity can never be legitimate . "
Watch Shalev say the responsibility lies on Hamas »
The Israeli military says its operation is aimed at halting the firing of rockets into southern Israel by Hamas , which has controlled Gaza since 2007 .
Wrangling over the resolution centered on wording .
Arab countries generally pushed for language demanding Israel cease its attacks , while Western diplomats wanted more neutral language .
" Security for the people of Gaza , too .
Not security for Israel alone , " Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa , of Egypt , said before the vote as reporters were asking diplomats about the resolution .
The 15 - member Security Council is tasked by the United Nations with establishing and maintaining peace around the globe .
It has the power to create peacekeeping operations , impose sanctions and authorize military action .
The United States , Russia , China , France and Great Britain are the five permanent members , with the other 10 elected by the U.N. assembly to two - year terms .
Any one of the permanent members can veto a resolution .
CNN 's Terence Burke and Richard Roth contributed to this report .
All About Hamas • Israel • Gaza
It ’s there if you look , coded into the swirls and whorls of the civic fingerprint that is Craigslist , a hidden narrative of lives dissolving .
No big headlines here , no billion - dollar corporations seeking bailouts .
It ’s just you and me , the little people , the laid - off people , swamped by the growing financial crisis and going broke in plain sight .
Brand new VW bug -- take over payments .
For as long as it has been around , Craigslist has been both marketplace and mirror , reflecting the public mood .
In the boom - boom land rush of the last few years , everyone , it seemed , had a home to remodel .
The online bazaar was an HGTV fantasy gone wild , with Wolf ranges and Bosch dishwashers and double - wide fire - clay farmhouse sinks to be had for a song .
There were sectional sofas , barely used , Shabby Chic bedding still in its box .
The ads were breezy , and buyers were plentiful .
You had to jump on the good stuff or it would be gone .
Grandma ’s wedding china for sale , cheap .
It ’s a different story today , quite literally .
Craigslist ads now tell the tales of lost jobs and lost security , of pinched budgets and ballooning debt .
It ’s filled with decent people who find themselves on the verge of calamity .
So they ’re looking through their houses and poking through garages , offering up for sale anything that might bring in a few spare dollars , might buy another month or maybe two .
It ’s trickle - down economics , plain and simple .
PhD in history .
Will tutor , $ 12 an hour .
For Jennifer Campana , a single mom living in Tarzana , the trouble started when she was laid off by a midsize entertainment public relations firm in July .
“ I was completely blindsided , ” Campana said .
“ At the time they cut me , I was the only one .
Within a month , the rest of the layoffs had started . ”
Campana filed for unemployment and used the checks to pay her mortgage .
Gas and groceries went on a credit card , the balance of which now tops $ 16,000 .
As the clock on her benefits ran down , she struggled to find new work .
She ’d land an interview , get dressed up , gas up the car , drive across town , pay to park and , after meeting with the hiring director , learn there was n’t a job after all .
“ They ’d tell me , ‘ There ’s a lot of talent out there , and we ’re just collecting résumés , ’ ” she said .
“ That ’s happening a lot .
They ’re not exactly honest about it , but what can you do ? ”
What Campana wound up doing was combing her house for anything she could sell to raise cash .
Small items , easily shipped , she offered on EBay .
With the U.S. dollar so weak , she found herself selling and sending her possessions to international bargain hunters .
A DVR player was quickly snapped up by someone in South Korea .
An antique candy dish found a new owner in England .
Craigslist has produced mixed results .
Her furniture , when it sells at all , goes for a fraction of its previous value .
But ads she placed for baby - sitting , for ferrying children to and from school and play dates , have brought a bit of work .
“ I have n’t done any baby - sitting since I was 15 years old , ” Campana said .
“ But this is what I ’m doing right now , selling my things , doing everything I can . ”
my 11 yr old son and i lost our apt due to being laid off my job .
we are currently tent camping at state beach and need shelter .
anyone that can help or possibly donate would be appreciated .
john
People who have worked their entire lives are finding themselves not just jobless , but without prospects .
The ads they post to Craigslist as they sell their prized possessions read like love letters .
Rob in West Covina is selling his cherried - out ’ 68 Mercury Cougar for $ 4,300 .
His Craigslist ad has so much detail -- “ 1406 four barrel carb with matching Edelbrock intake . . .
Screw in studs , roller rockers , taller valve covers ” -- it ’s equal parts sales pitch and requiem .
“ I hated to list this car , but I was laid off a couple of months ago , ” Rob wrote .
“ I am 45 , and for the first time in my life , I have had to resort to selling my tools , and now I am forced to part with my Cougar . ”
Tracee J. , meanwhile , who used to earn a good living selling cars and vans adapted for people with disabilities , faces losing her house .
Soon after she was laid off last year , she learned more about the mortgage on her condo in the Hollywood Hills .
She trusted her real estate agent , she said , and at his urging signed on for a five - year adjustable interest - only loan .
“ Stupid , ” she said .
“ I did n’t know what I was doing . ”
Then the recession hit her employer , and Tracee lost her job .
She filed for unemployment and went out on interviews .
No luck .
As benefits ran out , she launched Accomplished With Tracee J , a shot at being a professional organizer .
But business is slow , and mortgage payments are huge , so Tracee J. is selling her possessions .
Or trying to .
Her grandmother ’s china , a set of pristine Spode , is for sale , not a serious buyer in sight .
“ It was a wedding gift to my grandparents from their parents , ” she said .
“ Four generations in the same family . ”
Tracee ’s asking $ 2,500 .
She ’s been offered $ 900 .
It ’s insulting , but she understands .
“ Who ’s spending $ 2,500 for china right now ? ” she asked .
“ Who has that kind of spare cash ? ”
So far , selling her furniture -- she got $ 1,400 , about 10 % of what she thought it was worth -- has kept Tracee afloat .
This month , anyway .
“ I ’ve worked all my life , ” Tracee said .
“ I never imagined anything like this would be happening today .
I may have to sell my home . ”
And until then ?
“ I ’m just trying to be positive , thinking that I ’ve been through tough times before and landed on my feet , ” Tracee said .
“ Really , I have to think that way because , otherwise , I ’d be a wreck . ”
home@latimes.com
It 's a vicious circle : Women who pay too much attention to their performance during sex could be inhibiting sexual desire — and that lack of desire increases self - consciousness .
The idea 's not new , of course , but now it 's got scientific data to back it up .
A new study by the Stanford University School of Medicine suggests that women with hypoactive sexual desire disorder ( characterized by a continual lack of sexual interest or fantasies ) use more brainpower than sexually healthy women in monitoring their reactions and performance during sex .
Researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging to track brain response to sexual stimuli in 16 HSDD women and 20 women who do n't suffer the condition .
Participants were shown clips of erotic films , women 's sporting events , and relaxing nature scenes .
In addition to the brain scans , the women subjectively rated their levels of arousal while an instrument objectively measured vaginal response .
Their brains lit up in very different ways .
" Many of the HSDD subjects spent their time monitoring their experience , or lack thereof , " said Leah Millheiser , one of the lead researchers of the study , which was published in the journal Neuroscience .
" For example , they may have been asking themselves , ' Am I responding correctly ? ' , ' Is this how I am supposed to be feeling ? ' , ' Should I be experiencing more arousal than I currently am ? ' , instead of actually allowing themselves to integrate the information being presented to them in the erotic video . "
These women , Millheiser says , may be cheating themselves out of the ability to associate positive emotional memories with sex .
In addition , the results pointed to a disconnect between both groups ' subjective ratings and the arousal measurements taken by the vaginal instrument — results that are consistent with those found in other studies .
" Women can experience little subjective arousal , but still have a genital response , meaning vaginal engorgement and lubrication , " Millheiser said .
" The reason behind this phenomenon is not well understood .
There is a popular theory that women could have developed this response during the evolutionary process to protect the pelvic floor during forced sexual acts for procreation or childbirth . "
The study suggests a useful strategy :
" As a female sexual medicine practitioner , I encourage women to ' be in the moment , ' " Millheiser said .
" That means to focus on the pleasure they are experiencing either by themselves or with their partner .
What I discourage is for women to focus on what they ' think ' they should be experiencing .
If certain expectations are not met during a sexual situation , this may lead to a negative sexual experience . "
Top 10 Aphrodisiacs
Study : Best Sex is Short and Sweet
Sex Science News
Sally Law has written about health and sexuality for the Cleveland Clinic , and has appeared regularly as a guest host on Sirius Radio .
Her column , The Science of Sex , appears weekly on LiveScience .
Step by step can mean a lot of things such as little by little , by small degrees rising or descending at an even and moderate aptitude .
It ’s showing and explaining each stage of a process , what is happening or done in a series of stages
Focus is one of the key to achieve the goal that you want in cleaning your house .
Just keep moving and do n’t stop until your job is done .
There Are Different Types Of Cleaning
We have the deep clean which is the essential cleaning with definite attention and targets on build up .
This concentrates on the deep grime of your home .
It targets appliances that are mainly in the kitchen , under the sink , corners of the rooms that may be filled with cobwebs and the bathroom .
Next is the regular or spring clean that includes all the room dusting and cleaning on a daily basis .
It could include but not limited to mopping floors , cleaning parts of the rooms , tidying up and wiping surfaces such as shelves and cupboards .
The Different Materials Needed When Doing The Step By Step Process
Dust spray
Microfiber cloth
Bathroom cleaner
Toilet cleaner
Paper towls
Toilet brush
Vacuum
Glass cleaner
Sponge
Dish soap
Hardwood floor cleaner
Step By Step Guidelines
Get In The Mood
Play music .
Set a goal and reward yourself once accomplished .
Accomplish one small task a day .
Pick Up Clutter
Everything scattered should be gathered and returned to its rightful area .
Get rid of things you do not need anymore .
You could donate them to charity or do a garage sale which will give you extra income to hire a professional service .
Dust and Vacuum
Always go from left to right and top to bottom .
This technique will reduce the risk for allergens and boos the quality of air circulating in the house .
Know the pile height adjustment to use on your vacuum and how to use different pool filter valve settings .
The Floors
All the rooms in the house should be swept firs before moping .
Just exclude the kitchen .
The farthest corner from the entrance of the room should be where you start mopping .
Kitchen
The kitchen is where we prepare food .
It should at all times be cleaned after cooking to avoid bacteria on our food which could cause different sickness .
Wipe the top of the stove and the inside of the microwave should be cleaned .
The insides of the sink should always be cleaned and spotless .
Bathrooms
The bathroom contains our washroom , toilet and sink .
It is where we shower or bath to clean ourselves and go to the toilet .
Maintaining and cleaning it daily is mandatory because a grimy , ancient and not well manage bathroom and toilets can be dangerous to our health .
Bedroooms
Seeing things scattered everywhere can be a sore to the eye and make our heads hurt .
It also causes stress .
Our bedroom is our place to rest whenever we want to relax and renew our energy .
It would be impossible to do so when it is untidy .
A clean bedroom can get us enough rest by making us feel safe and relaxed .
This can make us happy the next day and start the day right .
Windows
Our windows provide light and fresh ventilation .
Clean windows can add to our home ’s energy regulation .
It keeps cold air out during winter and warm air out on summer .
Do n’t clean windows on sunny days because the heat will make the glass dry quickly which could cause smears .
Notes
Do n’t forget the top to bottom strategy so dirt and dust falls on the floor which you can clean later on .
All carpets and floors should be vacuumed in one session .
There are tools that we could use to make our job easier and faster .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 12 , 2009
It was an act of unmitigated terrorism .
On March 5 , 2009 , KBDI , a public television station in Denver , Colorado , ran Aaron Russo ’s America : Freedom to Fascism during a fund raising drive .
KBDI had notorious terrorist Gary Franchi of the Lone Lantern Society on to pitch for donations and talk about Russo and his landmark film .
Gary Franchi of the Lone Lantern Society on KBDI in Denver pitching Endgame and Freedom to Fascism .
The late Aaron Russo and Franchi are considered terrorists by the the Missouri Information Analysis Center .
As reported on the Infowars website yesterday , a MIAC document sent to Alex Jones entitled “ The Modern Militia Movement ” designates Russo ’s film as popular media with crazed militia members who consider local police the enemy .
Franchi is not mentioned in the MIAC report but he is obviously a fellow traveler and enemy of America , or at least America envisioned by the authorities in Missouri and their benefactors at the Department of Homeland Security .
In addition to Russo ’s film , KBDI offered Alex Jones ’ Endgame to folks making a donation to the station .
Franchi said Endgame , Freedom to Fascism , The Money Masters , and other films offered by the station during its pledge are essential viewing .
“ These films are so important , ” said Franchi , “ this message is so important [ because ] our Republic is in peril right now … and it is these films , this message that needs to get to the American people . ”
KBDI even allowed Gary Franchi to criticize the Federal Reserve .
Is it possible Colorado ’s MIAC counterpart — just about every state in the union has such organizations — now considers public television a venue for terrorists , followers of Christian Identity , white nationalism , and all manner of treasonous tax resisters , dangerous constitutionalists and other miscreants ?
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
THE parents of a girl who died suddenly two months ago have been sent a letter from her school demanding she improves her attendance .
Signed by the deputy headmaster , the letter threatened to ban Megan Gillan from the end of year prom .
Her parents Mark and Margaret said they were `floored ' by the letter from Macclesfield High .
Megan , 15 , was found dead in her bedroom on January 19 at the family home at Flying Fields Drive , in the town .
The letter - dated March 16 - said `students must have at least 92 per cent attendance and Megan 's is currently 60.4 pc ' .
Mrs Gillan , who works in A&E at Macclesfield Hospital , said : " I screamed when I first saw it .
If they want her to attend that much I 'll take Megan 's remains .
It 's disgusting .
Megan does n't go to that school anymore .
She 's been dead for two months now so it 's not surprising her attendance is low .
I was pulling myself together to go back to work , but receiving the letter has just floored me .
“ Megan would have loved going to the prom .
She planned to go with a group of friends , she was really looking forward to it . ”
The letter carried the signature of deputy head G White .
Headteacher Ged Ward has now apologised for the ‘ software error ’ .
Mr Ward said : “ Clearly that letter should not have gone out .
I want to make my apology to Megan ’s parents and can only apologise for the distress that it has caused .
“ The letter was sent out to all year 11 parents regarding the school prom .
“ We did n’t think to check it .
With hindsight we would have checked all 150 of them .
The problem is a software problem . ”
But the family say they could never forgive the mistake .
Mr Gillan , 53 , a civic attendant for Macclesfield Borough council , found Megan in her bedroom .
He said : “ To send a letter to her family when you are trying to come to terms with her death is just not right . ”
Mr Ward said the school uses the software SIMS ( School Information Management Systems ) which is produced by Capita .
He said : “ Unknown to the school , Megan ’s details had remained in a different part of the computer system and were called up when the school did a mail merge letter to the parents of all Year 11 students .
The letter called up details of each student ’s attendance for the whole year to date and because Megan had been on roll in September , she was included .
“ Capita has acknowledged to the school that there is a problem with this part of its software and is working to remedy it , because they realise that it could affect other schools .
“ Capita has asked the school to convey their apologies to Mr and Mrs Gillan . ”
Phil Neal , managing director of Capita Children ’s Services , said : “ What has happened is absolutely tragic and our thoughts are with Megan ’s family .
Capita Children ’s Services supply a software system known as SIMS to Macclesfield High School .
" Among many other tasks , the software keeps track of pupils ’ attendance at the school and the school is able to produce letters to parents based on this information .
“ When a child is no longer attending a school , for whatever reason , the software will allow the school to continue to produce letters to their parents as occasionally it is necessary to do so .
" It appears that this is what has happened in this case which everyone involved deeply regrets . ”
The cause of Megan ’s death is still not known and an inquest is expected in the next few months .
Megan , the youngest of four sisters , would have turned 16 next month .
Following her death , Megan ’s parents spoke of their shock at losing their ‘ beautiful and bright ’ daughter .
She was thought to have been having problems at school .
Friends set up a special site , ‘ R.i.p Megan Gillan x1993-2009 x ’ on social networking site bebo – which has been visited more than 3,000 times .
At the time of her death , headteacher Mr Ward led tributes to Megan .
He said : “ Megan was a popular , bright girl , with a promising future ahead of her .
“ She will be missed by everyone .
Our thoughts and sympathies go out to her parents and family . ”
The Pirate Bay has just released their manifesto in English .
The book , titled ' POwr , Broccoli and Kopimi ' is filled with 100 inspiring principles for everyone who aims to live the Kopimi lifestyle .
“ The Internet is right , ” is the ultimate wisdom .
Many people have seen the small ‘ Kopimi ’ logo at the bottom of The Pirate Bay front page , but no one really knows what it means exactly – including the people who put the logo up there .
In an attempt to explain what Kopimi is , the Pirate Bay crew have released a manifesto .
“ Though seeded in prehistory , Kopimi is rooted in the future , and holds together a constantly vibrating avalanche of knowledge that forms the foundation for a discussion indifferent to the rippling changes of time and space , ” reads the prelude of the manifesto .
TorrentFreak talked to Marcin de Kaminski of the Kopimi Project – which expands way beyond TPB – to get some background information on the manifesto .
“ We are a close group of people , formed as a cluster – or a swarm if you prefer – which has been doing web related projects since the early 2000 , ” he told us .
“ Many people have tried to describe what kind of people we are and why we are doing all the things we do .
No one has come even close .
We thought it was time for an official biography of some sort , and to try to show people that we have done lots of things besides our filesharing projects , ” Marcin explained .
The manifesto can be seen as a guide on how to live life as a true Kopimist , summarized in a list of 100 principles or guidelines .
The Kopimi team came up with the idea this Sunday afternoon .
Yesterday – only two days later – the Swedish version was published followed by the English translation a day later .
Some of our personal favorites here at TorrentFreak :
012 .
Do n’t think outside the box .
Build a box .
057 .
At a trial , deny everything .
069 .
Take care of small animals .
100 . Stop using IRL .
Use AFK instead .
The .torrent for the manifesto is available on The Pirate Bay .
Of course everyone is encouraged to ‘ share , translate , remix , bend , modify , copy , trash , bash , move , publish , burn , hide , remake ’ – in true Kopimi style .
Subject : Viridian Note 00422 : The Spime Key concepts : Spimes , Gizmos , Products , Machines , Artifacts , SIGGRAPH Attention Conservation Notice : the Pope - Emperor trouts out his latest hobbyhorse for the delectation of the end - using masses .
Links : Barcoded fish .
http://www.yomiuri.co.jp/newse/20040816wo11.htm
Pentagon RFID .
http://www.rfidjournal.com/article/articleview/607/1/1/
" When Blobjects Rule the Earth " by Bruce Sterling SIGGRAPH , Los Angeles , August 2004
The last speech at an awards ceremony can't be too short .
I'm Bruce Sterling , I 'm a science fiction writer .
I write novels .
This is the first time I 've ever been to SIGGRAPH .
I always wanted to go .
My closet is full of old SIGGRAPH demo tapes .
They 're on VHS .
I like to haul them out and play them for people at house parties .
These are romantic icons of a lost world , these antique SIGGRAPH demo reels .
I love them for their precious , irreproducible qualities .
These tapes are slices in space and time that can not be recaptured .
It is literally impossible to do computer graphics that badly any more .
No more cheesy teapots , no more amazingly bad digital hair and fur treatments , no no , it 's all about the " Stanford Bunny " now , Triceratops , Chinese dragons .... when once upon a time a chess pawn was a big volumetric deal !
You might think , now that Hollywood slums around your gig , and even novelists show up , and Pixar drags Disney around by its big financial nose , that there were no new worlds to conquer for SIGGRAPH .
But there 's one world that you direly need to conquer anyway .
Even if hobbits win Oscars by the bushel full .
Having conquered the world made of bits , you need to reform the world made of atoms .
Not the simulated image on the screen , but corporeal , physical reality .
Not meshes and splines , but big hefty skull - crackingly solid things that you can pick up and throw .
That 's the world that needs conquering .
Because that world can't manage on its own .
It is not sustainable , it has no future , and it needs one .
It is going to get one from you .
Now let me briefly tell you how I think this process will play out .
Listen to this : ProE , FormZ , Catia , Rhino , Solidworks .
Wifi , bluetooth , WiMax .
Radio frequency ID chips .
Global and local positioning systems .
Digital inventory systems .
Cradle - to - cradle production methods .
Design for disassembly .
Social software , customer relations management .
Open source manufacturing .
These jigsaw pieces are snapping together .
They create a picture , the picture of a new and different kind of physicality .
It 's a new relationship between humans and objects .
If you can bear with me a while today , and kind of oil and loosen the joints of your incredulity , I 'm gonna suspend some disbelief for you here .
You see , the future is already here , it 's just not well distributed yet .
The future does feature some brand - new stuff that was technically impossible before , but , more importantly , the future has a different take on matters that are already here .
There 's a change of emphasis .
The future is like another culture , another country .
We have to come to terms with the future 's language .
So what 's a Blobject ?
And why might they rule the Earth ?
Since I write about design quite a lot , sometimes people think I made up that word , " blobject " .
If you Google it , my name pops right up , but I did n't coin the term .
A famous industrial designer named Karim Rashid made it up , and he wrote about it in a book aptly called " I Want to Change the World . "
A good book , very educational , you should buy it and read it .
I did .
Karim 's not kidding .
A Blobject is commonly defined as " an object with a curvilinear , flowing design , such as the Apple iMac computer and the Volkswagen Beetle . "
But computers and cars are just end products , they 're not the process .
The truth about a blobject is that is a physical object that has suffered a remake through computer graphics .
It was designed on a screen with a graphics program .
A blobject is what a standard 20th century industrial product , a consumer item , looks like after your crowd has beaten it into shape with a mouse .
Blobjects are blob - shaped objects , because of NURBS and meshes and splines and injection molding and CAD - CAM .
They 're highly curvilinear consumer items designed on workstations , and then they 're generally blasted into being in a burst of injection - molded goo .
Blobjects are the period objects of our time .
They are the physical products that the digital revolution brought to the consumer shelf .
Blobjects were impossible until the early 1990s .
Then they got cheap .
Nowadays they 're commodities .
Our contemporary world is absolutely littered with these things , these blobjects .
Blobjects are so entirely common now that they are passe ' and showing their age .
I 'm wearing three blobjects right now , and I 've got two more stuffed in my pockets .
Not that you need to notice .
You can offshore a blobject in distant Taiwan for a seven percent return on investment .
Blobjects have become the cheap and easy way to make stuff .
Blobjects are as common as dirt .
But they have n't started ruling the Earth yet .
Because they 're still too primitive .
They 're not sustainable , so they 're merely optimizing the previous system .
They are a varnish on barbarism .
So now you know what a blobject is , if you did n't already .
Now I 'm going to lean way back at the podium , and really wave my big visionary futurist hands here , and invoke the full grandeur of my vision : Blobjects , Ruling the Earth .
Not just littering it : ruling it .
This is an imperial paradigm , a grandiose myth , a historical thesis , a weltanschauung and a grand schemata .
So this will require me to get kind of cosmic on you here .
But this is California .
The Governor here is a cyborg .
You remember that movie where Schwarzenegger was a cyborg robot , with big shotguns , and he beat up a blobject ?
That big , formless , digital , silvery , supervillain guy ?
Somebody in your enterprise made a lot of money from faking up that big silvery guy and putting him on a movie screen .
That was some SIGGRAPH - style industry dude hard at work there , making that silvery blobject guy in TERMINATOR 3 .
And now that actor , Arnold , he is signing the state budget of California .
The things I 'm about to tell you , they may sound mindblowing , but they 're a lot more plausible than California politics .
In my grand vision , there 's a history of the relationship of objects and human beings .
It goes like this .
Up to the present day , during previous history , we humans have had , and made , four different classes of possible objects .
These classes of objects are called , in order of their historical appearance , Artifacts , Machines , Products , and Gizmos .
The lines between Artifacts , Machines , Products and Gizmos are n't mechanical .
They 're historical .
The differences between them are found in the material cultures they make possible .
The kind of society they produce , and the kind of human being that is necessary to make them and use them .
Artifacts are made and used by hunter - gatherers and subsistence farmers .
Machines are made and used by customers , in an industrial society .
Products are made and used by consumers , in a military - industrial complex .
While Gizmos are made and used by end -users , in whatever today is – a " New World Disorder , " a " Terrorism - Entertainment Complex , " our own brief interregnum .
Blobjects tend to be a subset of the class of Gizmos .
Not all blobjects are Gizmos , but most gizmos have insane amounts of functionality in them , and they are designed on computers .
If you 're the kind of guy or gal who attends SIGGRAPH , then you are best described as an end - user of Gizmos .
You 're not here just to shop , to buy stuff in styrofoam blocks .
You come here to participate in your industry .
Your parents were consumers , back in the 1960s .
But you are here to add value and advance the state of the art , so you are some kind of participant .
Not a consumer .
An end -user .
An end -user is the historically evolved version of a consumer .
A Gizmo is not manufacturable by any centrally planned society .
A Gizmo is something like a Product , but instead of behaving predictably and sensibly for a mass market of obedient consumers , a Gizmo is an open - ended tech development project .
In a Gizmo , development has been deputized to end -users .
End -Users , who are people like practically everybody in this audience , do a great deal of unpaid pro bono work in developing Gizmos .
The true signs of a Gizmo are that it has a short lifespan and more functionality crammed into it than you will ever use or understand .
A Gizmo is like a Product that has swallowed a big chunk of the previous society , and contains that within the help center and the instruction manual .
A Gizmo , unlike a Machine or a Product , is not efficient .
A Gizmo has bizarre , baroque , and even crazy amounts of functionality .
This Treo that I 'm carrying here , this is a classic Gizmo : it 's a cellphone , a web browser , an SMS platform , an MMS platform , a really bad camera , and an abysmal typewriter , plus a notepad , a sketchpad , a calendar , a diary , a clock , a music player , and an education system with its own onboard tutorial that nobody ever reads .
Plus I can plug extra , even more complicated stuff into it , if I take a notion .
It 's not a Machine or a Product , because it 's not a stand - alone device .
It is a platform , a playground for other developers .
It 's a dessert topping , and it 's a floor wax .
Now , I could redesign this Gizmo to make it into a simple Product .
But then this Gizmo would become a commodity .
There would be little profit in that ; in an end - user society like ours , Products come in bubblepak or shrinkwrap in big heaps , like pencils .
There is no money in them .
So there are good reasons why a Gizmo is almost impossible to use .
It 's because a Gizmo is delicately poised between commodity and chaos .
It is trying to cram as much impossible complexity as it can , into an almost usable state .
It is leaning forward into the future .
This is what our society does for a living now .
This is what you do here at SIGGRAPH .
You use Gizmos to eat complexity , and you try to sell it at a premium .
A Gizmo Society of End Users is always pressed up hard against the limits of the usable .
That 's why rendering time always takes almost too long , no matter how much RAM or ROM you 've got .
This is not an oversight , this is an inherent part of our contemporary civilization .
A Gizmo is the classic form of our society 's material culture at this point in time .
That 's how it is , and we need to accept that .
This is the apotheosis , the crystallization , of what we are up to right now .
But that is not the end of the story .
Because the next stage is coming on fast .
The next stage is an object that does not exist yet .
It needs a noun , so that we can think about it .
We can call it a " Spime , " which is a neologism for an imaginary object that is still speculative .
A Spime also has a kind of person who makes it and uses it , and that kind of person is somebody called a " Wrangler . "
At the moment , you are end - using Gizmos .
My thesis here , my prophesy to you , is that , pretty soon , you will be wrangling Spimes .
The most important thing to know about Spimes is that they are precisely located in space and time .
They have histories .
They are recorded , tracked , inventoried , and always associated with a story .
Spimes have identities , they are protagonists of a documented process .
They are searchable , like Google .
You can think of Spimes as being auto - Googling objects .
So what would it be like to encounter a spime in your future real life ?
How if you know if you stumbled over one in the street ?
Scott Klinker , a teacher at the Cranbrook design school , envisions it as something like this :
Scenario :
You buy a Spime with a credit card .
Your account info is embedded in the transaction , including a special email address set up for your Spimes .
After the purchase , a link is sent to you with customer support , relevant product data , history of ownership , geographies , manufacturing origins , ingredients , recipes for customization , and bluebook value .
The spime is able to update its data in your database ( via radio - frequency ID ) , to inform you of required service calls , with appropriate links to service centers .
This removes guesswork and streamlines recycling .
Today , most consumers know little or nothing about their possessions .
They might know the brand , because brand awareness has been forced on them for years , at great expense , by massive product advertising .
A Spime , by contrast , is an object that can link to and swiftly reveal most everything about itself .
It might as well do this , since Google is perfectly capable of telling you everything anyway .
Managing that becomes a competitive advantage for spime makers .
A true Spime is going to get ahead of the curve by bringing you inside the tent of the designers and developers and engineers , and the sales and marketing people .
A true Spime creates spime wranglers .
Wranglers are the class of people willing to hassle with Spimes .
And it is a hassle .
An enormous hassle .
But it is a fruitful hassle .
It is the work of progress .
Handled correctly , it can undo the harm of the past and enhance what is to come .
The people who make Spimes want you to do as much of the work for them as possible .
They can data - mine your uses of the spime , and use that to improve their Spime and gain market share .
This would have been called " customer relations management , " in an earlier era , but in a Spime world , it 's more intimate .
It 's collaborative , and better understood as something like open - source manufacturing .
It 's all about excellence .
Passion .
Integrity .
Cross - disciplinary action .
And volunteerism .
When you shop for Amazon , you 're already adding value to everything you look at on an Amazon screen .
You do n't get paid for it , but your shopping is unpaid work for them .
Imagine this blown to huge proportions and attached to all your physical possessions .
Whenever you use a spime , you 're rubbing up against everybody else who has that same kind of spime .
A spime is a users group first , and a physical object second .
I know that this sounds insanely complex , because it is .
The reason this is necessary is a simple one .
The reason is the passage of time .
Entropy requires no maintenance .
Artifacts , Machines , Products , Gizmos , they all die .
The material objects that we human beings use and make , they wear out , get consumed , and get thrown away .
Unfortunately , this process is reaching limits and is doing us serious harm .
We 're getting permeated by trash .
We are filling the atmosphere , and the seas , and the surface of the planet , and our own bodies , with our industrial emissions and our dead junk .
In a world with 6.3 billion people , trending toward 10 billion , there is no " Away " left in which we can throw our dead objects .
Our material culture is not sustainable .
Its resources are not renewable .
We cannot turn our entire planet 's crust into obsolete objects .
We need to locate valuable objects that are dead , and fold them back into the product stream .
In order to do this , we need to know where they are , and what happened to them .
We need to document the life cycles of objects .
We need to know where to take them when they are defunct .
In practice , this is going to mean tagging and historicizing everything .
Once we tag many things , we will find that there is no good place to stop tagging .
In the future , an object 's life begins on a graphics screen .
It is born digital .
Its design specs accompany it throughout its life .
It is inseparable from that original digital blueprint , which rules the material world .
This object is going to tell you – if you ask – everything that an expert would tell you about it .
Because it WANTS you to become an expert .
If you become an expert in wrangling that object , then , just like the gurus of SIGGRAPH , you will contribute to the advancement of the industry .
The object will evolve faster , the industry will evolve faster .
It 's like a SIGGRAPH that never ends .
So – as long as you could keep your eyes open – you would be able to swiftly understand : where it was , when you got it , how much it cost , who made it , what it was made of , where those resources came from , what a better model looked like , what a cheaper model looked like , who to thank for making it , who to complain to about its inadequacies , what previous kinds of Spime used to look like , why this Spime is better than earlier ones , what people think the Spime of Tomorrow might look like , what you could do to help that happen , the history of the Spime 's ownership , what it had been used for , where and when it was used , what other people who own this kind of Spime think about it , how other people more or less like you have altered or fancied - up or modified their Spime , what most people use Spimes for , the entire range of unorthodox uses of Spimes by the world 's most extreme Spime geek fandom , and how much your Spime is worth on an auction site .
And especially – absolutely critically – where to get rid of it safely .
That is the reality that already underlies all manufactured objects .
An event like SIGGRAPH will tell you those things already , only in slow motion .
A Spime is today 's entire industrial process , made explicit .
That is the whole shebang , explicitly tied to the object itself .
A Spime is an object that ate and internalized the previous industrial order .
Some of this information might be contained inside the Spime , and some of it might be conjured up on the Web by , say , a barcode or an RFID chip – but in practice , you would n't notice the difference .
The upshot is that the object 's nature has become transparent .
It is an opened object .
In a world with this kind of object , you care little about the object per se ; that physical object is just a material billboard for tomorrow 's vast , digital , interactive , postindustrial support system .
This is where people like you , your evolved successors , rule the earth .
This is a world where the Web has ceased to be a varnish on barbarism , and where the world is now varnish all the way down .
By making the whole business transparent , a host of social ills and dazzling possibilities are exposed to the public gaze .
Everyone who owns a spime becomes , not a mute purchaser , but a stakeholder .
And the closer you get to it , the more attention it sucks from you .
You do n't just use it , any more than I can pick up this Treo and just make a simple phone call .
This device wants to haul me into the operating system ; I 'm supposed to tell all my friends about it .
We 're all supposed to become its darlings and its cultists , we 're all supposed to help out .
Sometimes we do that willingly , sometimes we just fight for breath .
We 're not customers .
We 're not consumers .
And with spimes , we 're not even end - users .
We spend our time wrangling with the real problems and opportunities of material culture .
We 're wranglers .
We 're wrangling spimes for a living .
More than that , it 's a reason to be .
It 's like networking .
Networking is another word for not - working .
But boy , we sure have to do a lot of it .
This is not a vision of utopia .
This is a historical thesis .
Like all previous history it is fraught with titanic struggle .
We are facing a future world infested with digital programmability .
A world where our structures and possessions include , as a matter of course , locaters , timers , identities , histories , origins , and destinations : sensing , logic , actuation , and displays .
Loops within loops .
Cycles within cycles .
Are there dark sides to this vision ?
Oh yes indeed .
Genuine menaces .
You can see them right now in a website like stoprfid.org , a site I recommend highly .
Spiming is an ideal technology for concentration camps , authoritarian regimes , and prisons .
We 'll have to wrangle with : spime spam , pushiness , abuse of customers , intrusion
spying and eavesdropping capabilities
brooms that bellow ads , mops that demand money
subtle software faults that make even a simple shovel unusable
unstable software
security flaws , hacking , theft , fraud , malware , vandalism and pranking
identity theft
Industrial hazards : spime kitchens that fry the unwary , spime cars that follow outdated software maps and drive right off broken bridges
technological lock - in , wicked monopolists , corrupt regimes in on the take * Intellectual property hassles
Organized spime crime
unpredictable and emergent forms of networked behavior from clouds of objects
bad interface design
underclasses of illegals not allowed to use spimes
legal , ethical and social responsibilities for semi-autonomous objects
objects that used to be inert , and are now expensive , fussy , fragile unpredictable , too fluid , hopelessly complex , and subversive of established values
And just plain ugliness : tacky , goofy , tasteless , cheesy , lethal , vulgar , dirty , worthless , obscene , impractical , and dangerous spimes .
And that list is by no means complete .
That is a lot of work .
That is more than enough work for ten billion people .
Spimes are coming anyway , because every one of those menaces is also some kind of opportunity .
Spimes will change everything , because everything needs to change .
Things need to change quickly and radically , because the industrial system we have today cannot persist .
It cannot find enough energy and raw materials .
Instead of moving forward , our civilization is surrounding the oil wells with fixed bayonets and settling into a smog - shrouded Dark Age .
The shape of things today is condemning our world to steadily increasing poverty , degradation , and turmoil .
Four planets could n't supply the material and energy to let the world live the so - called advanced world lives now .
We 're pretty advanced , but we 're nowhere near advanced enough .
This may sound a bit alarmist and theoretical , so let me phrase it to you in a way that holds your own feet to the fire .
Steve Jobs is a pioneer of personal computing and the head of Pixar .
Apple is the biggest vendor here .
It 's hard to get any more SIGGRAPH than Steve Jobs .
Steve Jobs has neuroendocrinal pancreatic cancer .
That 's because , like everybody else in the world , like you and like me , Steve Jobs is carrying a load of carcinogens in his flesh .
Silicon Valley , as an industrial clean - up site , is rather well known for its mutagens .
The disturbing substances that are in the body of this captain of your industry , they should not be in there .
They are wasted resources , they are systemic inefficiencies , they are externalities .
We need ways to keep these substances organized and contained , and , eventually , designed out of the production system entirely .
Steve is sick for physical reasons , for metabolic reasons .
We may not know the exact chain of cause and effect , but there is one ; he 's not sick because some dark angel blew on his dice wrong .
He has effluent , byproducts of industry , inside his body .
It 's painful .
But we need to understand that our bloodstreams are our dumping grounds .
So are our lungs and our livers .
If we could visualize that , if we knew and could prove what had gone wrong inside of ourselves , if we could put a digital medical imaging screen on our bellies , our lungs and our livers , and make those invisible problems visible , then everything would become different .
If that knowledge was attached to every object in our possession , the objects that were killing us would vanish quickly .
That would n't be easy to do .
But in the year 2004 it is no longer unimaginable .
It could be done .
It 's possible to live in a cleaner way .
We live in debris and detritus because of our ignorance .
That ignorance is no longer technically necessary .
Those who know , know .
Instead , our problem is becoming obscurantism , which is a deliberate hiding of the facts by vested interests who know they are injuring us .
Such acts of evil must be combated .
Sunlight is the best disinfectant .
Wanting to know , wanting to do it , that 's half the struggle right there .
Our capacities are tremendous .
Eventually , it is within our technical ability to create factories that clean the air as they work , cars that give off drinkable water , industry that creates parks instead of dumps , or even monitoring systems that allow nature to thrive in our cities , neighborhoods , lawns and homes .
An industry that is not just " sustainable , " but enhances the world .
The natural world should be better for our efforts and our ingenuity .
It 's not too much to ask .
You and I will never live to see a future world with those advanced characteristics .
The people who will be living in it will pretty much take it for granted , anyway .
But that is a worthy vision for today 's technologists : because that is wise governance for a digitally conquered world .
That is is not tyranny .
That is legitimacy .
Without vision , the people perish .
So we need our shimmering , prizes , goals to motivate ourselves , but the life is never in the prize .
The living part , the fun part , is all in the wrangling .
Those dark cliffs looming ahead – that is the height of your achievement .
We need to leap into another way of life .
The technical impetus is here .
We are changing , but to what end ?
The question we must face is : what do we want ?
We should want to abandon that which has no future .
We should blow right through mere sustainability .
We should desire a world of enhancement .
That is what should come next .
We should want to expand the options of those who will follow us .
We do n't need more dead clutter to entomb in landfills .
We need more options .
It needs to happen .
It must happen .
It is going to happen .
That 's all I have to tell you today .
Let 's go see the state of the art !
O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O
STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS
O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O O=c=O
The Ugandan anti-gay seminar now is coming into sharper focus .
In this disturbing article from UGPulse , Scott Lively , invited by Family Life Network to speak at a church - based conference on homosexuality , spoke to a government conference and called for the forced therapy of homosexuals .
Here is the article in full :
The Minister of Ethics and Integrity , Dr. James Nsaba Buturo has today told a conference organized to discuss the ways to fight Homosexuality that he will soon submit a bill on pornography and homosexuality for discussion in Parliament .
The conference that took place at Parliament was organized by Defend the Family International , an organization in the United States of America that was formed to fight homosexuality .
Buturo says the he will present the bill against pornography first before presenting that against homosexuality though he declines to mention exactly when these bills will be presented to Parliament .
He says pornography is partly a cause of homosexuality since it negatively affects the morals of the victims of pornography and makes them easily susceptible to the vice of homosexuality .
He says the provision in the penal code on homosexuality is too small to cover all concerns in homosexuality .
Buturo says the government will not only end at making laws against homosexuality but will also engage in sensitizing schools and churches in the fight against this vice .
The President of Defend the Family International , Scott Lively says it is good for the government of Uganda to criminalize homosexuality but the government should subject the criminals of homosexuality to a therapy rather than imprisoning them .
Lively says this is aimed at the criminals recovering from homosexuality which is the main objective of those fighting homosexuality and not to punish homosexuals through imprisonment .
He says even schools should borrow this idea of therapy in dealing with gay students .
Exodus International and the International Healing Foundation must now come out clearly and make a statement condemning this proposal .
This is a chilling development and one which must be addressed .
The presence of these ex-gay organizations in this environment most likely sends a message to the Ugandan people and government that such forced “ therapy ” is plausible and humane .
Cell phones and other modern forms of communication exist .
If I were Alan Chambers and Richard Cohen , I would be on the phone yesterday to insist that their representatives make public statements distancing themselves from Mr. Lively ’s views .
And they should come home early .
Why should you make your own horse fly repellent for humans ?
When it comes to horses keeping , there are some trials that you have to face .
One of them is a horse fly .
They are a nuisance for both livestock and humans .
The bit of these buzzing , biting , annoying flies are very painful .
Although there are many different types of commercial horse fly spray available out there , you should made your ...
A mural in Derry , Northern Ireland commemorates solidarity between Palestinians and Irish nationalists .
( Ali Abunimah )
US
US
Had its recommendations been followed — cessation of all violence and a full freeze of Israeli settlement construction on occupied Palestinian land — the peace process might have made progress .
Mitchell , who is already in the Middle East , helped broker the 1998 Belfast Agreement , the key to ending decades of strife in Northern Ireland .
Because of historical similarities , that peace agreement is an important precedent for Palestinians and Israeli Jews .
Before 1948 , European Jewish settlers , newly - arrived in Palestine , wanted their own state once British colonial rulers withdrew .
But because Jews were a minority , the only way to achieve this was a partition that the majority Arab Palestinian population , fearing dispossession , bitterly opposed .
When Israel was established in 1948 , most Palestinians were forced from their homeland , and those remaining became second - class citizens in a “ Jewish state . ”
The modern conflict in Ireland began when Great Britain , facing resistance from Irish nationalists , decided to withdraw after centuries of rule .
But the Protestant ruling class — a quarter of the population — descended from English and Scottish settlers , insisted that Ireland remain tied to Britain .
These unionists refused to live in a state with a nationalist Catholic majority .
To appease the unionist minority , which threatened violent rebellion if it did not get its way , Britain partitioned Ireland in 1921 , creating Northern Ireland , an entity whose legitimacy nationalists refused to recognize .
As Israeli Jews did to Palestinians , Protestants institutionalized their own culture and religion as the official creed and violently suppressed expressions of nationalist identity .
In the words of its first prime minister , Northern Ireland ’s seat of government at Belfast ’s Stormont Castle was a “ Protestant parliament for a Protestant people . ”
Catholics faced systematic discrimination in jobs and housing .
Nationalists launched a civil rights movement in the 1960s inspired by the one in the US .
Protestant unionists violently resisted demands to share power and reform , but the numerical growth and assertiveness of the nationalist Catholic population within Northern Ireland made such intransigence untenable .
In 1972 , Britain sent in troops and imposed direct rule .
During 30 years of “ The Troubles , ” 3,700 people died at the hands of the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) , Protestant militias , British forces and others .
The Mitchell - led Belfast Agreement ended formal Protestant hegemony in favor of equality , mitigating partition ’s injustices .
It promised that government power “ shall be exercised with rigorous impartiality on behalf of all the people ” and guaranteed “ just and equal treatment for the identity , ethos , and aspirations of both communities . ”
Decades of bloody conflict left deep social divisions .
But a framework for nondiscriminatory democratic governance has allowed nationalists and unionists within Northern Ireland to begin to shed their siege mentalities .
While formal partition of Ireland remains , it is disappearing on the ground as anyone can live , work and move freely , and official cross - border bodies are integrating the infrastructure and economies of the two jurisdictions on the island of Ireland .
The power - sharing executive in Belfast , led by staunchly nationalist Sinn Fein ( closely affiliated with the IRA ) and the hardline Democratic Unionist Party , was once as inconceivable as a government made up of members of Hamas and Israeli politicians would be today .
US diplomacy played a key role by putting pressure on the stronger parties — the British government and Protestant unionists — in favor of the weaker nationalist side .
Instead of shunning Sinn Fein the US , prodded by the Irish American lobby , insisted it be brought into the process .
By 2010 , Palestinians will outnumber Israeli Jews in Israel , the West Bank and Gaza Strip combined .
The two groups can no more be totally separated than Protestant unionists and Catholic nationalists in Ireland .
Like Irish nationalists , Palestinians will never recognize the “ right ” of another group to discriminate against them .
Like Protestant unionists did , Israeli Jews insist on their own state .
Israel ’s “ solution ” is to cage Palestinians into ghettos — like Gaza — and periodically bomb them into submission just so Israeli Jews , their relative numbers dwindling , can artificially maintain a Jewish state .
If Mitchell is allowed to apply Northern Ireland ’s lessons , then there may be a way out .
But he goes to Jerusalem with few of the advantages he brought to Belfast .
The Obama administration remains committed for now to the failed partition formula of “ a Jewish state ” and a “ Palestinian state ” and maintains the Bush administration ’s misguided boycott of Hamas , which overwhelmingly won Palestinian elections in 2006 .
And the Israel lobby — much more powerful than its Irish American counterpart — warps US policy to favor the stronger side , an intransigent Israel committing war crimes .
If these policies do n’t change , Mitchell ’s efforts will be wasted and escalating violence will fill the political vacuum .
Editor ’s note : this article was originally published with the second sentence of the second paragraph inadvertently omitted .
The current version is the article as it was intended to be published .
Co-founder of The Electronic Intifada , Ali Abunimah is author of One Country : A Bold Proposal to End the Israeli - Palestinian Impasse An abridged version of this article first appeared in The Detroit Free Press .
In case you have been feeling out of options when it comes to watching Internet TV and finding video podcasts , the Participatory Culture Foundation ( PCF ) on Monday released a major new version of Miro , its open source Internet TV and podcast player .
Miro 2.0 brings integration with streaming sites like Hulu and Archive.org , a windowed video player , and much - improved performance .
The first noticeable change upon running the new version is some appreciated new UI polish .
Miro 's sidebar has been tightened up and now features separate sections for sites ( we 'll get to those in a minute ) , subscribed feeds , audio feeds , and playlists .
The toolbar has been rearranged to place controls on the left and give more space to the timeline for scrubbing , and videos can now be played in an external window to allow for browsing and organizing while watching an episode .
Miro 's guide has also been updated and redesigned for this release , now featuring over 6,000 free video podcasts ( " many " in HD ) and a slicker experience when browsing and searching for shows .
The rest of Miro 2.0's changes focus primarily on content and performance , though a number of drawbacks still remain .
One of Miro 's most significant new features is pseudo - support for a variety of Web - based content destinations like Hulu , YouTube , Archive.org , and Legaltorrents.com ( note , however , that Flash streaming only works in Mac OS X and Windows ) .
Hulu support is interesting in that the site can be added to Miro 's new " Sites " sidebar section , and Hulu shows appear among others when searching Miro 's directory , so they can also be linked via the sidebar for quick access .
Unfortunately , embedded shows at sites like Hulu and YouTube cannot be played in Miro 's new video player window .
For Archive.org , Legaltorrents.com , and other sites that offer direct downloads , Miro can now capture those links and download the content directly into your library .
This should save some clunky back and forth operations when downloading content .
A new File > Download
Item command can download files from YouTube and similar sites that permit downloading , though as a frustrating UI handicap , you will have to grab the URL from an external browser in order to download a video .
You cannot , for example , search for a YouTube file in Miro and download it from the page you visit .
Miro 2.0 also brings much better performance and faster torrent downloads , thanks to an upgrade to the latest version of libtorrent .
While we admittedly have not been heavy users of Miro in the past , this new version indeed feels a lot snappier all around .
The UI is faster and more responsive , and download speeds do feel improved over our past experience .
All of these features are welcome upgrades for this cross-platform , open source video and audio player , though Miro still suffers from a few important drawbacks .
There is still no support for synchronizing with portable devices like an iPod , though Dean Jansen , PCF 's outreach director , told Ars Technica that these features are coming " hopefully soon . "
Miro also does n't play very well with the living room yet , either .
While some third - party software , such as SofaControl for Mac OS X , can control Miro with an external remote , Miro itself offers no such support out of the box .
Some kind of " smart " playlist integration , in addition to basic playlists , also would not hurt .
Complaints aside , Miro 2.0 is a major step for the software not only as a video playing alternative to incumbents like iTunes and Windows Media Player , but also as a directory that now catalogs streaming video sites in addition to video podcasts .
The U.S. House of Representatives has voted to delay a transition to all - digital television broadcasts until June 12 , in an effort to prevent millions of residents from losing their TV signals .
The House on Wednesday voted 264-158 to approve legislation , already passed by the Senate , that would extend the Feb. 17 deadline for U.S. television stations to switch from analog to all - digital broadcasts .
The vote was largely along party lines , with Democrats supporting the measure and Republicans voting against it .
The conversion is needed after Congress , in late 2005 , passed legislation requiring U.S. TV stations to move to all - digital broadcasts and abandon analog spectrum between channels 52 and 69 .
Much of the cleared spectrum , in the 700MHz band , was sold in auctions that ended in March 2007 , and many spectrum experts say the spectrum is optimal for wireless broadband services .
Many U.S. residents are n't ready for the transition , Democrats argued .
Nielsen , the TV survey company , said in mid-January that 6.5 million homes , nearly 6 percent of homes in the U.S. , did n't have the converter boxes necessary to receive digital broadcasts .
Older TV sets that receive broadcasts over the air would need converter boxes ; customers of cable and satellite TV service do not .
" It 's clear to me that the only way to avoid a massive disruption ... is to delay the transition , " Representative Rich Boucher , a Virginia Democrat , said .
The legislation now moves to U.S. President Barack Obama for his signature .
Obama called for a delay in the digital TV ( DTV ) transition in early January , after the U.S. National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) said its TV Converter Box Coupon Program , with a US $ 1.3 billion budget from Congress , was out of money .
The NTIA program provided $ 40 coupons for U.S. residents to purchase the converter boxes , and as of early this week , there were 3.7 million households on the waiting list , Boucher said on the House floor .
But Representative Joe Barton of Texas and other Republicans said the delay could cost TV stations millions of dollars to maintain both analog and digital equipment .
In addition , public safety agencies including police and fire departments need some of the 700MHz spectrum to better communicate with each other .
During the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the U.S. , some emergency responders could n't communicate with each other because they were using different devices on different areas of the spectrum .
Emergency responders " desperately need that spectrum , " said Representative Cliff Stearns , a Florida Republican .
Even after a delay , it 's unlikely that all U.S. residents will be ready for a transition , Republicans said .
It 's difficult to get more than 95 percent of people to do anything , said Representative Lee Terry , a Nebraska Republican .
But several major public safety groups have endorsed a delay in the transition , as have AT&T and Verizon , two large winners during the spectrum auction , Boucher said .
Public safety agencies use TV to communicate with their communities , and those organizations are more concerned about constituents losing TV signals than a short delay , he added .
The bill also allows broadcasters to switch to digital broadcasts before June 12 , Boucher said .
The House rejected an effort by Barton to require TV stations broadcasting in spectrum designated for public safety to give it up as scheduled this month .
Sacked Sony
France workers this morning freed the chief executive they had been holding hostage , on the condition that he was escorted directly to talks with trade unionists .
Angry at their severance packages , the workers had taken Serge Foucher captive yesterday at the videotape plant in Pontonx - sur - l ' Adour , in the Landes region of south - west France .
He had travelled to the factory for a final courtesy visit to more than 300 sacked workers before the plant closes next month .
But dozens of staff took him hostage and barricaded the entry to the site with tree trunks .
Patrick Hachaguer , a representative from the communist - leaning CGT union confirmed that Foucher had spent the night shut in a meeting room .
" He wo n't listen to us , we did n't find any other solution , " the union delegate told Agence France - Presse news agency earlier today .
At 10 am , unionists escorted Foucher and his director of human resources from the factory and travelled with them in a mini-bus to negotiations to be held in the presence of local authorities in the nearby town of Dax .
" I 'm happy to be free and to see the light of day again , " Foucher said before climbing into the minibus .
Earlier this morning , around 80 workers were gathered on picket - line and guard duty at the factory .
They protested that their payoffs were less than other Sony workers had received in France .
Taking a boss hostage is becoming an increasingly common protest gesture in France .
Last year , the English boss of a car - parts factory in eastern France was held for 48 hours in his office , sleeping on a massage table and being provided with blankets and sandwiches .
He said he felt like " a prisoner in Alcatraz " .
In another incident last year , police stormed an ice - cream factory in Saint - Dizier to free a manager who had been held hostage by workers angry over job cuts .
At least 14 staff were injured trying to stop police releasing him .
The mood of French factory workers seeking justice and revenge has spawned France 's cult film of the year , Louise - Michel , a gothic comedy in which a group of women laid off from their factory in northern France hire a hit man to kill their boss .
100 % ( 1 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 1 vote ) 765 views 4 pages
Decline In Face - to - Face Contact Linked to Biological Changes in Humans As Social Networking Increases
Uploaded by Christian Perry
Description : A reduction in direct social connections is associated with a growing number of specific physiological alterations and significant health risks , according to a paper published in Biologist , … Full description
This past Saturday night , suspect Erik Salvador Ayala fired shots into a random crowd in Portland , Oregon .
After killing two and injuring seven , Ayala shot himself in the head .
The gaming connection ?
Advertisement
Ayala is described as being " quiet " and those who knew him say this shooting comes as a complete surprise .
This shooting is the worst shooting in Portland 's history .
Police have released new details about the 24 year - old Ayala .
He was unemployed and apparently depressed , leaving what appears to be a suicide note for his roommate .
In it , he says that he can be found " somewhere downtown , " but he " was n't sure " where .
Ayala also included all his personal information ( SSN , back account number , alien number , etc . )
He also left his PS3 to his roommate :
You know my ps3 is special .
Similar USED ps3's go for AT LEAST $ 450 - $ 500 .
Our landlord guy wants a ps3 like mine .
Let him know that $ 400 would be a GOOD deal .
If he does n't want it , format the drive by going to Settings > System > Format Utility .
You can say it " comes with the latest firmware software " to help market it on the internet .
In case you do n't know , it 's the special " 100 % backwards compatible " ( 60 GB ) ps3 .
Advertisement
Telling that , in this makeshift will , Ayala puts the greatest importance on how his roommate should deal with the bequeathed PS3 .
As an aside , the Oregon press also points out that he enjoyed playing Resistance and Left 4 Dead .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Police do not know how Ayala acquired the 9 mm used in the shooting , which took place in front of a popular Portland night club , nor do police know if he selected this night club for a particular reason .
Eight of the nine victims were teenagers , and many of them were foreign exchange students .
The suspect was taken to the hospital after turning the gun on himself and was listed in critical condition .
Suspect in downtown Portland shooting spree left behind note [ KATU Thanks , Gojirah ! ]
CHICAGO / WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama is not planning to implement a windfall profit tax on oil companies because prices have dropped below $ 80 a barrel , an aide said on Tuesday .
“ President - elect Obama announced the policy during the campaign because oil prices were above $ 80 per barrel , ” an aide on Obama ’s transition team said .
“ They are currently below that now and expected to stay below that . ”
Oil prices have fallen from a record $ 147 a barrel in July to under $ 50 this week .
Obama , who signaled early in his campaign for the White House that he would take an active approach to oil markets as president , had planned to use the revenue from a windfall profits tax to fund a tax rebate for low - and middle - income families struggling with high energy prices .
But the aide said Obama ’s presidential campaign had already taken the price drop into account six weeks ago .
When Obama laid out his economic plan for the middle class in mid-October , revenue from a windfall profit tax was not included because of the price change , he said .
Oil companies steadfastly opposed a tax , saying it would stifle exploration and innovation .
The switch drew applause from industry .
“ The judgment to withdraw the concept of a windfall profits tax is an important recognition that developing America ’s oil and natural gas would be seriously damaged by such a tax policy , ” said Lee Fuller , vice president of government relations for the Independent Petroleum Association of America , which represents independent oil and gas producers .
“ A windfall profits tax is bad policy at any price , ” said Thomas Pyle , president of the Institute for Energy Research , calling the move “ a heartening development -- both for consumers and an economy struggling to claw its way out of recession . ”
Many energy experts warned that imposing a windfall profits tax would discourage energy companies from drilling for oil in the United States , which would exacerbate U.S. reliance on foreign suppliers .
But environmentalists support a tax and want oil companies to invest more in renewable fuels .
Obama has made revamping U.S. energy policy a key priority of his upcoming presidency , promising to increase production of renewable energy sources and start a carbon trading system to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
He said recently that the fall in gasoline prices was not an excuse to put off tackling U.S. dependence on foreign oil .
Oil Tycoon T. Boone Pickens , who met with Obama during the campaign to discuss energy policy , said he was against a windfall profits tax but did not believe the decision not to implement one would affect domestic oil production .
“ The windfall profits tax wo n’t have anything to do with killing any oil projects , ” Pickens told reporters in Washington .
Wash away your gray ?
Maybe .
A team of European scientists have finally solved a mystery that has perplexed humans throughout the ages : why we turn gray .
Despite the notion that gray hair is a sign of wisdom , these researchers show that wisdom has nothing to do with it .
Going gray is caused by a massive build up of hydrogen peroxide due to wear and tear of our hair follicles .
The peroxide winds up blocking the normal synthesis of melanin , our hair 's natural pigment .
" Not only blondes change their hair color with hydrogen peroxide , " said Gerald Weissmann , MD , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" All of our hair cells make a tiny bit of hydrogen peroxide , but as we get older , this little bit becomes a lot .
We bleach our hair pigment from within , and our hair turns gray and then white .
This research , however , is an important first step to get at the root of the problem , so to speak . "
The researchers made this discovery by examining cell cultures of human hair follicles .
They found that the build up of hydrogen peroxide was caused by a reduction of an enzyme that breaks up hydrogen peroxide into water and oxygen ( catalase ) .
They also discovered that hair follicles could not repair the damage caused by the hydrogen peroxide because of low levels of enzymes that normally serve this function ( MSR A and B ) .
Further complicating matters , the high levels of hydrogen peroxide and low levels of MSR A and B , disrupt the formation of an enzyme ( tyrosinase ) that leads to the production of melanin in hair follicles .
Melanin is the pigment responsible for hair color , skin color , and eye color .
The researchers speculate that a similar breakdown in the skin could be the root cause of vitiligo .
" As any blue - haired lady will attest , sometimes hair dyes do n't quite work as anticipated , " Weissmann added .
" This study is a prime example of how basic research in biology can benefit us in ways never imagined . "
As part of the FreeBSD team , I often get asked the same question : “ How can I get started as a FreeBSD contributor ? ”
There are usually two reasons why a new contributor feels overwhelmed by the idea of getting started .
One of them is that he or she feels that it is difficult to find out exactly how to start contributing to a free software project .
The second reason is usually a feeling of impotency , the notion that “ I am such a newbie , how could I ever make a difference in such a large project ? ”
Both of these concerns can be addressed quite easily .
This post is my attempt at recording what I have learned by being a part of the FreeBSD team for almost a decade now , so let me start by the most serious one of these two obstacles to becoming a FreeBSD contributor : the feeling of being too small to make a difference .
You Can Make a Difference !
The best response I can think to the idea that a new contributor is too small to do something important for FreeBSD is a short story by one of the Argentinian authors I love .
A story by Jorge Bucay :
The Story of the Chained Elephant When I was a small boy , I loved going to the circus .
Animal acts were my favorite .
I was quite impressed by the elephant , who is — as I found out later — the favorite animal of all children .
The elephant ’s part of the show was a display of his huge weight , his immense size and power …
Then , as the show was approaching its end , slightly before the elephant had to return to his tent , he was standing tied to a tiny wooden stake driven partially into the ground .
A chain was wrapped around his feet .
The size of the stake was very small , and the part of it that was driven into the ground was even smaller .
The chain that was wrapped around the legs of the elephant was quite large , but it seemed quite obvious , even to my childish mind , that an animal whose power was so large , so immense that it could rip trees off the ground and hurl them to others , was more than enough to let the elephant just rise and walk away .
That was the mystery of the elephant .
What sort of immense force could keep the elephant tied to that tiny stake ?
Why did n’t he rise and walk away ?
When I was five or six years old , I put great trust in the wisdom of the elder people .
So I asked my teacher , my father , and my uncle about the mystery of the elephant .
I do n’t remember anymore who gave me the particular answer , but one of the replies was that the elephant does n’t run away because he is “ tame ” .
Then I asked the obvious question : “ If he ’s tame , why do they have to chain him ? ” I do n’t think I ever got a satisfactory answer to this question .
As time went by , I forgot all about the mystery of the huge elephant and the tiny stake .
The mystery would only resurface when I was at the company of others who had wondered about the same thing .
Then , a few years ago , I discovered that someone knew why the elephant does n’t run away .
The elephant does n’t run away because they have been tying him to a similar stake ever since he was very very small too .
I closed my eyes , and I tried to imagine the small , newborn elephant , chained to the ground .
The small elephant would push , pull and struggle with all his strength , trying to free himself , but he would fail .
Despite all his efforts , he would fail again and again , because that stake and chain was too big for his strength .
The elephant would sleep exhausted from all his efforts to free himself , and would wake up the next day .
All his struggles would fail the next day too , and a third day , and a fourth , and many tiresome , exhausting days after those .
Then one day would come — a horrible day for the history of our elephant — a day that he would just give up , and accept his fate , deciding that he was too weak to escape , that his strength was not enough and would never be enough .
The huge and immensely powerful elephant that we see in the circus does not run away because the poor animal believes that he cannot do that .
The memory of the lack of strength he felt a little after his birth is now deeply engraved to his very soul and spirit .
The worst of it all is that he has never tried to free himself since .
He never ever tried to test his powers again .
The story of the circus elephant is often why new people do not try to contribute to FreeBSD .
They have this strange idea that they are , for some odd reason , “ not good enough ” ; that they cannot really stand side to side with the giants who have built this enormous , immensely huge system ; that their feeble attempts to improve their favorite OS will be met with scorn , or contemptuous laughter by the super smart alien beings that are behind such a complex beast of a system .
This is , fortunately , not true .
FreeBSD has been developed by humans , by people like me and , most importantly , you , the new contributor who is passionate about his favorite OS .
We are not superhuman entities from outer space , but we like what we are doing , and we try to develop , improve and extend the operating environment that we all love .
We have all tried to do many things about FreeBSD and with FreeBSD .
Some of them have worked , and a small percentage of what has worked later became a part of the official FreeBSD system .
But there have also been thousands of times that we failed .
Utterly and unrecoverably failed .
We went down the wrong path for a long time .
We tried things that were risky , amusing but also very very easy to break ; to do funny , or silly things , or even to just explode in our face .
If you are a new FreeBSD contributor then try to avoid getting stuck in that tiny stake and chain that keeps the circus elephant from being free .
We have all failed in out attempts to do something that improves FreeBSD .
We have failed not once , not twice , but many times over and over again .
But we keep trying our strength , and in the end we do find our place in the team that makes FreeBSD the wonderful system that it is today and the amazing system that it will be tomorrow :)
Finding Out How to Get Started
So you decided that you do want to help , but there ’s a tiny obstacle that has to be overcome first .
You do n’t know where to get started and learn more about FreeBSD , how it works , how it is developed , and how you can contribute to make it a better system .
First of all , congratulations for wanting to contribute to FreeBSD !
We always need more hands to work on the open bugs , to answer questions of new users , to write documentation , to test new drivers , to debug and fix old drivers , and so on .
There are many things you can do to help FreeBSD .
You can start with easy tasks , and move to more difficult ones as you pick up the details of how everything works .
My suggestion would be to start by reading the latest version of the “ Contributing to FreeBSD ” article .
You can find it online at :
If you are interested in helping us with the FreeBSD Ports Collection , one of the major selling points of FreeBSD , there is a separate article that may give you some ideas to get started : “ Contributing to the
FreeBSD Collection “ .
This one is available at :
The “ FreeBSD Development Projects ” page is a third option you have .
This is a a list of interesting , active and / or useful things we could do to extend , improve and adapt FreeBSD to do new or just more cool things .
The list of projects is visible online at :
Some of the most interesting projects are listed separately in that page , under the “ Project Ideas ” section :
All these pages are public information , accessible to anyone who wants to know about ways to help FreeBSD .
So you are most welcome to have a look at these pages , and look for something that seems interesting for you .
When you do find something interesting , you will probably have a few questions about how to work on the idea , where to grab the sources of FreeBSD , where to submit patches , how to do that , and so on .
Our large collection of mailing lists is going to be helpful at this point .
Visit the mailing list information page at :
Look for a mailing list that matches the work you are doing , and then either post directly to the list , or subscribe to it .
One of the lists that is probably going to be useful for general questions about FreeBSD ( questions like “ where do I get the source of the ls( 1 ) utility ? ” ) is the freebsd - questions mailing list :
If you ca n’t locate the correct list for something you are working on , if you have questions that do n’t seem to fit neatly into the topics of another list , or even if you just want to ask something quick about FreeBSD but you do n’t have the time to seek the right mailing list to do that , the freebsd - questions list should be your fallback choice .
How Big Is It ?
Bernanke announced repurchases of $ 1.2T of various forms of debt with U.S. cash last week , financed by the printing of money .
The move was noted in the press in passing , as a side note underneath the AIG executive bonus scandal .
The world 's relative silence on the huge infusion of cash is riveting .
The lack of news on the buyback represents a remarkable success by the Fed : after announcing a massive quantitative dilution of U.S. dollars , the dollar has lost barely more than a couple pennies of value .
How can a couple points of devaluation be considered a success ?
Because the trillion - dollar repurchase is an experimental economic shock - and - awe , a daring and unprecedented maneuver that carries the risk of sparking a fundamental crisis in confidence .
How big is it ?
Consider : at 1.2 trillion dollars , the Fed move last Thursday was 60 % larger than the Recovery and Reinvestment Act that took Congress months of debate and wrangling to assemble - and the Fed acted without a single whisper of legislative debate .
The Fed move is something that could not have been done through a trade move - at 1.2 trillion dollars , the infusion of cash is about equal to the total sum of all U.S. exports of goods , and 50 % larger than our massive trade deficit .
The Fed move to print dollars counters China 's history of slurping up U.S. dollar cash to keep its RMB low - the 1.2 trillion dollar infusion equals about 63 % of total Chinese foreign reserves , counterbalancing approximately three years of foreign reserve accumulation by the Chinese .
Will we be buying our treasuries back directly from the Chinese ?
The U.S. GDP is about $ 14 trillion , so if each of the new dollars get spent once this year , they will contribute to 8 % of GDP .
This huge amount would be more than large enough to counterbalance the 6 % GDP shrinkage that is currently being measured by economists .
The U.S. Money supply - M2 - is about 8 trillion dollars .
So in one move , Bernanke has expanded the money supply by 15 % .
This week Bernanke has done a bit of monetary ballet , showing us how to issue 15 % more paper while attracting little more than a below - the - fold eyeblink in the news .
Posted by David at March 22 , 2009 09:40 AM
LOS ANGELES 
The imminent full - bore return to 3 - D filmmaking , upon which the movie industry is placing many of its hopes , is in danger of becoming Hollywood ’s latest flub .
Some of the mightiest forces in film  Jeffrey Katzenberg , James Cameron , John Lasseter  think the multiplex masses will soon demand that all movies be shown in newly available digital 3 - D. Mr. Katzenberg , in particular , has pushed the format , trotting the globe to herald the technology as a transformative moment for cinema akin to the introduction of sound .
His bandwagon has plenty of passengers , at least in Hollywood .
The Walt Disney Company alone has 15 three - dimensional movies in its pipeline .
Twentieth Century Fox is betting an estimated $ 200 million on “ Avatar , ” a 3 - D space adventure directed by Mr. Cameron and set for December release , his first nondocumentary film since 1997 ’s “ Titanic , ” still the biggest moneymaker in movie history , without counting inflation .
All told , the movie factory has over 30 3 - D pictures on the way .
But analysts are starting to warn that all of that product could find itself sitting on a loading dock with no place to go .
Studios , thrilled by 3 - D ’s dual promises of higher profits and artistic advancement , have aggressively embraced the technology without waiting for movie theaters to get on board .
And without those expensive upgrades to projection equipment at the multiplex , mass market 3 - D releases are not tenable .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
My mission at Get Rich Slowly is to help readers achieve personal and financial freedom .
I want to help you master your money and your life .
Generally speaking , we focus almost exclusively on the financial side of the things .
This week , I 'm going to shift gears and share some of the things I 've learned about overcoming fear , finding happiness , and achieving personal freedom .
( Do n't worry .
We 'll get back to the hard - core financial talk very soon . )
In December 's discussion of wealth habits , I talked about what T. Harv Eker calls “ financial blueprints ” .
Actually , I talk about them all of the time .
Understanding your money blueprint is a vital part of changing your relationship with money .
Our blueprints are created through lifelong exposure to money messages received from people around us , especially our family and friends , and from our country ’s culture and mass media .
Eker says the unfortunate truth is that most of us have faulty blueprints that prevent us from building wealth .
“ When the subconscious mind must choose between deeply rooted emotions and logic , emotions will almost always win , ” writes Eker .
He says that most of us are motivated by fear , especially when it comes to money .
We do n’t call it fear , though .
We say we ’re motivated by security .
Eker notes — correctly — that fear and security are essentially two sides of the same coin .
The tough truth is that money does n’t dissolve fear .
Eker writes :
Fear is not just a problem , it ’s a habit .
Therefore , making more money will only change the kind of fear we have .
When we were broke , we were most likely afraid we ’d never make it or never have enough .
Once we make it , however , our fear usually changes to “ What if I lose what I ’ve made ? ”
Like Eker , I 've found that fear motivates a lot of people .
Instead of making decisions based on goals and desired outcomes , most folks make fear - based decisions .
As a result , they get less out of life than they 'd hoped , less out of life then they might if they knew how to overcome their fears .
( For more about this , see last week 's article about scarcity mindset versus abundance mindset . )
I 'm not judging .
I 've been there .
For years , I let fear rule my life .
But over the past decade , I 've learned how to quell many of my fears .
Better still , I 've learned how to act in spite of my fear .
As a result , my life ( financial and otherwise ) has drastically improved .
Today , I want to teach you how to destroy fear and build confidence .
To begin , let 's talk about death .
Note : Long - time readers have seen some of this material in other forms .
This is my attempt to gather all of it into one place .
The Regrets of the Dying
Australian singer - songwriter Bronnie
Ware worked in palliative care for many years , spending time with men and women near death .
As she worked with her patients , she listened to them describe their fear , anger , and remorse .
She noticed recurring themes .
In 2009 , Ware wrote about her experience in a blog post that went viral .
She turned that article into a book called The Top Five Regrets of the Dying .
When people die , she says , they often express one or more of the following sentiments :
“ I wish I had n’t worked so hard . ”
People ( especially men ) often find themselves trapped on what economists call the hedonic treadmill .
They work to achieve material wealth and status , which should bring happiness but does n’t .
Instead , they want more .
So , they work harder to achieve even greater wealth and status , which should bring happiness but does n’t .
And so on , in an endless cycle .
People trapped on the hedonic treadmill are never happy because their reality never meets their ever - increasing expectations .
“ I wish I ’d had the courage to express my feelings . ”
In order to keep the peace and avoid rejection , we sometimes bottle our emotions inside .
But refusing to be open and honest leads to a life of quiet desperation .
Sure , the barista at the coffeehouse might laugh if you ask her to dinner ; but it ’s also possible that dinner could lead to the love of a lifetime .
On your deathbed , you ’ll regret the things you did n’t say and do far more than the things you ’ve done .
“ I wish I ’d stayed in touch with my friends . ”
In Aging Well , George Vaillant summarizes more than fifty years of Harvard research into adult development .
“ Successful aging [ is ] best achieved in relationship , ” he writes .
“ It is not the bad things that happen to use that doom us ; it is the good people who happen to us at any age that facilitate enjoyable old age . ”
In The Blue Zones , his book about populations of people that live longer than most , Dan Buettner writes that two secrets to a long and healthy life are making family a priority and finding the right “ tribe ” .
At the end of their lives , people who failed to foster friendships regret it .
( Here 's my summary of The Blue Zones . )
“ I wish I ’d let myself be happier . ”
Happiness is a choice .
Your well - being does n’t depend on the approval or opinion of others .
Happiness comes from one place and one place only : You .
This idea , which is well - documented in happiness research , is the key to personal and financial success .
( On Thursday , we 'll explore this notion at great length . )
“ I wish I ’d had the courage to live a life true to myself , and not the life others expected of me . ”
Ware says this regret is most common of all .
“ When people realize that their life is almost over and look back clearly on it , ” she writes , “ it is easy to see how many dreams have gone unfulfilled . ”
We spend too much time doing the things that others expect of us .
( Or the things we think are expected of us . )
But living for the approval of others is a trap .
We can never hope to please everyone .
In fact , it ’s nearly impossible to please anyone – other than yourself .
These regrets share a common theme .
In each case , the dying lament having spent too much time seeking outside approval instead of focusing on their own feelings , values , and relationships .
This is true regardless of wealth and social status .
Ware is n't a nurse and she ’s not a scientist – her observations are based on experience , not empirical data – but from my reading over the past decade , her conclusions match the research into happiness and human development .
Money ca n’t buy happiness – at least not directly .
Money is a powerful tool , it ’s true .
Abused , it brings sorrow and suffering .
Used wisely , it opens doors , delivers dreams , and fosters joy .
Although wealth is no guarantee of well - being , the more money you have , the easier it is to flourish .
But here 's the truth :
You do n’t want to be rich – you want to be happy .
On your deathbed , you want to have lived a life without regret .
To do that , you need to face and defeat your fears .
You need to find joy in day - to - day activities , and use that happiness as a platform to procure passion and purpose .
You need to forge freedom , both personal and financial .
The Source of Fear
Our lives are filled with fear .
Some of our fears are physical .
We ’re afraid of spiders , snakes , and dogs .
We ’re afraid of heights , crowds , and enclosed spaces .
We ’re scared to jump out of airplanes ( or even to fly in them ) , to go swimming , or to touch a drop of blood .
We ’re afraid we might be mugged .
Some of our fears are psychological .
We ’re afraid of failure , darkness , and being alone .
We ’re afraid of the future .
We ’re afraid of death .
We ’re frightened of being judged by others , and scared to ask someone for a date .
Some fears are rational .
I , for instance , am scared of bears .
This is a healthy , rational fear .
Bears will eat you .
When you ignore your fear of bears , you can up like Timothy Treadwell , the man profiled in the film Grizzly Man .
( Sorry if that ’s a spoiler for anyone . )
If you ’re walking alone at night and a thug demands your money while holding a gun to your head , you ’ll feel afraid and rightly so .
This is a natural , rational fear .
These healthy fears have a biological basis , and are the product of millions of years of evolution .
A fear of snakes ( or bears ) has helped the human race to survive .
A fear of heights keeps you from spending too much time in places where you might fall to your death .
But sometimes rational fears can become irrational or excessive .
It ’s one thing to be nervous while walking on the edge of a crumbling cliff high above a river ; it ’s another to suffer a panic attack on the seventeenth floor of a well - constructed , glass - enclosed office building .
( Or to worry about a bear attack in Paris ! )
Still other fears are mostly ( or completely ) irrational , yet they ’re very common .
An estimated 75 % of all people experience some degree of anxiety when speaking in public .
I ’m one of them .
I ’m aware of no biological basis to be afraid of giving a speech in front of 500 strangers , yet doing so makes most of us sweat and stammer .
Healthy , rational fears keep you alert and alive .
Irrational fears and anxieties prevent you from enjoying everything life has to offer .
If It Bleeds , It Leads
If our lives are filled with fear , that may be due in part to the prevalence of internet , television , and radio .
Our fears are fueled by the modern mass media , which makes money highlighting extreme and unusual events .
Here , for instance , is the front page from the 18 January 2014 on - line edition of USA Today :
Human trafficking !
Attacks on Americans !
Identity thieves !
Remains of dead boy !
Elsewhere on the front page , there are stories about extreme weather , a new truck that burst into flames , the background of a high - school gunman , a gay teacher forced to resign , and so on .
And this is a normal , uneventful day .
If you pay attention to the news , you might think terrorist attacks are common , bicycles unsafe , and that it 's dangerous to let children play unattended in the yard .
Yet statistically , terrorist attacks are exceedingly rare , riding a bike increases your life expectancy , and your children are safer outdoors than you were when you roamed the streets twenty or thirty years ago .
The events in the news are newsworthy only because they 're the exception , not the rule .
They 're statistical outliers .
Yet because we 're fed these stories daily , we think these things happen all of the time .
As a result , we 're afraid to live normal lives .
I have a friend who 's reluctant to leave her home .
Because she 's been assaulted in the past — an unfortunate event , but a statistically unlikely one — she lives in fear of being assaulted in the future .
It 's true that by appearing in public , my friend runs the risk of being assaulted again .
It 's far more likely , however , that doing things outside the house would bring her pleasure and fulfillment .
To some degree , each of us is like my friend — but not as extreme .
We are all filled with fears , and these fears hold us back .
To live a richer , more fulfilling life — a life without regret — you must first overcome your fears .
You can start by exposing yourself to new experiences , by interacting with your environment and allowing it to change you .
It all begins with the power of “ yes ” .
The Power of Yes
For a long time , I was afraid to try new things , to meet new people , to do anything that might lead to failure .
These fears confined me to a narrow comfort zone .
I spent most of my time at home , reading books or playing videogames .
When opportunities came to try new things , I usually ignored them .
I made excuses .
I was n’t happy , but I was complacent .
I was safe .
Then I read a book called Impro by Keith Johnstone .
It changed my life .
( Fun trivia :
Here 's where I learned about the book . )
Impro is a book about stage - acting , about improvisational theater , the kind of stuff you used to see on the TV show Whose Line Is It Anyway ?
I ’m not an actor , nor do I want to become one , but several of the techniques described in the book were applicable to my everyday life .
In one section , for example , the author explains that in order for a scene to flow , an actor has to take whatever situation arises and work with it .
She needs to accept and build upon the actions of her fellow actors .
Once you learn to accept offers , then accidents can no longer interrupt the action . [ … ]
This attitude makes for something really amazing in the theater .
The actor who will accept anything that happens seems supernatural ; it ’s the most marvelous thing about improvisation : you are suddenly in contact with people who are unbounded , whose imagination seems to function without limit .
I thought about this passage for days .
“ What if I did this in real life ? ” I wondered .
“ What if I accepted offers and stopped blocking them ? ” I began to note the things I blocked and accepted .
To my surprise , I blocked things constantly – I made excuses to not do things because I was afraid of what might happen if I accepted .
When online acquaintances asked to meet for lunch .
I ’d refuse .
I was scared they might think I was fat or stupid .
( Or that they might be an axe murderer ! )
When a local television station asked me to appear on their morning show as a financial expert , I was afraid of looking like a fool , so I refused .
When a friend wanted me to join him to watch live music at a local pub , I declined .
I ’d never been in a bar ( yes , I ’d led a sheltered life ) and was nervous about what might happen .
When another friend asked me to bike with him from Portland to the Oregon Coast , I said no .
It was a long way .
It seemed difficult and dangerous .
These are only a handful of examples .
In reality , I blocked things every day .
I refused to try new foods .
I did n’t like to go new places .
And I did n’t want to try new things .
Or , more precisely , I wanted to do all of this , but was afraid to try .
My default response was to find reasons something could n't be done instead of ways to make them happen .
Because I focused more on possible negative outcomes than potential rewards , I avoided taking even tiny risks .
After reading Impro , I made a resolution .
Instead of saying “ no ” to the things that scared me , I ’d say “ yes ” instead .
Whenever somebody asked me to do something , I agreed ( as long as it was n’t illegal and did n’t violate my personal code of conduct ) .
I put this new philosophy into practice in lots of ways , both big and small .
When people asked me to lunch , I said yes .
When people contacted me to make media appearances or do public speaking gigs , I said yes .
When friends asked me to go see their favorite bands or to spend the evening chatting at a bar , I said yes .
As a result of my campaign to “ just say yes ” , I ’ve met hundreds of interesting people and done lots of amazing things .
I ’ve eaten guinea pig in Perú and grubs in Zimbabwe .
I ’ve climbed mountains in Bolivia and snorkeled in Ecuador .
I ’ve learned to love both coffee and beer , two beverages I thought I hated .
I ’ve learned to ride a motorcycle .
I ’ve shot a gun .
I ’ve gone skydiving and bungie - jumping .
I published a book .
I sold my website ( and bought it back again ! ) .
I wrote a monthly column in a major magazine .
These things might seem minor to natural extroverts , but I ’m not a natural extrovert .
I ’m an introvert .
These were big steps for me .
These experiences were new and scary , and I would n’t have had them if I had n’t forced myself to say yes .
In recent years , I 've come to look at saying “ yes ” like playing the lottery .
Every time I do something new , there 's a chance I 'll win big .
Let me explain .
The Lottery of Life
My work nowadays involves meeting and chatting with folks from all walks of life .
They email me to say , “ Want to have lunch ? ” and I say , “ Of course ! ”
We talk about podcasts or travel or bicycling or comic books .
Whatever strikes our fancy .
When we 've finished our tea or Thai noodles , nothing seems to have happened — not on the outside , anyhow .
What 's happened , though , is that we 've both received lottery tickets .
By meeting and chatting and sharing ideas , we 've been given tickets in the lottery of life .
I also get a ticket whenever I try something new .
( Because I now try new things all of the time , I 'm accumulating a lot of lottery tickets . )
I get tickets when I say “ yes ” to things that are scary or difficult too .
When I spoke at World Domination Summit in 2012 — something that scared the hell out of me ! — I got a lottery ticket .
When I flew to Ecuador to talk with people about Financial Independence , I got a lottery ticket .
When I introduce myself to strangers or “ important people ” , I get a lottery ticket .
But note that these tickets are rarely handed to me .
To get them , I have to take risks .
I have to move outside my comfort zone .
As much as I enjoy sitting on the couch in the evening watching Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with Kim , neither one of us receives a lottery ticket for doing so .
To get tickets , we have to do things .
The prizes in life 's lottery are many and varied .
When I learned Spanish , for instance , I received a winning lottery ticket that has paid off in all sorts of ways .
I made new friends ( my tutor , my English student ) , traveled to new places ( Perú , Bolivia , Argentina , Chile , Ecuador ) , read new authors , tried new food , watched new movies , and so much more .
When I was in Quito a couple of years ago , I rode the teleférico , the cable - car that carries visitors 4000 feet up the side of a nearby volcano .
During the fifteen - minute ride , I chatted with two couples that spoke only Spanish .
If I had n't learned Spanish , I could n't have understood them , much less conversed .
But because I do speak Spanish , I enjoyed a pleasant chat about one couple 's life in Venezuela and the other couple 's life in Quito .
Plus I garnered a restaurant recommendation for later that evening .
Yet another small prize I won simply because I took the time to learn another language .
That 's an example of receiving a small payoff from the lottery of life .
Sometimes , however , you hit the jackpot .
In 2008 , I received an email from a blog reader .
He'd be in Portland the following week and wanted to know if I had time to meet for lunch .
“ Sure , ” I said .
“ Let 's do it . ” I met the reader and his wife at a local Thai restaurant .
We had a great conversation .
I was impressed by his story and his drive .
I gave him blogging tips .
He told me stories about traveling the world .
His wife showed me how to stretch my injured hamstring .
Over the next year , my new friend shared a couple of guest posts at Get Rich Slowly .
He stayed at my house one night when he got stranded in Portland .
Eventually , this guy — whose name was Chris Guillebeau — moved to Portland .
Our friendship grew .
In 2010 , I joined Chris for a train ride from Chicago to Portland .
On that trip , he shared a crazy idea .
“ I want to create a conference and hold it in Portland .
I want you to be on the planning team , ” he said .
For the next three years , I helped to organize the World Domination Summit , which grew into a grand party for 3000 people .
Saying “ yes ” to lunch with one stranger had a ripple effect that continues to spread throughout my entire life .
Because of that one action , I 've met hundreds of incredible people , some of whom have become close friends .
I 've traveled to Norway .
I 've spoken on stage before one thousand people .
Chris and I collaborated to create the Get Rich Slowly course .
( And the payoff continues : I 'll be presenting a three - hour workshop on Financial Freedom at this July 's edition of WDS . )
Not every meeting or experience pays off so handsomely , of course .
In fact , some are disasters !
But most provide some sort of reward , and sometimes those rewards are enormous .
Prize - winning tickets are so common and fruitful , in fact , that I 've almost become addicted to playing the lottery of life .
I relish making new acquaintances , going new places , and trying new things .
I used to think I was unlucky .
Good things happened to other people , never to me .
Everyone else had more fun than I did .
Now , eight years since learning to say “ yes ” to life , I know the truth .
Success breeds success .
When you do something well , you open doors to new opportunities .
When you fail to act , doors remain closed .
Wishing wo n't make you happy or wealthy , and good things do n't just happen .
Luck is no accident .
Luck is n't magic and it's not a gift from the gods .
You make your own luck .
Luck Is No Accident
What we think of as “ luck ” has almost nothing to with randomness and almost everything to do with attitude .
According to psychologist Richard Wiseman , only about ten percent of life is truly random ; the remaining ninety percent is defined by the way we think .
Wiseman says we have more control over our lives — and our luck — than we realize .
John Krumboltz and Al Levin , the authors of Luck is No Accident , agree .
In that book , they write :
You have control over your own actions and how you think about the events that impact your life .
None of us can control the outcomes , but your actions can increase the probability that desired outcomes will occur .
There are no guarantees in life .
The only guarantee is that doing nothing will get you nowhere .
This has certainly been true in my own life .
When I sat at home , afraid to do things and meet people , I was “ unlucky ” .
Once I took action , my fortunes changed .
Wiseman says that “ lucky ” people share four attributes :
Lucky people make the most of opportunity .
This is more than just being in the right place at the right time .
Lucky people must be aware when an opportunity presents itself , and they must have the courage to seize it .
Lucky people listen to their hunches .
They heed their gut instincts .
Lucky people expect good fortune .
They 're optimistic .
They think win-win .
They make positive choices that benefit themselves and others .
They tend to assume the best .
Lucky people turn bad luck into good .
They fail forward , learning from their mistakes and finding the silver lining in every cloud .
There 's a Spanish saying , “ No hay mal que por bien no venga , ” which can be roughly translated as , “ There is no bad from which good could not come . ”
Lucky people believe this .
In Impro , Keith Johnstone writes :
People with dull lives often think their lives are dull by chance .
In reality , everyone chooses more or less what kind of events happen to them by their conscious patterns of blocking or yielding .
This , my friends , is truth — perhaps the fundamental truth .
Our attitudes produce our luck .
Choice is the backbone of life and meaning .
This theme will appear repeatedly at Money Boss , and not just when discussing luck and fear .
At the heart of happiness is choice .
We make meaning in our lives through our choices .
At its core , freedom is about the ability to choose .
And our financial states — for good or ill — are largely defined by choice .
Everyone chooses more or less what kind of events happen to them .
Learn this quote .
Learn to love it .
Because you already live it , whether you know it or not .
Allow me to pause for a moment to acknowledge that yes , some people enjoy better circumstances than others .
Systemic poverty is a genuine problem .
It 's a barrier that some people have to overcome in order to achieve success .
And yes , shit happens .
You could get hit by a truck tomorrow .
To me , these things are obvious and should go without saying .
Yet , if I do n't explicitly mention them , I 'll get nasty comments and email .
Action Cures Fear
Saying “ yes ” is the first step to fighting fear and living a life without regret .
But saying “ yes ” is n't enough by itself .
To cure fear , you must also take action .
Cody is a personal trainer in Portland , Oregon .
He coaches athletes to lift more and run farther than they believe they 're able .
Cody says one key to achieving peak performance is acting in spite of fear .
When lifting weights , for instance , many athletes — especially novices — become intimidated .
They may be physically capable of living a given weight ( and may have even lifted that very weight in the past ) , but they 're afraid to do so ; they think about what might happen if they drop the bar .
Others might imagine the pain and suffering that comes from running a marathon , the long hours of work ahead , and allow those thoughts to stop them from attempting the race .
Cody says that successful athletes overcome their fear by turning off their brains and taking action .
Instead of waiting for the moment when fear subsides — a moment that might never come if she keeps thinking about it — the veteran forces herself not to think about what she 's doing .
She simply does it .
She lifts the weight or scales the wall or dives into the pool .
She keeps running and does n't think about the distance that remains .
At the start of the classic science - fiction novel Dune , our young hero is put to a painful test .
To calm himself and focus his mind , he recites this litany against fear :
I must not fear .
Fear is the mind - killer .
Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration .
I will face my fear .
I will permit it to pass over me and through me .
And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path .
Where the fear has gone there will be nothing .
Only I will remain .
If fear is the mind - killer , then action is the fear - killer .
To overcome fear , you must reach a point where you 're no longer thinking — only acting .
Thought creates fear ; action cures it .
Cody 's insight is n't new .
Motivational speaker Brian Tracy has said , “ If you want to develop courage , then simply act courageously when it 's called for .
If you do something over and over again , you develop a habit .
Some people develop the habit of courage .
Some people develop the habit of non-courage . ”
( Tracy 's famous advice for doing what you fear ?
Eat that frog ! )
In The Magic of Thinking Big , David J. Schwartz writes , “ Action cures fear .
Indecision , postponement , on the other hand , fertilize fear …
When we face tough problems , we stay mired in the mud until we take action .
Hope is a start .
But hope needs action to win victories . ”
Schwartz advocates a two - step plan to build confidence and destroy fear :
Isolate your fear .
Determine exactly what it is that scares you .
Take action .
Figure out what action will counter your fear , and then do it .
“ Hesitation only enlarges , magnifies the fear , ” Shwartz writes .
“ Take action promptly .
Be decisive . ”
Often what we 're actually afraid of is the unknown .
We like certainty , and choosing to do something with an uncertain outcome makes us nervous .
That initial step into the unknown can be scary .
But after the first , each subsequent step becomes easier and easier .
When you act , you remove the mystery .
For years , I was frightened to speak in front of crowds .
I avoided it .
And when I agreed to speak , I put off preparation until the last possible moment .
But when I began to say “ yes ” to offers and opportunities , I had to learn to speak in front of crowds .
At first , I did n't like it .
But over time a funny thing happened .
The more talks I gave , the better I got — and the more I enjoyed it .
I 'm still not great at it , but my fear fades a little more each time I step on stage .
Action is curing my fear .
Action Creates Motivation
At home , Kim wakes at five o'clock to get ready for work .
Most days , I just lie there .
“ I do n't need to get up , ” I think .
“ I 've nowhere to go . ”
But I 've learned that if I do n't get up , I regret it .
If I stay in bed , I do n't make it to the gym .
I miss work deadlines .
I have less time to do the fun stuff , like hiking , and reading , and riding my motorcycle .
So , I get out of bed .
I get dressed .
As unappealing as it sounds , I go outside for a walk or a run — even when it 's raining ( as is frequently the case back in Portland ) .
The first few minutes suck .
I 'm tempted to turn around and return to my cozy bedroom .
Before long , however , I find I 'm actually enjoying myself .
I return home invigorated , eager to get things done .
If I were to wait for motivation , I 'd sleep all day .
By forcing myself to take action , I find the motivation that was missing before .
Feeling Good is a popular self - help manual by David Burns .
The book helped a younger me through an extended bout of depression .
Part of the solution was to overcome my chronic procrastination , procrastination brought about by fear .
In Feeling Good , Burns describes the problem .
Individuals who procrastinate frequently confuse motivation and action .
You foolishly wait until you feel in the mood to do something .
Since you do n't feel like doing it , you automatically put it off .
Your error is your belief that motivation comes first , and then leads to action and success .
But it is usually the other way around ; action must come first , and the motivation comes later .
You see , action primes the pump .
It creates momentum .
It instills confidence .
Another way to boost confidence is careful preparation .
Anxiety is largely self - doubt and insecurity — an underlying belief that you cannot handle whatever is before you .
Anxiety often causes fear and procrastination .
Because of this , preparation plays a key role in mitigating fear .
When you prepare — to speak to a crowd , to hike through a bear - infested forest — you decrease your doubt .
You can't eliminate the possibility of failure , but you can drastically reduce the odds .
You rehearse possible situations .
You practice the required actions .
You allow your imagination to explore ( and cope with ) worst - case scenarios .
Preparation helps you to do your best .
And that 's the important thing :
If you always do your best and you do what 's right , then you need n't fear the results .
Sure , bad things will happen sometimes .
But if you 've done well and done what 's right , the negative outcome is n't your fault — it 's just how things are .
If you 're unprepared , however , you must own the negative results .
When we 're prepared , we feel competent .
When we feel competent , we feel confident .
When we 're confident , our fear fades into the background .
Action Is Character
A decade ago , I was full of hot air .
And I was lazy .
And depressed .
This was n't a good combination for getting things done .
I talked a lot about the things I wanted to do , but I never did them .
I found reasons not to .
I even had trouble keeping up my end of the household chores , which frustrated my wife .
I was a Talker .
Maybe you know somebody who 's like this .
A Talker seems to know the solution to everything , has great plans for how she 's going to make money or get a new job .
She can tell you what others are doing wrong and how she could do it better .
But the funny thing is , a Talker never acts on her solutions and her great plans .
She never gets that new job .
She 's out of work or stuck in a job she hates .
To everyone else , it 's clear that the Talker is full of hot air , but he believes he 's bluffing everyone along — or worse ( as was my case ) is n't even aware that he never follows through on his boasts and promises .
Sometimes a Talker conflates talking with doing .
When confronted , a Talker has excuses for not getting things done :
He does n't have time , he does n't have the skills , the odds are stacked against him .
When a Talker does do something , he often takes a shortcut .
That , my friends , is the man I used to be .
Something changed in the autumn of 2005 .
I began to read a lot of books .
Not just personal finance books , but self - help books and success manuals of all sorts .
As I read the books , I discussed them with my cousin , Nick .
During our conversations , I 'd sometimes lament that X was a priority in my life — where X might be exercise or getting out of debt or reading more books — but that I never had time for it .
Instead , I “ had to do ” a bunch of other stuff instead .
“ Well , then X is n't actually a priority , ” Nick would say , which made me angry .
I 'd argue , but Nick would point out that the things we actually do are the priorities in our life .
What we say does n't matter ; it 's what we do that counts .
It took me a long time to learn this lesson , but eventually I began to align my life with my stated priorities .
Instead of just talking about doing things , I did them .
I stopped looking for shortcuts and started doing the work required to get things done .
Unsurprisingly , this worked .
When I did things instead of talking about them , I got better results .
Today , I am a Doer .
In his notes on The Last Tycoon , F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote , “ Action is character . ”
Fitzgerald meant that what a fictional character defines who that character is .
Superman is a superhero because he does heroic things , not because he talks about doing them .
The same is true in real life :
You are defined by the things you do — not by the things you think or say .
If you never did anything , you would n't be anybody .
We Are What We Repeatedly Do
We are what we repeatedly do — not what we once did , and not what we did only once .
One mistake does not define you , nor does a single act of kindness .
These events may provide glimpses of a potential you , but who you really are is revealed by what you do on a daily basis .
You can say that health is important to you , but if you do n't eat and act healthfully , it 's just not so .
Thinking about writing does n't make you a writer ; writing makes you a writer .
If you 're not writing , you 're not a writer .
You can say your life 's too busy and you want to slow down , but so long as you keep scheduling things , you 're showing that you value your busy - ness more than the downtime .
I 've self - identified as fit for almost seven years .
For most of that time , I have been fit .
I 've eaten well and exercised often .
But during the past couple of years , my attention has been focused elsewhere .
My priorities have shifted .
During my RV trip across the U.S. , I allowed my diet and exercise regimen to slip until today they 're average at best .
I can see it in my body and feel it in my mind .
Talking about fitness and having been fit in the past wo n't make me fit today .
To be fit , I have to do the work to become ( and remain ) fit .
Fitness will return when I choose to eat right and exercise once again .
Not just once , but every day .
If you do n't like who you are , choose to be somebody new .
We are what we repeatedly do .
Note :
This quote —
“ We are what we repeatedly do .
Excellence , then , is not an act but a habit ” — is frequently attributed to the philosopher Aristotle .
However , Aristotle never wrote this .
Instead , the quote is Will Durant 's summary of Aristotle 's philosophy .
Summing Up
Whew !
That 's a lot of information .
Let 's summarize what we 've learned today .
On their deathbeds , people generally regret the things they did not do rather than the things they did .
They also regret having spent so much time seeking outside approval instead of focusing on their own feelings , values , and relationships .
In short , dying people regret having been afraid .
Some fears are physical .
Others are psychological .
Some fears are rational .
Many are not .
Healthy , rational fears keep you alert and alive .
Irrational fears and anxieties prevent you from enjoying everything life has to offer .
In part , our irrational fears are fueled by the mass media .
We 're bombarded by news of the exceptional and the unusual , so that we come to believe life is more dangerous than it actually is .
A mighty weapon in the war against fear is the power of yes .
By teaching yourself to accept opportunities in life , you can gradually overcome your irrational fears .
You can teach yourself to become bold , to try new things , to meet new people , and to enjoy a more rewarding existence .
This is one of the secrets of lucky people .
What we think of as “ luck ” has almost nothing to do with randomness and everything to do with attitude .
Everyone chooses more or less what kind of events happen to them .
You make your own luck .
It can help to imagine that life is like a lottery .
Any time you do something — especially something new — there 's a chance that your life will be vastly improved in the long run .
When you say yes , you 're given a lottery ticket .
Often that ticket wo n't pay off .
But sometimes you 'll hit the jackpot .
Saying yes is n't enough by itself .
To cure fear , you must take action .
Action boosts confidence .
So does preparation .
When we ’re prepared , we feel competent .
When we feel competent , we feel confident .
When we ’re confident , fear fades into the background .
If you always do your best and you do what ’s right , then you need n’t fear the results .
Sure , bad things will sometimes happen .
But if you ’ve done well and done what ’s right , the negative outcome is n’t your fault — it ’s just how things are .
If you ’re unprepared , however , you must own the negative consequences .
The bottom line ?
Action is character .
You are defined by the things you do — not by the things you think or say .
You are what you repeatedly do .
If you do n't like who you are , you must choose to be somebody new .
What have action and fear to do with personal and financial independence ?
Everything !
The first step toward freedom of any sort is facing and fighting your fears .
“ You gain strength , courage , and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face , ” Eleanor Roosevelt once said .
“ You must do the thing you think you cannot do . ”
From these humble beginnings , you can progress to greater things .
Next , we 'll explore personal well - being .
We 'll talk about what happiness is , how it 's achieved , and what you can do to maximize happiness in your life .
Because happiness too is an important part of achieving personal and financial freedom .
Lon S. Cohen is a writer and social media strategist .
He is @obilon on Twitter .
Never before in history has it been easier to glean from the knowledge of others who will give it away to you for free .
It ’s equivalent to getting higher education .
I ’m talking about Masters level stuff .
And it ’s all available right there on Twitter .
I call the people I follow who contribute above and beyond the basic answer to “ what are you doing ? ” my professors of Twitter .
Many of them do n’t even know it and that ’s the beauty .
There is no course outline , no costly tuition ( yet anyway ) , no declared major , and you can take as many electives as you want .
There ’s also no hard and fast list of required experience to be my personal Twitter Professor and tenure is non-existent .
I do have very simple guidelines I keep in my head when designating my Twitter Professors :
1 ) RT really smart stuff from the people they follow saving me from sifting through even more of a stream of Tweets .
2 ) Have insightful Tweets in and of themselves ( not just links ) .
3 ) Inspire me to engage in conversation with them or with others .
4 ) Write really great articles / blog posts on subjects I want to learn about or point to interesting articles I would never have read otherwise .
5 ) Expand my world experience through their stream of Tweets .
Usually , it ’s a combination of many things and there is no way to quantify it , there ’s no real formula and there ’s no one particular
Tweet that I can pull from to summarize their contributions .
I just feel out the people I like to follow most .
Below are 18 people I follow for a real time education .
Please suggest your own Twitter professors in the comments .
Christopher Penn
@cspenn
Why he ’s my Prof : Like many of the Twitter Professors , he gives information freely for which others might charge an arm and a leg .
He provides a daily heads up on what to look out for by analyzing real financial indicators .
Because of @cspenn , I know to track the TED spread and the BDI and why .
He also gives advice about online marketing .
Oh , and he co-founded Podcamp .
Courses offered : Finance , Online Marketing Required Reading : christopherspenn.com , The Twitter Power Guide
JOHNABYRNE
@JOHNABYRNE
Why he ’s my Prof :
He really engages people on Twitter , which is admirable for an Editor - in - Chief at a national business magazine ’s website .
Sure he could have assigned some lackey intern to Twitter all day , but he did n’t .
I ’d expect nothing less from a self - professed “ Digital Journalism Advocate . ”
I even know the important people he ’s HAVING lunch with and what they are going to talk about .
He asks for suggestions on questions to ask them .
He does n’t just tell you afterward that they ordered the bisque and it was a little cold .
He also gave us a list of all the other BusinessWeek writers that Twitter , which is where I found @shirleybrady and @stevebaker .
Courses offered : Business , Finance , Journalism Required Reading : BusinessWeek.com
Jeremiah Owyang
@jowyang
Why he ’s my Prof :
As the Senior Analyst in Social Computing at Forrester Research , @jowyang provides an endless stream of information about that voodoo that we do .
Then he tried an experiment and purposely stopped Twittering for 20 days to refocus .
Boy did I miss him .
I learned that the world wo n’t blow up if I leave Twitter for 3 weeks , but if it did , I ’d have to find out about it with everyone else in the world .
He also cuts a mean run as a Salsa dancer .
Course Offered : Social Media Web Strategy Required Reading : web-strategist.com/blog
Beth Kanter
@Kanter
Why she ’s my Prof :
When I got my job at a nonprofit ( @ALSofGNY )
I dove right into Social Media as the primary way to connect with patients , families , caregivers and potential donors .
I sought out others to learn how to do it better and @ Kanter ’s name came up .
@ Kanter imparts all her wisdom about how nonprofits can benefit from Social Media .
Course Offered : Nonprofits 2.0 Required Reading : beth.typepad.com
Ann Handley
@Marketing Profs
Why she ’s my Prof : Chris Brogan says about Ann : “ She 's connected to LOTS of great people , so when I see who she 's talking about , I pursue and learn more . ”
Agreed .
Ann has the coolest job title in the world as Chief Content Officer .
She uses social media to share marketing resources with the crowds , and I ’m here picking up the tidbits .
Course Offered : Content Marketing Required Reading : annhandley.com , mpdailyfix.com
Chris Brogan
@chrisbrogan
Why he ’s my Prof :
If I left him off the list , I ’d get phone calls .
The man is always pushing a boundary of New Media whether it ’s doing a paid post for Kmart as a trusted blogger and lighting up the blogosphere or telling you why you ’re micro-famous , dammit and you ’re special so go out and conquer the world , no charge for the moxie .
He ’s one of the biggest proponents of giving away value to get value that I know .
Course Offered : Online Business Communications Required Reading : chrisbrogan.com
Sarah Evans
@PRsarahevans
Why she ’s my Prof : Founding # journchat alone is enough to make this list , IMHO .
She has created a community , fostered it and is committed to making it grow , but brave enough to let it grow on its own .
It ’s a lesson that , if you love something , set it free – well , you know the rest .
No wonder her bio says that philanthropy and volunteerism rank high on her priority list .
Courses Offered : Communications , New Media , Community Building .
Required Reading : prsarahevans.com , # journchat
Tara “ missrogue ” Hunt
@missrogue
Why she ’s my Prof : I did n’t know what a “ whuffie ” was until I met her .
It ’s what she calls “ the store of social capital that is the currency of the digital world . ”
This professor has me sitting up straight in the front row and paying attention .
I like her sincere style .
Hunt specializes in marketing to existing communities but admits that she ’s somewhat of a marketing whore ( her words ) and dedicated consumer .
When she ’s “ handing out whuffie like it 's growin ' on trees , ” you know I ’ll be first in line .
Courses Offered : Online Community Marketing , Personal Branding Required Reading : horsepigcow.com , Whuffie Factor
Jennifer Leggio
@mediaphyter
Why she ’s my Prof :
Is there ever a time of day that I ’m on Twitter and @mediaphyter is not imparting her opinion and knowledge ?
She blogs and tweets about the crossroads of technology and social media .
Whether she ’s fighting for or against the media , she usually comes out on top .
Courses Offered : Social Media , Technology , Communications Required Reading : blogs.zdnet.com / feeds
Jay Rosen
@jayrosen_nyu
Why he ’s my Prof : A real life professor at NYU J - School who spends a good amount of time offering his commentary and advice .
His linkouts always follow a theme from one side of an argument to another until he ’s sure you ’ve got the best of what is being said on a subject , then gives a little more .
What I really like is that he does n’t “ do lifecasting but mindcasting on Twitter . ”
Courses Offered : Journalism , New Media .
Required Reading : journalism.nyu.edu/pubzone/weblogs/pressthink
Laurel Touby
@laureltouby
Why she ’s my Prof : I do n’t think any of my other Twitter Profs go out and live Tweet from conferences and meetings more than @laureltouby .
As founder of mediabistro.com , she ’s the one who gets me all the info on media , PR and journalism ( when it ’s not a Monday evening and I ’m on # journchat ) .
Her entrepreneurial energy comes through in her feed as she treks around the country attending conferences , meeting people , and making connections .
Courses Offered : Media , Media , Media , Networking Required Reading : mediabistro.com
Meryl at Beanstalk
@Meryl333
Why she ’s my Prof :
What ’s so funny about peace , love and understanding ?
Nothing according to @ Meryl333 .
I look to her for reaction to just about everything in current events , which is usually positive and calming .
She even shares her Jewish cooking .
Sometimes I think I can smell the latkes frying on the stove while she Tweets .
Yummy .
Good food , good advice and just enough guilt .
Courses Offered : Peace , Love and Understanding Required Reading : @Meryl1333
Shel Israel
@shelisrael
Why he ’s my Prof :
His breadth of interest and knowledge may make him the Dean of Twitter .
He and I may not see eye to eye on brands on Twitter , but at least he respects my opinion on the matter .
I also notice that he ’s not immune to chasing an idea down a rat hole just in case there ’s something under there , which is why he ’s spending his days interviewing the people behind the brands on Twitter for a section in his new book , Twitterville , set to be published this fall .
But while you wait you can get a ton of info by following his links to his interviews , which he ’s posting on his website .
Courses Offered : Social Media , Journalism .
Required Reading : redcouch.typepad.com , Twitterville , Naked Conversations
Andrew Maynard
@2020 science
Why he ’s my Prof : Maynard is a “ scientist gone over to the dark side ” according to his profile , and I am glad he did .
He communicates all the good stuff on his blog that you really do n’t get everywhere else .
Then he adds in his bio , as if it ’s a minor thing ” “ Oh , and am the Science Advisor to the Project on Emerging Nanotech . ”
Super smart guy on Twitter alert .
Course Offered : Science Required Reading : 2020science.org
Jeffrey Levy
@levyj413
Why he ’s my Prof : He ’s a Government 2.0 pro and with a long resume just on his Twitter profile .
Watching his Tweets , I learn about Government on the Web , get info on how Government 2.0 is shaping up , and specific links to government websites for a ton of other information .
Course Offered : Government 2.0 Required Reading : @levyj413
Chris Heuer
@chrisheuer
Why he ’s my Prof : Do I need another Social Media professor ?
Probably not , but I make an exception for Heuer .
He promotes a way to bring legitimacy to and awareness of Social Media to the public .
He co-founded Social Media Club to bring together like - minded people :
You and me .
Course Offered : Social Media Required Reading : chrisheuer.com
Brian Stelter
@brianstelter
Why he ’s my Prof : Stelter offers a smart , critical view of television and media .
And if you did n’t guess by now , I likes me some media .
He intersperses his Tweets with TV factoids , comments about his workday at the New York Times and links to his articles – a 360 degree view of what it ’s like to be a media journalist and blogger with The Gray Lady .
Ok I ’ll admit it ; I ’m living vicariously through his Tweets .
Course Offered : Media , Journalism Required Reading : tvdecoder.blogs.nytimes.com
Fern Ellen Cohen
@fec139
Why she ’s my Prof : Cohen ( no relation ) has n’t posted much yet , but who else is letting you know the interests and experiences of someone with a fatal neurological disease that robs you of your ability to move , breathe and speak and has no treatment and no cure ?
Yeah .
Makes you think , right ?
Puts things into perspective ?
That ’s what a good Professor does .
She ’s a former teacher , who used to talk a lot but according to her bio , ALS has forced her to “ sit down and shut up . ”
That did not stop her from communicating and what better way to communicate to the world when you ca n’t travel far from home or speak aloud than the World Wide Web ?
Course Offered :
How to be both earnest and funny in the face of tragedy Required Reading : fernals.blogspot.com
Help me find more professors
As you can see from my list , there is no lack of people out there Twittering about media , public relations , social networking and journalism .
( In fact , there are a tremendous number of Twitter profiles claiming to be Social Media experts , ninjas or demigods . )
My regret is that none of the Twitter Profs on my list are in the arts .
Plenty are writers , but none are writing fiction .
I ’m looking for artists that Twitter about their craft while opening other ’s eyes to the world of their chosen profession .
Or even better , a real university professor twittering about art history , literature , performing or dramatic arts , etc .
Are you out there ?
I ’d like to take your class next semester .
More Twitter resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , viorika .
Who is Maria ?!
Maria is a sexducational tool designed for the ThinkPad series of laptop computers .
This is an experiment to use the available technology in a way it was not ment to be used for the purpose of ...
Well , something but mainly researching the interfaces in the human computer / robot interaction .
You can use it because you want to perfect your own skills .
You can use it because you are horny single 36 years old who has not much time to meet real Marias .
You can use it because you always wanted to make love with robots .
You can use it because you are bored at work and have nothing else to do or you can use it just for the laughs .
The name " Maria " comes from the Fritz Lang movie " Metropolis " .
Videos
Turn the volume Up !
Yes ...
I made a typo but feel lazy to edit it again .
What now ?!
Maria uses " Release Early , Release Often " philosophy .
Right now she is using very basic and rudimental algorithm for simulation but we plan to improve it a lot .
How ?
Mainly by your feedback !
That is correct .
Help us perfect Maria with your experience and suggestions !
Help us perfect Maria with your moaning sounds !
Marked with red color are the new sensors we plan to add to Maria !
Think about the best way how to use them and improve Marias simulation !
You can see how we " missed " to mark the network interface ?!
Oh yeah .... even affraid to think about it right now !
Download
git clone http://podaci.binarni.org/maria.git/
Dependencies are : Grab the source :
Contact
aerkalov@ removeme .
gmail.com
This work is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 Croatia License .
Auth o rama
Public Domain Books
Welcome to Authorama.com , featuring completely free books from a variety of different authors , collected here for you to read online or offline .
The books may have been published before , but not in this form , which I hope you find enjoyable to read and print .
Feedback is welcome – enjoy the reading .
“ The site was something I would never have thought to look for but as I ’ve seen it now it has been a wee surprise .
I work offshore on a pipe - laying vessel and spend six weeks at a time at sea , now I have a little library of works to read that I print off and use in my off shift .
The other guys on - board are using it too and it ’s thanks to yourself we ’ve got some interesting reading . ”
– Brian McGuire
A
Edwin A. Abbott : Flatland : A Romance of Many Dimensions
Israel Abrahams : The Book of Delight | Chapters On Jewish Literature
Arthur Achleitner : Celsissimus
Brooks Adams : The Theory of Social Revolutions
W. Bion Adkins : The Jericho Road
Florence Akin : Opera Stories From Wagner
Horatio Alger , Jr. : The Store Boy | Ragged Dick
Meer Hassan Ali : Observations on the Mussulmauns of India
Dante Alighieri : Die Göttliche Komödie
Joseph A. Altsheler : Lords of the Wild
Rahul Alvares : Free From School
Anonymous : Goody Two - Shoes
Hans Christian Andersen : The True Story of My Life
Robert Gordon Anderson : Half - Past Seven Stories
Aristotle : The Poetics
Matthew Arnold : Culture and Anarchy
Jane Austen : Pride and Prejudice
I. Windslow Ayer : The Great North - Western Conspiracy In All Its Startling Details
B
Francis Bacon : Essays of Francis Bacon
James Baldwin : Old Greek Stories
Honore de Balzac : The Girl With the Golden Eyes | Father Goriot
Robert Hugh Benson :
Lord of the World
Henri Bergson : Laughter : An Essay on the Meaning of Comic
Ambrose Bierce : The Devil ’s Dictionary
Mary Hastings Bradley : The Fortieth Door
Edwin Bryant : What I saw in California
John Buchan : The Thirty - nine Steps
Frances Hodgson Burnett : The Secret Garden
Edgar Rice Burroughs ( 1875 - 1950 , American novelist and creator of Tarzan ) :
At the Earth ’s Core
A group of scientists use their drilling machine to get down into the hollow space at the earth ’s center .
They find life forms which have survived for millions of years .
( Not to be confused with Jules Verne ’s " A Journey to the Center of the Earth " . )
Eliza Burt Gamble : The God -Idea of the Ancients
Richard F. Burton : To the Gold Coast for Gold
Samuel Butler : Essays on Life , Art , and Science
C
G. Cambrensis : Description of Wales
Campan : Memoirs of Marie Antoinette | Memoirs of Marie Antoinette ( B )
Lewis Carroll : Alice in Wonderland
( The story of a little girl who tumbles down a rabbit hole , and into adventure with the White Rabbit , the Queen of Hearts , Tweedledum and Tweedledee , the Mad Hatter , and the Cheshire Cat . )
Lewis Carroll was the pseudonym of Rev. Charles Lutwidge Dodgson , photographer , lecturer in Mathematics at Christ Church Oxford , and author of kid ’s tales " Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland " ( 1865 ) and " Through the Looking Glass " ( 1872 ) .
Through the Looking - Glass
G.K. Chesterton : The Crimes of England
CIA - The World Factbook 2000 : Part A ( Afghanistan - Cayman Islands ) | Part B ( Central African Republic - Haiti ) | Part C ( Honduras - Madagascar ) | Part D ( Malawi - Paraguay ) | Part E ( Peru - Tromelin Island ) | Part F ( Tunisia - Zimbabwe ) | Notes , Definitions , Appendix | Flags
D
Richard Henry Dana : Two Years Before the Mast
Andrew McFarland Davis : Indian Games
Richard Harding Davis : The Man Who Could Not Lose | The Amateur | A Wasted Day
Charles Dickens : A Christmas Carol | The Lamplighter | The Seven Poor Travellers | Sketches of Young Couples | The Lazy Tour of Two Idle Apprentices
Charles Dickens ’ ( 1812 - 1870 ) views on social reform were influenced by his childhood poverty and feelings of abandonment .
Joseph Devlin : How to Speak and Write Correctly
Cory Doctorow : Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom | Microsoft Research DRM Talk | Anda ’s game
Fyodor Dostoyevsky : Notes from the Underground
Norman Douglas : Old Calabria
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle : The Adventure of the Bruce - Partington Plans | The Adventure of the Cardboard Box | The Adventure of the Devil ’s Foot
Jonathan Dunn : The Revolutions of Time
E
Charles A. Eastman : Indian Heroes and Great Chieftains
Ralph Waldo Emerson : Essays , First Series ( this collection contains History , Self - reliance , Compensation , Spiritual laws , Love , Friendship , Prudence , Heroism , The Over - Soul , Circles , Intellect , Art ) | Essays , Second Series ( contains The Poet , Experience , Character , Manners , Gifts , Nature , Politics , Nominalist and Realist , New England Reformers )
Epictetus : The Golden Sayings of Epictetus ( Words and wisdom by Epictetus , circa 55 - 135 AD )
Evelyn Everett - Green : A Heroine of France
F
Don Emilio Aguinaldo y Famy : True Version of the Philippine Revolution
John Fiske : The Unseen World and Other Essays
Theodor Fontane : Effi Briest
G
Emile Gaboriau : Within an Inch of His Life
Dan Gillmor : We the Media
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe ( 1749 - 1832 , German poet , novelist and scientist , author of Faust , and leading figure of the Sturm und Drang movement .
See his biography ) : Die Leiden des jungen Werther | The Sorrows of Young Werther
Hermann and Dorothea | Hermann und Dorothea
Grimm Brothers : Grimms ’ Fairy Tales
George and Weedon Grossmith : Diary of a Nobody ( " A hugely entertaining chronicle of English life and trivia in its Victorian heyday . " )
H
John H. Haaren : Famous Men of the Middle Ages
Lewis Hodus : Buddhism and Buddhists in China
Gordon Home : What to See in England
Horace : The Works of Horace
I
George Iles : 19th Century Acor Autobiographies ( Library of Little Masterpieces )
J
Joseph Jacobs : Celtic Fairy Tales
| English Fairy Tales | Indian Fairy Tales
Fedor Jagor et al : The Former Philippines thru Foreign Eyes | Part II
William James : Pragmatism | Meaning of Truth | The Varieties of Religious Experience | The Varieties of Religious Experience II
Jerome K. Jerome : Three Men in a Boat
James Johonnot : Ten Great Events in History
Henry Jones : Browning as a Philosophical and Religious Teacher
James Joyce : Ulysses
K
Franz Kafka : Metamorphosis
Henry Ketcham : The Life of Abraham Lincoln
Rudyard Kipling : The Jungle Book
Juliette Augusta Magill Kinzie : Wau -Bun
Grenville Kleiser : The World ’s Great Sermons
Heinrich von Kleist : Der Zerbrochene Krug
L
Stephen Leacock : The Hohenzollerns in America
Maurice Leblanc : The Extraordinary Adventures of Arsene Lupin , Gentleman - Burglar
Lawrence Lessig : Free Culture
John Lingard : The History of England | ( B )
Henrik van Loon : The Story of Mankind
Jack London : Brown Wolf and Other Jack London Stories
Sir John Lubbock : The Pleasures of Life
N
George Henry Needler : The Nibelungenlied
Friedrich Nietzsche ( a German philosopher of late 19th century , challenged foundations of traditional morality with his questioning of doctrines .
Famous for his statement that " God is dead ! " , his works often deal with issues of nihilism and existentialism ) : Beyond Good and Evil | Die Geburt der Tragödie ( German )
Scott Niven : Short Stories by Scott Niven
Bill Nye : Remarks | Remarks ( B )
O
Mrs. Oliphant : Jeanne d’Arc ( Joan of Arc )
Lyndon Orr : Famous Affinities of History ( I of IV ) | Famous Affinities of History ( II of IV ) | Famous Affinities of History ( III of IV ) | Famous Affinities of History ( IV of IV )
P
Frank L. Packard : The Adventures of Jimmie Dale Part I
The Adventures of Jimmie Dale Part II
Brett Page : Writing for Vaudeville ( A ) | Writing for Vaudeville ( B )
Paine : The Boys ’ Life of Mark Twain | The Old Merchant Marine
George Herbert Palmer : The Nature of Goodness
Gilbert Parker : The Money Master
Dewitt H. Parker : The Principles Of Aesthetics
Edward Harper Parker : Ancient China Simplified
John H. Parker : Gatlings at Santiago
Walter Horatio Pater : The Renaissance : Studies in Art and Poetry | Miscellaneous Studies : A Series of Essays
Bliss Perry : The American Spirit in Literature | A Study of Poetry
David Graham Phillips : The Second Generation
Marcel Proust : Remembrance of Things Past : Swann ’s Way I | Swann ’s Way II
Q
Thomas de Quincey : Miscellaneous Essays
R
Kate Milner Rabb : National Epics
Walter Raleigh : England and the War
Louise de la Ramee : Bimbi
Ransome : Crisis in Russia
Raspe : The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
A.E.J. Rawlinson : Religious Reality
Joshua Reynolds : Seven Discourses
On Art
Apollonius Rhodius : Argonautica
Laura E. Richards : Melody
S
Edward Salisbury Field : Cupid ’s Understudy
Leader Scott : Fra Bartolommeo
Ernest Thompson Seton : Two Little Savages
Mary Shelley : Frankenstein
Johanna Spyri : Heidi
Frank Preston Stearns : Cambridge Sketches
Robert Louis Stevenson : Fables | Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Donald Ogden Stewart : A Parody Outline of History
T
H.D. Traill : Sterne
Mark Twain ( an American writer , humorist , and journalist , most famous for his stories of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn .
He is also originator of many anecdotes , quips and quotes ) : A Dog ’s Tale |
W
Alfred R. Wallace : The Malay Archipelago , Volume I | The Malay Archipelago , Volume II
H.G. Wells ( " English novelist , journalist , sociologist , and historian , whose science - fiction stories have been filmed many times .
Wells ’s best known books are The Time Machine ( 1895 ) , The Invisible Man ( 1897 ) , and The War of the Worlds ( 1898 ) . " -- From : H.G. Wells - Biography and Works ) : The War of the Worlds ( This book from 1898 pictures Earth invasions by Martians , launching a whole new sub - genre of alien sci-fi .
On Halloween 1938 , Orson Welles and the Mercury Teater scared thousands of radio listeners with their presentation of the story a series of fake " live " news bulletins -- people believed America was under attack by aliens and panicked )
Oscar Wilde : The Picture of Dorian Gray | Salome
X
Cao Xueqin : Hung Lou Meng I ( A ) | Hung Lou Meng I ( B ) | Hung Lou Meng II ( A ) | Hung Lou Meng II ( B )
Z
Emile Zola : L’Assommoir | Doctor Pascal
wordburn ( wûrd ' bûrn ) n. - Inflammation or blistering of the brain caused by overexposure to direct words
A
AMD Advanced Micro Devices
API application programming interface
ARP address resolution protocol
ARPANET Advanced Research Projects Agency Network
AS autonomous system
ASCII American Standard Code for Information Interchange
AT&T American Telephone and Telegraph Company
ATA advanced technology attachment
ATM asynchronous transfer mode
B
B byte
BELUG Bellevue Linux Users Group
BGP border gateway protocol
BIOS basic input output system
BKL big kernel lock
BNC Bayonet Neill - Concelman
BSA Business Software Alliance
BSD Berkeley Software Distribution ( originally Berkeley Source Distribution )
C
CCITT Comité Consultatif International Téléphonique et Télégraphique
cd change directory
CD compact disc
CDROM compact disc read - only memory
CJKV Chinese Japanese Korean Vietnamese
CLDR common locale data repository
CLI command line interface
CPU central processing unit
CRC cyclic redundancy check
CRT cathode ray tube
CSMA / CD carrier sense multiple access / collision detection
CSS cascading style sheets
CUPS common UNIX printing system
CVS concurrent versions system
D
daemon disk and execution monitor *
DEC Digital Equipment Corporation
DHCP dynamic host configuration protocol
DLC data link control
DLL dynamic link library
DMCA Digital Millennium Copyright Act
DNS domain name service
DOS disk operating system
DRAM dynamic random access memory
DVD digital versatile disc ( originally digital video disc )
E
EDGE enhanced data GSM environment
EEPROM electrically erasable read - only memory
EFF Electronic Frontier Foundation
EGP exterior gateway protocol
EULA end user license agreement
F
FAQ frequently asked questions
FDD floppy disk drive
FDDI fiber distributed data interface
FOSS free open source software
FQDN fully qualified domain name
FS filesystem
FSF Free Software Foundation
FTP file transfer protocol
G
Gb gigabit
GB gigabyte
GbE gigabit Ethernet
GCC GNU Compiler Collection ( originally GNU C Compiler )
GFDL GNU Free Documentation License
GID group identification
GIF graphics interchange format
GIGO garbage in garbage out
GIMP GNU Image Manipulation Program
GNOME GNU Network Object Model Environment
GOCC Government Open Code Collaborative
GNU GNU's Not UNIX
GPG GNU Privacy Guard
GPRS general packet radio service
GRUB grand unified bootloader
GUI graphical user interface
H
HDD hard disk drive
HDLC high level data link control
HFS hierarchical file system
HP Hewlett - Packard
HTML hypertext markup language
HTTP hypertext transfer protocol
I
IANA Internet Assigned Numbers Authority
IBM International Business Machines
IC integrated circuit
ICANN Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
ICMP Internet control message protocol
IDE integrated drive electronics
IEEE Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers
IETF Internet Engineering Task Force
IGP interior gateway protocol
IGRP interior gateway routing protocol
IMAP Internet message access protocol
I/O input / output
IP Internet protocol
IPC inter -process communication
IPX internetwork packet exchange
IRC Internet relay chat
ISO International Organization for Standardization
ISP Internet service provider
IT information technology
IXP Internet exchange points
J
JPEG Joint Photographic Experts Group
JVM Java virtual machine
K
Kb kilobit
KB kilobyte
KCP kernel control path
KDE K Desktop Environment
L
LAMP Linux Apache MySQL and PHP
LAN local area network
LANANA Linux Assigned Names and Numbers Authority
LAP link access procedure
LCD liquid crystal display
LDAP lightweight directory access protocol
LED light emitting diode
LFS Linux From Scratch
LGPL GNU Lesser General Public License
LIDS Linux intrusion detection system
LILO Linux loader
LINFO The Linux Information Project
LFS log -structured file system
LSB Linux Mark Institute
LSB Linux Standards Base
LSI large scale integrated circuit
LUG Linux users group
LVM logical volume management
LZW Lempel - Ziv- Welch
M
MAC media access control
Mb megabit
MB megabyte
MBR master boot record
MD5 message digest 5
MDI medium dependent interface
MIT Massachussets Institute of Technology
MMU memory management unit
MS Microsoft
MS - DOS Microsoft disk operating system
MTU maximum transmission unit
N
NFS network file system
NIC network interface card
NILFS new implementation log - structured file system
NIS network information system
NNTP network news transfer protocol
NTP network time protocol
O
ODF open document format
OS operating system
OSDL Open Source Development Labs
OSI open systems interconnection
OSPF open shortest path first
P
PAM pluggable authentication modules
PCMCIA Personal Computer Memory Card International Association
PDA personal digital assistant
PDF portable document format
PGP pretty good privacy
PHP PHP hypertext preprocessor ( originally personal home page )
PID process identification number
ping packet Internet groper ( orginally not an acronym )
PKI public key cryptography
PKI public key infrastructure
PNG portable network graphics
PnP plug-and - play
POP post office protocol
POSIX portable operating system interface
POTS plain old telephone service
PPP point - to - point protocol
PS postscript
PSTN public switched telephone network
pwd print working directory
R
RAID redundant arrays of independent disks
RAM random access memory
RARP reverse address resolution protocol
RDBMS relational database management system
RFID radio frequency identification
RHCE Red Hat Certified Engineer
RIP routing information protocol
RJ registered jack
RMON remote monitoring
RMS Richard M. Stallman
ROM read - only memory
RPC remote procedure call
RPM Red
Hat package manager
RSS really simple syndication
RTOS real time operating system
RTP real - time transport protocol
S
SAN storage area network
SANE scanner access now easy
SCO Santa Cruz Operation
SCSI small computer standard interface
SDLC synchronous data link control
SDRAM synchronous dynamic random access memory
SGID set group ID
SGML standard generalized markup language
SMB server message block
SNMP simple network management protocol
SMTP simple mail transfer protocol
SOAP simple object access protocol
SPAM superfluous pieces of additional mail *
SRAM static random access memory
SRI Stanford Research Institute
SSH secure shell
SSL secure sockets layer
su substitute user
SUID set user ID
SVID System V interface definition
T
TAR tape archive
TB terabyte
TCP transmission control protocol
TCP / IP transmission control protocol / Internet protocol
Tcl tool command language
TCO total cost of ownership
TCO transmission control protocol
TLB translation lookaside buffer
TLD top level domain
TRON The Real Time Operating System
TSL transport layer security
TTL time - to - live
TTL transistor - transistor logic
TTY teletype terminal
U
UCB University of California at Berkeley
UCITA Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act
UCLA University of California at Los Angeles
UCS universal character set
UDP user datagram protocol
UID user identification
URI uniform resource identifier
URL uniform resource locator
USB universal serial bus
UTF UCS transformation format
UTMS universal mobile telecommunications system
UUCP UNIX - to - UNIX copy
V
VFAT virtual file allocation table
VGA video graphics array
VLSI very large scale integrated circuit
vm virtual memory
VPN virtual private network
W
W3C World Wide Web Consortium
WAN wide area network
WAP wireless access point
WAP wireless application protocol
WEP wired equivalent privacy
WINE WINE is not an emulator
WLAN wireless local area network
WWW World Wide Web
WXGA wide extended graphics array
X
X X Window System
XML extensible markup language
________
* Not a true acronym because it was created first and the words that it supposedly represents were devised later .
Created June 29 , 2005 .
Updated November 9 , 2005 .
Copyright © 2005 The Linux Information Project .
All Rights Reserved .
Last Wednesday ( March 11th ) , people in India and other countries with large Hindu populations celebrated Holi , the Festival of Colors .
Holi is celebrated as a welcoming of Spring , and a celebration of the triumph of good over evil .
What that translates to in action is an enthusiastic dropping of inhibitions , as people chase each other and playfully splash colorful paint , powder and water on each other .
People also attend bonfires to commemorate the story of Prahlada , a Hindu figure and devout follower of Lord Vishnu who prevailed over his father and the demoness Holika with the power of his devotion .
Collected here are photos from this year 's Festival of Colors .
( 27 photos total
Just a couple decades ago , light bulbs were light bulbs .
No matter your budget , you really had only one choice when it came to interior lighting options for your home :
Head to the hardware store and pick up some incandescent bulbs , choosing a wattage based on how bright you needed the light to be .
But in recent years , technology has brought us bulbs -- namely , CFLs and LEDs -- that put incandescent lighting to shame .
Not only are these new options more energy efficient , they can also last years , or even decades , longer than the standard light bulb we all remember from our childhoods .
And while prices for LED light bulbs were astronomical when we first covered this topic just a few years ago -- upwards of $ 100 for one bulb -- you can now pick up a cheap , 60 - watt - equivalent LED light bulb for less than $ 5 .
That ’s probably why incandescent light bulbs are being phased out :
An almost complete ban on their sale started in 2014 and will take full effect in 2020 .
Simply put , they waste a lot of energy and do n't last very long .
As incandescent light bulbs around the country burn out for the last time , let 's look at the other options available .
Cost will obviously be a factor as you make your decision , but there are other variables you should consider as well .
CFL vs. LED Light Bulbs :
What ’s the Difference ?
Let ’s examine the two most popular new light bulb options , CFLs and LEDs , and look at the advantages and disadvantages that come with each .
CFLs : Compact Fluorescent Lights
According to EnergyStar.gov , CFLs work differently than incandescent bulbs in that , instead of running an electric current through a wire filament , they drive an electric current through a tube that contains argon and mercury vapor .
This process creates ultraviolet light that quickly translates into visible light , unlike incandescent lights which put off a warm glow .
The big difference between CFLs and incandescent bulbs is how much energy it takes to use them over time .
CFLs use about 70 % less energy than incandescent bulbs .
They also last years longer than traditional bulbs , and only cost about a dollar more per bulb .
However , one of the biggest drawbacks of CFLs is that it takes a few moments for them to warm up and reach full brightness .
That means they ’re not ideal in spots where you want lots of light as soon as you flip the switch , such as a dark , steep basement stairway .
They also cannot be used with a dimmer switch .
Plus , modern CFLs contain a small amount of mercury , which is very harmful to both your health and the environment .
That means it ’s bad news to break one ( here 's how to clean it up safely if you do ) , and they should n't be disposed of in your regular household trash ( here 's how to recycle them ) .
LEDs : Light - Emitting Diodes
Light - emitting diodes , or LEDs , were for years most commonly found in small electronic displays , such as the clock on your cable box .
Because the light emitted by each tiny LED is directional and fairly weak , household LED bulbs were on the fringe of mainstream technology just a few years ago .
According to the Lighting Research Center , LED light bulbs work by bringing together currents with a positive and negative charge to create energy released in the form of light .
The result is a fast source of light that is reliable , instantaneous , and able to be dimmed .
What sets LEDs apart from incandescent bulbs and CFLs is just how long they can last .
According to Consumer Reports , LED light bulbs can last anywhere from 20,000 to 50,000 hours , or up to five times longer than any comparable bulb on the market .
But that combination of efficiency and durability has historically come at a cost .
LEDs cost more money than CFLs and incandescent bulbs .
The good news , however , is that their price has dropped considerably over the years .
Where once it was common to pay $ 50 or even $ 100 for an LED light bulb , they 're now available for about $ 8 a bulb on Amazon .
IKEA sells its own 60W - equivalent LED light bulbs for just $ 5 , and Home Depot is reportedly running a promotion in May that will discount Philips LED light bulbs to as low as $ 2.50 per bulb .
Comparing Costs : CFLs vs. LEDs
When most people need to replace their light bulbs , cost is the biggest factor in their decision .
But the actual cost includes more than just the upfront price of each bulb you buy ; you should also factor in how much each option will cost to operate over the years .
As with most things , it turns out a bit of money spent today can often lead to substantial savings in the long run .
Buying one quality bulb that lasts decades is less expensive in the long run than buying a dozen or more cheaper ones that keep burning out .
And then there 's the cost of the electricity used to light the bulb : Utility prices vary by state and by season , of course , but in 2013 residential electricity customers paid an average of 12 cents per kilowatt hour in the United States .
Both CFLs and LEDs use considerably less electricity than traditional bulbs .
Here ’s how much each type of bulb would cost to purchase and operate over a 25,000 - hour lifespan ( about 23 years at three hours per day ) :
Incandescent CFL LED
Approximate cost per bulb $ 1 $ 2 $ 8 or less Average lifespan 1,200 hours 8,000 hours 25,000 hours Watts used 60 W 14W 10W No. of bulbs needed for 25,000 hours of use 21 3 1 Total purchase price of bulbs over 23 years $ 21 $ 6 $ 8 Total cost of electricity used ( 25,000 hours at $ 0.12 per kWh ) $ 180 $ 42 $ 30 Total operational cost over 23 years $ 201 $ 48 $ 38
As you can see , buying longer - lasting , more efficient light bulbs can really pay off over time .
Over a 23 - year period , it will cost you over $ 200 ( and many trips to the hardware store ) to keep one 60 - watt lamp lit with incandescent bulbs .
By comparison , it would cost just $ 48 using a handful of CFLs , or $ 38 using a single LED light bulb -- a savings of more than $ 150 either way .
How Much Could You Save ?
Now consider that those savings are from just one bulb .
Think about the number of lights in your house -- some fixtures , like chandeliers or ceiling fans , probably even use three bulbs or more .
If you replaced 20 incandescent bulbs with LED light bulbs throughout your home , you could save up to $ 3,260 over their 23 - year lifespan ( and that 's assuming utility rates do n't rise ) .
Still , you do n't even have to make that big of a commitment to realize some significant savings .
Switching just the five most - used lights in your home -- for instance , the lights in your living room , kitchen , and entryway , which are probably in use closer to four hours a day -- could save you around $ 44 a year on your electric bill .
You could upgrade and put that purchase on a credit card with great cash back rewards to save even more – just remember to pay off the balance each month to avoid interest .
Other Ways to Compare CFL vs. LED Light Bulbs
Let 's put cost aside for a moment and look at these lighting options based solely on quality and other important factors .
Here are some pros and cons of CFLs vs. LEDs :
CFL Light Bulbs
Pros :
Use less energy than incandescent bulbs
Cost less than LED light bulbs
Produce extremely bright light that spreads evenly
Available in soft , warm , and bright white hues
Cons :
Cannot be used with a dimmer switch
Take a few moments to heat up and reach full brightness
Contain mercury , a toxic heavy metal
Can be sensitive to cold temperatures
LED Light Bulbs
Pros :
Light up immediately , like an incandescent bulb
Do n’t heat up much at all - they stay cool to the touch even after use
Last up to five times longer than CFLs ; can literally last a lifetime
No sensitivity to cold temperatures
Do not contain mercury
Some models can be used with a dimmer switch
Available in soft , warm , and bright white hues
Cons :
Directional light that may not spread as evenly as other sources
Currently cost more than CFLs
CFL vs. LED Light Bulbs : Who Wins ?
After conducting research using my own personal experience and expert sources like Consumer Reports and EnergyStar.gov , I ’ve concluded that it ’s hard to beat the value offered by modern LEDs .
Not only are their prices getting more affordable every day , they also lasts up to decades longer than the competition .
With soft and warm white hues that mimic the glow of traditional incandescent bulbs , the ability to use some models with a dimmer switch , and their instantaneous illumination , LEDs are simply a better option around the house than CFLs .
It ’s Your Home , Your Choice
The bottom line : Sometime in the very near future , you probably wo n’t be able to buy any more incandescent light bulbs , even if you wanted to .
If you 're not one to embrace change , that might seem rather depressing .
However , you do have a few options .
You can either :
Run out to the score and stock up on a few decade ’s worth of the cheap , inefficient bulbs you ’re used to .
Slowly replace burned - out bulbs with low - cost CFLs , while taking special care to dispose of them properly 10 years down the road .
Gradually replace your old bulbs with LEDs that may last a lifetime .
Personally , I would choose what ’s behind door No. 3 . Prices for LEDs are lower than they ’ve ever been ( and continue to get more competitive ) , and they are the most durable , efficient home lighting option on the market .
It ’s hard to argue against a product that more than pays for itself in energy savings and might last for the rest of your life .
You do n’t have to make a huge commitment now .
If you want , you can upgrade to more efficient lighting one room at a time , or as old light bulbs burn out .
Or start with installing an LED light bulb in a hard - to - reach spot , like a cathedral ceiling fixture , since you wo n't have to replace it for many , many years .
There is no right or wrong way to make the switch .
But the sooner you do , the sooner you 'll start saving .
Spanish Judge Probes Bush Torture Editor ’s Note : Spain ’s renowned investigative judge Baltasar Garzon has taken the first steps in a criminal investigation of six senior Bush administration lawyers who were involved in creating the legal framework for the torture of “ war on terror ” suspects .
This stunning news made it onto page 6 of the New York Times as a prominent story , but the Washington Post noted it only as an “ Around the World ” brief on page 11 , as much of the big U.S. media and Official Washington continue to avert their eyes from the deepening torture scandal , as David Swanson notes in this guest essay : Spain has begun a criminal investigation into six of Bush and Cheney 's torture lawyers , and our own Justice Department has got some ' splaining to do .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
You see , it 's actually required by our laws and by international law and treaties that we prosecute our own torturers .
It 's not optional .
It does n't matter whether our television stations can handle more than one news story at a time , or whether our President wants to avoid anything that might limit presidential power , or whether Eric Holder thinks this is a good year for torture prosecutions .
It 's not optional .
Spain is enforcing the law because we are illegally failing to .
Spain is child services come to tell us we 're not running our household legally , and Spain is obviously right .
Of course Americans want prosecutions , but we have failed to compel our government to do what we want .
In the absence of anyone to thank in Washington , we should thank Spain .
We should send thank you notes to their courts and newspapers .
Those of us who can vacation abroad should do so in Spain .
We should buy products from Spain , eat Spanish food , and learn to speak Spanish , because our basic values are not spoken in English anymore .
Well , American English anyway ( the language of " enhanced interrogation techniques " and " looking forward , rather than backward " ) .
Britain , too , has begun a criminal investigation .
Here are the people likely to soon be indicted in Spain , as listed in the criminal complaint , people now at serious risk of arrest if they leave the United States :
• David Addington , 103 W Maple Street , Alexandria , VA 22301-2605 , USA [ This is a few blocks from the King Street Metro Stop and yet shamefully not a regular location for protests or citizen 's arrests . ]
• Jay S. Bybee , United States Court of Appeal for the Ninth Circuit , The James R. Browning Courthouse , 95 7th Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 , USA [ This is a giant marble building in the center of the city represented in Congress by the Speaker of the House , and yet this man is neither impeached nor protested . ]
• Douglas Feith , Senior Fellow , Hudson Institute , 1015 15th Street , N.W. , 6th Floor , Washington , DC 20005 , USA [ This is three blocks from the White House and one block from the Washington Post , and yet this man is left in peace . ]
• William J Haynes , Chief Corporate Counsel , Chevron Headquarters , 6001 Bollinger Canyon Road , San Ramon , CA 94583 , USA [ OK , This is on the outskirts of the same Bay Area that can't be bothered about Bybee overturning the decisions of decent judges in the middle of downtown , so Haynes ' domestic immunity is understandable .
Unless you read about what he did . ]
• John Yoo , UC Berkeley School of Law , 215 Boalt Hall , Berkeley , CA 94720-7200 , USA .
[ This is the one guy American society seems to have found a modicum of the appropriate distaste for , to the extent that he is no longer tolerated in Berkeley , but can be found and protested in Orange County , Calif . ]
• Alberto R. Gonzáles , P.O. Box 9932 - McLean , VA , 22102-0932 , USA .
[ Reportedly he can't find a job , he was forced out of office under threat of impeachment , and a pretense was made of investigating him .
But he would live happily ever after if it were up to Washington , D.C. ]
Now , it seems highly likely to me that Spain left Bush and Cheney out of this list due to simple fear of power .
They did n't have the nerve , although the chief judge involved has written in the past about Bush 's criminality .
Baltasar Garzón wrote last year that Bush should face war crimes charges .
But he apparently believes that he can get there in steps more easily than he can start at the top .
[ For more on this logic , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ First , Jail All Bush ’s Lawyers . ” ]
So where did Spain come up with all the evidence in its lengthy complaint against the six lawyers , and how has all of that evidence been kept secret from the U.S. media ?
Well , as it happens , it 's all been publicly available for quite some time .
It would be very difficult to argue that there is not probable cause to begin a criminal investigation , so nobody does argue it .
The U.S. media simply avoids it .
The trick will be in maintaining the silence .
What if Eric Holder were to hold a press conference and let an actual reporter in the room ?
When the Senate Armed Services Committee releases its full report on torture , will it be possible to avoid the realization that everything that we and Spain had before PLUS the new stuff justifies and requires the appointment of a special prosecutor ?
When the Department of Justice 's Office of Professional Responsibility releases its long buried report , will it be possible to maintain that night is still day and up is still down ?
When the Justice Department releases more memos on April 2nd that were used to sanction torture , will anyone in power in Washington finally be moved to speak ?
When each newly released prisoner tells his story , will it be possible each time to completely avoid the question of prosecuting the criminals ?
Maybe it will .
But if Spain indicts , it will be worth remembering -- and reminding Spain -- that President Obama considers rendition to be a " legal " activity .
David Swanson is the author of the upcoming book Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union .
He is co-founder of AfterDowningStreet.org .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
THE official slogan for the 2012 Olympics will be ' London , City of Fucking Sport and Shit ' , mayor Boris Johnson has confirmed .
Mr Johnson insisted the foul - mouthed slogan not only encapsulated London 's status as one of the world 's great cities but emphasised that it would ' host the fuck out of the Olympics ' .
The mayor said a number of slogans were considered including ' London Two Thousand and Fucking Twelve ' , and ' It 's the Olympics , Get Your Arse on the Fucking Plane ' .
Mr Johnson was joined at the launch by Beijing gold medallists Rebecca Adlington and cyclist Sir Chris
Hoy who he described as ' fast as fuck on a bike ' .
He added : " Fuck me if the London Olympics are not going to be absolutely cocktastic .
The city will be filled with fuckers from every corner of the globe . "
Mr Johnson insisted the Olympic construction projects were proceeding according to schedule , adding : " Then again it 's not like I 'm some kind of fucking architect .
" I told them I 'm not good on the fucking details , so they could tell me any old shit and I 'd be like , ' great , whatever , just get it fucking done ' . "
He added : " I have to say I did like the one about the plane , so we may use that in a couple of these stupid fucking brochures and bung it somewhere on the cocking website as well . "
Rory Cellan- Jones
I had one of the biggest shocks of my journalistic career the other evening - though I speak as someone who has led an unusually sheltered life - and my experience raises a few issues about the trust we put in new web services .
I 'd been touring various BBC studios , talking about a breaking story , the YouTube row with songwriters which led to the blocking of music videos .
In each studio , I took a picture on my phone - and then uploaded it to Twitter using a service called Twitpic .
An activity that some of you , no doubt , will regard as fatuous - but part of the way I keep a record of my daily activities and share it with anyone who is interested .
All went well , until I uploaded a third picture - of the BBC news channel set - and returned to my desk to find various startled messages on Twitter :
" Think that might be a wrong picture Rory and you might want to look at it ASAP . "
" Are you really sure about that photo ? "
" Please tell me twitpic has confused your photo with someone else 's ? "
" You might want to check that last link ! "
So I did check that last link - and instead of an inoffensive picture of a BBC studio , it was a shot of a young woman wearing nothing but a smile , in a pose that can only be described as extremely post - watershed .
I let out a startled yelp , and went into a flurry of action , deleting the " Tweet " , and the offending " Twitpic " , and changing my passwords , assuming I 'd been hacked .
Then I set off to find out what had happened .
A number of other people contacted me to say they too had uploaded pictures to Twitpic , only to find that someone 's else 's shot had appeared - though they had all been innocuous images .
Twitpic , it turns out , is nothing to do with Twitter - it's a third party application which has latched onto the expanding population of Twitterers , giving them a quick and easy way to link to photos .
It 's integrated into various " tweeting " applications , like Tweetie and Twhirl , which makes it all the more popular .
It was used to upload the most famous Twitter picture to date , the shot taken by Janis Krums of the plane which landed on the Hudson .
I managed to track down the man behind Twitpic , Noah Everett .
He was , as you 'd expect , extremely apologetic .
He explained that I had n't , as I 'd feared , been hacked - but instead had been the victim of what he described as " a random bug " that sometimes gets a user 's photo mixed up with someone else's .
I hope the bugs get sorted out .
I had been planning to use it to raise money in the Red Nose Day appeal , taking shaky phone pictures of various BBC personalities , and getting Twitter and Facebook users to guess who they are .
In the circumstances I 'm using another application - mobypicture - to upload the pictures .
( Head here if you 're interested ) .
But yet again I 'm putting my trust in a social web application , which is obviously a risky thing to do .
I 've long realised that social networking is a public activity and you can't put anything online - thoughts , images , jokes - without assuming that you are giving that data to the entire world .
What I had n't realised is that you could be at risk of showing someone else 's data , however offensive , on the web in your name .
And that is really very frightening .
Your favorite swindler ’s favorite swindler .
The success of some movies is easy to account for — maybe it ’s star power , or good reviews , or the fandom associated with a popular franchise .
Others benefit from appealing to niches or being released on slow weekends during which moviegoers have no better options .
But , sometimes there ’s another class of blockbuster whose grosses ca n’t be predicted by even the wisest of box - office sages .
For example , who could possibly have anticipated Paul Blart : Mall Cop ’s explosive , $ 39 million opening weekend ?
Certainly not Sony Pictures , who admitted in yesterday ’s LA Times that they barely thought it ’d make half that .
And now , as their movie Segways speedily toward $ 100 million , it ’s finally helped give a catchy name to all films with outsize profits and similarly awfulsome premises : Blarts .
So how does one identify a Blart ?
Sometimes they feature the Rock as an NFL star who unexpectedly becomes the father of an 8 - year old and must , for some reason , perform ballet ( The Game Plan , $ 90 million domestic ) .
Others star Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy as members of the same biker gang ( Wild Hogs , $ 168 million ) .
Did your movie earn $ 94 million with a cast that included George Lopez as the voice of a dog ( Beverly Hills Chihuahua ) , or $ 217 million , thanks to a trailer that featured computer - generated rodents eating their own poo ( Alvin and the Chipmunks ) ?
Congratulations — you Blarted !
The only things Blarts usually share are family - friendliness , an inexplicably enormous gross , and a screenplay that seems like it was probably submitted on a dare ( also , it helps if a participating actor publicly refers to it as a “ piece of shit ” ) .
Box - office analysts most often attribute the world - rocking success of Blarts to people ’s need for escapism during an economic crisis .
Really , though , they do n’t know any better than anyone else what elevates just a normal , inane - sounding movie to full - fledged Blart status —
Blart fans are as unpredictable as the wind .
Why has Blartness eluded such films as Space Chimps or Hotel For Dogs ?
No one knows .
What will the next Blart be ?
Impossible to say .
Thanks to Mall Cop , though , when the next $ 200 million movie starring Ray Romano as a third grader , or a chimpanzee who becomes the secretary of agriculture , comes along , at least we ’ll know what to call it .
’ Paul Blart : Mall Cop ’ was underestimated [ LAT ]
The job was everything .
It let you sleep at night .
It gave you the floor to step upon each morning out of bed .
It hot - wired you into the world waiting outside the front door .
The job was life itself .
The job was you .
And then it was gone .
For millions of laid - off Americans , life in recession has become a knife edge between a meaningful past and a menacing future .
Some are starting over in new positions , careers or area codes .
Many others are stuck , facing more competition for fewer jobs , questioning their self - worth , up all night and down all day .
As part of a project called Pink Slip 2.0 that will explore the plight of Silicon Valley ’s newly unemployed , the Mercury News today begins following the lives of three people coming to grips with losing their jobs : aviation - services worker Kris Rowberry , software test engineer Roopa Govindarajan and bookkeeper Elise Sandusky .
Each of the three , chosen from among dozens of applicants to reflect the diversity of the valley , is unique — the local kid trying to get a toehold in a career he ’s been drawn to since childhood .
The Indian - born engineer , juggling her professional passion with her love of being a mother .
And the laid - off number - cruncher whose spirit seems almost invincible .
Through stories , multimedia , an online blog and social - networking tools like Twitter , we ’ll accompany them as each navigates the unforgiving terrain of joblessness in 2009 .
Will Rowberry ’s dream of finding an airport job mean leaving his hometown behind ?
Will the hit to Govindarajan ’s self - esteem get in the way of putting herself back in the job market ?
And will Sandusky , who had an upbeat interview last week , get a job offer Monday ?
In the coming weeks , we ’ll follow along as the three scour job boards , agonize over whether to go back to school or simply cope with the pressures of putting food on the table and maintaining healthy relationships with their loved ones .
It ’s a world many find themselves in right now .
In Silicon Valley , where the unemployment rate hit double digits last month for the first time in decades , thousands of job seekers are struggling to stay afloat financially , even as they veer through an emotional storm of doubts , disappointments and disbelief .
“ I ’m having a lot of trouble finding that middle ground , ” says Rowberry , a 25 - year - old San Jose native who lost his job in January .
“ Being laid off crushes you .
You feel like you ’re not good enough .
Other people are still working .
Why not me ? ”
The software engineer
Sometimes she looks at her kids , the 6 - year - old and especially the 21 - month - old in her arms , and it all bubbles up : the feeling that she “ let them down , ” the fear that she ’s “ not as valuable as I thought I was . ”
And inside Roopa Govindarajan ’s heart it all blurs together : the job she lost , the children she loves and the scary spaces in between .
It ended on Jan. 29 , the day after the e-mail from the Citrix Systems CEO echoed a string of buzz phrases now lodged in the new American lexicon like chicken bones — “ workforce reduction , ” “ severance pay ” and “ outplacement services . ”
“ I gave the company my heart and soul , ” says Govindarajan , 32 , a lead software test engineer who started at Citrix in 2006 , took maternity leave for part of 2007 , was allowed to work part time into late 2008 and was hoping to return to full time when the no-time ax fell .
“ Very hard , ” she says .
“ Very depressing .
I thought I ’d be spared .
I could n’t speak for a couple of minutes .
My hands were shaking .
I wanted to cry .
I wanted to get the pain out of my heart . ”
Job hunting can be a humbling and lonely enterprise .
For Govindarajan , a native of Chennai , India , the ordeal is compounded by two things :
First , she feels the rationale for her layoff was never fully explained .
( A Citrix spokesman did not return calls from the Mercury News . )
Second , with a recession swelling the jobless ranks , she knows fate picked a lousy time to cut her off from a job she loved .
Govindarajan , who earned an engineering degree in India , has applied to go back to college , figuring an upgraded skill set will help her once the economy recovers .
But in the meantime , she jerks backward and forward in a job - seeking existence that can feel like a sputtering engine :
On one hand , “ I watch a lot of TV , to take my mind off it all . ”
On the other : “ I do n’t want to sit at home .
I need to pursue something .
I need to learn . ”
Her husband works full time , but Govindarajan has had to cut back on family expenses and dip into her savings .
Recently , she has stuck her toes back into the water .
“ I ’ve started using Facebook and LinkedIn and Twitter , ” a micro-blogging tool increasingly popular with job hunters .
She ’s also trying to network and socialize face - to - face , including with friends still working at Citrix .
“ We got together for lunch one day , but afterward it was hard to see them all going back to work as I was going home alone . ”
Still , there are those moments when she looks at her kids .
And even though that nagging sense of disappointment is hard to overcome , “ Sometimes , looking at them , I feel hope . ”
The bookkeeper
It can feel like a near - death experience , being told your job is over .
For 44 - year - old Elise Sandusky , laid off Feb. 2 from a San Jose produce company she ’d done the books for since July , the end came early on a Monday morning while her computer was still booting up .
“ My supervisor said we needed to talk .
He said , ‘ Business is slow ; I have to lay you off . ’
It was crazy , ” says Sandusky , mother of two grown kids .
“ I was sitting there almost pleading for my job .
I thought , ‘ I ca n’t afford to be laid off . ’ “
Just like that , it was over .
And just like that , her recovery began .
“ I wo n’t let myself get depressed .
I know those feelings are there inside me , but I refuse to let them control me .
I have a son in college .
My husband works 40 - plus hours a week .
We ca n’t survive on unemployment . ”
This is what moving on looks like : Up at 6:30 a.m. , robe on and hair into ponytail , sit before the computer most of the day .
Go through e-mails , hit HotJobs , CareerBuilder and Monster.com , fire off résumés .
Maybe drive the area surrounding her mobile home on Monterey Road , jotting down the addresses of nearby businesses , then check the computer to see if any are hiring bookkeepers .
Break for dinner .
Then back to the computer once more .
The job search has her sending out résumés until midnight before collapsing on the sofa , sleepless sometimes until 3:30 a.m .
She ’s applied for more than 1,000 positions , and while a few leads seem promising , she does n’t want to get her hopes up .
She could worry all day long if she let herself : son Ryan still at home , a student at West Valley College ; husband Duane , a master technician for Ford , himself part of an industry in convulsions ; the mobile home up for sale , but no offers ; the two rental properties nearly under water .
“ For now , we can cover the difference between the mortgages and the rents , ” she says .
“ But we ’ll get to a point where it ’s like , do you pay the credit cards or do you eat ? ”
Some days , she ca n’t take it anymore .
“ Job hunting is more physically draining than a real job .
Sometimes , looking at that computer makes me sick to my stomach .
Last week , I took the day off and visited friends .
I relaxed in a way , but I kept thinking , ‘ What am I missing on the job boards ? ’
It ’s always there in my head . ”
The aviation technician
He was watching the History Channel on Jan. 2 when he got the text : Kris , call the boss .
Born 25 years ago in San Jose , Kris Rowberry graduated from prestigious Bellarmine College Prep .
But after his mother died suddenly from cancer in 2004 , he put off college , and was soon pursuing a lifelong dream of working on and around airplanes .
“ Since I was a kid , I ’ve always loved flying , ” he says .
“ I first flew in a Cessna at age 12 , and taking off and landing was a huge rush . ”
For the past two years , Rowberry worked as a line service technician for an aviation firm at San Jose ’s airport , fueling and servicing the private jets with big - name flight manifests like the San Jose Sharks .
Then he clicked on the text message .
“ I thought I ’d screwed up somehow when the boss took me into the conference room .
Less business in Silicon Valley , he told me , so fewer private jets .
Driving home , I was shellshocked . ”
He called his father , a county sheriff ’s sergeant .
“ Dad , ” he said , “ I think I just got laid off . ”
And that was it .
“ I did n’t realize how much I ’d loved the job until it was gone . ”
Yet the memories are still there , high above his head .
“ I hear a plane and I can usually tell what it is by the engine noise .
I might be sitting at lunch , then I look up and hear a DC - 10 ’s drone .
Or a screecher will go by and I ’ll know it ’s a Piaggio because it sounds like a bumblebee . ”
He has joined Linked In , built out his online profile and “ found a lot of people from my past that I ’d forgotten about . ”
His searches have led to some possibilities , including jobs “ at places I had n’t thought about , like two positions at the airport in Watsonville . ”
For now , Rowberry is in a holding pattern , loving his unpaid volunteer work at the airport , enjoying more time with his dad , but aware of how a job loss can tap into a deeper pool of sorrow .
“ I think about my mom a lot these days .
Each loss brings up others .
In a way , it ’s like they ’re all connected . ”
The sound of airplanes he ’s not working on anymore can get him down at times .
Then again “ …
“ They remind me that it ’s not the end , ” he says .
“ Things are bad right now , but the planes are still up there .
I just have to find a way to get to them . ”
Contact Patrick May at pmay@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5689 .
The founder and software maker of the popular online gaming site , PartyGaming , has pleaded guilty to illegal internet gambling and will pay $ 300 million in fines .
Anurag Dikshit , the former director of Gibraltar - based PartyGaming , has agreed to cooperate with authorities probing the web - based gambling scene .
It 's illegal to allow those on American soil to access online wagering sites .
Under a deal with prosecutors , Dikshit faces a maximum two years behind bars under his Tuesday guilty plea to one count of violating the Wire Act.(.pdf )
Dikshit founded party gaming in 1997 .
In 2006 , Forbes magazine declared him the world 's 207th richest person .
The 37 - year - old Dikshit is a resident of the United Kingdom and Gibraltar .
He traveled to New York where he pleaded guilty Monday in federal court .
He is one of several operators and marketers of internet gambling concerns facing federal prosecution .
Specifically , Dikshit pleaded guilty to one count of using the wires to transmit bets and wagering information in interstate commerce .
The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement
Act of 2006 also prohibits credit - card companies from collecting payments for bets .
Under rules adopted last month by the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve , financial companies have until Dec. 1 , 2009 to " establish and implement policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to prevent payments to gambling businesses in connection with unlawful internet gambling . "
PartyGaming has stopped taking wagers from its estimated 900,000 U.S. players of poker , blackjack , roulette and other games of chance .
See Also :
The Ukrainian economy is rapidly approaching a sharp downturn .
The trigger of the decline is that the price of its main export good , steel , has been cut in half since August .
And with Ukraine having a large trade deficit to begin with , and with investor distrust of smaller currencies increasing , this has caused a run of the Ukrainian currency , the hryvnia , something which is aggravating an already dire situation .
After actually strengthening somewhat earlier in the year , the hryvnia have more or less fallen off a cliff in the latest month , losing almost a third of its value .
This decline have far more dreadful consequences for Ukraine than the declines in the pound or the Swedish krona has for the U.K. and Sweden , as Ukraine has a lot of foreign currency denominated debt ( mostly U.S. dollar and euro ) , which are rising in value as the hryvnia falls .
This creates a vicious circle more similar to the effects of the collapse of the Icelandic krona Meanwhile , real economic activity appears to be in a virtual collapse .
Industrial production in November fell 15.2 % compared to October and 28.6 % compared to November 2007 .
The Israeli blockade of Gaza has led to a steady rise in chronic malnutrition among the 1.5 million people living in the strip , according to a leaked report from the Red Cross .
It chronicles the " devastating " effect of the siege that Israel imposed after Hamas seized control in June 2007 and notes that the dramatic fall in living standards has triggered a shift in diet that will damage the long - term health of those living in Gaza and has led to alarming deficiencies in iron , vitamin A and vitamin D .
The 46 - page report from the International Committee of the Red Cross – seen by The Independent – is the most authoritative yet on the impact that Israel 's closure of crossings to commercial goods has had on Gazan families and their diets .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The report says the heavy restrictions on all major sectors of Gaza 's economy , compounded by a cost of living increase of at least 40 per cent , is causing " progressive deterioration in food security for up to 70 per cent of Gaza 's population " .
That in turn is forcing people to cut household expenditures down to " survival levels " .
" Chronic malnutrition is on a steadily rising trend and micronutrient deficiencies are of great concern , " it said .
Since last year , the report found , there had been a switch to " low cost / high energy " cereals , sugar and oil , away from higher - cost animal products and fresh fruit and vegetables .
Such a shift " increases exposure to micronutrient deficiencies which in turn will affect their health and wellbeing in the long term . "
Israel has often said that it will not allow a humanitarian crisis to develop in Gaza and the report says that the groups surveyed had " accessed their annual nutritional energy needs " .
But it warned governments , including Israel's , that " food insecurity and undernutrition , including micronutrient deficiencies " were occurring in the absence of " overt food shortages " .
A 2001 Food and Agriculture Organisation definition classifies " food security " as when " all people , at all times , have physical , social and economic access to sufficient , safe and nutritious food that meets their dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life . "
The Red Cross report says that " the embargo has had a devastating effect for a large proportion of households who have had to make major changes on the composition of their food basket . "
Households were now obtaining 80 per cent of their calories from cereals , sugar and oil .
" The actual food basket is considered to be insufficient from a nutritional perspective . "
The report paints a bleak picture of an increasingly impoverished and indebted lower - income population .
People are selling assets , slashing the quality and quantity of meals , cutting back on clothing and children 's education , scavenging for discarded materials – and even grass for animal fodder – that they can sell and are depending on dwindling loans and handouts from slightly better - off relatives .
In the urban sector , in which about 106,000 employees lost their jobs after the June 2007 shutdown , about 40 per cent are now classified as " very poor " , earning less than 500 shekels ( £ 87 ) a month to provide for an average household of seven to nine people .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The report quotes a former owner of a small , home - based sewing factory , who said he had laid off his 10 workers in July 2007 .
" Since then I earn no more than 300 shekels per month by sewing from time to time neighbours ' and relatives ' clothes .
I sold my wife 's jewellery and my brother is transferring 250 shekels every month ... I do not really know what to say to my children . "
Others said they were not able to give their children pocket money .
In agriculture , on which 27 percent of Gaza 's population depends , exports are at a halt and , like fisheries , the sector has seen a 50 per cent fall in incomes since the siege began .
Among the two - fifths classified as " very poor " , average per capita spending is down to 50 p a day .
In the fisheries sector , which has been hit by fuel shortages and narrow , Israeli - imposed fishing limits , " People 's coping mechanisms are very limited and those households that still have jewellery and even non-essential appliances sell them " .
The report says that if the Israeli - imposed embargo is maintained , " economic disintegration will continue and wider segments of the Gaza population will become food insecure " .
Arguing that the removal of restrictions on trade " can reverse the trend of impoverishment " , the Red Cross warns that " the prolongation of the restrictions risks permanently damaging households ' capacity to recover and undermines their ability to attain food security in the long term . "
The detailed Gaza fieldwork for the report was carried out between May and July .
An International Monetary Fund report confirmed in late September that the Gaza economy " continued to weaken " .
Mark Regev , the spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , said that , contrary to hopes when Israel pulled out of Gaza , the Gazan people were being " held hostage " to Hamas 's " extremist and nihilist " ideology which was causing undoubted suffering .
If Hamas focused resources on the " diet of the people " instead of on " Qassam rockets and violent jihadism " then " this sort of problem would not exist " , he said .
State Moves Toward Lighter Sentences for Potheads
By Scott Ross
The state Assembly has struck a blow for the state 's stoners by voting to repeal the Rockefeller drug laws that have threatened so many tokers with the wrong kind of joint .
[ NBCNewYork.com ]
Once again , we find the press struggling to cover drug policy reform without resorting to derogatory epithets :
This is really an achievement in childish drug reporting in that it not only sounds ridiculous , it actually renders the story utterly frivolous and misleading .
Marijuana arrests are a problem in New York to be sure , but simple possession is technically decriminalized already .
Rockefeller reform is primarily not about marijuana at all .
It 's about reforming wildly draconian sentencing guidelines for a variety of drug offenses .
Framing it as a marijuana policy reform is just wrong .
Many of the worst excesses of the Rockefeller laws have nothing at all to do with marijuana .
Sadly , it looks as though the author loved his dumb headline so much , he destroyed the entire story just so he could use it .
It 's pure journalistic malpractice .
Please take a moment to click over there and leave a polite comment .
The ninth video journal for Watchmen focuses on art direction .
The producer of Watchmen , Deborah Snyder , starts the presentation , followed by sets of decorator Jim Erickson , responsible for the objects from the scene Jimmy Chow , director Zack Snyder and co-producer Wesley Coller .
The five discuss all the little details that make with that the world of comics get life in screens .
By Detector | 17 February 2009
HTC introduce Magic – the second HTC Android phone and it ’s going to be exclusive to Vodafone .
The new phone comes with Google Cupcake update and support for virtual keyboard .
Now , HTC can benefit from virtual keyboard and make slimmer mobile device with Android usability .
The new Magic phone has 3.2 inch touchscreen and also include trackball for simple one hand navigation through the menus .
Cupcake update will bring video capture and stereo Bluetooth support so the Android is upgrading with great features except advanced touchscreen controls that are Apple iPhone patented and is not possible to integrate it without braking the patent .
The HTC Magic hardware improvements are : autofocus 3.2 megapixel camera , 7.2 Mbps HSDPA 3G data access , Bluetooth and USB connectivity .
The platform is based on Qualcomm 7201A with a 528 Mhz CPU , 192 MB of RAM and 512MB ROM memory .
The are no information ’s about final date release or price for HTC Magic .
Tags | Gadgets , Hardware , Mobile , Technology News
" ... no one believed his answer to the ' So what do you do ? ' question : ' I sell potato peelers on the street . ' "
If you live in New York or have visited as a tourist , it 's more than likely you 've seen the compelling salesmanship of Joe Ades , vegetable - peeler extraordinaire .
Mr. Ades died on Sunday .
He was 75 .
Mr. Ades ' five - minute pitch was hypnotic , and whenever I saw him on a corner — in Midtown , at Union Square ( he had various favorite locations ) —
I 'd always stop to watch , even though I 'd seen his spiel countless times and even though I had already bought a couple of his peelers .
( They really do work well and , as he claimed , mine has never needed sharpening . )
With bins full of vegetables , Ades would demonstrate the utility of the stainless steel Swiss peeler that made him a wealthy man ( " one for $ 5 , two for $ 10 , five for $ 20 " ) .
He 'd deftly remove the eyes from potatoes and show how easy it was to julienne carrots or to slice them into stars ( " you do that for the kids and they 'll eat their veggies " ) .
[ A video of Mr. Ades in action appears after the jump . ]
Always nattily dressed in a suit and tie , no matter the weather , Ades was the subject of numerous magazine and newspaper articles that recounted his almost Dickensian trajectory from Manchester , England , to the streets of New York City .
As the New York Times says in Mr. Ades ' obituary :
His was a particular kind of street theater in a city that delights in in - your - face characters who are , and are not , what they seem .
For he was the sidewalk pitchman with the Upper East Side apartment .
The sidewalk pitchman who was a regular at expensive East Side restaurants , where no one believed his answer to the “ So what do you do ? ” question : “ I sell potato peelers on the street . ” Mr. Ades ( pronounced AH - dess ) died on Sunday at 75 , said his daughter , Ruth Ades Laurent of Manhattan .
She said he never talked about how many peelers he sold in a year , or how many carrots he had sliced up during demonstrations .
She said he stashed his inventory in what had been the maid ’s room of the apartment .
So entrancing was his pitch that I 'd always wanted to muster the resources of Serious Eats and do a short video documentary on Mr. Ades .
But like many of the city 's unofficial landmarks and quirky treasures we take for granted , he passed from the scene far too early .
This video , though , captures the essence of this charming self - described grafter .
Our condolences go out to Mr. Ades ' family and friends .
He will be missed .
Joe Ades , the Peeler Guy of New York
Related
His Stage , the Street ; His Rapier , a Peeler [ New York Times ]
RIP Joe Ades , Union Square Peeler Peddler [ SE Talk ]
The Gentleman Grafter [ Vanity Fair ]
Perfect Pitch [ New York Daily News ]
Potato Peelers Put Him on Park Avenue [ MSNBC ]
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Top 10 Worst Jobs in USA
America Worst Jobs
If you think your job is bad , think twice … unless you ’ve got one of the “ worst ” jobs in America today .
It is n’t much of a surprise that many of these low - rated jobs overlap with the most dangerous jobs .
What ’s more , none have an annual salary above $ 40,000 .
JobsRated.com has released a comprehensive ranking of the worst occupations , based upon several key criteria , including salary , stress and physical demand .
What are the ten worst jobs in the country ?
10 . Iron Worker
This job requires you to work with hot metal , usually at great heights and for little reward .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics lists the median hourly income of Iron Workers below $ 20 .
Work can be irregular at times , because of bad weather , the short - term nature of construction jobs and economic downturns .
Beware :
This job category has the fourth - highest fatality rate in the country , at 61.0 deaths per 100,000 workers .
9. Roustabout
If you ’re not sure what a Roustabout is , you ’re probably not alone .
A relatively specialized field , roustabouts perform maintenance on oil rigs and pipelines , using hand and power tools .
The BLS expects the demand for roustabouts to decline slowly over the next decade .
Median Salary : $ 29,000
8. Welder
The job of a welder involves melting metal joints together , usually behind a protective mask and visor to prevent serious injury .
The BLS says only the top 10 percent of welders earn above $ 22.50 an hour .
7. Garbage Collector
No need to describe this one .
Although wages vary significantly based upon experience and responsibilities , the BLS lists median hourly earnings at just $ 13.93 .
Garbage collectors also rank as the sixth deadliest job in America , with a fatality rate of 41.8 per 100,000 jobs .
6. Roofer
The BLS reports that most job openings in this field “ arise from the need to replace those who leave the occupation because the work is hot , strenuous , and dirty , causing many people to switch to jobs in other construction trades . ”
With a median hourly wage of $ 15.51 , being a high - flying roofer is still near the bottom of the barrel .
5. Emergency Medical Technician
People ’s lives often depend on EMTs and other first responders , so they ’re on - call 24 hours a day , which tends to result in quite irregular hours .
Although wages vary by region , median annual pay is $ 27,070 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
4. Seaman
A broad category , it includes boat workers and fishermen , who tend to spend long periods of time at sea in cramped circumstances and poor weather conditions .
Fishermen also have the deadliest job in the country , with a 141.7 fatality rate per 100,000 .
Not the kind of odds most people would take for a median salary of $ 34,000 per year .
3. Taxi Driver
Although many taxi drivers and chauffeurs have extremely flexible schedules and generally work unsupervised , the job still ranks near the bottom .
The BLS estimates there are approximately 229,000 jobs of this nature in the country .
Although wages vary greatly based on location , type of company and amount of tips , the median hourly wage is $ 10.62 .
2. Dairy Farmer
Raising cattle for milk production entails strenuous labor , long hours and poor working conditions , Various government estimates put net income at just over $ 15,000 a year .
Wages do not include government subsidies and can vary with fluctuations in commodity prices and market demand .
1. Lumberjack
That ’s right , being a Lumberjack is the worst job in America , based upon the study by JobsRated.com .
These workers spend all their time outdoors , in poor weather , and often in isolated areas .
It ’s also the third most deadly occupation with a fatality rate of 82.1 per 100,000 jobs per year .
Long hours , a high - stress environment , strenuous work and low pay – often starting at minimum wage , with a median hourly wage at $ 13.80 – all contribute to make this the # 1 worst job in the country .
After seven years of hard work ( and generous funding from the US military ) , researchers from Harvard University have successfully developed a life - sized robotic fly .
Apparently , these robot flies will by used in militart surveillance operations .
Each robotic fly uses lightweight carbon joints that are capable of mimicking the exact movements of a real fly , featuring wings that flap to the tune of 110 beats per second .
With a wingspan of 3 cm though , it might look a tad suspicious .
I wonder whether it will be capable of evading the dreaded fly - swatter when remotely controlled .
Also , do the legs on this robotic fly share the same sticky grip of the real pest ?
Advertising
Filed in ..
Internal Impressions
Just as with every other SSD we have worked with , opening the Apex up to look inside is as easy as removing four corner screws .
As we have said in the past if you plan on doing this , please make sure you are grounded .
Taking the top off may not ruin your SSD like it will a regular drive ( unless you are in a clean room , in which case your spindle drive may just survive ) but a errant static charge can and will fry your precious data into paper weight uselessness .
Trust us , you do n’t want to hear that zapping sound .
The board layout is exactly the same as the one found on the G.Skill Titan .
At one end you have your SATA power and data connectors , with the small raid controller followed closely by the dual I/O controller chips and then two rows of four NAND MLC flash chips .
The other side of this PCB has another 8 chips soldered to it ( also in two rows of 4 ) ; making it for a grand total 16 NAND flash chipsAlso like the Titan , the I/O controller chips are JMicron model 602s .
As we have said in the past it really is amazing that these companies figured out a way to cram two full working SSDs into such a small 2.5 ” form factor package .
We really would have liked to have seen something else besides an updated and improved JMicron 602 used in the Apex , but the Titan did show that this is a decent and fairly potent combination .
Also like the Titan the RAID controller chip ( shown above ) is the JMB390 controller chip by JMicron .
This controller is a one - lane PCI Express to one - port Serial ATA II Host Controller which supports SATA II Gen2i and Gen2 m , as well as Native Command Queuing ( NCQ ) and Hot Plugging .
All in all it is small , low power RAID controller which is a very good fit for devices such as SSDs .
As you can see the NAND chips used in the Apex are same ones as used in the Patriot Warp v2 .
To be precise they are Samsung K9HCG08U5M - PCB0 which are 48 pin MLC Quad Die Package , 1st gen lead free ( ROHS compliant ) , 2.7V ~ 3.6V , 25 nanosecond NAND chips which have Dual nCE ( Dual Chipe Enable control ) & Dual R/nB ( Dual Ready / Busy Output ) .
This model is rated at a density of 64 Gbits or 8 GB per chip .
Above the model number we can see these were made in the 1st week of 2009 and below it we can see the batch number YCK8D6Q1 ( or at least what we assume is the batch number but is described by vaguely Samsung as “ Customer List Reference ” only ) .
When looking at these chips we are sure the biggest question on your mind is :
“ Why is the total capacity rated for only 120 GB and not its true 128GB ? ”
We assume the difference is for enhanced endurance as even when this drive is “ full ” it will still have 8GB of space for the wear level algorithms to work with .
To us , losing 8GB for the chance of increased durability and possibly peed is a good trade off .
All in all , OCZ has gone for a completely reference design for the APEX .
If you were to place the G. Skill Titan ’s PCB along side the OCZ Apex ’s PCB you would be hard pressed to tell them apart .
The only distinctive characteristic of the OCZ is the QA sticker on the back of the PCB .
Of course , you could also tell them apart by the size of the NAND chips used , but we are positive if we had access to a " 250 GB " OCZ Apex that it would be identical .
It is interesting that OCZ only rates their Apex drives for 120 and 250GB when they are obviously 128GB and 256GB .
We are also puzzled how OCZ can claim a faster speed for their Apex drives vs. the G.Skill Titan line when they are for all intents the same .
For now we are going to give OCZ the benefit of the doubt and assume the difference has to do with custom firmware which squeezes more power from the components .
This does make sense as OCZ has shown to have a lot of experience with SSDs and their capabilities .
Entrusting enterprise data to a storage provider 's online cloud may be no more risky than putting it in a proprietary storage platform in your own data center , according to some analysts and users .
But there are specific steps you should take to prevent problems .
Rebecca Wettemann , Nucleus Research
-- " Before you sign on , do a clear assessment of how difficult it is to get your data out . "
-- Find out if there are proprietary tools required to move your data .
-- Make sure you know about any fees for data migration .
-- Look for specific terms in the contract covering migration .
Henry Baltazar , The 451 Group
-- Ask for a provision that says you can get your data put on a removable hard drive and sent to you at the end of the contract .
Ben Woo , IDC
-- Do n't outsource primary storage .
Use a hybrid strategy so primary storage is rapidly available from in - house infrastructure .
--
Ask the same questions about your cloud provider 's data center as you would about your own : Backup routine ?
Generator ?
Greg McGovern , CTO , Adventist Health
--
Make sure the service fits your organization 's data management strategy .
-- Try to use open file formats if possible .
--
Go through regular exercises to make sure you can retrieve your data .
--
Make sure you get a service level agreement that suits how you 'll need to use the data .
-- " You should never outsource something until you are confident that they can actually take better care of your stuff than you can . "
DONEGAL COUNTY
Council is set to become what is believed to be the first local authority in Ireland to use water powered street lights .
The council ’s energy development officer Toni Needham said a private company had been contracted to install a “ hydro light ” on a footbridge over the River Finn in Ballybofey .
She said that once water levels drop a micro hydro - turbine will be installed under the bridge which links Jackson ’s Hotel and the scenic Drumboe Woods .
Water flowing downstream will pass through the 110 watt turbine and generate enough power to charge batteries which will run the 30 watt LED light on the bridge above .
The council is currently piloting a number of technologies as part of their programme for renewable and low energy lighting .
“ I think this will be the first in Ireland and it will be interesting to see how it works .
“ It can produce enough energy to power up to three lights .
However , we will just use one light at first , ” Ms Needham said .
The hydro unit cost € 3,000 .
The council provided € 50,000 in 2008 to pilot alternative energy lighting .
LH Ecotech Ltd in Co Laois has been contracted by the council to supply and install hydro and solar power lights on the Ballybofey bridge .
Ecotech joint - owner Jaune Henby said it had already installed two solar powered lights on the bridge and they are both working very well .
However , the hydro light in Ballybofey will be a first for the developing company .
“ We only have done tests on the hydro lights and have never installed one for a customer before .
However , we do know that they work , ” he said .
He explained that the turbine unit would generate enough power to run three lights on the bridge .
A small solar panel will also be fitted to the light as a back - up for the summer months and for when the water level of the river is too low .
Policy Continuity : Iran and Russia
The Europeans
The More Things Change …
While the Munich Security Conference brought together senior leaders from most major countries and many minor ones last weekend , none was more significant than U.S. Vice President Joe Biden .
This is because Biden provided the first glimpse of U.S. foreign policy under President Barack Obama .
Most conference attendees were looking forward to adramatic shift in U.S. foreign policy under the Obama administration .
What was interesting about Biden 's speech was how little change there has been in the U.S. position and how much the attendees and the media were cheered by it .
After Biden 's speech , there was much talk about a change in the tone of U.S. policy .
But it is not clear to us whether this was because the tone has changed , or because the attendees ' hearing has .
They seemed delighted to be addressed by Biden rather than by former Vice President Dick Cheney — delighted to the extent that this itself represented a change in policy .
Thus , in everything Biden said , the conference attendees saw rays of a new policy .
ConsiderIran .
The Obama administration 's position , as staked out by Biden , is that the United States is prepared to speak directly to Iran provided that the Iranians do two things .
First , Tehran must end its nuclear weapons program .
Second , Tehran must stop supporting terrorists , by which Biden meant Hamas and Hezbollah .
Once the Iranians do that , the Americans will talk to them .
The Bush administration was equally prepared to talk to Iran given those preconditions .
The Iranians make the point that such concessions come after talks , not before , and that the United States must change its attitude toward Iran before there can be talks , something Iranian Majlis Speaker Ali Larijani emphasized after the meeting .
Apart from the emphasis on a willingness to talk , the terms Biden laid out for such talks are identical to the terms under the Bush administration .
Now consider Russia .
Officially , the Russians were delighted to hear that the United States was prepared tohit the " reset button " on U.S. - Russian relations .
But Moscow cannot have been pleased when it turned out that hitting the reset button did not involve ruling out NATO expansion , ending American missile defense system efforts in Central Europe or publicly acknowledging the existence of a Russian sphere of influence .
Biden said , " It will remain our view that sovereign states have the right to make their own decisions and choose their own alliances . "
In translation , this means the United States has the right to enter any relationship it wants with independent states , and that independent states have the right to enter any relationship they want .
In other words , the Bush administration 's commitment to the principle of NATO expansion has not changed .
Nor could the Russians have been pleased with the announcement just prior to the conference that the United States would continue developing a ballistic missile defense ( BMD ) system in Poland and the Czech Republic .
The BMD program has been an issue of tremendous importance for Russians , and it is something Obama indicated he would end , or change in some way that might please the Russians .
But not only was there no commitment to end the program , there also was no backing away from long - standing U.S. interest in it , or even any indication of the terms under which it might end .
Given that the United States has asked Russia for a supply route through the former Soviet Union to Afghanistan , and that the Russians have agreed to this in principle , it would seem that that there might be an opening for a deal with the Russians .
But just before the Munich conference opened , Kyrgyzstan announced that Manas Air Base , the last air base open to the United States in Central Asia , would no longer be available to American aircraft .
This was a tidy little victory for the Russians , who had used political and financial levers to pressure Kyrgyzstan to eject the Americans .
The Russians , of course , deny that any such pressure was ever brought to bear , and that the closure of the base one day before Munich could have been anything more than coincidence .
But the message to the United States was clear : While Russia agrees in principle to the U.S. supply line , the Americans will have to pay a price for it .
In case Washington was under the impression it could get other countries in the former Soviet Union to provide passage , the Russians let the Americans know how much leverage Moscow has in these situations .
The U.S. assertion of a right to bilateral relations wo n't happen in Russia 's near abroad without Russian help , and that help wo n't come without strategic concessions from the United States .
In short , the American position on Russia has n't changed , and neither has the Russian position .
The most interesting — and for us , the most anticipated — part of Biden 's speech had to do with the Europeans , of whom the French and Germans were the most enthusiastic about Bush 's departure and Obama 's arrival .
Biden 's speech addressed the core question of theU.S. - European relationship .
If the Europeans were not prepared to increase their participation in American foreign policy initiatives during the Bush administration , it was assumed that they would be during the Obama administration .
The first issue on the table under the new U.S. administration is theplan to increase forces in Afghanistan .
Biden called for more NATO involvement in that conflict , which would mean an increase in European forces deployed to Afghanistan .
Some countries , along with the head of NATO , support this .
But German Chancellor Angela Merkel made it clear that Germany is not prepared to send more troops .
Over the past year or so , Germany has become somewhat estranged from the United States .
Dependent on Russian energy , Germany has been unwilling to confront Russia on issues of concern to Washington .
Merkel has made it particularly clear that while she does not oppose NATO expansion in principle , she certainly opposes expansion to states that Russia considers deeply within its sphere of influence ( primarily Georgia and Ukraine ) .
The Germans have made it abundantly clear that they do not want to see European - Russian relations deteriorate under U.S. prodding .
Moreover , Germany has no appetite for continuing its presence in Afghanistan , let alone increasing it .
NATO faces a substantial split , conditioned partly by Germany 's dependence on Russian energy , but also by deep German unease about any possible resumption of a Cold War with Russia , however mild .
The foundation of NATO during the Cold War was the U.S. - German - British relationship .
With the Germans unwilling to align with the United States and other NATO members over Russia or Afghanistan , it is unclear whether NATO can continue to function .
( Certainly , Merkel cannot be pleased that the United States has not laid the BMD issue in Poland and the Czech Republic to rest . )
Most interesting here is thecontinuity between the Bush and Obama administrations in regard to foreign policy .
It is certainly reasonable to argue that after only three weeks in office , no major initiatives should be expected of the new president .
But major initiatives were implied — such as ending the BMD deployment to Poland and the Czech Republic — and declaring the intention to withdraw BMD would not have required much preparation .
But Biden offered no new initiatives beyond expressing a willingness to talk , without indicating any policy shifts regarding the things that have blocked talks .
Willingness to talk with the Iranians , the Russians , the Europeans and others shifts the atmospherics — allowing the listener to think things have changed — but does not address the question of what is to be discussed and what is to be offered and accepted .
Ultimately , the issues dividing the world are not , in our view , subject to personalities , nor does goodwill ( or bad will , for that matter ) address the fundamental questions .
Iran has strategic and ideological reasons for behaving the way it does .
So doesRussia .
So does Germany , and so on .
The tensions that exist between those countries and the United States might be mildly exacerbated by personalities , but nations are driven by interest , not personality .
Biden 's position did not materially shift the Obama administration away from Bush 's foreign policy , because Bush was the prisoner of that policy , not its creator .
The Iranians will not make concessions on nuclear weapons prior to holding talks , and they do not regard their support for Hamas or Hezbollah as aiding terrorism .
Being willing to talk to the Iranians provided they abandon these things is the same as being unwilling to talk to them .
There has been no misunderstanding between the United States and Russia that more open dialogue will cure .
The Russians see no reason for NATO expansion unlessNATO is planning to encircle Russia .
It is possible for the West to have relations with Ukraine and Georgia without expanding NATO ; Moscow sees the insistence on expansion as implying sinister motives .
For its part , the United States refuses to concede that Russia has any interest in the decisions of the former Soviet Union states , something Biden reiterated .
Therefore , either the Russians must accept NATO expansion , or the Americans must accept that Russia has an overriding interest in limiting American relations in the former Soviet Union .
This is a fundamental issue that any U.S. administration would have to deal with — particularly an administration seeking Russian cooperation in Afghanistan .
As for Germany , NATO was an instrument of rehabilitation and stability after World War II .
But Germany now has a complex relationship with Russia , as well as internal issues .
It does not want NATO drawing it into adventures that are not in Germany 's primary interest , much less into a confrontation with Russia .
No amount of charm , openness or dialogue is going to change this fundamental reality .
Dialogue does offer certain possibilities .
The United States could choose to talk to Iran without preconditions .
It could abandon NATO expansion and quietly reduce its influence in the former Soviet Union , or perhaps convince the Russians that they could benefit from this influence .
The United States could abandon the BMD system ( though this has been complicated by Iran 's recent successful satellite launch ) , or perhaps get the Russians to participate in the program .
The United States could certainly get the Germans to send a small force to Afghanistan above and beyond the present German contingent .
All of this is possible .
What can't be achieved is a fundamental transformation of the geopolitical realities of the world .
No matter how Obama campaigned , it is clear he knows that .
Apart from his preoccupation with economic matters , Obama understands that foreign policy is governed by impersonal forces and is not amenable to rhetoric , although rhetoric might make things somewhat easier .
No nation gives up its fundamental interests because someone is willing to talk .
Willingness to talk is important , but what is said is much more important .
Obama 's first foray into foreign policy via Biden indicates that , generally speaking , he understands theconstraints and pressures that drive American foreign policy , and he understands the limits of presidential power .
Atmospherics aside , Biden 's positions — as opposed to his rhetoric — were strikingly similar to Cheney 's foreign policy positions .
We argued long ago that presidents do n't make history , but that history makes presidents .
We see Biden 's speech as a classic example of this principle .
I ’ve talked about Izzy .
I ’ve talked about Denny .
I ’ve even thrown in a comment or three about Alex .
But the confusion , and sometimes the aggravation , over the ghostly love affair and the “ maybe , but maybe not ! ” brain disorder surrounding the exhausting Izdennex storyline on Grey ’s Anatomy has nothing on the public awareness and education actor Kevin McKidd ’s character , Major Owen Hunt , has the potential to bring .
Although I do n’t think anyone ’s clearly stated it onscreen just yet , Hunt – Seattle Grace ’s newest Mc-something ( “ Badass ” ?
“ Manly ” ?
“ Kill - a - pig ” ?
I ’ve read so many ) – certainly seems to be bringing Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) to the charts .
Where some GA storylines have left a bit to be desired ( Rebecca / Ava and her borderline personality disorder ) and some have flat out flopped ( anyone remember that chainsaw - wielding emergency room patient a few seasons back , the one who got a quick prescription before he promptly removed his own leg ? ) , Major Hunt ’s character could very well be poised to successfully blend entertainment and mental health awareness .
To get a good grip on just how important it is for us to understand PTSD ( as if the current state of so many of our soldiers and war veterans is n’t enough ) , I ’ve solicited the help of PTSD survivor and seriously passionate advocate , Michele Rosenthal .
Read on !
~*~
Alicia Sparks :
All right Michele , you do n’t watch Grey ’s Anatomy ( gasp ! ) but surely you know what kind of buzz it generates each Thursday night .
When it comes to Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) awareness and education , what do you hope Shonda Rhimes and the rest of the GA writers do – or do n’t do – with Major Owen Hunt ’s character ?
Michele Rosenthal : Do n’t hate me because I ’m not a GA junkie !
I used to be , but then life got in the way : I was deep in my own PTSD experience when the series began and the hospital drama just was n’t something I could continue to watch .
I applaud Rhimes and the crew , though , for incorporating this growing mental health issue into the show .
Did you know that of the 1.64 million service members deployed by October 2007 approximately 300,000 veterans now suffer from PTSD ?
And that ’s just the diagnosed cases .
Add that number to the civilian estimate that suggests up to 20 % of people will experience some form of PTSD in their lifetime and the number jumps to over 30 million , so this is an extremely timely topic for GA to explore .
My greatest hope is that they show the variety of symptoms that manifest as PTSD , including re-experiencing traumatic events through flashbacks and nightmares ; avoidance of memories through diminished emotions and efforts to avoid any reminiscent or triggering details ; emotional numbing ; hyperarousal : irritability , anger , insomnia , exaggerated startle response ; and finally , the deep sense of isolation that PTSD experiencers suffer as a result of their symptoms and traumatic experience .
What I hope GA does not do is show exaggerated symptoms without exploring the thoughts , feelings and struggling psychological motivations behind the erratic actions .
GA has a unique opportunity here to educate viewers about PTSD .
I hope they approach that aspect of the storyline with great honor and care .
AS : Oh , Michele , like I could blame you for avoiding the abuse !
Moving on , in a recent Times Online article , Kevin McKidd stated it was “ brave to put a character who ’s suffering from post - traumatic trauma and is talking about a war that is still ongoing in a prime - time show . ”
Why do you believe McKidd thinks it ’s “ brave ” to include such characters and themes ?
MR : First , I think because PTSD is a hot topic right now .
As McKidd says , this character ’s history is in relation to the ongoing war – a war that is singlehandedly bringing PTSD to incredibly high levels in the military .
A show must tread carefully in how it presents this topic when there are real people and their families for whom this subject is going to hit very close to home .
Second , recently the Pentagon decided to award Purple Heart medals only to soldiers who do not have PTSD .
There ’s been a huge outcry in the media on both sides , so stepping into the PTSD camp and supporting the reality and honor of PTSD is a courageous act .
( Actually , it would be interesting for the show to pick up on this ‘ invisible wounds ’ debate . )
Finally , I think PTSD – any mental health issue – invites stigma .
The challenge is to portray a character with such subtlety and nuance that viewers see the humanity and say , I get that .
That ’s how I would feel .
In order to do this topic justice , GA must introduce a character whose emotions and behavior are such that an audience immediately feels compassion .
PTSD is a complex psychological ( and often physiological ) entity ; you ’d have to have courage to think you could write and inhabit a character who remains plausible in reality even while his experience is exactly driven by a complete disconnect from that reality !
AS : From what I understand , McKidd spent a considerable amount of time talking with experts who deal with veterans with PTSD while preparing for his role as Major Hunt .
It ’s pretty obvious that not all actors or even writers do this when creating roles that deal with mental health issues .
In what ways do you think or hope the research will help McKidd ’s portrayal as a veteran with PTSD ?
MR : I hope McKidd ’s portrayal shows the human side of PTSD , the side that aches , the side that questions , feels alone and gropes for ways to cope , manage and live with the demons PTSD unleashes inside .
In my own PTSD experience I was lucky that for the 25 years I was undiagnosed and suffering in innumerable ways that led to really difficult experiences for my family , they continued to stand by me .
It ’s very hard to love a person with PTSD , but I hope that McKidd ’s portrayal shows the person beneath the disorder so that viewers come to understand how much those of us with PTSD struggle , and how much we need people to support us even as we beg them to stay away .
AS : Is there one element or one symptom of PTSD you wish filmmakers , television writers , and actors would always remember to include ?
MR : The feeling of isolation .
The feeling that there ’s a large gap between you and the rest of the world , between you and yourself , between you and some joyful way of life .
PTSD ’s visible symptoms are so superficial compared to the pain , sorrow and despair that only deepens with this sense of being alone .
In all of the PTSD support groups in which I participate , and in the emails I get from my blog audience , the feeling of being different , alone , misunderstood , unreachable , incurable , etc. is always a big topic .
PTSD is not one simple symptom , it is the cumulative experience and that culminates in a strong sense of isolation , which leads to further alienation and inertia , which inhibits healing .
What all PTSD experiencers need to do to begin healing is to bridge that gap between themselves and the rest of the world .
I hope that any theatrical vehicle that includes PTSD delves into this incredibly deep and personal aspect of it so that audiences become aware of the importance of treating the isolation factor of PTSD as much as they treat the more visible symptoms .
AS : As someone who has experienced PTSD first hand , what do you think about the ways it ’s portrayed on television and in the movies ?
MR : I think there have been some good renderings of it , actually .
MTV’s True Life series recently had a show that focused on PTSD .
I liked their approach very much as they showed the struggle of PTSD along with the idea that we can make progress .
Certainly , Matt Damon ’s character had subtle PTSD symptoms in The Legend of Bagger Vance , and although PTSD was n’t explicitly addressed it was a nice illustration of , for example , the intrusion of a flashback when Damon hears the guns of war .
My PTSD friends would also add the following films and television shows that they feel appropriately present PTSD symptoms , situations and experiences : Apocalypse Now , Reign Over Me , In the Valley of Elah , Black Snake Moan , Between Heaven and Earth , and the character Olivia Benson on the show Law and Order SVU .
AS : When it comes to the media and mental illness of any sort , there ’s room for improvement ; however , every now and then there ’s a gem of a flick or plot line that goes beyond just being “ entertainment ” and actually works to educate people .
What is your favorite television show , movie , or even celebrity moment that did a good job of educating about or increasing awareness of PTSD ?
MR : I loved last summer ’s Jodie Foster flick , The Brave One .
After suffering a traumatic event Foster ’s character , Erica , goes through so many right - on phases of the PTSD downward spiral : shock , sadness , depression , and isolation into the deep hell of lethargy , nihilism and despair .
“ There is no going back , ” Erica says , “ to that other person , that other place .
This thing , this stranger , she is all you are now . ”
This is so true !
I remember thinking that myself for so many years .
And then , finally , Foster ’s character begins to pull herself together .
She ’s become agoraphobic , but slowly she inches closer and closer to the day she emerges back out into the city that has continued to bustle despite her experience .
She finds ways to optimize her life to accommodate her symptoms .
And then , she finds a way to appease her psychological state .
Now , I ’m not condoning the revenge killing spree she goes on !
But I like the metaphor of rising up to slay the demons once and for all .
I like that the character goes to the depths of despair and then resurfaces like a phoenix .
It ’s very inspiring , and very true , too : I think we all have the capacity to reach inside ourselves and find the strength we need to heal .
The question is , will we do it ?
Foster does , and I applaud that impulse .
AS : One of your goals with your blog , Parasites of the Mind , is to “ Bridge the Gap . ”
Tell us more about that slogan .
MR : Over a century ago , the French neurologist Jean - Martin Charcot described unintegrated traumatic memories as ‘ parasites of the mind ’ .
He believed that because of the timeless and fragmented nature of these memories PTSD experiencers remain tied to trauma as a present event , instead of being able to accept it as something belonging to the past .
To me , the biggest impact of trauma is that traumatic events cause a break in the narrative of our selves .
We know our identity as one person , and then it is shattered in a wide abyss in which we see ourselves as someone else .
We retreat from the world , and allow a great chasm to expand between us and our families , friends , colleagues and lovers ; between we who have suffered and those who have not .
The possibility of a normal , symptom - free life seems farther and farther away and as unreachable as the moon .
In order to heal , we must – we must – provide a way to move from one experience to the other , from whom we were Before , through whom we became After to whom we choose to be Now .
Healing comes when we make the effort to bridge all the gaps that trauma and PTSD cause .
When we do this , the traumatic experience becomes integrated into our consciousness .
Finally , it becomes a small part of the larger identity that we own .
This is the crux of healing ; this ability to bridge our experience , our understanding , our perceptions and interpretation of events and how they affect us is the key difference between letting trauma rule our lives , or ruling over the trauma in our lives forever .
AS : Are there any celebrities out there who you think help bridge that gap ?
MR : I think all of the celebrities who go public with their struggles and stories and challenges help to bridge the gap because they do , literally , bridge the gap between their private lives and the public ’s experiences , which can often help bridge the public ’s gap of isolation and knowledge .
When you see someone else struggle with ( and overcome ) exactly what you ’re dealing with it provides inspiration , hope and a model for action .
I think this is especially true of celebrities like Lance Armstrong and Sheryl Crowe who not only divulge their personal experiences but then go on to advocate for awareness , education , treatment and healing .
I wish someone would take on the cause of PTSD !
With all of your CP contacts , ca n’t you do something about that ?!
AS : Do n’t I wish !
Thanks so much for your time and insight , Michele !
It ’s truly been enlightening .
MR : It ’s been my pleasure , Alicia .
And thank you for giving me the opportunity to highlight this really important topic .
My goal with my healing PTSD blog and the PTSD advocacy organization I ’m founding ( check for the web site to go live by the end of March at www.healmyptsd.com) is to advance the idea that PTSD is not a terminal disorder ; it can be healed .
If I could suffer with PTSD in such deeply psychological and physical ways for 25 years – and get to where I am today : completely healed and PTSD - free – then there ’s hope for everyone .
It ’s my desire to help others not suffer as much or as long as I did , and to spread the word that it is possible to bridge the gap between PTSD and a joyful life .
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to do that .
I hope your readers will visit the blog and feel free to email me with questions , stories , struggles , challenges and successes .
We are all individual in our traumas , but our PTSD experience is universal .
There ’s no reason to feel alone ; together we can heal !
~*~
Michele Rosenthal is a survivor of trauma and chronic / extreme PTSD .
Now completely healed , she advocates for PTSD awareness , education , treatment , healing .
Michele blogs about healing PTSD at http://parasitesofthemind.blogspot.com.
She welcomes email at parasitesof.themind@yahoo.com .
Image Source : Save the Children per these Creative Commons License Attributions
By Angus Crawford
BBC News
Service providers will have to store information for 12 months Rules forcing internet companies to keep details of every e-mail sent in the UK are a waste of money and an attack on civil liberties , say critics .
From March all internet service providers ( ISPs ) will by law have to keep information about every e-mail sent or received in the UK for a year .
Human rights group Liberty says it is worried what will happen next .
The Home Office insists the data , which does not include e-mails ' content , is vital for crime and terror inquiries .
Some three billion e-mails are thought to be sent each day in the UK .
Safe keeping Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said ISPs already kept the information on a voluntary basis .
" The thing we have to worry about is what happens next because the government is already mooting plans not just to leave this stuff with the providers but to create a central government database where they hold all the information .
" I 'm afraid we just do n't trust any government or any organisation to keep that much very sensitive information about us all and to keep it safe . "
WHAT IS BEING PROPOSED ?
To keep details of every e-mail sent in the UK for a year Internet Service Providers will have to record who sent the email , to whom and when The e-mail 's content will not be stored Data can be accessed by more than 600 public bodies , such as the police and councils , if they make a valid request Part of a European Commission directive Critics of the new rules also include an association of internet service providers and computer experts .
Dr Richard Clayton , a security researcher at the University of Cambridge 's computer lab , said the money could have been better spent .
He said : " There 's going to be a record of every single e-mail which arrived addressed to you and all the e-mails you sent out via your ISP .
" That , of course , includes all the spam .
" I 'd have liked to see more bobbies on an electronic beat investigating internet crimes .
" There are much better things to do to spend our billions on than snooping on everybody in the country just on the off - chance that they 're a criminal . "
The new rules are due to come into force on 15 March , as part of a European Commission directive which could affect every ISP in the country .
HAVE YOUR SAY
What next ?
A copy of every letter you send ?
Adrian Mugridge , Chester
The firms will have to store the information and make it available to any public body which makes a lawful request , which could include police , local councils and health authorities .
To help set up the system the government may end up paying ISPs between £ 25 m and £ 70 m .
The rules already apply to telephone companies , which routinely hold much of the data for billing .
The Earl of Northesk , a Conservative peer on the House of Lords science and technology committee , said it meant anyone 's movements could be traced 24 hours a day .
" This degree of storage is equivalent to having access to every second , every minute , every hour of your life , " he said .
" People have to worry about the scale , the virtuality of your life being exposed to about 500 public authorities .
The position as to what the ISPs are to do is not clear
Malcolm Hutty
London Internet Exchange " Under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights , privacy is a fundamental right ... it is important to protect the principle of privacy because once you 've lost it , it 's very difficult to recover . "
The Home Office said the data was a vital tool for investigation and intelligence gathering .
" It will allow investigators to identify suspects , examine their contacts , establish relationships between conspirators and place them in a specific location at a certain time .
" Implementing the EC directive will enable UK law enforcement to benefit fully from historical communications data in increasingly complex investigations and will enhance our national security . "
' Better things '
But the industry itself has concerns about how the new rules will work .
Malcolm Hutty , from LINX ( London Internet Exchange ) , a membership association for ISPs , said : " The position as to what the ISPs are to do is not clear . "
He said on paper the law applied to all companies , but the Home Office has been saying informally that small ISPs would be exempt .
He said they were now left " in limbo " , fearful of legal action if at some time in the future as the company became bigger , they were then expected to collect the data .
Reports have suggested the government has even bigger plans for data retention called the Interception Modernisation Programme .
It could involve one central database , gathering details on every text sent , e-mail sent , phone call made and website visited .
Consultation on the plans is due to begin later this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ’s town house at 17 East 79th Street is the epitome of Upper East Side elegance : five stories of flawless Beaux - Arts limestone with 7,500 square feet of exquisite living space , all within steps of Central Park .
But for the mayor , it seems , the house has been a bit cramped .
Over the past two decades , in transactions that have gone all but unnoticed , Mr. Bloomberg has been buying up space in the building next door , knocking down walls and combining two entire floors along the way .
He now owns four of the six apartments at 19 East 79th Street , a white 1880 neo -Grec co-op town house .
The additions have made his home far roomier , giving him an estimated 12,500 square feet of living space ; it would probably fetch more than $ 30 million , even in the current down market .
“ You ’re talking about a really extraordinary space , ” said Jacky Teplitzky , a prominent Upper East Side broker , when told of the expansion .
“ It ’s really a mansion , not a town house anymore . ”
Parwin Mushthal has appeared in many productions , including this play , Soeurs ( Photo : Sandra Calligaro )
Afghan actress Parwin Mushthal 's passion for her job has exacted a heavy toll - resulting in the murder of her husband and forcing her to live in hiding with her two children .
Ms Mushthal 's career choice appears to have upset the Taleban and their supporters .
She has received threatening telephone calls and abuse in the streets from people telling her to stop acting .
She told the BBC that she believes her continued defiance of those threats resulted in the shooting by unknown gunmen of her 39 - year - old husband , a taxi driver , in Kabul in December .
Since then her life has been turned upside down .
Prostitution Parwin Mushthal 's interest in acting stemmed from her days at high school .
She has appeared in more than 20 theatre productions and dozens of films and is a regular on Afghan televsion .
The re-emergence of the Taleban has profoundly affected the lives of women
She is currently in the television series , Bulbul , and has appeared in numerous adverts .
Her best known performances are in Shakespeare 's Love 's Labour 's Lost , which was performed in the Dari language , and in Soeurs ( which she co-created ) .
Both productions were in collaboration with Kabul 's Foundation for Culture and Civil Society .
But although Ms Mushthal was well known , she had to hide her career from her husband 's family , because many people in Afghanistan link acting with immorality .
Women who act can find themselves accused of prostitution .
" When his brothers came from the provinces to our home [ in Kabul ] as guests , we did n't put on the TV because I was always on ads , " the 41 - year - old told the BBC World Service 's Outlook programme .
" I was scared that they would see it , so I would just put on a DVD and show them that , " she said .
But as her fame grew , so did the level of threats against her .
She began to receive warnings from people who recognised her .
" When I was going to work , people were standing in my way waiting for me , " she said .
" They were usually on bikes and they were telling me that , ' you women should n't be here any more ' . "
At first she brushed the threats off but then things started to get worse .
" My husband ... was getting phone calls from Khost Province asking him why he was letting his wife appear on TV , " she said .
Ms Mushthal at first thought that the threats were not serious and could be connected to her choice of clothing , so she started to wear a big scarf .
" Then later , I understood that it was about me working on TV and that I should stop doing so , " she said .
' Punched '
Over time , the attacks became more menacing .
" I was walking towards home and then a man came behind me on a bike and punched me in my back , " said Ms Mushthal .
" I fell down in the street really badly , I still have a pain in my leg , because he punched me really hard .
I saw my husband lying down on the floor , his face was full of blood
Parwin Mushthal
" I was with my little son and I was crying and we were running to get home . "
Her husband was concerned as to why she was in pain , but she did not want to worry him and just said that she had fallen and hurt her leg .
However , things took a turn for the worst as her husband became the target of a horrific attack .
" That night , this guy who killed my husband had been calling him constantly to come out [ of our home ] , " said Parwin .
" My husband was very tired and he could n't be bothered to go out .
The same guy called the next day at around five o'clock in the evening and asked him to come and meet him .
" My husband went out , I realised that it was a bit late and it was getting dark . "
When her husband failed to return home , she tried calling him but his phone was off .
It was dark and there was no electricity .
" At eight o'clock , I heard a shooting , I could n't go out because I was scared and very upset , " said Parwin .
" I was alone with my kids as there was no other man in my family .
I could feel that something had happened but I did n't know what .
" My children started crying and asking where their dad was .
I could n't do anything so I let them sleep and just said that dad would come . "
Ms Mushthal locked the door and stayed awake all night , in fear that someone might come for her and her children , who are eight and nine .
' Our life was happy '
In the morning , she received shocking news from the police that her husband had been killed .
The Afghan president says that he wants to honour women 's rights " I saw my husband lying down on the floor , his face was full of blood .
They did n't allow me to go near his body but you could see that they had shot him so many times .
I was just shouting and crying , " she said .
" That day my children were very upset and they were really scared , they kept holding and to me and saying , ' do n't go out because they will kill you as well ' . "
Her husband 's family took his body to Khost Province and she has now been in hiding for three months with her two children .
She also has to wear a full - length burka so that no one recognises her .
" I 'm still in hiding , no one knows where I am , " she said .
" Our life was really happy , we were really close to each other , he really loved me . "
Parwin Mushthal is not alone .
Correspondents say there is marked sense of unease among many other working women in Kabul and other Afghan cities as the presence of the Taleban - who have made no secret for of their disapproval of women working - appears to grow ever stronger .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
But the president , Luiz Inacio " Lula " da Silva , condemned the excommunication and praised the doctors for their decision to perform the abortion on the girl , who was 15 weeks pregnant .
" As a Christian and a Catholic , I deeply regret that a bishop has had such conservative behaviour , " he said .
" In this case , medicine is more right than the Church . "
Alt - A loans :
New fear for middle - class subprime
We can't say we have n't been warned .
The doom - mongers reckon America 's property market is on the verge of a new crisis as big as the subprime disaster that began in 2007 .
Bad outlook : Defaults by US middle - class homeowners are rising at an alarming rate
The fear is that borrowers with better credit histories , who took out Alt - A mortgages , are defaulting on a similar scale .
Global exposure to American Alt - A ( it stands for Alternative - A ) is estimated at $ 600 bn - the same as subprime .
Bearish observers think losses could hit $ 150 bn .
' the performance of Alt - A is clearly deteriorating rapidly , and we believe that 2009 will see such mortgages worsen further , ' says David Watts , an analyst at CreditSights in London .
Rising unemployment in America , where a record 598,000 jobs were lost in January alone , means many borrowers are struggling .
Late payments and repossessions are soaring .
Rating agency Moody 's said last month that it was revising upwards the expected losses on 90 % of Alt - A mortgage securities .
It describes the collapse as ' unprecedented for its asset class ' .
These are not the subprime households who would probably have been better off without a mortgage in the first place .
Alt - A borrowers tend to be middle - income earners .
While we do n't use the term Alt - A in Britain , some mortgage brokers do talk of ' near - prime ' or ' midprime ' .
Ray Boulger , senior technical manager at mortgage provider John Charcol , explains : ' They are people who in the UK would probably have got a prime mortgage - at least back then .
They would have had fairly minor indiscretions such as mortgage arrears of two months or a small county court judgment against them . '
The problem with Alt - A came at the height of the US housing boom as borrowers were encouraged to take out loans way beyond their means - say with a ' negative amortisation ' mortgage where the borrower did not even pay off the interest each month , and the loan kept growing .
According to CreditSights , 9.2 % of Alt - A mortgages from 2005 had been repossessed or were in foreclosure by December 2008 .
For 2006 mortgages , repossessions leapt to 17.1 % by the end of 2008 .
The 2007 vintage is shaping up to be even worse , with 13.6 % having already been repossessed ( see graph ) .
Moody 's reckons total losses from the 2006 Alt - A vintage could peak at 20 % , and the 2007 vintage may average 24 % .
Some have ' performed similarly to subprime ' .
Historically , Alt - A losses had been just 1 % .
Dozens of banks are affected because they bought parcels of Alt - A mortgages that were sold as securities and traded around the world .
Britain 's Lloyds Banking holds more than £ 7bn worth , Barclays has over £ 3bn and RBS about £ 1.5 bn .
the picture is bleak .
Falling US house prices mean negative equity and fewer cheap mortgage deals .
creditSights says an alarming 60 % of Alt - A borrowers from the 2006 vintage are in negative equity .
no wonder there is much talk about the growing trend for ' walkaways ' - that is people who are giving up repaying a loan because it is worth more than the value of their home .
However , experts say we should not be too hasty in assuming that Alt - A losses have to be as bad as subprime .
US lenders are now keen to avoid making more repossessions - because only 50 % of the value of the property may be recovered .
and trying to sell a repossessed home in some areas is nigh impossible in this climate .
Instead banks , and politicians , are pushing the idea of ' modifications ' - in layman 's terms , extending the life of the loan from 25 years to 30 or even 40 .
this makes monthly repayments smaller and more affordable .
Lower interest rates also ease the burden .
' I do n't buy the notion that america is facing moral turpitude with people walking away from their payments , ' said Watts of creditSights .
' It still tends to be people with higher debt - to - income ratios who default . '
In other words , Alt - A owners , with less daunting debts , are more likely than subprime borrowers to try to meet their obligations - especially now the Obama administration is keen to offer help .
But it 's going to get worse first .
Moody 's reckons Alt - A defaults will not peak until the fourth quarter of 2009 .
One key question is : could the Alt - A phenomenon happen here ?
There was certainly a rash of 125 % mortgages and self - certifying loans during the boom .
Charcol 's Boulger is optimistic that our problems wo n't be as bad because regulation is tighter : ' Whereas in the UK we have a national regulator , in America it depended on individual states .
There were clearly some very dubious practices going on . '
None of this is to dismiss the grave threats that face the property market here as well as in America in what is going to be a deep recession .
We will soon find out whether Alt - A is as bad as the pessimists fear .
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I owe you a few apologies : • I am sorry for responding and saying sure I am happy to engage in a bizarre business deal with you knowing full well it is n’t real . •
I am sorry you wasted time to print a horrible fake check . •
I am sorry you spent $ 4.90 UPS ’ing it to me overnight . •
I am sorry for taking a few days to get back to you after I got the check and ask you for your phone number which you ca n’t give me .
I knew that and still I emailed you for the phone number . •
I am sorry that I lied to you and said I could not find a western union office near me , making you look them up , emailing me a list and me telling you those two liquor stores are shut down . •
I am sorry that I lied to you about getting pissed at the western union office because they wanted $ 1.75 to cut a check and that I said that ’s robbery and left in a huff .
The truth is I never went there in the first place .
Sorry for wasting your time that day . •
I ’m sorry I lied the next day after you threaten to call the FBI and local police on me because I cashed your check and would not pay you .
I knew you would not , but I wrote you an email begging you not to call the police and that I would pay you tomorrow after I cashed the check . •
I ’m sorry that I lied the next day and said the western union office girl was rude to me so I left in anger , again delaying your money by another day . •
Im sorry I lied about sending the money to western union in your name vs the shipper so you could not pick it up .
I realize this cost you a day or so . •
I am really sorry that I lied and said that the money order was at your western union , but off by 1 zip code making you drive 30 minutes to find out I am a liar . •
Your last email to me was justified .
Obviously from your language you were pissed .
The fact that as you " YELLED ” and your grasp of the English language seemed to fade away like my Mom ’s when she is livid showed me what a bad person I am . •
Your phone call from Africa ?
was upsetting because as you were trying to explain to me how to go down to western union and pay the $ 1.75 and you would pick up the fee , I realized how frustrated you were getting .
I also lied about being hard of hearing and asking you to yell .
Sorry .
All in all , I am sorry for sucking up your bandwidth .
I realize that my actions probably sucked up 6 - 10 hours of your time and kept you from fleecing some gullible person in America .
Please forgive me .
Go ahead and send me another forged check and I will send you my cash to your shipper .
Please try me again .
Even though I lied you to about 15 times I wo n’t do it again .
Your friendly computer person .
MHF
Sitting Quietly - Looking Within
Meditation - From Moment To Moment
' Total ' - ' Complete ' - ' Holistic ' Meditation
Meditation Is Part Of Life
K'S TEACHINGS :
On August 12 , about five weeks after their arrival at Ojai , he wrote to Lady Emily :
' ' I have been meditating every morning for half an hour or 35 mins .
I meditate from 6:45 to 7:20 .
I am beginning to concentrate better even though it be for sometime and I meditate again before I go to sleep for about 10 minutes .
All this is rather surprising you , is n't it ? ....''
- J Krishnamurti as quoted in page 162 ,
biography of K by mary Lutyens Vol I
( The years of awakening ) ''.... and in my heart there has been a continual thought of Lord Buddha .
I was in such a state that I had to sit down and meditate ....''
- Letter written by Krishnamurti as quoted in ' The years of
awakening ' by Mary Lutyens Avon books USA 1991 Page 125 .
Have done a great deal of meditation and has been good .
I hope you are doing it too - begin by being aware of every thought - feeling - all day , the nerves and the brain - then become quiet , still - this is what cannot be done through control - then really begins meditation .
Do it with thoroughness .
Whatever happens do n't let the body shape the nature of the mind - be aware of the body , eat right , be by yourself during the day for some hours - do n't slip back and do n't be a slave to circumstances .
Be tremendous - be awake .
- letter written by K to a friend ( Nandini Mehta )
as quoted in the biography of K by Pupul Jayakar Page 277 .
... I feel if we could be serious for an hour and really fathom , delve into ourselves as much as we can , we should be able to release , not through any action of will , a certain sense of energy that is awake all the , time which is beyond thought .
-K , New Delhi 8 Jan 1961 .
Do you want to sit together quietly for a while ?
All right , sirs , sit quietly for a while .
( K used to ask his listeners to sit quietly for sometime after his public talks )
First of all , sit very quietly ; do not force yourself to sit quietly , but sit or lie down quietly without force of any kind .
Do you understand ?... - Pg 59 , K on education
Meditation is not something different from daily life ; do not go off into the corner of a room and meditate for ten minutes , then come out of it and be a butcher - both metaphorically and actually .
Meditation is part of life , not something different from life .
-K , Pg 10 , meditations .
Meditation is one of the greatest arts in life - perhaps the greatest , and one cannot possibly learn it from anybody .
That is the beauty of it .
It has no technique and therefore no authority .
When you learn about yourself , watch yourself , watch the way you walk , how you eat , what you say , the gossip , the hate , the jealousy - if you are aware of all that in yourself , without any choice , that is part of meditation .
So meditation can take place when you are sitting in a bus or walking in the woods full of light and shadows , or listening to the singing of birds or looking at the face of your wife or child .
-K , Pg 2 , meditations
Q . You seem to object even to our sitting quietly everyday to observe the movement of thought .
Is this , by your definition , a practice , a method and therefore without value ?
K : Now the questioner asks .
What is wrong with sitting quietly every morning for twenty minutes , in the afternoon another twenty minutes and perhaps another twenty minutes in the evening or longer - what is wrong with it ?
By sitting quietly you can relax , you can observe your thinking , your reactions , your responses and your reflexes .
What is the motive of those who sit quietly by themselves , or together in a group ?
What is the motive behind the desire to sit quietly for half an hour every day ?
Is it not important to find out why you want to do this ?
Is it because somebody has told you that if you sit quietly you will have para - psychological experiences , that you will attain some kind of peace , some kind of understanding , some kind of enlightenment , or some kind of power ?...
So it is important - before we plunge into all this - to find out what is your motive , what it is that you want .
But you do not do that .
You are so eager and gullible ; somebody promises something and you want it .
If you examine the motive , you see that it is a desire to achieve something - like a businessman 's desire to earn a lot of money .
That is his urge .
Here the psychological urge is to have something that a guru , or an instructor , promises .
You do not question what he promises , you do not doubt what he promises ...
Is it true ?
Who are you to tell me what to do ?
then you will find that sitting quietly , without understanding your motive , leads to all kinds of illusory psychological trouble .
If that is the intention of sitting quietly , then it is not worth it .
But if while sitting quietly without any motive , or walking quietly by yourself or with somebody , you watch the trees , the birds , the rivers and the sunshine on the leaves , in that very watching you are also watching yourself .
You are not striving , not making tremendous efforts to achieve something ...
Is it not possible to be quiet , naturally - to look at a person , or to listen to a song , or to listen to what somebody is saying quietly , without resistance , without saying , " I must change , I must do this , I must do that '' .
Just to be quiet ?
Is it possible to sit , or stand , or walk quietly , without any promptings from another , without any reward or desire for extraordinary super - physical sensory experiences ?
Begin at the most rational level ; then one can go very far .
-K Q/ A Saanen July 1980
... if you are really awake during the day , watching every thought , every feeling , every movement of the mind ... watching your reactions ... being greatly aware of everything outside you , inwardly , then the whole of the unconsciousness , as well as the conscious , is opened up ...
-K , 13 July 1967 Saanen Talks .
These are the outer pressures and demands that bring about this neurotic society ; there are also the inner compulsions and urges within ourselves , our innate violence inherited from the past , which help to make up this neurosis , this imbalance .
So this is the fact - most of us are slightly off balance , or more , and it 's no use blaming anybody .
The fact is that one is not balanced psychologically , mentally , or sexually ; in every way we are off balance .
Now the important thing is to become aware of it , to know that one is not balanced , not how to become balanced .
A neurotic mind cannot become balanced , but if it has not gone to the extremes of neurosis , if it has still retained some balance , it can watch itself .
One can then become aware of what one does , of what one says , of what one thinks , how one moves , how one sits , how one eats , watching all the time but not correcting .
And if you watch in such a manner , without any choice , then out of that deep watching will come a balanced , sane , human being ; then you will no longer be neurotic .
A balanced mind is a mind that is wise , not made up of judgments and opinions .
- Pg 173 You are the world .
Teacher : Sir , all sensations leave a residue , a disturbance which lead to various kinds of conflict and other forms of mental activity .
The traditional approach of all religions is to deny this sensation by discipline and denial .
But in what you say there seems to be a heightened receptivity to these sensations so that you see the sensations without distortion or residue .
Krishnamurti :
That is the issue .
Sensitivity and sensation are two different things .
A mind that is a slave to thought , sensation , feeling , is a residual mind .
It enjoys the residue , it enjoys thinking about the pleasurable world and each thought leaves a mark , which is the residue .
Each thought of a certain pleasure you have had , leaves a mark which makes for insensitivity .
It obviously dulls the mind and discipline , control and suppression further dull the mind .
I am saying that sensitivity is not sensation , that sensitivity implies no mark , no residue .
So what is the question ?
Teacher :
Is the denial of which you are speaking different from a denial which is the restriction of sensation ?
Krishnamurti :
How do you see those flowers , see the beauty of them , be completely sensitive to them so that there is no residue , no memory of them , so that when you see them again an hour later you see a new flower ?
That is not possible if you see as a sensation and that sensation is associated with flowers , with pleasure .
The traditional way is to shut out what is pleasurable because such associations awaken other forms of pleasure and so you discipline yourself not to look .
To cut association with a surgical knife is immature .
So how is the mind , how are the eyes , to see the tremendous colour and yet have it leave no mark ?
I am not asking for a method .
How does that state come into being ?
Otherwise we can not be sensitive .
It is like a photographic plate which receives impressions and is self - renewing .
It is exposed , and yet becomes negative for the next impression .
So all the time , it is self - cleansing of every pleasure .
Is that possible or are we playing with words and not with facts ?
The fact which I see clearly is that any residual sensitivity , sensation , dulls the mind .
I deny that fact , but I do not know what it is to be so extraordinarily sensitive that experience leaves no mark and yet to see the flower with fullness , with tremendous intensity .
I see as an undeniable fact that every sensation , every feeling , every thought , leaves a mark , shapes the mind , and that such marks cannot possibly bring about a new mind .
I see that to have a mind with marks is death , so I deny death .
But I do not know the other .
I also see that a good mind is sensitive without the residue of experience .
It experiences , but the experience leaves no mark from which it draws further experiences , further conclusions , further death .
The one I deny and the other I do not know .
How is this transition from the denial of the known to the unknown to come into being ?
How does one deny ?
Does one deny the known , not in great dramatic incidents but in little incidents ?
Do I deny when I am shaving and I remember the lovely time I had in Switzerland ?
Does one deny the remembrance of a pleasant time ?
Does one grow aware of it , and deny it ?
That is not dramatic , it is not spectacular , nobody knows about it .
Still this constant denial of little things , the little wipings , the little rubbings off , not just one great big wiping away , is essential .
It is essential to deny thought as remembrance , pleasant or unpleasant , every minute of the day as it arises .
One is doing it not for any motive , not in order to enter into the extraordinary state of the unknown .
You live in Rishi Valley and think of Bombay or Rome .
This creates a conflict , makes the mind dull , a divided thing .
Can you see this and wipe it away ?
Can you keep on wiping away not because you want to enter into the unknown ?
You can never know what the unknown is because the moment you recognise it as the unknown you are back in the known ....
- Pg. 119-121 , K on education .
Sensitivity and sensation are two different things .
Sensations , emotions , feelings always leave a residue , whose accumulation dulls and distorts .
Sensations are always contradictory and so conflicting ; conflict always dulls the mind , perverts perception .
The appreciation of beauty in terms of sensation , of like and dislike , is not to perceive beauty ; sensation can only divide as beauty and ugliness but division is not beauty .
Because sensations , feelings , breed conflict .
To avoid conflict , discipline , control , suppression , have been advocated but this only builds resistance and so increases conflict and brings about greater dullness and insensitivity .
The saintly control and suppression is the saintly insensitivity and brutal dullness which is so highly regarded .
To make the mind more stupid and dull ideals and conclusions are invented and spread around .
All forms of sensations , however refined or gross , cultivate resistance and a withering away .
Sensitivity is the dying to every residue of sensation ; to be sensitive , utterly and intensely , to a flower , to a person , to a smile , is to have no scar of memory , for every scar destroys sensitivity .
To be aware of every sensation , feeling , thought as it arises , from moment to moment , choicelessly , is to be free from scars , never allowing a scar to be formed .
Sensations , feelings , thoughts are always partial , fragmentary and destructive .
Sensitivity is a total of body , mind and heart .
- Pg 182-183 , K notebook
( Please refer to the Sayings of K as quoted under '' Sensations - the root of misery and sorrow and the key to insight and freedom ...'' in this study )
DHAMMA : ( Please Refer the Dhamma teaching of Lord Buddha as quoted under '' Sensations - The root of misery and sorrow and the key to insight and freedom '' in this study )
Sampajanapabbam Puna ca pararm , bhikkhave , bhikkhu abhikkante patikkante
sampajanakari hoti , alokite vilokite sampajanakari hoti , saminjite
pasarite sampajanakari hoti , sanghatipattacivaradhirane
sampajanakari hoti , asite pite khayite sayite sampajanakari hoti ,
uccarapassavakamme sampajanankari hoti , gate thite nisinne sutte
jagarite bhasite tunhibhave sampajanakari hoti .
- Mahasatipatthana Sutta
Kayanupassana-Sampajanapabbam
Section on tbe Constant Thorough Understanding of Impermanence
Again , O monks , a monk , while going forward or backward , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; whether he is looking straight ahead or looking sideways , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; while he is bending or stretching , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; whether he is putting on his inner and outer garment or carrying his bowl , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; whether he is eating , drinking , chewing or savouring , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; if he attends to the calls of nature , while passing stool and urine , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence ; whether he is walking , standing , sitting , sleeping or awake , speaking or in silence , he comprehends this , constantly aware of impermanence .
( ' Comprehends this ' = aware of the reality 'as it is ' , staying with ' what is ' )
Yatham care : when we walk , we walk with awareness .
Yatham titthe : when we stand , we stand with awareness .
Yatham acche : when we sit , we sit with awareness .
Yatham saye : when we lie down , we lie down with awareness .
- Anguttara Nikaya II PTS 14
Whether sleeping or awake , arising or sitting , in every state , we remain aware and attentive every moment .
No action of ours is without awareness .
Paccavekkhitva paccavekkitva kayena kammam katabba .
All body activities should be done with full awareness .
Paccavekkhitva paccavekkhitva vacaya kammam katabba .
All vocal activities should be done with full awareness .
Paccavekkhitva paccavekkitva manasa kammam katabba .
All mental activities should be done with full awareness .
At the same time , this awareness should be endowed with panna .
This means that , along with awareness , the experiential understanding of the three characteristics of panna : that all phenomena , have the inherent characteristic of impermanence ( anicca ) ; that all phenomena which are impermanent give rise to suffering ( dukkha ) ; and that all such phenomena which are impermanent and give rise to dukkha are without essence - i.e. , they can not be " I " or mine or '' my soul " , ( anatta ) .
Once this is understood at the experiential level , one realises how meaningless it is to react with craving or aversion , clinging or repugnance towards any phenomenon that arises .
Instead , there should only be awareness and , at the same time , detachment towards every phenomenon .
This is Vipassana .
This is the experiential wisdom that shatters ignorance .
- S N Goenka quoting the teachings of Lord Buddha .
'' Awaken in wisdom ' ' Jan. 98 Vipassana newsletter
VRI Igatpuri .
Yato ca bhikkhu atapi sampajannam na rincati ,
tato so vedana sabba parijanati pandito ;
So vedana parinnaya ditthe dhamme anasavo ,
kayassa bheda Dhammattho , sankhyam nopeti vedagu .
- Pathama- akasa - sutta , Samyutta - nikaya , Salayatana - vagga
When a meditator observing ardently , does not , miss his faculty of thorough understanding of impermanence , such a wise one fully understands all sensations .
And having completely understood them , he becomes freed from all impurities .
On the breaking up of the body , such a person , being established in Dhamma and understanding sensations perfectly , attains the indescribable stage beyond the conditioned world .
Rattidiva matandito Sampajannam na rinchati - Samyutta Nikaya IV
Day and night - there should be no break in the continuous thorough understanding of impermanence at the level of sensations .
The '' Mahasatipatthana Sutta ' ' of the Buddha is '' The Great Discourse on the establishing of awareness ' ' .
In this discourse Buddha has shown the ' ' one and only way '' ( ekayano maggo ) for the overcoming of sorrow and lamentation ... for the realization of Nibbana : that is to say , the fourfold establishing of awareness ( nibbanassa sacchikiriyaya yadidam cattaro satipatthana ti ) .
Buddha said that for our observation to be ' Total ' , ' complete ' , ' holistic ' , we have to ' look within ' for ' self knowledge ' and this self observation is the study of mind - matter .
Our self observation and looking within is total only when we observe the entire field of mind - matter ( nama - rupa ) : that is to say the body , the sensations on / in the body , the mind and the contents of the mind .
This is the fourfold establishing of awareness .
( Kayanupassana , Vedananupassana , Cittanupassana , Dhammanupassana ) .
Again this is not a mechanical ritual or an intellectual game but real understanding experientially at the level of sensations .
The four divisions mentioned above are not water tight compartments but in fact constitute the holistic observation .
Body can only be observed when one feels the body at the level of sensations and one knows the mind from the contents of the mind , again it is the mind that knows the body .
Moreover '' anything that arises in the mind flows along with sensations on the body . '' ( Sabbe Dhamma vedana sammosarana ) .
Thus mind and matter are deeply interdependent and deeply inter-related .
The observation is complete and total only when the entire field of mind - matter is fully understood at the level of sensations ( Parijanati ) .
This observation is of the reality 'as is it ' , the truth from moment to moment , staying with ' what is ' ( yathabhuta ) - There is '' constant through understanding of impermanence at the level of sensations '' ( Sampajanna ) .
Thus one develops his awareness to such an extent that there is mere understanding along with mere awareness - the observer is the observed ( yavadeva nanamattaya patissatimattaya ... )
In this way he abides detached , without clinging or craving towards anything in this world of mind - matter .
( anissito ca viharati , naca kinci loke upadiyati ) .
( This is insight , this is liberation , this is freedom . )
- for details refer to Mahasatipatthana Suttam -VRI
and the discourses on Mahasatipatthana Sutta by
S N Goenka-VRI .
FOX 's Brett Baier 's first impression of President Obama 's National Press Conference after telling us how long it was and how many questions he took was to cut to a shot of the massive screen in the back and middle of the room and he said that Obama read his opening statement there .
Wow .
Did the media focus on President Bush 's use of the teleprompter , ever ?
Critics say Obama relies too heavily on his teleprompter .
As Politico notes : " Obama 's reliance on the teleprompter is unusual -- not only because he is famous for his oratory , but because no other president has used one so consistently and at so many events , large and small . "
They make an interesting point , why would a president want to be prepared and careful about what he says ?
The guy who had the job for the last eight years did n't need no stinkin ' teleprompter !
Charles K thought Obama was workmanlike .
As usual BillO had on Karl Rove for some crackling FOX News analysis , even though he's one of the men responsible for the mess this country faces .
He said President Obama just mailed it in .
Bill , as I predicted , was just so bored by it all .
Karl said he was an arrogant guy ...
They are so frustrated that his approval ratings are so high .
That 's right :
Net of +6 in the CBS poll and +1 in the Gallup poll over the last week , which everybody seemed to think has been the toughest of his Presidency .
I 'm sure the right - wing critics of Daily Kos will be surprised to learn that one of the few ( and perhaps , the only ) polls showing President Obama losing ground was our own R2000 survey , showing a 2 point drop in net favorables -- all the way down to 67 favorable , 28 unfavorable .
Although the GOP would love to tell a different story , President Obama is as strong and as popular as ever -- and in all likelihood , by the time the night is done , he 'll be in even better shape .
Dave N : It seems as thought Chip Reid and Ed Henry are becoming reliable regurgitators of the right - wing talking points .
And it was clear that Obama was ready for them .
His answers were clear , lucid , and persuasive .
And in shutting down
Henry at the end for persisting in asking him why it took him so long to decide to come down on the AIG bonuses , he was very pointed -- and effective -- indeed .
Dinner ?
It ’s fast food from the deep freeze
In a flash of brilliant blue , with wings folded in for maximum speed , he rockets towards a hole in the ice .
Plunging into the freezing water the kingfisher snaps once , twice and again .
Then , with a twist and a flap , he bursts out into the air , a three - course dinner safely in hand - or rather , beak .
By Caroline Grant for MailOnline
Gotcha :
It snaps up one of the tiny silvery fish near the bottom of the pristine lake
These amazing pictures were taken at a small , pristine river in Land Hessen , central Germany .
They show the bird returning to the water several times , until he had his fill .
Kingfishers can capture 80 small fish , such as perch or sticklebacks , over the course of a day .
In for the kill :
The kingfisher hurtles towards a hole in the ice
The birds are notoriously difficult to photograph in action because of their speed , which can reach up to 60 mph when diving .
In recent years they have been battling against water pollution and changes in habitat .
Like a flash :
They are notoriously difficult to photograph as they travel so fast
Their numbers declined in Britain in the last century , but a recent study by the RSPB has shown that the birds are starting to flourish again .
The kingfisher is now widespread in central and southern England although less common further north .
Fish kebab :
The bird breaks the surface with a meal of three tasty bites
There are an estimated 3,600 - 6,000 pairs in Britain .
They are usually found living and hunting by still or slow - flowing water such as lakes , canals and rivers in lowland areas .
The groups that elected Barack Obama are poised to cash in on their investment and the feminists are muscling to be first in line .
The National Organization for Women ( NOW ) , bragging that " we all worked hard to help elect " Obama , has helpfully spelled out the " feminist action agenda " : Pass the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay
Act to repeal the statute of limitations and allow women to sue employers for alleged wage discrimination long after bosses are dead and unable to defend their actions .
The feminists made this their first priority , the House and Senate quickly acquiesced , and President Obama is itching to sign the bill .
Direct EEOC to compare pay scales in job categories held mostly by women or mostly by men , and then enforce wage control to equalize wages according to the feminists ' subjective definition of what they call Comparable Worth .
Expand the Family and Medical Leave Act to require paid parental and family leave at the option of the employee , rather than unpaid leave as allowed in current law .
Reject all proposals to allow any portion of Social Security contributions to be paid into individual investment accounts .
Appropriate $ 10 billion annually for daycare , early childhood programs , and grants for infant and toddler care so that mothers can be liberated from caring for their own babies .
Stop federal funding of marriage promotion and fatherhood programs .
Repeal all the restrictions put into place by Welfare Reform legislation that encourage welfare recipients to seek employment or training for a job .
Expand the Child Tax Credit so that it covers all caregiving for married and non-married partners , and make it fully refundable for low - income working families .
Stop all funding for abstinence education and replace it with funding for federal programs that emphasize contraception .
Increase funding for Title X Family Planning Programs by at least $ 1 billion annually .
Enact the Freedom of Choice Act , which would repeal all national and state regulations of abortion passed over the last 35 years , including the ban on partial birth abortion .
Repeal the Hyde Amendment which bars federal taxpayer funding for most abortions .
Halt adoption of a " conscience " regulation to allow doctors and other health care workers to refuse to perform abortions or provide contraceptive services they believe are morally objectionable .
Require insurance companies to cover birth control , require pharmacists to fill contraceptive prescriptions , and remove the age restriction on over - the - counter so - called emergency contraception .
Approve funding for embryonic stem cell research that requires killing embryos .
Promote abortion programs , services and advocacy in other countries by spending at least $ 1 billion for international family planning .
One of Obama 's first presidential directives canceled Reagan 's Mexico City policy that prohibited this .
Nominate and confirm federal judges who support abortion and other feminist goals .
Ratify the long - dead Equal Rights Amendment with no time limitation on the process .
Ratify the United Nations Treaty on Women ( CEDAW ) , which would make our laws , customs and textbooks subject to supervision and control by a UN committee of feminists designated as " experts . "
Repeal the Don't Ask , Don't Tell policy in the military .
Lift the combat exclusion on women in the military so women can be assigned to ground combat and submarines .
Enact Hate Crimes legislation to cover acts of violence based on the victim 's real or perceived gender , sexual orientation , or gender identity .
Fully fund , expand and aggressively enforce the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) and enact the International VAWA ( IVAWA ) .
Cancel the regulations that allow public schools to have any single - sex schools or classes , and withhold federal funding from any schools that do .
Aggressively enforce Title IX against colleges and universities , and refuse to accept evidence of women 's relative lack of interest in sports .
Oppose any constitutional amendment to ban same - sex marriage .
Give same - sex couples federal benefits equal to married couples , add sexual orientation and gender identity to federal nondiscrimination laws without a religious exception .
Establish a cabinet - level Office on Women so that lobbying for feminist legislation and regulations can be carried out by federal employees at taxpayers ' expense .
Promote affirmative action for women .
Appoint feminists to key positions in all the federal departments and strive for gender balance ( i.e. , fifty percent feminists ) throughout the government .
Establish a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender liaison position in the White House .
, fifty percent feminists ) throughout the government .
Establish a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender liaison position in the White House .
Enact a single - payer ( i.e. , government controlled and taxpayer financed ) health plan that includes unrestricted access to comprehensive abortion and contraceptive services .
Pass an expanded SCHIP ( State Children 's Health Insurance Program ) to include health services for all children , including illegal aliens .
, government controlled and taxpayer financed ) health plan that includes unrestricted access to comprehensive abortion and contraceptive services .
Pass an expanded SCHIP ( State Children 's Health Insurance Program ) to include health services for all children , including illegal aliens .
Provide a path to citizenship for illegal aliens .
Rescind the Bush tax cuts .
Restore the Fairness Doctrine in the media .
Many Americans do n't understand what it means to be a feminist .
Now we know .
The premier feminist organization , NOW , has defined feminism for us .
I recently read CODE – The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software by Charles Petzold .
It was a great read and a book that I can recommend to anyone who whishes to understand how computers really works at the most basic level .
The book goes into great detail on how binary systems work , and how computers use binary numbers to encode things like positive and negative numbers , alphabet characters , fractions , etc .
But the main part of the book is about how to solve logical problems using simple relays ( i.e. transistors ) connected in different ways .
During the different chapters Petzold is building a more and more complex logical machine that ultimately resembles how a real modern computer work .
He starts out with building simple logical gates ( AND , NAND , OR , etc ) out of relays , he then combines these into more complex units , for example a 1 - bit adder and a 1 - bit latch .
Most of the stuff in the book was not really news to me but it was interesting non the less .
I had forgotten how computers actually perform subtraction by using addition for example .
It is pretty neat trick .
The trick is to convert the number you are subtracting into two ’s complement .
Here is an example showing how you can calculate 7 – 5 with only using NOT and ADD operators .
An easier way to understand how this works is to try it with the number range 0 - 59 .
59 - 5 ==== 54 + 1 ==== 55 + 7 ==== 2
Here we actually have to use subtraction to calculate the complement , the nice thing about twos ' complement is that it can be calculated using the binary NOT operator .
Ok , back to the book .
The last chapters cover how computers are programmed , he describes in great detail how for example the stack work , how you call and pass parameters to subroutines and how interrupts are used to respond to hardware events like a button being pressed on a keyboard .
Again nothing new to someone who has worked with assembly language or taken some basic classes in computer science , but it was nice to to refresh the knowledge and fill in some gaps .
I first bought this book to give to my father who has trouble understanding and working with computers .
He is constantly frustrated by the simplest things so I thought that it would help to have some understanding of how computers work .
However I am not going to give this book to my farther , after the first couple of chapters the book quickly becomes very technical and tedious for someone who is n't that interested .
But for any programmer who does n't already know the fundamentals of computer hardware and software or just want to refresh their knowledge it is a great read .
Free software is software that gives you the user the freedom to share , study and modify it .
We call this free software because the user is free .
To use free software is to make a political and ethical choice asserting the right to learn , and share what we learn with others .
Free software has become the foundation of a learning society where we share our knowledge in a way that others can build upon and enjoy .
Richard Stallman explains free software at TEDx Geneva .
Richard Stallman explains free software at TEDx Geneva .
Subtitles and slides
Currently , many people use proprietary software that denies users these freedoms and benefits .
If we make a copy and give it to a friend , if we try to figure out how the program works , if we put a copy on more than one of our own computers in our own home , we could be caught and fined or put in jail .
That ’s what ’s in the fine print of the license agreement you accept when using proprietary software .
The corporations behind proprietary software will often spy on your activities and restrict you from sharing with others .
And because our computers control much of our personal information and daily activities , proprietary software represents an unacceptable danger to a free society .
The GNU Operating System and the Free Software Movement
What if there were a worldwide group of talented ethical programmers voluntarily committed to the idea of writing and sharing software with each other and with anyone else who agreed to share alike ?
What if anyone could be a part of and benefit from this community even without being a computer expert or knowing anything about programming ?
We would n’t have to worry about getting caught copying a useful program for our friends — because we would n’t be doing anything wrong .
In fact , such a movement exists , and you can be part of it .
The free software movement was started in 1983 by computer scientist Richard M. Stallman , when he launched a project called GNU , which stands for “ GNU is Not UNIX ” , to provide a replacement for the UNIX operating system — a replacement that would respect the freedoms of those using it .
Then in 1985 , Stallman started the Free Software Foundation , a nonprofit with the mission of advocating and educating on behalf of computer users around the world .
There are now many variants or ' distributions ' of this GNU operating system using the kernel Linux .
We recommend those GNU / Linux distributions that are 100 % free software ; in other words , entirely freedom - respecting .
Today , free software is available for just about any task you can imagine .
From complete operating systems like GNU , to over 5,000 individual programs and tools listed in the FSF / UNESCO free software directory .
Millions of people around the world — including entire governments — are now using free software on their computers .
The FSF also provides other important resources to the community .
therawstory
Rove not covered by executive privilege in political prosecution case , lawyer says
John Byrne
Lawyer :
Rove wo n’t take the Fifth if he testifies
Representatives of the Bush White House are no longer advising former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove that he is protected by executive privilege as regards testimony about the alleged political prosecution of an Alabama governor .
In an exchange with Raw Story , Rove ’s Washington , D.C. attorney , Robert Luskin , also said Rove wo n’t invoke his Fifth Amendment right to protect himself from self - incrimination , if and when he testifies about the firing of nine US Attorneys and the prosecution of the former governor .
There ’s “ been speculation that he would decline to answer questions on Fifth Amendment grounds , ”  Luskin said .
“ That ’s a personal privilege ; he will not assert it . ” 
Asked if he had a comment on Sen. Patrick Leahy ’s ( D - VT ) proposed “ truth commission , ”  in which Bush officials would be offered immunity in exchange for testimony , Luskin said , “ No . ” 
Last year , the House Judiciary Committee subpoenaed Rove to testify about his knowledge concerning the prosecution of former Democratic Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , which they alleged was carried out political grounds after a whistleblower said Rove had a hand in seeking the prosecution .
In 2007 , Rove was subpoenaed by the Senate about the firing of nine US Attorneys .
Both times , the Bush Administration asserted that Rove was protected by executive privilege ; both times , Rove did not appear .
Now , with a newly - installed Democratic president , the ice under Rove appears to have thinned .
Rove was subpoenaed in January and again last week by House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers , Jr. ( D - MI ) .
He has been told to appear Feb. 23 for a congressional deposition .
Though it remains unclear what form Rove ’s cooperation with Congress and Justice Department investigators “ “ who continue to probe the US Attorney firings and the Siegelman case “ “ might take , it seems increasingly likely that Rove will testify to Congress in some way .
Luskin said last Thursday that no agreement had yet been reached with the committee .
Last year , Rove offered to speak in private to House Judiciary Committee investigators about the Siegelman case .
He has said repeatedly that he had no involvement in the corruption prosecution mounted by a Bush - appointed US Attorney that critics say was motivated by politics .
He refused , however , to testify under oath or in public , and the Committee balked .
Luskin says
Rove ’s previous stance was based on advice from the Bush White House but that Bush representatives are no longer advising him on the matter .
“ The only basis that Rove has ever declined to appear has been the White House claim of immunity for senior advisors to the president and executive privilege , ”  Luskin said .
“ I do think that it ’s clearer now that the Siegelman matter falls outside the scope of the former claim and , on that basis , I offered to have Rove appear on this matter . ” 
“ Previously , as to the Siegelman matter , the White House was involved in the discussions about what form
Rove ’s cooperation might take , hence the discussions about interviews , not public testimony , et cetera , ”  he said in an earlier exchange .
“ Rove ’s most recent guidance from the White House did not express any limitations . ” 
Today , “ I do not think there are any limitations on potential testimony about Siegelman , ”  Luskin added .
“ The circumstances “ “ public testimony , deposition , under oath or not “ “ would be up to the committee . ” 
That said , Luskin refused to commit his client to testifying publicly or under oath .
“ My circumspection now about what form Rove ’s cooperation might take regarding Siegelman comes from a desire not to say anything publicly that might prejudice opportunities to reach a constructive resolution with the committee , ”  he said .
“ Rove is already on the record regarding the Siegelman allegations “ “ they are wholly without merit “ “ and he would obviously like to put this to rest . ” 
He added , “ We ’re continuing to engage in constructive discussions with the committee to that end , and I ’d hesitate to speculate about what form Rove ’s cooperation might ultimately take . ” 
A House Judiciary Committee spokesman declined to comment .
The Committee wrote in a letter to Luskin last week that they would n’t accept testimony on Siegelman alone , saying that witnesses did n’t get to dictate terms .
Siegelman was convicted in 2006 on bribery charges stemming from accusations that in 1999 former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy had donated to a political fund that was lobbying for Siegelman ’s lottery plan in exchange for being appointed to a key medical licensing board .
He was released on bail last April , after a series of investigations into allegations that his prosecution had been politically motivated .
At that time , one Republican whistleblower named Rove as having had a hand in pushing for the prosecution .
The charges against Siegelman were brought by US Attorney Leura Canary , who had been appointed by President Bush in 2001 .
Her husband , Bill Canary , was a veteran GOP operative who had worked in partnership with Rove on numerous Alabama campaigns in the 1990’s , as well as for the Republican challenger who had defeated Siegelman in Alabama ’s 2002 gubernatorial race .
( Source )
New York State 's practice of sentencing inmates to months , even years , in disciplinary segregation for drug use and possession and denying them effective drug dependence treatment constitutes cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
In the 53 - page report , " Barred from Treatment : Punishment of Drug Users in New York State Prisons , " Human Rights Watch found that New York prison officials sentenced inmates to a collective total of 2,516 years in disciplinary segregation from 2005 to 2007 for drug - related charges .
At the same time , inmates seeking drug treatment face major delays because treatment programs are filled to capacity .
When sentenced to segregation , known as " the box , " inmates are not allowed to get or continue to receive treatment .
Conditions in the box are harsh , with prisoners locked down 23 hours a day and contact with the outside through visitors , packages , and telephone calls severely restricted .
" New York inmates with substance use problems - 85 percent by prison officials ' own count - find themselves in a Catch 22 , " said Megan McLemore , health and human rights researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" Many ca n't get timely treatment , making them vulnerable to being punished with segregation .
And once there , they are barred as a matter of policy from the treatment they need . "
The report is based on more than 50 interviews with current and recently released inmates , as well as prison treatment program staff and correctional health , drug treatment , and harm reduction experts in New York and other states .
One case profiled in the report is that of David A. , who is currently serving three years in isolation for prison drug violations .
Despite pleading for treatment , David was recently sentenced to an additional two years in the box for a marijuana violation .
In 2008 , New York State spent $ 20 million on alcohol and drug treatment in the prisons .
" These programs are being paid for by New York taxpayers , so should be effective and rigorously evaluated , " McLemore said .
" The current policies make no sense from either a security or public health perspective . "
Sentencing inmates to years in isolation for drug infractions while denying them access to treatment can amount to cruel , inhuman , and degrading treatment in violation of the United States ' international human rights obligations .
" Discipline should be proportionate to the offense , and should never prevent prisoners from getting the treatment they need , " McLemore said .
" This only makes the problem worse , for both the inmates and the prison system as a whole . "
At a Capitol news conference with New York State legislators Jeff Aubry , Felix Ortiz , and Ruth Hassell - Thompson , McLemore called on state lawmakers to provide greater oversight of prison drug treatment , stating that the New York State Office of Alcohol and Substance Abuse Services ( OASAS ) should be more involved in designing and evaluating prison drug programs .
The Department of Correctional Services has conducted few evaluations of its own treatment programs .
Despite overwhelming evidence that medication - assisted therapy is the most effective treatment for opiate addiction , the majority of New York State prisoners dependent on heroin or other opiates have no access to methadone or buprenorphine , Human Rights Watch said .
The report also documents New York 's failure to implement effective HIV and hepatitis C prevention programs .
" Prisons in California , New Mexico , Puerto Rico , and many other places are making condoms available and providing methadone or buprenorphine without compromising security , " said McLemore .
" There is no legitimate reason why New York State can not do the same . "
As New York State lawmakers push for reform to " Rockefeller " mandatory - minimum drug laws , Human Rights Watch called for changes to current substance abuse programs and disciplinary practices as well .
" Reforming the Rockefeller drug laws to prevent drug users from being sentenced to long prison sentences is critically important , " said McLemore .
" But timely and effective programs must be available to serve the inmates still in prison . "
Quotes from New York State lawmakers :
" Most inmates will eventually return to our communities and we must ensure strong and effective treatment programs during incarceration in order to increase the likelihood of their success upon release .
Denying treatment to inmates who suffer from a drug dependency is illogical and counterproductive to the goal of rehabilitation .
Further , I feel strongly that in - prison substance abuse programs should be subject to oversight by the Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services in order to ensure effective treatment and promote a continuum of care upon release . "
- NY State Assemblyman Jeff Aubry , chair of the Committee on Corrections
" We must ensure accountability within prisons ; we need to make sure that treatment services are going where they are needed .
At the same time , we need to ensure that we are funding education and prevention programs to stop the cycle of drug crime . "
- NY State Assemblyman Felix Ortiz , chair of the Committee on Alcohol and Substance Abuse Treatment
Quotes from prisoners interviewed in the report :
" I was in the ASAT program at Attica until a few weeks ago .
They discontinued the program because staff was transferred , and now the waiting list is over 1,000 .
Even though I get priority , here is a notice telling me that ‘ it could be a long time ' until I get into treatment again .
There 's plenty of room for me in the box , but not in a program . "
- James W. , prisoner at Attica Correctional Facility
" I 've had six or seven dirty urines .
Never any violence , just drugs .
I got a year in [ the box ] , then 18 months , then a year . [...]
I 've been in the box 14 months on the last ticket and just got another 20 months in here for possession . "
- Nathan T. , prisoner at Upstate Correctional Facility
" I 've had 15 , 16 drug tickets .
No assaults or anything like that .
I 've never been in a treatment program .
Now I 'm in the box ' til 2012 .
I 'm a drug addict .
If you know I 'm a drug addict , why are you putting me in a box ? "
- Peter G. , prisoner at Southport Correctional Facility
" I 've been in the box since 2004 on one drug ticket after another .
I 'm going to max out my sentence in here .
I 'll go home with the same habit I came in with . "
- Lawrence Y. , prisoner at Southport Correctional Facility
Google offers free software to track people John Byrne
Published : Wednesday February 4 , 2009
Print This Email
This A new piece of free Google software released today allows people to keep track of each other using their cell phones -- and while it 's opt - in , it 's sure to create a privacy firestorm .
CNET , owned by CBS News , debuted the product on the Early Show Wednesday .
It 's designed to work on any phone with Internet capabilities -- except the iPhone , one of Google 's competitors ( Google launched their own phone , Android , for T - Mobile last year ) .
Latitude " uses GPS systems and what 's called cell tower triangulation to do the job , " CBS reports .
" The software seeks the closest three cell towers and , with GPS , combines the data to show where someone is . "
It 's being marketed to help parents keep track of their children -- but commenters at the liberal forum Democratic Underground note that surreptitious installation could allow girlfriends or boyfriends , or husbands and wives , to track each others ' movements unwittingly .
" What Google Latitude does is allow you to share that location with friends and family members , and likewise be able to see friends and family members ' locations , " Steve Lee , product manager for Google Latitude , told CNET .
" For example , a girlfriend could use it to see if her boyfriend has arrived at a restaurant and , if not , how far away he is . "
Adds Lee , " To protect privacy , Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service .
People can share their precise location , the city they 're in , or nothing at all . "
A video of the product demonstration follows .
More is available here .
Select committees are almost the only place in parliament where MPs actually do what you ’d naively hope they do all the time : sit down , hear a lot of evidence on an important issue , and then have a good hard think about it .
The Science and Technology committee in particular have produced some fascinating and readable documents over the years .
The report on the abortion act offered transparent , evidence based policy advice , package up in a very good piece of accessible popular science writing .
( It also ended with a memorable tantrum from some christians ) .
The House of Lords equivalent , meanwhile , did a very good piece of work on the public understanding of science in 2000 , during the aftermath of GM and BSE .
Now SciTech has merged into DIUS , and they are asking us , which means you and me , “ the public ” , for topics that deserve a good hard think .
We have until Friday 27th February to come up with something good , and I thought you might have some interesting ideas ?
Off the top of my head , while I wait for the toilet to become free , here are a few quick thoughts :
the inappropriateness of teaching quackery badly in university science degrees ( far more important than consumers getting “ ripped off ” for pills , imho ) ;
the responsibility for accuracy in the media with regards to science , its impact on health risk behaviour , and most interestingly , the practicalities of regulation ;
the pharmaceutical industry ’s ugly habit of hiding unflattering data ;
ways of improving the access that doctors and patients have to good quality summaries of clinical evidence ;
consent and regulatory issues around the use of anonymised health records in clinical research ;
given that we struggle to engage children with science , while half of all science coverage is health , and people are clearly very engaged in these issues around risk : should evidence based medicine , basic epidemiology and trial design , be taught in schools ?
I ’m sure you ’ll have more , post them below , send them in to the committee directly ( maybe copy us in the comments for archive ) , or just hassle me to write up your half formed ideas into a nice letter for you ( and do n’t forget to ask your MP to sign this Early Day Motion on MMR and the media , it only takes five minutes ) .
Privacy in the Age of Persistence
Note :
This is n’t the first time I have written about this topic , and it surely wo n’t be the last .
I think I did a particularly good job summarizing the issues this time , which is why I am reprinting it .
Welcome to the future , where everything about you is saved .
A future where your actions are recorded , your movements are tracked , and your conversations are no longer ephemeral .
A future brought to you not by some 1984 - like dystopia , but by the natural tendencies of computers to produce data .
Data is the pollution of the information age .
It ’s a natural byproduct of every computer - mediated interaction .
It stays around forever , unless it ’s disposed of .
It is valuable when reused , but it must be done carefully .
Otherwise , its after effects are toxic .
And just as 100 years ago people ignored pollution in our rush to build the Industrial Age , today we ’re ignoring data in our rush to build the Information Age .
Increasingly , you leave a trail of digital footprints throughout your day .
Once you walked into a bookstore and bought a book with cash .
Now you visit Amazon , and all of your browsing and purchases are recorded .
You used to buy a train ticket with coins ; now your electronic fare card is tied to your bank account .
Your store affinity cards give you discounts ; merchants use the data on them to reveal detailed purchasing patterns .
Data about you is collected when you make a phone call , send an e-mail message , use a credit card , or visit a website .
A national ID card will only exacerbate this .
More computerized systems are watching you .
Cameras are ubiquitous in some cities , and eventually face recognition technology will be able to identify individuals .
Automatic license plate scanners track vehicles in parking lots and cities .
Color printers , digital cameras , and some photocopy machines have embedded identification codes .
Aerial surveillance is used by cities to find building permit violators and by marketers to learn about home and garden size .
As RFID chips become more common , they ’ll be tracked , too .
Already you can be followed by your cell phone , even if you never make a call .
This is wholesale surveillance ; not “ follow that car , ” but “ follow every car . ”
Computers are mediating conversation as well .
Face - to - face conversations are ephemeral .
Years ago , telephone companies might have known who you called and how long you talked , but not what you said .
Today you chat in e-mail , by text message , and on social networking sites .
You blog and you Twitter .
These conversations – with family , friends , and colleagues – can be recorded and stored .
It used to be too expensive to save this data , but computer memory is now cheaper .
Computer processing power is cheaper , too ; more data is cross-indexed and correlated , and then used for secondary purposes .
What was once ephemeral is now permanent .
Who collects and uses this data depends on local laws .
In the US , corporations collect , then buy and sell , much of this information for marketing purposes .
In Europe , governments collect more of it than corporations .
On both continents , law enforcement wants access to as much of it as possible for both investigation and data mining .
Regardless of country , more organizations are collecting , storing , and sharing more of it .
More is coming .
Keyboard logging programs and devices can already record everything you type ; recording everything you say on your cell phone is only a few years away .
A “ life recorder ” you can clip to your lapel that ’ll record everything you see and hear is n’t far behind .
It ’ll be sold as a security device , so that no one can attack you without being recorded .
When that happens , will not wearing a life recorder be used as evidence that someone is up to no good , just as prosecutors today use the fact that someone left his cell phone at home as evidence that he did n’t want to be tracked ?
You ’re living in a unique time in history : the technology is here , but it ’s not yet seamless .
Identification checks are common , but you still have to show your ID .
Soon it ’ll happen automatically , either by remotely querying a chip in your wallets or by recognizing your face on camera .
And all those cameras , now visible , will shrink to the point where you wo n’t even see them .
Ephemeral conversation will all but disappear , and you ’ll think it normal .
Already your children live much more of their lives in public than you do .
Your future has no privacy , not because of some police - state governmental tendencies or corporate malfeasance , but because computers naturally produce data .
Cardinal Richelieu famously said : “ If one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man , I would find something in them to have him hanged . ”
When all your words and actions can be saved for later examination , different rules have to apply .
Society works precisely because conversation is ephemeral ; because people forget , and because people do n’t have to justify every word they utter .
Conversation is not the same thing as correspondence .
Words uttered in haste over morning coffee , whether spoken in a coffee shop or thumbed on a BlackBerry , are not official correspondence .
A data pattern indicating “ terrorist tendencies ” is no substitute for a real investigation .
Being constantly scrutinized undermines our social norms ; furthermore , it ’s creepy .
Privacy is n’t just about having something to hide ; it ’s a basic right that has enormous value to democracy , liberty , and our humanity .
We ’re not going to stop the march of technology , just as we cannot un-invent the automobile or the coal furnace .
We spent the industrial age relying on fossil fuels that polluted our air and transformed our climate .
Now we are working to address the consequences .
( While still using said fossil fuels , of course . )
This time around , maybe we can be a little more proactive .
Just as we look back at the beginning of the previous century and shake our heads at how people could ignore the pollution they caused , future generations will look back at us – living in the early decades of the information age – and judge our solutions to the proliferation of data .
We must , all of us together , start discussing this major societal change and what it means .
And we must work out a way to create a future that our grandchildren will be proud of .
This essay originally appeared on the BBC.com website .
Posted on February 27 , 2009 at 6:13 AM • 80 Comments
Caperton v. A.T. Massey Coal Co. , which will be argued before the Supreme Court today , is one of the most important cases this term .
Unfortunately , much of the press coverage of this dispute is superficial and misleading -- and as a result , the public is unaware of the momentous First Amendment issues at stake .
The case has its roots in a complicated tale of political and corporate intrigue between two coal companies , leading eventually to a jury verdict of $ 50 million in favor of Hugh Caperton , owner of Harman Mining Co. , ...
New Jersey Utility Proposes $ 773 Million Solar Energy Program
February 11th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Public Service Electric and Gas ( PSE&G ) asked New Jersey regulators today to approve an ambitious $ 773 million plan to bring 120 MW of solar power to the state .
The plan , which will use brownfields and underdeveloped properties for solar generation , will eliminate 1.7 million tons of CO2 emissions .
It will also bring New Jersey 7 percent closer to its goal of getting 22.5 percent of its power from renewable energy by 2020 .
Not everyone will be happy with the new program , though — PSE&G estimates that it will add 10 cents to each customers ’ monthly bill in the first year and up to 35 cents every additional year .
PSE&G will dole out its money to four areas : neighborhood solar , local government solar , centralized solar , and affordable housing solar .
One - third of the solar panels will be placed on utility poles throughout the state .
New Jersey currently ranks second behind California in its production of solar energy — there ’s nothing like a healthy $ 773 million competition to keep California on its toes .
Photo Credit : NREL
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The surge of interest in the payment system is a recognition that despite generous state and federal incentives , the United States still lags far behind Europe in solar power .
Germany , where feed - in tariffs have been in place since 1991 , has about five times as many photovoltaic panels installed as the United States , though they still account for only 0.5 percent of electricity in that country .
In the United States , said Wilson Rickerson , a Boston energy consultant , “ a lot of people simultaneously reached the conclusion  who ’s moving fastest internationally ?
And that ’s definitely been Germany and Spain . ”
In Gainesville , the new policy has already sparked a rush to put up panels .
John Stanton , a retired civil servant living there with his wife , put 24 solar panels on his roof in late January , as city leaders sped the policy toward approval .
Gainesville ’s municipal utility will pay Mr. Stanton and other homeowners and businesses who generate solar power more than twice the standard electricity rate , guaranteeing that rate for 20 years .
“ It was the thing that sort of put us over the top , ” said Mr. Stanton , who gained an appreciation of European energy policies after living in Italy for more than a decade .
Mr. Regan said that homeowners with panels received a payment under the new policy that works out to more than a 25 percent premium over the city ’s other incentives , which include rebates and a more modest rate payment .
Wind power and other sources of renewable energy are generally included in the European payment systems , but solar  as one of the costliest renewables  has benefited the most .
Payment rates in Europe for wind are substantially lower than for solar , according to Christian Kjaer , chief executive of the European Wind Energy Association .
Image Homes with solar panels in Germany , where homeowners are paid to produce green energy .
Credit ... Karl - Josef Hildenbrand / European Pressphoto Agency
In the United States , solar panels remain prohibitively expensive  a big reason that the panels account for far less than 1 percent of electricity generation .
Generating power from the sun using rooftop panels can cost four times as much as coal , the largest and cheapest source of electricity in this country .
%3Cobject%20 width%3D%22425%22%20height%3D%22344%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22movie%22%20value%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2FlnsZLhI4zb4%26amp%3Bhl%3Den%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowFullScreen%22%20value%3D%22true%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowscriptaccess%22%20value%3D%22always%22%20%2F%3E%3Cembed%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2FlnsZLhI4zb4%26amp%3Bhl%3Den%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20type%3D%22application%2Fx-shockwave-flash%22%20allowscriptaccess%3D%22always%22%20allowfullscreen%3D%22true%22%20width%3D%22425%22%20height%3D%22344%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fembed%3E%3C%2Fobject%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from youtube.com
This is what it 's come to .
Teenagers singing " Winter Wonderland " being censored off YouTube .
Fair use has always been at risk on YouTube , thanks to abusive DMCA takedown notices sent by copyright owners ( sometimes carelessly , sometimes not ) .
But in the past several weeks , two things have made things much worse for those who want to sing a song , post an a capella tribute , or set machinima to music .
First , it appears that more and more copyright owners are using YouTube 's automated copyright filtering system ( known as the Content ID system ) , which tests all videos looking for a " match " with " fingerprints " provided by copyright owners .
Second , thanks to a recent spat between YouTube and Warner Music Group , YouTube 's Content ID tool is now being used to censor lots and lots of videos ( previously , Warner just silently shared in the advertising revenue for the videos that included a " match " to its music ) .
EFF , along with many other public interest groups , have repeatedly expressed our concerns to both copyright owners and YouTube about the dangers of automated filtering systems like the Content ID system .
These systems are still primitive and unable to distinguish a tranformative remix from copyright infringement .
So unless they leave lots of breathing room for remixed content , these filters end up sideswiping lots of fair uses .
And that 's exactly what has happened these past few weeks .
And while today it 's Warner Music , as more copyright owners start using the Content ID tool , it 'll only get worse .
Soon it may be off limits to remix anything with snippets of our shared mass media culture -- music , TV , movies , jingles , commercials .
That would be a sad irony -- copyright being used to stifle an exciting new wellspring of creativity , rather than encourage it .
It 's clear from the Warner Music experience that YouTube 's Content ID tool fails to separate the infringements from the arguable fair uses .
And while YouTube offers users the option to dispute a removal ( if it's an automated Content ID removal ) or send a formal DMCA counter - notice ( if it's an official DMCA takedown ) , many YouTube users , lacking legal help , are afraid to wave a red flag in front of Warner Music 's lawyers .
That 's a toxic combination for amateur video creators on YouTube .
So what can we do ?
First , YouTube should fix the Content ID system .
Now .
The system should not remove videos unless there is a match between the video and audio tracks of a submitted fingerprint .
When we made this suggestion in October 2007 , YouTube assured us that they were working on improving the tool .
Well , it 's been more than a year .
If YouTube is serious about protecting its users , the time has come to implement this fix .
( Some will point out that this implies that record labels and music publishers can never use the Content ID tool to remove videos solely based on what 's in the audio track .
That 's right .
I think that adding a soundtrack to your home skateboarding movie is a fair use .
If copyright owners feel differently , they can send a formal DMCA takedown notice , and with any luck , we 'll see each other in court . )
Second , YouTubers , EFF wants to help .
If Warner Music Group took down your video , ask yourself if your video is ( 1 ) noncommercial ( i.e. , no commercial advertisements or YouTube Partner videos ) and ( 2 ) includes substantial original material contributed by you ( i.e. , no verbatim copies of Warner music videos ) .
If so , and you 'd like to counternotice but are afraid of getting sued , we 'd like to hear from you .
We can't promise to take every case , but neither will we stand by and watch semi-automated takedowns trample fair use .
You can run from reason , but you can't hide !
Storage and Access of Pornographic Information
Decades ago , Jorge Luis Borges wrote about infinite libraries and perfect memory with the slightly sad air of someone who'd seen those things and knew their faults .
Today we work toward infinite libraries and perfect memory with little heed for the possible consequences .
How could it be bad to have everything possible stored ?
To remember everything ?
I do n't know that it will be bad , but I do know that it will be different from our current lives of loss and forgetting .
Right now , storing pornography causes problems even for people who have nothing especially perverted to hide : A collection of pornography gets to the heart of what it means to be a private individual .
As we move from mass media to individually produced media , from edited collections of porn ( magazines , commercially produced films ) to individual snapshots and youtube clips and stored bittorrents , the particularity of a collection of porn will be testimony to its owner 's private set of tastes .
Of course , it has always been a pain to store pornography -- and so we have the cultural trope of a stash of magazines " under the mattress " or in a box hidden in the closet .
But as the sex industry shifts toward digital publication at every level , we might imagine that mere storage will become a problem of the past , or , at least , a problem related to legacy materials ( books , magazines , videos , comic books , photographs , etc. ) .
Cheap , massive storage media means no more problem , right ?
Well , reviewers of porn find that they quickly amass more material than they will ever have time to peruse ; librarians who need to provide access to controversial and poorly cataloged material end up overwhelmed ; even casual collectors of pornography still need some way to keep track of what they have .
Toward that end , I am doing preliminary research on how people store and access their digital pornography collections .
In my early interviews , I have already encountered a fascinating mix of responses ; one person has said they store their porn " in the cloud , " while another explained his detailed system for hiding digital porn files from his partner .
As I close , I will spend some time considering how we will store the pornography that is n't even being created yet .
If science fiction author Charlie Stross is right , before long we will all be" life - logging " -- recording everything that happens to us , which of course would include all our sexual experiences .
I think we might also one day be able to indulge in fully immersive AI - driven pornographic experiences ( such as texting back - and - forth with artificially intelligent SMS - bots , sending texts and photos and audio to a perfectly responding far - away " partner " ) , and we 'll also want some way to keep those experiences .
We 'll have everything stored -- but what will the social consequences be ?
If it is trivially easy to amass a porn stash so large that it cannot be " consumed " in one person 's lifetime , should a person with a large collection of pornography be considered a pervert ?
( Hint : I do n't think so . )
If everyone has so much porn , perhaps we have nothing to hide !
Microsoft Corp. said it hired a former Wal - Mart Stores Inc. executive to help the company open its own retail stores , a strategy shift that borrows from the playbook of rival Apple Inc .
The Redmond , Wash. , company said it hired David Porter , most recently the head of world - wide product distribution at DreamWorks Animation SKG , as corporate vice president of retail stores for Microsoft .
In a statement , Microsoft said the first priority of Mr. Porter , who is also a 25 - year veteran of Wal - Mart , will be to define where to place the Microsoft stores and when to open them .
A Microsoft spokesman said the company 's current plans are for a " small number " of stores .
It remains to be seen whether the effort can add some pizzazz to Microsoft 's unfashionable image , which Apple has sought to reinforce with ads that mock its competitor .
Mr. Porter , in a statement , said there are " tremendous opportunities " for Microsoft to create a " world - class shopping experience " for the company 's customers .
" The purpose of opening these stores is to create deeper engagement with consumers and continue to learn firsthand about what they want and how they buy , " Microsoft said in a statement .
In the game of bureaucratic chicken between state officials and medical marijuana advocates , chalk one up for the stoners .
In response to a growing Colorado medical marijuana community , and reports of abuses in the unregulated industry , state health officials proposed new regulations last month that could put a stranglehold on the local medical - pot business .
Among other things , the rules would limit each medical marijuana " caregiver " to a max of five patients -- a constraint that would seem to disallow the state 's growing number of marijuana dispensaries .
At the time Ron Hyman , state registrar of vital statistics , said he expected the March 18 Colorado Board of Health hearing on the regulations to be " energetic , " but even he was n't prepared for the subsequent backlash by those who believed the state was trying to take away their voter - sanctioned marijuana ( not to mention dispensary owners who believed the state was torpedoing their voter - sanctioned livelihood ) .
After more than a hundred people swamped a minor logistical meeting on the matter last week , officials decided to delay the March 18 hearing so they could find a larger meeting room .
Now Hyman says they 're expecting to hold the hearing in June .
" I think we put a little fear in them , " says Brian Vicente , Executive Director of the drug policy reform group Sensible Colorado .
The state 's pot movement is growing stronger all the time .
Medical marijuana advocates have been emboldened by new attorney general Eric Holder 's announcement that the Justice Department will stop raiding marijuana dispensaries , not to mention President Barack Obama 's recent decision to fill his drug czar position with Gil Kerlikowske , police chief in Seattle , where the medical marijuana and " decriminalization " laws are similar to Denver's .
An unnamed source notes that an entrepreneur is looking to open a medical marijuana dispensary around the Highlands neighborhood , and word has it that dispensaries are starting to open up on the Western Slope .
While most Colorado dispensaries so far are small - scale operations , it 's likely only be a matter of time before a large - scale enterprise -- think the Walgreens of ganja -- rolls into town .
But even Vicente believes the state 's medical marijuana scene could use additional regulating .
Instead of the new rules proposed by the state , though , he'd like to see a task force involving health administrators , law enforcement patients , caregivers and advocates come together to consider new dispensary rules such as advertising and location restrictions , sales tax obligations and quality control measures .
Hyman is n't opposed to such a working group -- but that does n't mean the state will put the kibosh on its proposed regulations .
" Once we are able to confirm exactly where we are going to hold the hearing and have an exact date , we will send out another notice , " says Hyman .
" I 'm guessing we need room for at least several hundred .
We are trying to find a place that can handle that size crowd and has adequate parking and handicapped access . "
Considering those prerequisites , here 's a possibility : Red Rocks Amphitheatre .
Maybe even Widespread Panic would play .
For lots of the marijuana advocates in attendance , it 'll be just like old times .
" Spongebob Squarepants , " " Dora the Explorer " and Jon Stewart soon might be pulled off Time Warner Cable systems in Los Angeles and around the country if the cable operator and Viacom Inc. cannot reach a new contract before midnight tomorrow .
The move could knock Viacom 's cable channels , which include Nickelodeon , MTV , VH1 and Comedy Central off nearly 2 million households in Los Angeles .
" We 've been attempting to negotiate in good faith but they seem to taken it to the brink .
Unfortunately , we are now at an impasse , " said Philippe Dauman , chief executive of Viacom Inc .
" It 's unfortunate for all of our viewers should they lose the ability to watch our programming . "
Viacom 's license agreement with Time Warner Cable , which serves 12.3 million homes in the U.S. , is set to expire at midnight Wednesday .
If no deal is reached , Time Warner must take the Viacom channels off its cable systems and use alternative programming instead .
" Advertising revenue stinks so they are looking to stick our customers for the difference , " said Alex Dudley , Time Warner Cable spokesman .
" They are holding our customers hostage for a bunch of networks with sagging ratings and only one or two good channels .
We have to hold the line for our customers . "
Viacom said that it is asking for an increase of about 25 cents per month for the package of channels , which comes to about $ 3 a year per customer .
Time Warner said that could trigger cable networks to demand higher fees as well , which ultimately could add as much $ 30 a year to a subscribers ' bill .
This would n't be the first time that a cable channel has gone dark .
It is not unusual for cable networks and cable system operators to pull or block programming during difficult negotiations .
In 2004 , for example , Viacom 's cable channels disappeared from EchoStar 's Dish Network for two days while both sides quarelled over the terms of a new contract .
Earlier , Time Warner blocked ABC from its cable systems in New York during a breakdown in contract negotiations with parent company Disney involving carriage of its cable networks such as the Disney Channel and Toon Disney .
But the high - stakes dispute could prove to be different this time around because much of Viacom 's programming , including Comedy Central 's John Stewart and Steven Colbert , is now available free online .
Moreover , Viacom no longer owns CBS , so it can't threaten to pull the network off cable systems on the eve of NFL playoffs , as leverage in negotiations .
The hard - nosed tactics also come at a time when Viacom 's stock is trading at historic lows and the company 's controlling shareholder , Sumner Redstone , is facing hard choices in refinacing the debt of his holding company , National Amusements Inc .
-- Meg James
Photos : Left : Philippe Dauman , chief executive , Viacom Inc. ( Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images ) ; Right : Glenn Britt , chief executive , Time Warner Cable ( Seth Wenig / AP )
Ryan O'Neal Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge
In September 2008 , actorand his sonwere both arrested .
This came after a surprise search of the actor 's home by police officials who were doing a probation check on Redmond .
Today the senior O'Neal was in court and plead guilty to a felony drug charge of possessing a controlled substance .
The 67 years old actor was sentenced to participate in a 18 - month drug program while his son is awaiting his hearing on February 20th .
The September police search uncovered drugs in Redmond 's bedroom along with a vile in Ryan 's bedroom .
While awaiting his day in court , Ryan 's lawyer has professed his clients innocence and promised that he would be vindicated .
We 're not sure what happened but pleading guilty clearly tells a different story .
Redmond 's mother is actress Farrah Fawcett .
Sadly the O'Neal family has been plagued with addiction issues .
Daughter Tatum O'Neal was also arrested in 2008 .
Read her story here .
Ryan 's oldest son , Griffin O'Neal recently spoke out about his family 's addiction issues here .
You can view the father and son mugshots here .
# Chapter Listen
1 Al - Fātiĥah ( The Opening ) Listen
2 Al - Baqarah ( The Cow ) Listen
3 ' Āli ` Imrān ( The Family of ' Imran ) Listen
4 An- Nisā ' ( Women ) Listen
5 Al - Mā'idah ( The Table ) Listen
6 Al -' An`ām ( Cattle ) Listen
7 Al -' A`rāf ( The Heights ) Listen
8 Al -' Anfāl ( Spoils of War )
Listen
9 At - Tawbah ( Repentance ) Listen
10 Yūnus ( Jonah ) Listen
11 Hūd ( Hud ) Listen
12 Yūsuf ( Joseph ) Listen
13 Ar - Ra`d ( The Thunder ) Listen
14 ' Ibrāhīm ( Abraham ) Listen
15 Al - Ĥijr ( Stone Land ) Listen
16 An - Naĥl ( The Bee ) Listen
17 Al - ' Isrā ' ( The Night Journey ) Listen
18 Al - Kahf ( The Cave ) Listen
19 Maryam ( Mary )
Listen
20 Ţāhā ( Ta - Ha )
Listen
21 Al -' Anbyā ' ( The Prophets ) Listen
22 Al - Ĥaj ( The Pilgrimage ) Listen
23 Al - Mu'uminūn ( The Believers ) Listen
24 An - Nūr ( The Light ) Listen
25 Al - Furqān ( The Criterion ) Listen
26 Ash - Shu`arā ' ( The Poets ) Listen
27 An - Naml ( The Ant ) Listen
28 Al - Qaşaş ( The Stories ) Listen
29 Al - `Ankabūt ( The Spider ) Listen
30 Ar - Rūm ( The Romans ) Listen
31 Luqmān ( Luqman ) Listen
32 As - Sajdah ( The Prostration ) Listen
33 Al - ' Aĥzāb ( The Combined Forces ) Listen
34 Saba ' ( Sheba )
Listen
35 Fāţir ( Originator ) Listen
36 Yā- Sīn ( Yaa - Seen ) Listen
37 Aş - Şāffāt ( Those who set the Ranks ) Listen
38 Şād ( The Letter Sad ) Listen
39 Az - Zumar ( The Troops ) Listen
40 Ghāfir ( The Forgiver God ) Listen
41 Fuşşilat ( Explained in Detail ) Listen
42 Ash - Shūraá ( Consultation ) Listen
43 Az - Zukhruf ( Ornaments of Gold ) Listen
44 Ad-Dukhān ( Smoke ) Listen
45 Al - Jāthiyah ( Crouching ) Listen
46 Al - ' Aĥqāf ( The Wind Curved Sandhills ) Listen
47 Muĥammad ( Muhammad ) Listen
48 Al - Fatĥ ( Victory ) Listen
49 Al - Ĥujurāt ( The Private Apartments ) Listen
50 Qāf ( The Letter Qaf ) Listen
51 Adh - Dhāriyāt ( The Winnowing Winds ) Listen
52 Aţ - Ţūr ( The Mount ) Listen
53 An - Najm ( The Star ) Listen
54 Al - Qamar ( The Moon ) Listen
55 Ar- Raĥmān ( The Beneficent ) Listen
56 Al - Wāqi`ah ( The Inevitable ) Listen
57 Al - Ĥadīd ( The Iron ) Listen
58 Al - Mujādila ( She That Disputeth ) Listen
59 Al - Ĥashr ( Exile ) Listen
60 Al - Mumtaĥanah ( She that is to be examined ) Listen
61 Aş - Şaf ( Battle Array ) Listen
62 Al - Jumu`ah ( Friday ) Listen
63 Al - Munāfiqūn ( The Hypocrites ) Listen
64 At - Taghābun ( Mutual Disillusion ) Listen
65 Aţ - Ţalāq ( Divorce ) Listen
66 At - Taĥrīm ( Prohibition ) Listen
67 Al - Mulk ( The Sovereignty ) Listen
68 Al - Qalam ( The Pen ) Listen
69 Al - Ĥāqqa ( The Reality ) Listen
70 Al - Ma`ārij ( The Ascending Stairways ) Listen
71 Nūĥ ( Nooh )
Listen
72 Al - Jinn ( The Jinn ) Listen
73 Al - Muzzammil ( The Enshrouded One ) Listen
74 Al - Muddaththir ( The Cloaked One ) Listen
75 Al - Qiyāmah ( The Rising of The Dead ) Listen
76 Al -' Insān ( Man )
Listen
77 Al - Mursalāt ( The Emissaries ) Listen
78 An - Naba ' ( The Tidings ) Listen
79 An - Nāzi`āt ( Those who drag forth ) Listen
80 `Abasa ( He frowned ) Listen
81 At - Takwīr ( The Overthrowing ) Listen
82 Al - ' Infiţār ( The Cleaving ) Listen
83 Al - Muţaffifīn ( Defrauding ) Listen
84 Al - ' Inshiqāq ( The Sundering ) Listen
85 Al - Burūj ( The Mansions of the Stars ) Listen
86 Aţ - Ţāriq ( The Nightcomer ) Listen
87 Al - '`laá ( The Most High ) Listen
88 Al - Ghāshiyah ( The Overwhelming ) Listen
89 Al - Fajr ( The Dawn ) Listen
90 Al - Balad ( The City ) Listen
91 Ash - Shams ( The Sun ) Listen
92 Al - Layl ( The Night ) Listen
93 Ad - Dhuha ( The Morning Hours ) Listen
94 Ash - Sharĥ ( Relief ) Listen
95 At - Tīn ( The Fig ) Listen
96 Al - `Alaq ( The Clot ) Listen
97 Al - Qadr ( Power ) Listen
98 Al - Bayyinah ( The Clear Proof ) Listen
99 Az - Zalzalh ( The Earthquake ) Listen
100 Al - `Ādiyāt ( The Courser ) Listen
101 Al - Qāri`ah ( The Calamity ) Listen
102 At - Takāthur ( Rivalry in wealth ) Listen
103 Al - `Aşr ( The Declining Day ) Listen
104 Al - Humazah ( The Traducer ) Listen
105 Al - Fīl ( The Elephant ) Listen
106 Quraysh ( Winter - Quraysh ) Listen
107 Al - Mā`ūn ( Small Kindnesses )
Listen
108 Al - Kawthar ( Abundance ) Listen
109 Al - Kāfirūn ( The Disbelievers ) Listen
110 An - Naşr ( Divine Support ) Listen
111 Al - Masad ( The Flame ) Listen
112 Al -' Ikhlāş ( Sincerity ) Listen
113 Al - Falaq ( The Daybreak ) Listen
Hi !
Here are the latest Insider stories .
Close as it is to the historic and politically radioactive Old City of Jerusalem , when Naji Qafishi built his two - storey house in the Silwan district in 1994 , he hardly expected it to be at the core of a global debate over the future of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Even now , he is more worried about the impact of the demolition order for the property on the 14 people who live in its four rooms – his three sons , daughters - in - law and grandchildren .
" My grandson Naji , who is seven , came home from school yesterday .
He got 96 in his test – and he said , ' Grandad , how will I be able to study if our house is destroyed ? ' "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" I felt very bad about what he said .
He is only in the first grade , " said Mr Qafishi , 54 , an unemployed former building worker .
Naji 's mother , his daughter - in - law , had fallen into depression because of the threat to the home .
But Mr Qafishi – who walks most Fridays from his house in the Old City 's historic basin to the Al Aqsa mosque 10 minutes to pray – is not alone .
His house is one of 88 in Silwan 's crowded Bustan neighbourhood to have been served with similar orders , to make way for an archaeological park and tourist site – or what one of the plan 's opponents , the Israeli lawyer Daniel Seidemann , calls " something with the trappings of a Jewish evangelical theme park of the religious - nationalist right ... an ersatz biblical village . "
This is no mere local zoning row .
The largest planned demolition operation in Jerusalem since the Six Day War in 1967 , it would trigger the eviction of 1,500 residents in what Palestinian officials say amounts to ethnic cleansing .
The project by the government , Jerusalem 's mayor , Nir Barkat , and the settler organisations has become a potential flashpoint and the most imminent test of whether Arab East Jerusalem can ever become the capital of a future Palestinian state or remain entrenched in Israel , as the Prime Minister - designate Benjamin Netanyahu says he wants it to be .
Which is why on Wednesday the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the demolition plans were " unhelpful " , not in keeping with Israel 's international obligations and a matter she would raise with the country 's authorities .
" It is clearly a matter of deep concern to those who are directly affected .
But the ramifications go far beyond the individuals and the families that have received the notices , " she said .
The Jerusalem municipality says most of the houses were built without permits , like Mr Qafishi's , although it has accepted the £ 585 council tax he has paid annually for the past 15 years .
A spokesman for Mr Barkat said that " illegal building is illegal wherever it is . "
But Mr Seidemann points out that while Israelis simply apply for a building permit , Palestinians have to undergo the " Sisyphean " process of submitting a detailed town planning scheme , only 125 of which were granted across all of East Jerusalem last year .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Seidemann , the chairman of Ir Amim , which supports a pluralist , shared Jerusalem , says the planning regime has sought to preserve what the authorities call the " demographic balance " of Jerusalem – in other words " ensuring a solid Jewish majority " .
It is not only houses built without permits that are threatened .
Mohammed Badran , 47 , shares his house with his two brothers and their families – 25 people in all .
It was built in 1961 , when the area was under Jordanian rule .
Moreover he has the British mandate deed in the name of his great - grandmother to prove that the land has been in his family for more than 80 years .
What 's more , the Badran brothers not only pay more than £ 1000 council tax a year , they have spent most of their working lives employed by the municipality which now wants to evict them .
Mr Badran successfully fought a previous demolition order in the courts four years ago , foregoing an expensive computer for his blind son to pay the lawyers ' fees .
But the family says the stay of execution was granted only on condition that the plans to build a park in Bustan did not go ahead .
The purpose of that plan from 2005 , which now threatens to become a reality for the Badrans , was officially described as to " strengthen Jerusalem as the capital of Israel " .
The plan is to develop the historic basin and the Mount of Olives above it at a cost of £ 66 m .
The development provides for a cable car running from the Old City possibly to the Mount of Olives and what Mr Seidemann says are " escalators running through the most important archaeological site on the planet " .
Mr Seidemann believes the plan is " dangerous " to the city 's stability and potentially fatal to a two - state solution .
He says for all its encroachments in East Jerusalem since 1967 , Israel has always treated the religious and cultural " complexity of this area with a good deal of reverence .
But this is a clear departure from maintaining the cultural and religious integrity " of the city .
He believes the plan could ignite the city , as did the building of a tunnel from the Western Wall to the Muslim quarter , which caused lethal rioting , and the walk Ariel Sharon took on the Temple Mount / Haram al - Sharif , which helped to trigger the second intifada .
Beyond that , he says it could even to turn a basically political and territorial conflict into a fundamentalist religious one .
Its impact on a peace deal could be just as devastating , not least because it could create a new humanitarian refugee problem of profound significance , however historically small in scale , because of its location .
" This is a deal breaker , " says Mr Seidemann .
" There will not be a peace agreement under any kind of foreseeable circumstances [ for ] 10 , 20 , 30 years , [ if you create ] a new category of Palestinian refugee .
I consider the settler activities in Silwan to be a highly disproportionate strategic threat not only to the nature of the conflict and the viability and character of the city but also to a two state solution . "
Mr Badran 's concerns are more immediate .
" This is the house where I was born .
I am attached to Silwan . "
Although a Muslim , he adds : " The water of Silwan is the holy water Jesus used to heal a blind man . "
The municipality has raised the possibility of compensation but like Mr Qafishi , he says he will not accept it and adds he turned down a $ 10 m offer for the house 12 years ago .
He refers to Mayor Barkat 's description of Bustan as " The Valley of the King " and says : " Would King David have agreed to have me evicted from my house to build a garden in his name ?
I do n't think so . "
Bulldozer ' terrorist ' :
Driver shot dead
A Palestinian driver crashed his bulldozer into a police car and a bus at one of Jerusalem 's busiest road junctions yesterday before police and a taxi driver shot him dead .
An open Koran was found in the " terrorist " driver 's cabin , a police spokesman told reporters .
The driver was identified as Marei Radaydeh , a West Bank construction worker in his mid-20s who lived with his family in the Arab East Jerusalem neighbourhood of Beit Hanina .
Hamas said the attack was a " natural response " to Israel 's demolition of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem and to the Israeli military offensive in the Gaza Strip .
The bulldozer first turned over a police car , injuring two officers inside , and then slammed the car into a bus before the attacker was killed .
No one on the bus was hurt .
reuters
Greek farmers protest government and EU policies
By Markus Salzmann
27 January 2009
Greek farmers protested for most of last week against the agricultural policy of the conservative government led by Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis .
Their anger is directed against drastically falling prices for their products , which have drastically undermined their incomes .
They are demanding state subsidies and tax exemptions for their products .
Beginning last Tuesday , several thousand farmers blocked important traffic junctions across the country and at border crossings .
On Friday traffic was brought to standstill at 20 important junctions on the Greek mainland and on the island of Crete .
The most important north - south transport route between Athens and the port of Thessaloniki was closed in several places with drivers forced to make time - consuming detours over mountain roads .
Farmers also temporarily occupied the main airport on Crete outside its capital city Heraklion , resulting in a total of 17 flights being cancelled .
Farmers used their tractors to block the border crossings to Macedonia at Evzonoi- Bogorodica , one of the most frequented north - south road links in the Balkan region .
Kilometer - long traffic jams developed , with similar jams on the border to Bulgaria at Exohi- Kulata .
At the latter border , farmers intent on crossing over into Bulgaria to protest clashed with police who tried to stop them crossing to the Bulgarian side .
The Greek border with Turkey at Kipoi - Ipsala was also blocked for a time .
The protests are a consequence of the intolerable living conditions confronting farmers in Greece .
For years their incomes have declined as general price inflation increased .
According to the farmers ' trade union , the income of farmers has decreased during the past 10 years by around 24 percent .
" We are unable to make any sort of living " , was the complaint by angry farmers , who had closed off the country 's most important north - south route close to the city of Larissa last week .
There has been a series of protests by farmers in recent years against the constant decline in prices paid for their produce on the agricultural commodities market .
But at the beginning of this year the situation worsened drastically , with prices for agricultural products sinking to around half the level of the previous year .
According to the farmers ' union , farmers received 44 cents per kilo of corn in 2007 .
In 2008 this figure had fallen to between 11 and 13 cents .
In 2008 the price paid to farmers for a kilo of oil was about € 3 ; in the meantime this figure has nearly halved .
The price for cotton sunk from 40 cents to around 17 cents per kilo .
Wheat prices slumped from 30 - 34 cents per kilo to just 17 cents .
The protests are also directed against the European Union , which is jointly responsible for the decline in prices and has also constantly cut the level of subsidies to farmers .
The entry by Greece into the European Union led to a decimation of agricultural production .
At the date of its entry into the EU in 1981 , 24 percent of the Greek population was active in the agricultural sector .
Today this figure stands at around 10 percent .
Athens received more than € 50 billion from Brussels for the restructuring of its agricultural sector , but in fact the consequences were dire for Greek farmers .
Today a third of Greece 's annual wheat demand must be covered by imports from foreign countries .
The country 's biggest opposition party , the social - democratic Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) , led the government nearly continuously throughout the 1980s and initiated both the country 's entry into the European Union and the " modernization " of its agriculture on the basis of instructions from Brussels .
In 1997 , when similar protests by farmers took place for a number of weeks , the PASOK government cracked down hard on the farmers .
It intervened with state forces that sabotaged the farmer 's tractors , punctured their tires and cleared the protesters from the highways with a massive show of police force .
Farmers can only shake their heads in amazement and anger when PASOK now cynically declares it is on their side .
A declaration by the government that it would agree to a €500 million aid package for the farmers has also been greeted with ridicule .
A spokesman for the farmers declared , " These are just crumbs offered by the state ... we will blockade everything ... " .
In fact , the €500 million package is merely a drop in the ocean .
Last year when it became clear that the Greek economy and the country 's banks were suffering due to the international financial crisis , the conservative New Democracy government immediately decided upon an emergency rescue package for the banks totalling € 28 billion .
Farmers also have bitter memories of unfulfilled government promises following the devastating forest fires of last year .
Initially , the government promised to help all those farmers who had lost their homes and farms due to the fires .
In fact , only about 20 percent of affected farmers received favourable credits and aid payments .
With the economic situation in Greece spiralling out of control in the wake of the finance crisis , further budget cuts in agriculture and across the board are inevitable .
Political circles and the media sought to present the protests by farmers as an isolated phenomenon centred on the interests of a small group .
However , such protests must be seen in connection with the series of protests by Greek students and young people that peaked in December .
The latter protests have their roots in the catastrophic conditions prevailing in the country 's schools and universities .
The education sector has also been a victim of continuous cuts and savings measures made at the behest of big business and banking interests .
As is the case with the student protests , the demonstrations by farmers have also won the support of the majority of the population .
Despite substantial inconvenience for many drivers and small businessmen , many of them spontaneously supported the action taken by farmers at the road blockades .
Such popular support stands in stark contrast to the hypocritical declarations of solidarity made by the Greek Communist Party ( KKE ) and the Coalition of the Radical Left ( Syriza ) .
While the secretary - general of the KKE , Aleka Papariga , has taken every opportunity to line up alongside the farmers for media photo - shoots , her party was a bitter opponent of the student protests and has sought to bolster the ND government by refraining from calling for fresh elections .
Syriza has also declared it supports the farmers ' demands for tax exemptions and additional subsidies .
A spokesman for Syriza declared it would lobby in the European parliament on behalf of the Greek farmers .
In fact , such support by Syriza only serves to encourage illusions in bourgeois institutions such as the EU and is aimed at nipping any protests in the bud .
A great advertising campaign by the people of Rios Illustration Studio of Brazil .
via Acriacao
O oops !
It seems the page you ’re looking for can not be found .
That ’s makes me sad .
This can happen because some of my material is date sensitive and expires automatically … such as the Weekend Reading articles .
Well , never mind .
Here is some alternative reading that you might enjoy .
These are the top 10 articles on Scrumology :
Over the past few weeks , an unprecedented number of you have used NORML ’s Capwiz tools to write your legislators in support of pending marijuana law reform in your state .
In fact , so far this week more than 2,500 of you have taken the time to e-mail your elected officials !
And while this tally is impressive — and your actions are making a political difference — think about this :
Did you know that each time a legislator hears from a constituent , they count it as representing much more than that one person ’s opinion ?
The numbers below illustrate just how much of a difference you can make by sending an e-mail , writing a letter , or placing a call .
one e-mail represents 100 people
one letter represents 500 people
one phone call represents 500 people
one personal visit represents 1000 people
In other words , the 2,500 e-mails ( and counting ) generated this week represent the public opinion of 250,000 !
And those 8,500 e-mails generated by NORML supporters in February represent the public opinion of 850,000 Americans !
Is it any wonder that legislators in Montana , New Jersey , Illinois , and Minnesota have all voted in favor marijuana law reform in just the past few days ?
Politicians in those states heard from you — and they received the message loud and clear .
And they have responded !
With this kind of strong showing of support , how could they not have ?
Of course , now is hardly the time to rest on our collective laurels .
In fact , now is the time to step up our efforts and make our voices heard at an even higher decibel !
If you have n’t written your state elected officials , now is the time to visit NORML ’s Action Alert page and do so .
If you have already written your state senator and representative , why not pick up the phone today and give them a personal phone call ?
Or even better , if legislation is currently pending before a Committee in your state , take time out to call the Chairperson of that Committee and urge him or her to support sensible marijuana law reform .
Need contact information ?
You can find it all here .
In the coming days , legislators in Rhode Island , New Hampshire , and Montana will hold hearings and / or votes on significant marijuana reform measures .
On Tuesday , March 10 , members of the Montana House Judiciary Committee will hear testimony in favor of House Bill 541 , which seeks to reduce marijuana possession penalties to a $ 100 fine !
Want to see this proposal become law ?
Then consider sending and e-mail or getting on the phone .
In the fifteen years I ’ve been with NORML , I ’ve never witnessed legislators more responsive to enacting common sense pot law reform than right now .
But that does n’t mean that they do n’t need to hear from you .
So keep up the pressure and act now !
Changes are on the horizon , and your efforts are helping to make them a reality .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Mr Obama faced down one uncomfortable question Barack Obama 's second televised presidential news conference saw him in combative mood , pundits and bloggers judged after his prime - time White House performance .
Online reaction was dominated by the president 's minor spat with a TV reporter , his repeated calls for patience from the American people and the distinct lack of discussion of foreign affairs .
Mr Obama took 13 questions , almost exclusively focussed on domestic affairs .
Most of those centred on the economic and financial crisis .
" This is a new world we 're living in , after seven years of al - Qaeda , Iraq and Afghanistan , " wrote Helene Cooper , live - blogging the news conference for The Caucus blog at New York Times .
" Hard to imagine a Bush press conference focusing so singularly on the economy , but then , these are clearly different times . "
In the week Mr Obama 's first budget heads to Congress , and with concerns growing over the pace of US economic recovery , the president appears to have lost some of his inaugural sheen .
I 'm not sure it was worth the political capital of sucking - up another hour of primetime
National Review Online Jonah Goldberg Over at The Atlantic , Marc Ambinder said Mr Obama may have hammered his economic message home but remained " defensive " on the subject of the expanding US budget deficit .
" Obama acknowledges that the deficit is going to be quite large in the future and ... he wants to convince the American people that passing his 2010 budget is necessary to fix the economy .
" His argument - that they [ deficits ] are necessary for change - has n't evolved much from the campaign , and his vague promises about Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security reform could have come from the lips of any politician . "
' Media harping '
If a White House news conference can be said to have a flashpoint , Tuesday 's came amid questioning over the scale of bonuses paid to executives of bailed - out insurer AIG .
Pundits doubt US TV networks will give Obama more free air time Reporters " harped constantly on the deficit " , noted Mike Madden on Salon.com , " practically ignoring Obama 's remarks on how he would spend federal money in order to ask him why he would spend so much of it " .
And when a CNN correspondent pressed Mr Obama on the time it took him to respond to the AIG issue , the president issued a swift retort .
" It took us a couple of days because I like to know what I 'm talking about before I speak , " he said .
On the Washington Post 's 44 blog , Ben Pershing credited both reporter and president : " Forceful at several moments , the president reserved his strongest answer for what turned out to be the sharpest question of the night . "
For Newsday 's Dan Janison , the exchange was " one of those political inkblot tests " destined to be interpreted differently by supporters of different political creeds .
' Toned down '
Two months into Mr Obama 's administration , clear scepticism about the president 's handling of the economic crisis is beginning to emerge .
Jonah Goldberg , blogging at the National Review Online , gave the president a B - grade for Monday night 's routine .
" He did n't hurt himself , but I do n't see how he helped himself .
He still seems presidential , even though he was often longwinded .
" He had some good answers and some bad , politically speaking .
But it was unmemorable in the end and I 'm not sure it was worth the political capital of suckingup another hour of primetime . "
That was a view echoed by former White House press secretary Mike McCurry , debating the night 's events at Politico.com .
" I think we may have seen the last ' freebie ' tonight , " McCurry wrote .
" The major networks will not give up a narrow prime - time , revenue - generating hour for an occasion whence the president rehearses a prepared ( even important ) message . "
Even the left - leaning Huffington Post conceded that Mr Obama was now toning things down at a time of great national concern .
" Even when the topic ventured into the realm of international relations , the president brought the discussion right back to the home front , " Sam Stein wrote .
" In what served as a crescendo to the whole event , he addressed a question on the status of Israeli - Palestinian relations by , in essence , asking the public for a bit of patience . "
Back at Politico , Jeff Emmanuel from RedState.com said both president and press left him wanting more .
" Sooner or later the press will begin asking Mr Obama why he seems almost allergic to specifics in anything he says , be it answer , speech , or policy proposal .
" This was not that night . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Midweek Mental Greening
I read an interesting article over at the Seattle Post - Intelligencer a few weeks ago about the mental health benefits of all things green ( we ’re talking actual living plants this time , folks – not recycling and cutting down on carbon footprints ) .
In the article , Mike Roizen and Mehmet Oz ( or , the You Docs – the guys behind RealAge.com ) , outline some of the benefits of being surrounded by leafy green plant life and why city dwellers ( or anyone who lives in a not - so - green area , really ) should consider welcoming a new green addition or two to the family .
Such benefits included lowered blood pressure , reduced stress , lung protection , and fewer sick days .
I ’ve never been big on houseplants .
Do n’t get me wrong – I love them and would have them in every room if I could keep them alive .
But , apparently my family ’s green thumb skips a generation every so often .
The only one I ’ve ever had success with has been a six - foot tall fake “ tree ” that my mother pawned off on me when I left the nest a few years ago – one that I ’ve dragged with me to every apartment and house since .
Apparently , just the look of a plant is beneficial , too – I love that thing .
Anyway , frustrated with my …what do you call the opposite of green thumb ?
and feeling adventurous ( I ’m starting my first veggie garden this year – why not try to keep a houseplant alive , too ? ) , I did some houseplant research that should benefit a variety of folks .
The mental health benefits of a houseplant should n’t be thwarted by the frustration and stress of trying to choose one and keep it alive , after all .
The Best Houseplants for Beginners :
This Lowes.com article lists numerous houseplants that are great for those just beginning to cultivate their green thumbs , as well as general plant care requirements and the features that make them excellent choices .
24 of the Easiest Houseplants You Can Grow : Better Homes and Gardens is always a good resource for these kinds of things , and this article about 24 different houseplants , their growing conditions , and their best features lives up to that standard .
Homegrown Healing :
Take a look at this Prevention article to find out which houseplants are best for which rooms .
( Lavender in the bedroom ?
No surprise there . )
Top 6 Blooming Houseplants :
As its title suggests , this iVillage.com piece showcases the best plants to choose if you want a houseplant with a pretty , fragrant bloom .
PlantCare.com : Aside from acting as a one - stop shop for everything with a root , PlantCare.com is super cool because it allows you to search its plant encyclopedia for just the right plant based on type , best environment , light and humidity requirements , and skill level ( yours ) .
PlantIdeas.com : Already decided which plants you want ?
The houseplants section over at PlantIdeas.com offers an extensive list of plants great for indoors , as well as information about how to care for them .
So , what about you ?
Have any stories about how your own green thumb has benefited your mental health ?
Share with us !
Spruce Up Your Mental Health : Bring the Green Indoors
Renewable energy , such as from photovoltaic electricity and ethanol , today supplies less than 7 percent of U.S. consumption .
If we leave aside hydroelectric power , it is under 4.5 percent .
Globally , renewables provide only about 3.5 percent of electricity and even less of transportation fuels .
Vertebrate animals come in all shapes and sizes .
But some have evolved truly bizarre forms .
With beaks instead of teeth and shells formed by the ribs and other bits , turtles surely rank among the strangest of our backboned brethren .
Indeed , paleontologists have long puzzled over how turtles acquired their odd traits and who their closest relatives are .
Previously , much of what researchers knew about turtle origins derived from fossils of Proganochelys from Germany .
Based on that creature , with its heavily built shell and spiked plates covering the neck and tail , researchers had proposed that turtles were kissing cousins of a group of extinct armored reptiles known as pareiasaurs .
They also suggested that the first turtles lived on land , where a shield is a useful defense for a slow - footed creature .
Proganochelys furnished no clues to how the turtle shell evolved , however , because its own carapace is fully formed .
A newfound fossil from southwestern China ’s Guizhou Province paints a rather different picture of the origin of turtles and illuminates how their trademark armature took shape .
Dating back to 220 million years ago , this transitional creature , named Odontochelys semitestacea ( “ half - shelled turtle with teeth ” ) , is the oldest and most primitive turtle on record .
Researchers led by Chun Li of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing describe the fossil in the November 27 , 2008 , issue of Nature .
Odontochelys possesses a plastron — the flat , lower half of the shell that protects the animal ’s soft belly — but lacks the domed upper half .
What this suggests , Li and his colleagues say , is that the shell evolved from the bottom up .
In addition , the deposits that yielded the fossil indicate that this animal lived in a marine environment .
If so , the plastron would have shielded the turtle ’s underside from predators approaching from below .
Odontochelys also lacks osteoderms , bony plates in the skin that form the armor of reptiles such as crocodiles and dinosaurs .
Some specialists had proposed that the turtle ’s shell began as rows of osteoderms that gradually , over millions of years , fused to form a carapace .
In fact , last October researchers writing in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B reported on a 210 - million - year - old turtle fossil from New Mexico believed to support exactly that hypothesis .
But critics have countered that findings from turtle embryology hinted that the backbones and ribs morphed to make a shell .
Odontochelys bolsters the theory that ribs flattened and spread to form the top of the shell .
The absence of osteoderms in Odontochelys also challenges the idea that turtles are closely related to pareiasaurs .
Taken together with molecular data , the new evidence aligns the shelled vertebrates with another group of reptiles , the diapsids .
Some aspects of the discovery team ’s interpretation of Odontochelys have alternative explanations , however .
In a commentary accompanying the Nature paper , paleontologists Robert Reisz and Jason Head of the University of Toronto Mississauga argue that the animal did have an upper shell , just one that had not fully ossified .
If correct , their supposition would suggest that the form of this animal ’s shell , rather than being a primitive intermediate , is a specialized adaptation .
It turns out that aquatic turtles often have smaller , more delicate upper shells compared with their landlubber counterparts , as seen in sea turtles and snapping turtles .
Thus , rather than showing that turtles evolved in the water , Reisz and Head contend , Odontochelys may signal an early invasion of the water by turtles that originated on terra firma .
“ The morphology of Odontochelys suggests that this story is more complex and more interesting than suggested ” by Li and his co-authors , Reisz remarks .
“ We feel that Odontochelys is not the final answer ; it is instead one more piece in the fascinating puzzle of turtle origins . ”
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Shell Game " .
Like just about everyone else , political extremists with the potential for violence have gone online .
Everything from diatribes by known terrorists to recruitment videos make their first appearances on websites , leading many , both in government and out , wondering how best to tackle the dangers that this material ( and the people behind it ) poses .
A new study by the The International Centre For The Study Of Radicalisation And Political Violence ( ICSR ) has performed an analysis of the issues and released a report that suggests the best way to deal with the material may be to tackle the offline activities of those who produce it .
The ICSR is a joint project formed by an international coalition of academic institutions .
The current report , however , is focused on the British experience , suggesting it was primarily the product of people based at King 's College , London .
Although some of the material in the report is specific to the UK , a fair bit of it probably applies fairly generally to the experience in other nations .
One of the first of the things that probably applies to most countries is that a lack of a thorough understanding of the Internet heightens fear of what 's happening online ; without knowing the features and limits of online communications , people have exaggerated concerns .
" Awful things are said to happen on extremist websites and in Internet chat rooms , but few are able to identify what exactly it is that causes so much concern , " the authors wrote .
" As a result , many of the policy proposals that are currently in circulation are either irrelevant or unworkable . "
One example the authors provide is that many citizens think the same approaches that target sexual exploitation of children online should work with material associated with violent extremists groups .
Not so , the authors conclude : " The comparison with efforts to counter child sexual abuse on the Internet is flawed , because much of the material involved in child sexual abuse is clearly illegal and there are no political constituencies which might be offended if repressive action is taken against it . "
The typical content of extremist groups contains a mixture of threats and speech that is protected in most liberal democracies due to its political nature .
Accordingly , a blanket attack on extremist content is likely to produce a political backlash , since it will inevitably encompass content from mainstream political groups .
Because extremist content encompasses such a broad range of material , the approach commonly taken with exploitative imagery — some sort of content filtering — wo n't work , according to the authors .
( Given the Australian experience , it 's somewhat surprising they think this sort of filtering is working , but the authors highlight BT 's Cleanfeed project as a success . )
Lots of extremist content is dynamic — it takes place on message boards and in chatrooms — and the rest can be easily moved or mirrored .
Blacklists would backfire
More generally , the authors argue that the sort of blacklists required for these systems will inevitably be discovered .
When they are , because the topic is so high - profile , the list of banned sites will inevitably receive significant publicity , which is exactly the sort of thing that extremists need .
The same thing goes , the report argues , for things like legal efforts to take down extremist content ; the material is typically moved overseas , and gets a lot of publicity in the process .
The authors build a persuasive case that , given the mobile nature of the content itself , it makes far more sense to go after the people behind it , since it 's harder to move people than content .
This , they argue , has a significant legal advantage , too : if the people are truly dangerous and have made threats , then the law typically contains statutes that can be applied without being subject to the legal vagaries that arise with online content .
More generally , they contend that most extremist material is simply a way of preaching to the converted .
The actual recruitment and indoctrination activities of most extremist groups takes place offline , with online material largely serving a maintenance role .
In many cases , the authors argue , individuals would n't even know where to find online material if it were n't for their real - world contacts telling them where to look .
If this part of their prescription seems compelling , the remainder of their recommendations seem to vary in quality .
The other two recommendations made by the ICSR involve government programs .
The first would be to improve media literacy instruction in schools so that students are better equipped to evaluate the credibility of information and its sources online .
That would clearly solve a lot of problems beyond extremist material , but rolling out a sufficiently rigorous educational program could take years .
Another solution offered by the report 's authors would be for the government to provide funding for an independent group that would dole out money for counter - initiatives .
Almost by definition , the authors argue , the government has little or no credibility with the target audience for extremists , and its association with a program can easily kill the intended message .
Basically , the independent organization is intended to provide a layer of abstraction that would help independent organizations maintain the trust of the audiences they are trying to reach .
The authors also emphasize that the group has to fund a broad range of efforts ; funding efforts to counter radical Islamists without dealing with the UK 's homegrown racist groups would also damage the organization 's credibility .
Finally , they promote the formation of an " Internet Users Panel " that would ensure that ISPs take complaints about extremist content seriously .
Although this might be preferable to the sort of scattershot , Andrew Cuomo - style censorship that has taken place in the US , the authors ' use of the phrase " collective power of Internet users " makes it sound more like a pitch for a Web 2.0 company than a helpful method of limiting the flow of this material .
The ICSR report is interesting in that it's one of the few that has gone beyond describing the problem and has listed potential ways of tackling the spread of extremist content online .
In essence , however , it concludes that the same features that make putting other material online — convenience and cost — will always make it an appealing media for extremists , which explains why its recommendations focus on offline solutions .
It began in late 2007 as a routine audit .
Retail giant Wal - Mart noticed that some exit signs at the company 's stores and warehouses had gone missing .
As the audit spread across Wal - Mart's U.S. operations , the mystery thickened .
Stores from Arkansas to Washington began reporting missing signs .
They numbered in the hundreds at first , then the thousands .
Last month Wal - Mart disclosed that about 15,800 of its exit signs – a stunning 20 per cent of its total inventory – are lost , missing , or otherwise unaccounted for at 4,500 facilities in the United States and Puerto Rico .
Poor housekeeping , certainly , but what 's the big deal ?
In a word : radiation .
The signs contain tritium gas , a radioactive form of hydrogen .
Tritium glows when it interacts with phosphor particles , a phenomenon that has led to the creation of glow - in - the - dark emergency exit signs .
It 's estimated there are more than 2 million tritium - based exit signs in use across North America .
It turns out that Ontario - based companies SRB Technologies ( Canada ) Inc. of Pembroke and Shield Source Inc. of Peterborough have sold the lion 's share of these signs , which use tritium produced as a by - product from the operation of Canadian - made Candu nuclear reactors .
The health effects of tritium exposure continue to be a hot topic of debate .
It 's not strong enough to penetrate the skin , and in low quantities regulators and industry groups say tritium is safe .
But when inhaled or ingested it can cause permanent changes to cells and has been linked to genetic abnormalities , developmental and reproductive problems and other health issues such as cancer .
" The problem is that because it 's hydrogen it can actually become part of your body , " says Shawn - Patrick Stensil of Greenpeace Canada .
" The radiation does n't emit far , but when it actually becomes part of your cell it 's right next to your DNA .
So for a pregnant woman , for example , it can be really dangerous . "
General exposure from one broken sign might be the equivalent of getting up to three chest X - rays , even though today we no longer give pregnant women X - rays .
If tritium is ingested , for example , by a child who breaks a sign with a hockey stick , it 's much more potent .
If only 5 per cent of the tritium in a large exit sign is ingested , it would be equivalent to 208 years of natural background radiation , according to a report from the Product Stewardship Institute at the University of Massachusetts .
And what about exposure from thousands of signs dumped near a source of drinking water , or packed with explosives in the back of a truck that has been driven into a crowded building ?
" I 'm sure thousands of them would create a credible dirty bomb , " says Norm Rubin , director of nuclear research at Energy Probe in Toronto .
" Most experts think the main purpose of a dirty bomb is to cause panic , disruption and expensive cleanup rather than lots of dead bodies .
A bunch of tritium , especially if oxidized in an explosion , would probably do that job fine . "
Tritium is also a component in nuclear warheads .
In 2005 , SRB Technologies got permission from the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission to export 70,000 of its tritium exit signs to Iran .
Foreign Affairs Canada blasted the regulator for allowing shipment to a country that 's attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction .
The shipment went through .
South of the border , the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission appears more concerned with tritium contamination of landfills and the threat of leaching into drinking water .
The agency regulates the use of tritium devices , requiring the reporting of lost , stolen or broken property and proper cleanup and disposal .
" Throughout the whole process we stayed in very close contact with the NRC and received their guidance , " said Wal - Mart spokesperson Daphne Davis Moore .
" We no longer use these signs in our stores . "
Wal - Mart 's poor recordkeeping was a wake - up call for the nuclear agency , which in January sternly reminded users of the signs of their regulatory obligations .
At the same time , it assured the public there 's nothing to worry about .
Still , the agency was concerned enough to demand that any organization possessing 500 or more tritium exit signs conduct audits and report their findings within 60 days .
The list included Home Depot , AMC Theatres and a number of universities and schools .
Wal - Mart Canada says it has a few tritium exit signs in most of its stores .
" We 've gone back over our records and have not found any reason for concern , " said spokesperson Kevin Groh .
" We are doing an audit to get an accurate inventory . "
The difference , in Canada , is they do n't have to do it .
Users of the signs are not licensed in Canada as long as the product is properly marked as radioactive , according to the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission .
This makes it difficult to determine exactly how many tritium signs exist in Canada and where they end up .
Stensil of Greenpeace said it 's a strange way for a government to treat a radioactive device , but he 's not surprised .
He said the federal government has always had lax rules when it comes to tritium , partly because Canada , through its Candu nuclear plants , is one of the biggest producers of the substance in the world .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Dorothy Goldin Rosenberg , who teaches environmental health at the University of Toronto , said there 's a double standard in Canada when it comes to regulating tritium .
Permissible levels in drinking water here are 100 times greater than in Europe and more than 400 times greater than in California .
She was shocked when told about the 15,800 missing tritium signs at Wal - Mart , but even more surprised to learn that use of such signs is n't tracked or monitored in Canada .
" Most people have n't even heard of tritium , " she lamented .
Comet Lulin as seen on 2 January 2009 .
The image shows both the tail and the anti-tail ( left ) ( Image : Giovanni Sostero and Ernesto Guido , Remanzacco Observatory ) Comet Lulin on 23 January ( Image : Ligustri Rolando , Circolo Astrofili di Talmasson )
Late in February , Earth will receive a new celestial visitor named Lulin – or Comet C/2007 N3 – which astronomers say may have never visited this corner of the solar system before and should be visible to the naked eye .
Advertisement
Comets are icy clumps of dust and small rocks left over from the beginnings of the solar system .
As they near the Sun , some of the outer layer of ice is vaporised , releasing gas and solid debris that fan out into a tail pointing directly away from the Sun .
Astronomer and author Gary Kronk , based in St Jacob , Illinois , estimates that by 24 February , Lulin ’s gas tail should appear as long as around eight times the diameter of the full Moon .
At that time , it will be a mere 61 million kilometres ( 38 million miles ) from Earth , almost as close as Mars comes to our planet .
First time visitor ?
By tracking Lulin since its discovery in the summer of 2007 , astronomers say it has been at least 10 million years since the last time the comet entered the inner solar system – if indeed it ever has before .
Possibly this is the first time it has approached the Sun , after being knocked out of its birthplace in the distant Oort cloud , a halo of icy bodies in the outer solar system .
See our article
Where do comets come from ?
and full Unknown solar system special feature .
“ If this is its first approach towards the Sun , we do n’t know how it will respond .
Some comets become brighter than expected and some don’t , ” explains Kronk .
Lulin ’s brightness depends on how much the Sun can melt the comet ’s hard icy coat to release a visible tail of debris .
A comet on its first approach to the Sun can resist its heat , preventing a bright tail from appearing .
But Kronk thinks Lulin will get close enough to our star to make that unlikely .
He is confident that the comet will be visible with the naked eye , registering magnitude 5 on the standard brightness scale , where 6 is the faintest visible to the naked eye .
“ This is what makes comets so amazing , ” he told New Scientist .
“ Every comet has its own personality .
No one knows exactly what the comet is going to do . ”
Lulin will be moving fast enough to appear to be creeping across the background of more distant stars , he adds .
Twin -tailed comet
Lulin could also be one of only a few comets that appears to have two tails rather than one .
The extra “ antitail ” becomes visible because Earth happens to be orbiting the Sun on the same plane as Lulin .
When the solar wind blows gas and dust particles away from a comet , larger debris moves more slowly and lags behind the moving comet .
The fanned tail appears to extend from both sides of the comet ’s body when viewed edge -on .
“ Lulin could give the best chance in my lifetime to see something like that , ” he adds .
Professional astronomers are also looking forward to Lulin ’s visit .
Michael Mumma , director of the Goddard Center for Astrobiology in Greenbelt , Maryland , and colleagues have scheduled three months of observations , starting next week , at the Keck telescopes on the summit of the Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii .
By analysing the light from Lulin , they hope to detect the hydrogen isotope deuterium , to strengthen their hypothesis that icy comets delivered some of the Earth ’s water during the first billion years after its formation .
Do you love your life ?
Or do you sometimes feel dissatisfied , certain that you ’d be a lot happier if you had a bigger home , better relationships , more money , exciting leisure activities , the respect of your peers …
So many of us keep striving for happiness , convincing ourselves that a new computer game or outfit , a pay rise or a vacation , will somehow bring us closer .
Many of us equate happiness with success – and success with money .
But plenty of rich people are n’t happy .
“ Those with the highest incomes spend more time working , worrying , shopping , taking care of the kids and exercising , and less time relaxing with a book or an uplifting news story . ”
–
The rich are n’t that happy after all , researchers suggest ; The Vancouver Sun
On the other hand , you ’ll often find people who seem to remain happy , cheerful and positive against all the odds .
Perhaps they suffer long - term health problems , or they have little cash to spare for non-essentials , or life has dealt them some nasty blows … but they ’re always smiling , and they ’re uplifting to be around .
So how can you start loving the life you have , rather than making yourself miserable striving for one that you do n’t ?
Ditch “ Grass is Greener ” Thinking
“ While the grass may be greener , often it ’s AstroTurf® , and all you get is rug burn . ” – Ed Weller , Is The Grass Greener On The Other Side Of The Fence ? , StickyMinds.com
Many of us have a tendency to think that other people have it better – or that our current circumstances are n’t as good as they were in the past .
I ’ll confess to this myself : far too many times over the past couple of years , I ’ve wished that I could be an undergraduate student again !
I had a lot of friends around me , I had lots of free time , and although I did n’t have much cash , most of it was fairly “ disposable ” – I did n’t have any financial worries .
Of course , I know that I ’m forgetting the downsides of being an undergraduate student : like very basic accommodation ( having a freezer and an oven makes cooking much more fun now ! )
And I ’m ignoring the internals , like my much greater self - discipline and focus now .
Do you find yourself thinking anything like this ?
I wish I had my old job , where my work was easier ( even though the pay was low )
I wish I was an employee still , not a freelancer ; I miss a salary ( even though I do n’t miss commuting and boring meetings )
I wish I had a partner , I ’m lonely ( even though I have more time to myself )
Recognize that the grass will often seem greener on the other side .
Rather than concentrating on what you miss from a previous situation , or on what your friends or colleagues have that you do n’t , think about what you do have …
Making A List
One great way to focus on all the good things in your life is to simply list them .
Grab a piece of paper ( or write it in an email to yourself if you do n’t have pen and paper handy ) , and jot down five things that you love about your life .
These could be big or small .
If you ’re really stuck getting started , try checking some of the boxes on this ready - made gratitude list .
Another way to do this is to write down good things that have happened during the past day or week .
Perhaps you had a great conversation with a friend , or you saw a wonderful film at the cinema .
Maybe you had some time to read a novel for once .
Perhaps you got praised at work for a project you ’d successfully completed .
Once you ’ve figured out some of the great things that are present in your life , make a conscious effort to include these more often .
Stop Buying More Stuff
Most of us have a lot of physical stuff – from furniture to DVDs to clothes .
Big companies ( who make stuff ) and the media ( who make money through companies advertising stuff ) have a very strong interest in convincing us to buy , buy , buy .
Please give this some serious thought : how often does buying something make you happier ?
It might give you a brief boost of pleasure – but does it make any real difference to your contentedness with your life ?
Is a new dress , computer game , kettle or sofa really going to improve your life ?
If – like most of us – you have a lot of stuff that ’s just sitting in cupboards and closets , start clearing some of it out .
If you do n’t use it , get rid of it : donate it to charity if you can , or recycle it .
Living in a cluttered environment , especially one which induces guilt because you ’re surrounded by things you ’re not making good use of , will drag your mood down .
And rather than buying more , make the most of some old favourites that have been forgotten .
Here ’s just a few ideas that work for me :
Dust off your recipe books and find some new dishes to try
Dig to the back of your closet and wear something you ’ve not worn in a while
Play old computer games and revel in nostalgia , rather than spending $ 40 on a new game
Scour your bookshelves for those books you bought and never got round to reading , and finish them before buying any new books
So , let me ask you again : do you love your life ?
Why not use the comments section to tell us some of the best things in your life ?
And if you ’ve got any tips on making the most of what you have and being happy with it , let us know those too
Human beings are going to make mistakes , whether in the market or in the government .
The difference is that survival in the market requires recognizing mistakes and changing course before you go bankrupt .
But survival in politics requires denying mistakes and sticking with the policies you advocated , while blaming others for the bad results .
– Thomas Sowell
Yours for free : The James Bond Stealth ship U.S. Navy can't even give away
It looks like a cross between a Stealth fighter and a Batmobile and can appear out of nowhere on the open seas .
Once seen as the future of naval warfare , the top secret ' Sea Shadow ' is now being given away by the US Navy .
The vessel , which is able to evade radar detection due to its angular shape , cost over £ 110 million to develop .
But it is now destined for the scrap heap unless someone takes it off the Navy .
The Sea Shadow comes with its own dock : Oddly , no one wants to take if off the U.S. Navy
They are willing to give away the vessel for free , but interested parties must also accept a submersible dry dock the size of a football pitch as part of the package .
Known as the Hughes Mining Barge , it was developed to house the stealth ship and keep it hidden from spy satellites .
It also acts as a dry dock and was built to raise a sunken Soviet submarine 35 years ago .
The US Navy has been trying to give away the Sea Shadow since 2006 after Pentagon chiefs said they no longer had any use for it .
The vessel - similar in shape to the Stealth fighters - was built in 1985 .
But it was n't until 1993 that it became known to the public and caused huge interest when it was first revealed .
At 164ft long the Sea Shadow had a crew of 12 and was capable of 28 knots .
Its special coatings , sharp angles and other secret attachments allowed it to slip under radar and sonar .
The ship was built in 1985 and is a similar shape to Stealth fighters :
Its special shape lets it slip under radar and sonar undetected
The vessel was never designed for combat use and was an experimental ship designed by the Lockheed Corporation .
Former crew member S.K. Gupta , now a vice president at Lockheed Martin Space Systems said the Shadow took part in war games with other US Navy ships .
' We operated during the night with impunity .
We could disappear and sneak up on whomever we wanted .
Nobody thought we could do it .
A ship is usually hard to hide . '
The Sea Shadow was the basis of the ship used in the James Bond film ' Tomorrow Never Dies " by a mad media mogul intent on world domination .
Since 2005 it has been housed in San Diego , California .
Despite its unusual shape few naval museums in the US have expressed an interest in the stealth ship as the US Navy have insisted that the mining barge be included as part of the gift .
Bob Williams , the chief executive of Burns Entertainment and Sports Marketing , said that if Mr. Avery really wants a career beyond hockey , in which he trades on his name , he needs to be careful .
He is in danger of veering into Dennis Rodman territory , Mr. Williams said .
As the Rangers fight to get into the playoffs , they have been winning more often since Mr. Avery returned .
When he arrived , one of the team leaders , goalie Henrik Lundqvist , pulled him aside .
“ I told him , ” Mr. Lundqvist said , “ ‘ You ’re a great player , keep focused on the game . ’ ”
On Monday , as Mr. Avery was autographing pucks and photographs at a memorabilia shop on the Upper West Side , he said that he now does breathing exercises whenever he gets upset .
He showed off a tattoo he had gotten after his time at the Canyon , a rehabilitation center in Malibu , Calif .
It is on the inside of his right arm , a quotation from a Radiohead song : “ You used to be alright , what happened ? ”
“ The way I think about it is , I used to be all right and now I am trying to be better than all right to people and to my teammates and to myself , ” Mr. Avery said .
Born in Pickering , Ontario , Mr. Avery broke into the N.H.L. at 20 with the Detroit Red Wings .
Shorter than many players , he adopted a rough persona on the ice .
Over time , it grew into a monster .
“ I do n’t think I really realized where it had gone , ” he said , “ until everything happened with the suspension and the time off . ”
Is n’t this the coolest looking light bulb you ’ve ever seen ?
Philips ’ new Master LED light bulb gives as much light as a conventional 40 - watt bulb , but with a 45,000 - hour lifespan , four times as much as a CFL and a total power consumption of seven watts .
However , with a price tag of $ 50 to $ 70 per unit , replacing all light sources in your home with LED light bulbs could become quite the project .
The Master LED Light Bulbs are already on sale in Europe , but we wo n’t see them here in North America until next July .
[ Via Core77 ]
Some time ago , I wrote an article called “ Are Our Brains Becoming Googlized ? ”
It became my most read Search Engine Land post ever .
Apparently I was n’t the only one fascinated by the prospect of wholesale rewiring of our brains through exposure to technology .
UCLA ’s Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior is one of the hotbeds of this brain research , with Drs Gary Small , Susan Bookheimer and Teena Moody doing a number of interesting fMRI studies looking at the impact of technology on our neural networks .
One study in particular was fascinating to me , looking at how internet searching activated different parts of the brain .
I had a chance to connect with Dr. Moody and ask her more about the study .
In today ’s column , I ’ll share some excerpts from that interview .
The study was conducted with older participants and the goal was to see if the Internet could be used as a way to “ exercise ” the brain , slowing mental decline .
One of the fascinating outcomes was not just which parts of the brain “ fired ” when searching , but the difference in the level of mental activity between practiced searchers ( called the Internet savvy ) and newbies ( called the Internet naïve ) .
This touched on a number of areas that overlapped with my thoughts and research findings in the past few years .
The interview touched on a number of areas , including some of the methodological challenges of fMRI research .
For those of you interested , the full transcript is on my blog .
In this column , we ’ll explore possible reasons why more of the brain fires as we become more comfortable with searching .
Dr. Moody and I explored some possible explanations for this .
Danny Sullivan and I have been telling anyone who would listen that Googling is a habit .
This study seems to provide more evidence for that view .
But more than this , it ’s a fascinating glimpse into how our brains evaluate what we see on the search page .
First , I ’ll let Dr. Moody explain the original motivation behind the study , providing mental exercise for the elderly :
Dr. Moody :
We have a situation where almost everyone has access to a computer , it can make this almost universal .
Especially as we age , we ’re not getting out there as much to walk around and some people do n’t have the ability to go to senior centers and interact with other people , but that you could do something in your own home without requiring great mobility is very exciting .
Also , there would be so much choice , there ’s so much variety on the internet , it can be individually tailored to your personal preferences .
So in this study I tried to pick topics that might be interesting to older adults – you know , walking for exercise , Tai Chi , health aspects of eating different types of food .
I think that if it ’s enjoyable for someone and if you do n’t consider it to be a job to get out there and stimulate your brain , that people will do it more frequently .
So that ’s part of what ’s exciting about it , is that it should be easily accessible to people once they know how to turn on the computer and activate the internet .
The main objective of the study was to see the difference in brain activity with two different groups between reading text and searching the web .
Specifically , the team wanted to see which parts of the brain “ lit up ” when conducting the tasks .
I asked what was the reasoning behind using reading as the comparative task .
Dr. Moody :
Well , actually , both for the reading and for the internet and Google searching , we used a different baseline .
We had a button - pressing baseline where white bars appeared on the screen and they just pressed the button when a white bar appeared for the location on the screen .
And we compared the pattern of activity when they were reading and making … selecting different chapters or when they were selecting Google , from the Google search screen and reading off the internet to that pattern of activity .
So our control was more of a low - level control baseline .
Then , in a higher - level analysis , we compared the pattern of activity while they were reading to the pattern of activity while they were doing the internet search .
So both tasks had a lower - level baseline control .
The researchers also wanted to see the difference between the Internet Savvy and the Internet Naïve .
Some results were as expected , and some came as a surprise :
Dr. Moody :
Well , we found that the pattern of activity was almost identical , and that really frankly surprised me at first because I thought that the internet even for the naive participants would require additional areas , because when you ’re searching the internet you are engaging in decision - making , you have to suppress extraneous information , so there ’s inhibition required .
So I was surprised to find that it looks like in both the internet task and the reading task the subjects are just engaging their language areas , their visual areas , there ’s some sensory integration areas as well , but it looks like they ’re reading in both cases .
And not surprising at all about the areas recruited , because they ’re language areas , memory areas , and visual attention areas .
But
The researchers found something different when they were looking at the internet - savvy group .
Dr Moody :
For the internet - savvy group , their reading areas were virtually identical to the reading areas that were activated for the internet - naive participants , but the very interesting part was the savvy group did recruit additional areas and these were frontal areas that had to do with decision - making , cingulate areas that have to do with conflict resolution .
It ’s not surprising , it ’s what we expected , that these additional areas for decision - making would be required and higher - level cognitive function would be required , and that ’s what we found in the internet - savvy group .
So , as you become more comfortable with the Internet , you actually use more of the brain .
This is counter - intuitive .
Generally as we learn to do something , the level of cognitive effort decreases rather than increases .
Think about how hard you had to concentrate when you learned to drive , something that seems second nature to you now .
So , in this study , it appeared there was something more happening upstairs as we learned our way around Google :
Gord :
To explore that a little bit , we ’re seeing that people are actually cognitively engaging with the results – they have to make decisions , they ’re comparing them .
What happens there ?
With the internet - naive , obviously they were n’t engaging with the content nearly at the same level , but the internet - savvy …
Is there a certain level of fluency with search where you elevate it to a higher level and you ’re using that input to make decisions ?
Dr Moody :
Yes , that is certainly one interpretation , and one interpretation that we have for the data – that it does require additional areas and as you practice it , you do become more fluent and more expert at it .
Now there are two different schools of thought on this .
One is that when you first learn a task , you require greater activity and more attention , and that one could expect higher levels of activity if you were new at something .
People with expertise can actually show decreases in their functional MRI pattern of activity .
But what it seems here is that while engaging in internet searching , you are still very actively engaging these decision - making areas and it might be that the naive people are overwhelmed by the situation and are just treating it like a book – you ’re still not trying to integrate the information , they ’re reading it as though they were reading a book .
There ’s one other interpretation as well , and that is that internet - naive people just have a different pattern of wiring in their brains from those who are internet - savvy – people who prefer using the internet and enjoy that mode of reading are wired differently from the internet - naive people .
And we ca n’t distinguish that in this study , but that is also a possibility .
Two fascinating intepretations .
One , as we become fluent with the search page layout and the actual act of searching , we let other parts of the brain kick in .
We start interacting with the results .
Two , Google is in fact rewiring our brains .
The first is my Google Habit theory , and we ’ll return to this .
But the second possibility needs a little explanation .
As I said in the first column on this , the phrase “ rewiring our brains ” sounds ominous indeed .
The fact is , our brains are constantly being rewired .
Rewiring is the basis of learning and memory .
But there ’s a more fundamental rewiring , building inherent circuitry that goes deeper than simple learning .
And it was this that possibility that I asked Dr. Moody about .
Gord :
You say they ’re wired differently .
Would that be the typical , neural “ fire together , wire together ” wiring that happens when we learn anything , or is this something more fundamental in the pruning that happens during the formative years ?
Dr Moody :
Well , certainly in development , you know , we have good evidence that things do wire differently depending upon environmental influences , and definitely there ’s evidence now against the old theory that adult ’s brains do n’t change , but definitely after brain injury there ’s been evidence of re-wiring or re-mapping brain regions to overcome deficits .
We do n’t know what ’s happening here .
This is a very preliminary study , but one interpretation could be that there was a re-wiring , as people practice on the internet that these areas become more active .
But all we can really say is that the pattern of activity is different .
Whatever the cause for the rewiring , it ’s significant that as we become more familiar with search , the brain seems to kick in at a different level .
It ’s almost as if the basics get done on autopilot so we can spend more time considering the results .
This aligns with a past blog post I did and it was something I asked Dr. Moody about :
Gord :
So one of the things I ’ve suspected , when we ’ve looked at behaviors in interacting with search , is as you become more used to using search , more comfortable with the interface , you do n’t have to worry so much about navigating through the interface , that becomes more like a conditioned , habitual behavior .
Which means your prefrontal cortex is free to kick in to do those cognitive assessments , to say , “ Okay , here ’s what Option A offers me versus Option B , ” so it ’s almost kicking it up to a higher level of processing .
Does that seem to make sense ?
It ’s like I said , Google has become a habit and at some point the basal ganglia takes over and runs it as a habit which frees up the prefrontal cortex to do more heavy lifting .
Dr. Moody :
Well , our data are definitely consistent with that interpretation , and I think that that ’s what part of our interest is , is how can we enrich our lives as we age , how can we improve our cognitive function or slow cognitive decline ?
And so yes , that ’s an interpretation we would like to have because we would like to say , “ Oh , we can do something to make our brains better as we age , ” so that ’s very exciting and interesting , and it is consistent , however we ca n’t conclude that .
We do n’t have any causality here at all .
So , is Google changing our brains ?
The answer appears to be yes , but at least at one level , that could be a good thing .
Searching does exercise the brain in a similar way to other activities that require evaluation of information , decision making and rational thought .
It ’s easily accessible exercise that could keep our mental muscles limber as we age .
The attractive thing about the internet is that it does n’t seem like exercise if we ’re finding information on something that interests us .
But there ’s a more ominous side to this as well .
What about the generation that ’s growing up with Google ?
Increasingly , more and more neuroscientists and psychologists are expressing concern that the rapid fire stimulation of TV and video games could be turning our youth into socially challenged , multi tasking digital jolt addicts .
The question journalist Nicholas Carr posed was “ Is Google Making Us Stupid ? ”
The Digital Native – Digital Immigrant theory has been espoused by many , including Dr. Moody ’s co-researcher , Dr. Gary Small .
In my next Just Behave column , Dr. Moody and I will chat a bit about the implications of Digitally Hardwired Brains .
Opinions expressed in this article are those of the guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land .
Staff authors are listed here .
About The Author Gord Hotchkiss
Daniel Balfour was put on probation for the offence A mother who let a 22 - year - old man sleep with her 14 - year - old daughter has been condemned by a sheriff .
He said she was guilty of a " serious dereliction of parental responsibility " for letting the Borders schoolgirl have sex with Daniel Balfour .
Balfour , now 23 , admitted having underage sex with the girl last year .
At Duns Sheriff Court , he was given community service , placed on probation for three years and put on the sex offenders register for three years .
The sheriff also banned Balfour from being in an enclosed place with the teenager .
This legislation is not for the regulation of morality but for the protection of children
Sheriff Kevin Drummond Balfour , of Berwick - upon - Tweed , had previously admitted having underage sex with the teenager in her Scottish Borders home between 1 April and 6 October last year .
The girl 's mother wrote to a local newspaper defending her decision to allow her daughter to sleep with him .
The woman , who can not be named to prevent the schoolgirl being identified , argued that she was trying to protect her daughter .
Sheriff Kevin Drummond said that the mother had shown a " dereliction of parental duty " .
He told Balfour the young man had been " well aware " that the girl was underage and yet he still " persisted in the sexual activity " .
The sheriff was also critical of the mother 's attitude to the relationship .
Best protection
He said : " As part of the narrative provided to me , it is said that the sexual relationship took place not only with the knowledge of her mother but without objection and , if that is the case , that is a serious dereliction of parental responsibility .
" This legislation is not for the regulation of morality but for the protection of children and the first place where children should expect to find that protection is in their own home and from their parents . "
Sheriff Drummond said the case crossed the custody threshold but decided that placing Balfour on probation would offer the best level of protection for the girl .
A condition of his probation is that he should not be alone in an enclosed place with the teenager .
He was also ordered to carry out 140 hours of community service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The online social - networking service Facebook works for finding old classmates or arranging happy hours , so why not use it to help recruit the next generation of spies ?
That 's what 's happening now in cyberspace , as the country 's intelligence community turns to such sites to attract a wider range of résumés .
The CIA now has its own Facebook page , as does the hush - hush National Security Agency , which vacuums up the world 's communications for analysis .
Both invite Facebook members to register and read information about employment opportunities .
It 's part of a larger , multiyear hiring push to boost the size of the U.S. intelligence community .
But should the country 's secret spy agency be encouraging potential hires to publicize their interest in the intelligence field ?
Apparently , it 's not a concern .
In the first place , since the groups are not directly moderated , it is impossible to control who registers as a member .
Some may enroll on the site out of curiosity .
And , of course , none of those who show interest are yet officers in the clandestine service .
Even so , once they are on the CIA payroll , employees face no prohibition against keeping social - networking accounts or pages .
" While agency officers are not , as a rule , prohibited from maintaining a page on Facebook , they are made aware of precautions to take if they choose to do so , " says CIA spokesman George Little .
But the Facebook posting should n't necessarily cause a run on tinfoil hats .
The pages are n't designed to surreptitiously gather information about those who visit the site , as fearful skeptics allege .
In reality , says the CIA , they are flashy recruiting posters , " used strictly for informational purposes . "
" From time to time over the past few years , we have used Facebook to share information on employment opportunities with the agency , " says Little .
He says it is part of a much broader campaign " leveraging traditional and new advertising media . "
The NSA , for its part , sees the bleak tech - sector landscape as an opportunity to attract good workers and provide jobs .
The Facebook site , according to Don Weber , deputy chief in the NSA 's recruitment office , is just another venue where applicants can learn more about the agency , " as well as discuss those opportunities with fellow job seekers and NSA recruiters . "
The NSA site is four months old and already has nearly 1,000 members , along with a listing of current job openings , from cryptological and language analysts to information system security designers .
Nearly 800 Facebook members have joined the CIA group , which is free and does not require approval from a moderator .
" Finding the right people to do the job is of the utmost importance , " reads the CIA page .
" You could be one of those people . "
It 's all a far cry from the historical spy-recruiting process , which traditionally focused on Ivy League campuses or the ranks of the U.S. military .
Indeed , staffing the country 's clandestine service has been a major focus in the past few years .
President Bush ordered the CIA to increase its collection , analysis , and technological workforce by 50 percent — an ambitious goal that the CIA says has nearly been reached .
The specifics of how much the agency spends on staffing and how many people it employs are classified .
But in his farewell address to the agency at its Virginia headquarters last month , outgoing director Michael Hayden told his employees that increasing human resources had been one of his greatest achievements as chief of the spy service .
In the past few years , he said , the CIA has hired " thousands of talented new officers , chosen from hundreds of thousands of skilled Americans seeking to be part of our mission . "
He told reporters recently that the agency has received between 130,000 and 150,000 job applications since the hiring push began .
Moreover , the face of the CIA and the broader intelligence community is changing .
Minorities accounted for almost a third of new CIA hires last year , a record .
Correction to this article
Sarah Hanson
AMID the wreckage of Latvia 's retailing industry , which has declined 17 % year on year according to the latest figures , one item is selling well : T - shirts with seemingly mysterious slogans such as “ Nasing spesal ” .
Latvians are glad to have something to laugh about , even if it is only their finance minister , Atis Slakteris .
In an ill - judged foreign television interview , using heavily accented and idiosyncratic English worthy of the film character Borat , he described his country 's economic problems as “ nothing special ” .
Put mildly , that was an original interpretation .
Fuelled by reckless bank lending , particularly in construction and consumer loans , Latvia had enjoyed a colossal boom , with double - digit economic growth and a current - account deficit that peaked at over 20 % of GDP .
Conventional wisdom would have suggested applying the brakes hard , by tightening the budget and curbing borrowing .
But the country 's rulers , a lightweight lot with close ties to business , rejected that .
Fast economic growth made voters feel that European Union membership was at last producing practical benefits , after a disappointing start when tens of thousands of Latvians went abroad in search of work , leaving rural villages and small towns depopulated .
The central assumption , in Latvia and many other countries in or near the EU , was that convergence with rich Europe 's living standards and other comforts was inevitable .
Lending in foreign currency went from 60 % of the total in 2004 to 90 % in 2008 .
Why pay high interest rates in the local currency , the lat , when the cost of a euro loan was so much cheaper ?
In a few years Latvia would surely join the euro anyway .
Similarly , worries about financing the inflows were dismissed : Swedish banks would no more abandon their subsidiaries in Latvia than they would pull out of , say , southern Sweden .
Last year tested those assumptions nearly to breaking point .
First , Latvia 's housing bubble popped .
Then the main locally owned bank , Parex , went bust and had to be nationalised , amid fears that it could not pay two syndicated loans due this year .
In December Latvia accepted a humiliating € 7.5 billion ( $ 9.56 billion ) bail - out led by the IMF .
The big cuts in social spending that the package entailed led to vigorous public protests .
Now the government has resigned .
At a time when strong leadership and public trust are needed more than ever , the country 's squabbling and discredited politicians look hopelessly out of their depth .
Latvia is an economic pipsqueak , with just 2.4 m people .
But the rest of the region is watching nervously , fearful that more bad news from the Baltics could bring others crashing down too .
It is easy to be pessimistic .
This is indeed the worst economic crisis since the collapse of the communist planned economies and the wrenching process of privatisation , liberalisation and stabilisation that followed .
The main ex-communist economies are likely to contract by 3 % this year , according to Capital Economics , a consultancy .
Yet the picture is not uniform .
Only a few countries have needed an IMF bail - out .
One is Latvia , whose economy is set to contract by at least 12 % this year , and whose credit rating has just been downgraded by Standard & Poor 's to junk .
Another is Hungary , burdened with a larger debt - to - GDP ratio than almost any other new EU member .
It received $ 25 billion in October and faces a contraction of up to 6 % .
A third is Ukraine — chaotically run , corrupt and badly hit by the slowdown in its main export market , Russia .
Ukraine 's IMF deal brought it $ 4.5 billion in November .
But a second tranche of $ 1.9 billion is stuck ; the deal is unravelling as politicians squabble over spending cuts .
Its economy is likely to shrink by 10 % this year .
Other countries with IMF packages agreed or pending include Belarus ( a Russian ally which is still expected to see growth this year ) , Georgia ( which was bailed out after last year 's war with Russia ) and Serbia .
Most other countries in the region are faring much better , though .
Poland — by far the largest economy of the new EU members — is nowhere near collapse .
Unlike its central European neighbours , it is big enough not to depend chiefly on exports to the rest of the EU .
By European standards , its public finances are in fairly good shape .
Its debt - to - GDP ratio is below 50 % .
Growth will be negligible , or slightly negative , but nobody is forecasting a big decline .
Some Polish firms and households have taken out foreign - currency loans — but the figure is around 30 % of all private - sector lending , compared with twice that in Hungary .
The second - biggest economy , the Czech Republic , is in good shape too .
Its economy may shrink by 2 % , but it has a solid banking system and low debt .
Its neighbour Slovakia is in better shape still : it managed to join the euro zone this year .
Like Slovenia , which joined two years ago , Slovakia can enjoy the full protection of rich Europe 's currency union , rather than just the indirect benefit of being due to join it some day .
Farther afield , the picture is very different .
For the poorest ex-communist economies , the problem is not financial meltdown .
They lack much to melt .
Their exports are raw materials , agricultural products and people .
In six countries , money sent home by foreign workers counts for more than 10 % of GDP ( in Tajikistan and Moldova it is more than 30 % ) .
Outsiders who agonise over the Latvian lat or Hungarian forint are rarely bothered with worries about the somoni ( Tajikistan ) , leu ( Moldova ) or manat ( Turkmenistan ) .
That highlights an important problem .
Outsiders tend to lump “ the ex-communist world ” or “ eastern Europe ” together , as though a shared history of totalitarian captivity was the main determinant of economic fortune , two decades after the evil empire collapsed .
Though many problems are shared , the differences between the ex-communist countries are often greater than those that distinguish them from the countries of “ old Europe ” ( see table ) .
They range from distant , dirt - poor despotic places to countries in the EU that are not just richer than some of the old ones , but have better credit ratings , sounder public finances and stronger public institutions .
In almost any contest for good government , stability or prosperity , Slovenia ( under a sort of communism until 1991 ) looks better than Greece , which invented democracy and was never communist .
The thirst for capital
Historical and geographical quibbles aside , what the ex-communist countries have shared over the past decade is a mighty thirst for capital .
Having missed out on decades of growth and integration with the outside world , almost all ( a few oddballs in Central Asia aside ) are trying to catch up .
Money from abroad has come in from borrowing on the bond market , from foreign direct investment or from selling shares .
Most often it has come through bank loans .
At one extreme is Russia , which enjoyed huge external surpluses thanks to its wealth of raw materials .
But its big companies borrowed lavishly on the strength of that , creating a potential short - term debt problem .
Russian corporate borrowers have to pay back around $ 100 billion this year .
At the other extreme lie countries such as Slovakia .
They attracted billions from foreign car manufacturers , drawn by a skilled workforce , low taxes and decent roads in the heart of high - cost Europe .
Countries that relied chiefly on foreign direct investment are the least vulnerable now .
The new factories may shut down .
But it is harder for that capital to flee .
Those that rely on foreign investors buying their bonds , such as Hungary , are the most vulnerable : their fortunes vary with every twitch of a trader 's fingers .
In the middle are those that rely on lending from foreign banks to their local subsidiaries .
That looked solid in the boom years , as Western banks scrambled to win market share by offering good terms to borrowers and lenders in the fastest - growing bit of Europe .
It is still highly unlikely that any Western bank will pull the plug on a subsidiary anywhere — even in troubled Ukraine .
But nerves are jangling .
The ex-communist countries have survived the first phase of the crisis , thanks to their own policies and some external support .
The second phase , in which the rich world is turning stingier and possibly more protectionist and lenders are scurrying to safety , may be harder .
The ex-communist economies must repay or roll over a whopping $ 400 billion - odd in short - term borrowings this year .
Coupled with the lazy but easy lumping of nearly three dozen countries together , that creates the region 's biggest danger : contagion ( see article ) .
In other words , failure in one place sparks a disaster in another , even though it may be far away and have the same problem in a far more manageable form .
Contagion could happen in many ways .
One is if depositors lose confidence that their savings are safe .
So far , Western - owned banks have enjoyed rock - solid credibility : more so , in many cases , than governments or other public institutions .
But that confidence could be undermined .
If only one foreign bank pulls the rug from under one local subsidiary , leaving depositors stranded , it will cloud perceptions of banks ' reliability across the region .
The most dangerous kinds of bank runs would be those in which depositors try to pull out either their foreign currency , or local currency which they would then attempt to convert into hard currency .
In some countries that could overwhelm the ability of the central bank to support the financial system .
Another weak point is where shareholders take fright .
If a foreign bank with big exposure to the region — Swedish , Austrian or Italian — needs to raise more capital but finds that outsiders think its loan book is too risky , what happens ?
The price of rescue may be that it sheds a troubled foreign subsidiary .
Signs of shareholder twitchiness are growing ( see chart ) .
For now , the most likely source of contagion is collapsing currencies .
The paradox is that for countries with floating exchange rates , an orderly depreciation would in normal circumstances be a good way of cushioning an external shock , such as the slump in export markets now hitting the ex-communist economies .
It stokes competitiveness and , along with lower interest rates , it lays the foundations for a return to growth .
Governments with sound public finances might also consider running a looser fiscal policy to counteract the downturn .
Propping up the currency
For most of the countries in the region , such a textbook response is out of the question .
Some have currency boards , or pegged exchange rates .
In the Baltic states these have been the centrepiece of economic policy for more than 15 years .
Abandoning them would not only bankrupt big chunks of the economy that have borrowed in euros .
It would also be a huge psychological blow to public confidence in the whole idea of independent statehood .
These countries have suffered the most painful part of being in the euro zone — the inability to devalue and regain competitiveness — without getting all the benefits .
Countries with floating exchange rates have a bit more room for manoeuvre .
Their problem ( a big one in Hungary , a lesser one in Romania and Poland ) is that falling exchange rates may bankrupt the firms and households which have , in past years , taken out unwise loans in foreign currencies , chiefly euros and Swiss francs .
That was , in effect , a convergence play .
If you believed your country was heading for the euro zone some time in the next few years , then why not take advantage of the low interest rates there , rather than suffer the higher ones in your domestic currency ?
What seemed a minor risk back then now looks painfully mistaken .
For those earning forints or Polish zloty , the big swings in exchange rates in recent weeks have sent the size of both loans and repayments spiralling upwards .
The zloty has dropped 28 % and the forint 22 % against the euro since the middle of last year .
If the East Asian crisis of 1997 is any guide , these and other currencies may yet have further to fall .
This risk of a currency collapse will limit these countries ' options .
So far many big central European countries have cut interest rates heavily to try to boost their economies —
Poland 's central bank cut its policy rate again this week .
But currency weakness will limit their room for manoeuvre .
The Czech , Hungarian and Polish central banks issued a co-ordinated statement this week hinting they might intervene to support their exchange rates .
But that route is tricky .
Russia has blown half its reserves in a series of unsuccessful attempts to try to prop up the rouble .
Spending and tax policies would be another way of dealing with a downturn .
But these are constrained , too .
Those countries with a chance of joining the euro are scrambling to cut their budget deficits to get them in line with the 3 % of GDP target set by the EU 's Maastricht treaty .
Yet that aggravates the problem .
The danger for Latvia and Ukraine is a downward spiral , where cuts in public spending damage the economy in a way that helps to entrench the deficit .
So far , the economic crisis has not translated into populist or protectionist politics .
It is the east European countries that have been demanding that the rest of the EU stick by the rules of the single market .
Their development over the past decades has been thanks to the free movement of capital , goods and labour .
They would like a lot more of it : in a contest to subsidise industries , rich countries always win .
But that stance will not hold indefinitely if things get worse .
Willem Buiter , a prominent economist , believes it is only a matter of time before some of the ex-communist countries introduce capital controls .
That , in theory , would allow them to concentrate on stabilising their economies without worrying so much about the external value of their currency .
If voters find the economic pain of adjustment unbearable , politicians can pass laws that will make foreign - currency borrowings repayable in local currency .
That would be met with fury by the foreign banks , who would in effect see their loan books expropriated .
But it could happen .
Against that background , what can be done ?
The east European countries are , belatedly , co-ordinating their approach within the EU , holding their own mini-summit on March 1st .
They want to embarrass countries such as France for what they see as its protectionist approach to the crisis .
They are supporting each other : the Czech Republic and Estonia were among those contributing to the Latvian bail - out .
But even co-ordinated local efforts are unlikely to make much difference , given the scale of the problem .
The real lead , and the real money , must come from outside the region .
That brings into play a slew of political problems .
Having trumpeted their free - market principles in past years , and dismissed the stodgy approach of countries such as Germany and France , the new EU members from eastern Europe are now turning to old Europe in the hope that it can hurry up the flow of EU structural funds to counteract the downturn , bail out or prop up over - exposed banks in places like Austria , and stretch the rules of the European Central Bank to let it provide support to countries outside the euro zone .
The case for such measures is strong , and it is in the interest of all Europe that contagion is contained .
But that does not mean that it will happen .
Many written languages using latin alphabets employ diacritical marks .
Even today , it is still pretty common to encounter situations where it would be desirable to get rid of them : files naming , creation of easy to read URIs , indexing schemes , etc .
An easy way has always been to simply filter out any " decorated characters " ; unfortunately , this does not preserve the base , undecorated glyphs .
But thanks to Unicode support in Python , it is now straightforward to perform such a transliteration .
( This recipe was completely rewritten based on a comment by Mathieu Clabaut : many thanks to him ! )
One of the biggest frustrations that American taxpayers have with government is its inability to ensure that the wealthy are paying their ...
Bill Gates struck a blow for the world 's techies yesterday , when he regained his spot at the top of the world 's billionaire list despite mislaying around $ 18 bn over the last year .
But , illustrating how recessions hit the youth hardest , Facebook boy wonder Mark Zuckerberg has been booted off the Forbes Magazine billionaire list - a mere year after first scrambling on as the world 's youngest billionaire .
The annual hitlist for goldiggers , con artists and kidnappers illustrated the effect of the financial tornado which has hit the word 's economy in the last year , blowing large chunks off even the most rock solid fortunes .
According to Forbes , Gates 's wallet now contains $ 40bn , compared to $ 58bn at last count .
Not bad for a man who has swapped a full - time job for volunteer and who has given a large chunk of change to his eponymous foundation .
Gates overtook his good pal , Warren Buffett , who now takes the number two spot .
Larry Ellison came in fourth with a slightly reduced $ 22.5 bn .
Michael Dell came in at 25 , with a reduced fortune of $ 12bn , with Forbes noting that he lost millions buying shares in ...
Dell .
The equally loveable Sergey and Larry from Google keep their spots on the under - 40s list , with $ 12bn a piece , putting them on a par with Michael Dell , and just ahead of old - timer Steve Ballmer .
Jeff Bezos scrambled in at 68 with $ 6.8bn , and Forbes notes Amazon 's own sliding share price .
Steve Jobs , you might be surprised to see , came in at 178 with a mere $ 3.4 bn .
But at least lots of people tend to think he 's cool .
But at least they 're all still on the list - unlike Zuckerberg , who is apparently not a billionaire anymore .
Forbes does n't show the poor slob any mercy , observing : " While Facebook is gaining millions of users each week , revenues have n't followed just yet .
It 's hard to imagine the privately held company being worth nearly as much as it was a year ago . "
Just in case you want to check how you measure up , the full list is here . ®
BART serves nine Bay - Area counties in Northern California that together comprise the fourth largest population center in this country .
People in these nine counties are now under Martial Law ; at least when they board a BART train .
The Bay Area Rapid Transit District is not a transportation agency it is a commuter service , owned and operated by the federal government .
Consequently BART 's rules for keeping order do not come from city or county officials , but from the State and from the Federal government .
Bart Police have modeled themselves on the worst components of the thugs that work for HOMELAND Security .
Peace officers are not " Troops . "
Bart police have copied the Nazi SS in manner , in demeanor and now in their public behavior toward the American people .
The federal connection here is important : " It should be noted that on March 17 , 2003 Bush hired " the former head of the KGB ( the secret police of the former Soviet Union ) , General Yevgeni Primakov , " as a consultant to the US Department of Homeland Security .
Primakov joined another Russian , Oleg Kalugin , KGB ( Ret ) with the Department of State Security , also as a part of Homeland Security .
On January 1 , 2005 Kalugin was replaced with the infamous and sinister Silver Fox himself ( his former CIA code name ) , Gen. Markus Wolf .
" Wolf was the head of the international intelligence gathering arm ( HVA ) of East Germany 's Ministry for State Security , or Stasi . "
This went a long way toward perfecting the spying and wiretapping of the entire USA , and insured that Americans would become the next victims of State Terrorism ala the USSR and Communist East Germany . "
( 1 ) It 's been twelve days now since one of Bart 's thugs murdered someone that had not even been arrested .
The entire event was captured on video , without an audio capability .
There were a number of other people detained but not charged , held on the same platform for six full hours in handcuffs , who were just feet away from the callous execution .
The actions of the uniformed thug were clearly shown on this tape : < http://rense.com/general84/govv.htm>http://rense.com/general84/govv.htm .
Before the creation of the Department of Homeland Security , there were clear procedures in place for peace officers to follow in the execution of their duties .
No officer was allowed to become judge , jury and executioner ; much less without first arresting the individual that might be suspected of a crime .
Also , when a murder was committed , and witnessed , an arrest warrant was issued : there was simply no -way that a suspected murderer would or could be given an option as to whether or not he or she would answer questions .
The accused had to be offered the services of an attorney , but the police always had the right to arrest the person with the weapon , after that weapon had been shown to be the murder weapon .
BART officials , the local District Attorney 's and now the State Attorney General have all weighed in - yet there has still not been an arrest made in this case .
All of the time - honored mythology surrounding the behavior of police ; has in this case been shattered .
When crimes are committed by civilians they are summarily arrested and charged , often within hours .
But when an " officer " kills someone whether with bullets or by Taser ( 400 known instances - so far ) - no action against the police is taken for an extended period of time .
That practice compounds the original crime and is far more serious because it means that those who are responsible for enforcement do not face the same consequences as do the citizens .
that these ' officers ' are supposedly charged with protecting the public from , but also from the government as well !
Where is the US Attorney for Northern California in all of this or for that matter Barack Obama ?
This crime is about the latest death of only one man , but how any society treats the least among themselves can cast a giant shadow over the whole nation .
Every official that has obstructed the resolution of this case needs to be fired and then charged as a co-conspirator in this execution .
To do less is to admit that the citizens in the nine Bay Area Counties are living under a form of Martial Law .
There should be an ' All Points Bulletin ' issued for the immediate arrest of Johannes Mehserle , before another day passes .
Bush never found Osama bin Laden , but will it take Obama 's AG to find one lone BART thug ?
This is an intolerable outrage against us all !
( 2 ) Since The Bush Doctrine of 2002 went into effect , America has been living as a nation without laws .
Those wearing a uniform in this country have become a major part in a lawless society unto themselves , and this must be ended if we are to have a country that has any authority to function as a nation of laws instead of as the outlaw State that the USA has now become .
This behavior is part of what sponsored an open letter to Rouge Officers written in February , 2008 .
" Your numbers may be growing among the millions of people wearing some kind of badge in the United States , but your days are numbered .
Not because of any direct threat from people like me ; no what I 'm talking about here is the threat that you are creating all by yourselves .
If you had been paying attention you would have seen this coming on your own .
What the military and the mercenaries are doing in Iraq and Afghanistan each of you is now doing here , in your own tiny little world so full of arrogance and basic brutality .
Every time you beat a man senseless , or shame a woman to tears in front of her loved ones , or randomly kill someone either by accident or by design it happens just because you can - so you make more than enemies - you plant the seeds of your own violent end . "
( 3 ) Thirty years ago I did the art for " The Forgotten Victims of Violent Crime . "
This was a California effort to protect those without a voice who were being victimized twice by violent crime .
First by the criminals that committed these crimes and then by the uncaring State , that had not responded to these victims as they needed to , under the laws at that time .
The project led to The California Victims Bill of Rights in 1980 .
This criminal act makes a travesty of that effort .
(4) The execution of an unarmed and thoroughly contained individual on the Fruitvale BART platform on New Years day constituted a crime against society , as well as being a murder .
Wanted posters for the officer on that video ought to be posted on all BART trains , in every car , right after everyone that has not acted thus far , has been summarily fired !
kirwanstudios@sbcglobal.net
1 ) Stealing the Dream http://www.rense.com/general63/steal.htm
2 ) Government to the People ­ Drop Dead http://www.kirwanesque.com/politics/articles/2009/art5.htm
3 ) Open letter to the Tens of Thousands of Rogue Cops http://www.rense.com/general80/oplet.htm
4 ) The Forgotten Victims of Violent Crime http://www.kirwanesque.com/politics/california/cal11.htm
Tips and tricks for using Google , Adwords , Gadgets , Search , Blogger , Picasa , Adsense , Pagecreator , G - Mail , Analytics , Earth , Webstats and more !
" I am only one individual , but with Google Power , anything is possible . "
SURVIVALREALTY.com is the place to buy and sell off - grid , rural , and self - sufficient real estate !
Featuring listings from agents and brokers across the US and worldwide , as well as for sale by owner properties that ca n’t be found anywhere else .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Employers slashed another 598,000 jobs off of U.S. payrolls in January , taking the unemployment rate up to 7.6 % , according to the latest government reading on the nation 's battered labor market .
The latest job loss is the worst since December 1974 , and brings job losses to 1.8 million in just the last three months , or half of the 3.6 million jobs that have been lost since the beginning of 2008 .
The loss since November is the biggest 3 - month drop since immediately after the end of World War II , when the defense industry was shutting down for conversion to civilian production .
January 's job loss was also worse than the forecast of a loss of 540,000 jobs from economists surveyed by Briefing.com
The rise in the unemployment rate also was worse than the 7.5 % rate economists expected .
The unemployment rate is now at its highest level since September , 1992 .
As bad as the unemployment rate was , it only tells part of the story for people struggling to find jobs .
Friday 's report also showed that 2.6 million people have now been out of work for more than six months , the most long - term unemployed since 1983 .
And that number only counts those still looking for work .
The so - called underemployment rate , which includes those who have stopped looking for work and people working only part - time that want full - time positions , climbed to 13.9 % from 13.5 % in December .
That is the highest rate for this measure since the Labor Department first started tracking it in 1994 .
More job pain ahead ?
Some economists are worried that the labor market is poised to get worse still .
" This has just begun , " said Sung Won Sohn , economics professor at Cal State University - Channel Islands .
He projects an unemployment rate rising above 9 % by the end of the year , while the monthly job losses could soon top 800,000 .
" Hiring is falling off dramatically and layoffs are accelerating , " he said .
" The layoffs have become an almost popular thing to do for corporations .
Many businesses are scared .
They want to take precautionary steps . "
January was a brutal month for layoffs , as major companies ranging from Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) , Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) and Caterpillar ( CAT , Fortune 500 ) to Home Depot ( HD , Fortune 500 ) and Starbucks ( SBUX , Fortune 500 ) all announced substantial job cuts .
Announced layoffs so far this year have already topped 300,000 .
In addition , payroll services firm ADP estimates that small - and mid-sized businesses trimmed 430,000 jobs in January .
" The breadth of job losses now surpasses the prior two recessions , " said John Silvia , chief economist for Wachovia .
The report showed the already battered manufacturing sector shedding 207,000 jobs last month , while the construction industry cut 111,000 jobs .
But it 's not just the goods - producing sector that is losing jobs .
The services sector , which now provides more than two - thirds of the nation 's employment base , also reported widespread losses .
Business and professional services , the sector that includes lawyers , accountants and tech services , lost 121,000 jobs .
Retailers cut 45,000 workers , while the finance sector trimmed 42,000 workers and the leisure and hospitality sector lost 28,000 .
The number of temporary workers , viewed as another indicator of business and labor market strength overall , fell by 76,000 .
Among the only sectors posting narrow gains in jobs were education , health services , and the government .
Weak numbers to take center stage in stimulus debate
The jobs report comes as the Senate debates the Obama administration 's proposal for a nearly $ 900 billion economic stimulus bill .
During a debate late into the night Thursday Republicans and some Democrats questioned the bill 's mix of measures and its size .
The White House released a statement saying the January report was proof that quick approval of the stimulus bill is needed .
" These numbers , and the very real suffering of American workers they represent , reinforce the need for bold fiscal action , " said Christina Romer , the chair of the President 's council of economic advisers .
" If we fail to act , we are likely to lose millions more jobs and the unemployment rate could reach double digits . "
Brian Bethune , chief U.S. financial economist for research firm Global Insight , said how quickly the stimulus plan is passed , and how effective it is in jump - starting the economy , will determine whether the recent job losses are the peak , or if they continue to climb .
He argues that stimulus needs to be for programs that get money into the economy as quickly as possible .
" Business confidence is extremely weak right now , " he said .
" They 've taken a show - me - the - money attitude .
What you need to stop more job losses is a series of very effective policies .
That 's the only thing that will help here . "
You 've seen us cover the propane - powered Roush F - 150 in all of its tire - shredding glory .
Now , they 've upped the ante with a medium duty F - 250 running on the same BBQ fuel .
The Roush Propane line of F - series trucks is all about zero compromises , saving green and being green .
Delivering no reduction in horsepower or torque , the kit actually saves companies a ton of cash through clever tax credits available to those who are chill with Mother Earth .
Starting at $ 7,995 , the plug - and - play package lets you burn straight propane , exactly the same kind found in your BBQ 'round back behind the shed .
Reports estimate a slight 10 % to 20 % nick in fuel mileage , but that pain is quickly eased by a massive $ 5000 federal alternative fuels tax credit per kit alongside a 50 - cent - per - gallon tax credit on any propane purchased .
With propane hovering around a dollar a gallon on the wholesale market , things start making sense mighty quick .
Full press release for you below :
ROUSH ® EXPANDS PROPANE VEHICLE LINEUP WITH UNVEIL OF LIQUID PROPANE -INJECTED F-250 PICKUP
LAS VEGAS ( January 22 , 2009 ) - Hammering home their success in offering
a propane - powered truck , ROUSH ®
Performance unveiled yesterday at the
2009 International Builders '
Show the next product in the lineup - the
2010 ROUSH Liquid Propane Injected F - 250 .
The ROUSH propane - powered F - 250 immediately received considerable
interest among the attendees who had been looking for a medium - duty
truck that could offer both lower operating costs and greenhouse
emissions .
According to research provided by the Propane Education and Research
Council ( PERC ) , propane is the most widely - used alternative fuel today ,
with more than 10 million vehicles around the world using it as a fuel .
Operating costs typically range from five to 30 percent less than those
of a gasoline - powered fleet , and on average create 20 percent less
nitrous oxide , up to 60 percent less carbon monoxide and fewer
particulate emissions .
" We have had tremendous interest in the ROUSH propane - powered F - 150
and sold several hundred vehicles and conversion kits , but more than
that we had people tell us that they would be much more interested if
there was a medium - duty pickup available , " said Joe Thompson ,
vice - president and general manager of ROUSH Performance .
" With that in
mind , we went to PERC who has been our strong supporter in developing
propane vehicles and took the next steps to expanding the ROUSH lineup
with the F - 250 .
It is gratifying to see that the response has already
been so positive . "
With deliveries anticipated to start in the third quarter , ROUSH will
make this product available in two forms ; customers can choose either a
complete ROUSH - assembled vehicle which will have a 3 - year / 36,000 mile
warranty , or a conversion kit to fit existing trucks in the field which
also carries the same warranty .
The conversion kit will also fit 2009
F -250 pickups that may be in service .
The order banks for both the vehicle and the conversion kit , both of
which are true OEM - quality in terms of engineering and materials , will
open on January 26 .
Among the components changed are the fuel tank with
multi-valve fuel pump , stainless steel fuel lines , billet aluminum fuel
rails , an upgraded custom ROUSH PCM calibration , and all necessary
wiring , hardware and instructions .
The kit will have a retail price of $ 7,995 , and qualifies for a federal
tax credit of $ 5,000 .
There are also a number of state , regional and
local tax credits and rebates available for the purchase and
implementation of alternative fuel vehicles .
Additionally , propane
prices per gallon are normally significantly much lower than gasoline or
diesel , and with the proper infrastructure in place a fleet user can
qualify for a 50 - cent tax credit per gallon used .
The ROUSH propane - powered F - 250 will come standard with an in - bed tank
offering 62 - usable gallons of fuel .
This will allow a range of
approximately 500 miles depending on the chassis and driving habits .
A
under - bed propane tank will be available ( with a range of approximately
250 miles ) for users where range is not as important as bed capacity .
There will be no loss of horsepower , torque or towing capacity on the
ROUSH propane - powered F - 250 as compared to the truck 's gasoline - powered
equivalent .
The truck will have all federal , CARB and Canadian
certifications .
ROUSH has long been considered as Detroit 's foremost Tier 1 advanced
powertrain engineering company and well known for producing massive
horsepower from gasoline engines .
Now this same company has turned their
resources towards helping fleet customers save money and reduce
greenhouse gasses by utilizing propane as an engine fuel .
The company
launched a propane F - 150 in 2007 and has plans for several additional
vehicles over the next few years .
Based in Livonia , Mich. , " The Art of Performance Engineering " takes
place at ROUSH Performance .
To get a look behind the scenes at what goes
on at ROUSH and how the vehicles and parts are designed , manufactured ,
tested and produced logon to www.ROUSHtv.com.
In addition to the array
of Ford Mustang and F - 150 styling , handling and performance upgrades , a
complete line of performance parts and crate engines are offered .
For
more information see your local ROUSH dealer , visit
www.ROUSHperformance.com or telephone toll - free ( 800 ) 59 - ROUSH .
*" ROUSH " is the registered trademark of ROUSH Performance Products ,
Inc. , or its related entities .
Using foresight and a bit of the shops , Dtoid ( and hopefully japanator ) user Genki-JAM gave us a sneak peek at what 's to come from Spike " be the spoon " Spiegel .
Mmm ... delicious .
Make it clap .
In a windowless , climate - controlled chamber on the third floor of the Dedman Life Sciences building at Southern Methodist University , thousands of fruit flies are on a diet so someday you wo n't have to be .
The crumb - sized insects , weighing just 1 milligram each , live in slim glass and plastic tubes — 100 flies per— arranged in neat rows in 10 shallow cardboard boxes stacked on shelves , one on top of the other , like little fly condominiums .
The landlord of the flies is 37 - year - old scientist Johannes Bauer , Ph.D.
New to the biology department at SMU , an up - and - coming center for aging research , Bauer feeds his flies every other day with a mixture of sugar and yeast as he studies the effects of calorie restriction on the flies ' health and longevity .
In experiments he started at Brown University , he 's found that consuming 30 to 50 percent fewer calories daily allows the Drosophila melanogaster fruit fly to live 10 to 40 percent longer than its natural lifespan — the equivalent in humans of living 120 years or more .
Flies fed less are more alert , says Bauer .
They 're more active in almost every way , except they 're not as fertile .
Female flies share the tubes with males anyway because , says the scientist , " we want them to have some fun . "
Info SMU Closed Location
Semi-starvation does n't sound like a party , but calorie restriction — a scientific term meaning under-nutrition without malnutrition — is now being touted as the latest fountain - of - youth secret for extending the human " health span " and possibly the life span .
Gerontologists , oncologists , biochemists and biologists like Bauer , engaged in calorie restriction studies on lab animals , believe they 've found an effective way to stave off cancers , heart disease , diabetes , arthritis , Alzheimer 's and many other ailments .
Staying hungry and living lean , say some researchers , is the only mechanism scientifically known to slow down the aging process and prevent age - related illnesses .
This comes as little surprise to children 's book author Shannon Vyff , 33 , of Round Rock .
For the past eight years , she has been a member of the Calorie Restriction Society , a loosely connected ( mostly through Facebook ) international " community " devoted to austere eating for healthy purposes .
Vyff is now one of the society 's most vocal supporters .
She discovered calorie restriction after having three children in her 20s and hitting 200 pounds after the third .
" I started searching online for diets and came across calorie restriction , and it made a lot of sense , " says Vyff , 5 - foot - 10 - inches and now 130 pounds , up from her lowest of 117 .
It took her just six months on CR to lose 85 pounds .
" There was an adjustment period at first .
But I started to like the foods that were healthy for me .
The hardest thing was cutting out some of the things that I loved eating , like pasta and breads . "
Calorie Restrictors — sometimes called CRONies , for Calorie Restriction / Optimal Nutrition — eat between 10 and 30 percent fewer calories than the typical adult , avoiding any foods high in fat , sugar or starch .
Vyff now eats once a day , usually a lean chicken breast poached in water , some steamed broccoli or squash and maybe a glass of fresh orange juice .
She eats red meat once every two weeks and prefers it cooked rare .
Her daily calorie count hovers around 1,200 if she 's not exercising ; 1,600 to 1,800 if she runs 5 or 10 miles on the treadmill .
She 's also on a local roller derby team .
When she 's in training for that , she might help herself to a few extra morsels .
Her favorite treat : six raw walnut halves and three Ghirardelli chocolate chips .
She credits CR with helping her pass her latest driving test without glasses for the first time .
Her chronic knee pain disappeared , and her energy level zoomed , she says .
Vyff 's husband , Michael Trice , 32 , also follows the CR plan , with occasional lapses for desserts shared with their kids .
( CR is not recommended for children or teens , even if overweight . )
And do they think living on less food will let them live to be 100 or older ?
" Why not ?
If everyone started following calorie restriction , they could extend life by decades and be healthier in the middle years . "
Adherents to calorie restriction and its cousins , raw foodism and veganism , tell similar stories about the positive effects , other than weight loss , of their eat - this / not - that regimens .
They start to look younger than their years ( something observed in calorie - restricted lab animals ) .
Their chronic headaches , arthritis pain and sleep disorders go away without medication .
They feel stronger , happier , more spiritually aware — as if a brain fog has lifted .
Some report bursts of creative energy .
Others describe a feeling of calm that envelops them after going with fewer calories for only a short time .
There is a scientific explanation for all of this .
Reducing caloric intake , even by as little as 10 percent a day ( skipping that extra helping of potatoes ) , sends the body 's cells into a low level of stress that makes them strong when high stresses occur — much the way moderate stress caused by exercise improves people 's health .
" Restricting calories just a little bit puts your body in a state of stress , which makes you a little bit healthier , " says Bauer .
More than 1,000 studies dating back 70 years have shown that eating less , a lot less , retards the aging process and boosts health in a wide variety of laboratory animals : fruit flies , spiders , nematodes , mice , rats , dogs and rhesus monkeys .
Calorie - restricted monkeys , for instance , look less wrinkled as they age .
They have less gray hair , and look and act younger than their regular - diet counterparts .
Eating less seems to make the metabolic processes in the body work more efficiently , Bauer says .
The body enters an altered state that puts the brakes on aging .
In mice , flies and monkeys , that is .
" Calorie restriction works in the lower organisms , we know , " Bauer says .
" But with humans it 's anybody 's guess so far . "
The best guess in the scientific community is that starting a program of calorie restriction in your 30s might add two years , says Bauer .
" If you start in your 40s , it 's six months .
Start later than that , it 's negligible .
It could be a few extra weeks . "
Yet other researchers seriously doubt the health and longevity benefits of calorie restriction for humans .
They say it affects fertility and sometimes causes brittle bones .
Animals put on CR early in life are smaller in adulthood .
Even devoted human followers of CR complain of cold hands and sniffles that never go away .
So why all the interest in calorie restriction now ?
What Bauer and other researchers know for sure is that there is a genetic component to the " calorie restriction response " in lab animals , including fruit flies , that is probably similar in humans .
Given less food than the body thinks it needs , there is a " switch " that goes on , says Bauer , sending a message to the body 's metabolic functions .
" If we could develop switches in the body to turn on and off the calorie restriction response , we could extend life expectancy , " Bauer says .
That 's what he 's looking for in his fruit flies — the " switch " in their genetic makeup that will give the order to their bodies to be healthy and live longer , no matter how much they eat .
And if they find the switch , says Bauer , scientists want to develop a drug that will activate that genetic on - off mechanism to mimic the health effects of calorie reduction without requiring a drastic change in diet .
That will be the magic pill .
One that fools the human body 's metabolism and slows the aging process .
One that allows people to remain disease - free without having to eat smaller meals .
And here 's the good news :
Some scientists think they 've found it .
----
It 's called resveratrol .
It 's a natural substance available right now for a few cents a dose in health food and vitamin stores .
Sold under various retail names , it 's classified as a food supplement in the " antioxidant " category and is not regulated by the Food and Drug Administration .
It 's been proven effective already on fat mice in a University of Pennsylvania study published in 2006 in the premier science journal Nature .
Mice raised on the equivalent of a cheeseburger - and - fries diet were given resveratrol and compared to mice fattened without the supplement .
The study found that the fat mice on resveratrol did n't lose weight but were healthier than the other mice .
They also lived longer .
In a French study , resveratrol - fed fat mice outran skinny ones in treadmill tests and built up healthy muscle even without exercise .
" Resveratrol could be the get - healthy drug , " SMU 's Bauer says .
" It could be the miracle drug . "
And Big Pharma does n't even control it ( yet ) .
Medical and pharmaceutical interest in resveratrol has boomed over the past decade .
Found naturally in certain vines , pine trees , red grapes , chocolate and peanuts , it is a chemical " polyphenol " that helps plants fight off drought , fungi , parasites and other external stressors .
In the early 1990s , chemists looking to find the key to the " French paradox , " which allows the French to eat fatty food without getting heart disease , zeroed in on resveratrol , part of the natural chemistry of red wine grapes and the likely reason red wine produced healthy heart effects .
Dozens of studies now have pinpointed the substance as a bonus not only to heart health but to the prevention of Alzheimer 's and diabetes , reversals of inflammatory responses to spinal cord injuries , and the prevention and treatment of stroke .
Resveratrol is being tested in clinical studies as a natural supplement to chemotherapy and has shown the ability to block cancer cells before they metastasize to bone .
In the most widely publicized report on resveratrol , researchers at Harvard Medical School showed that it mimicked calorie restriction and activated the " longevity gene " in yeast , extending its lifespan by 70 percent .
Harvard professor David Sinclair , one of the scientists on that study , is so confident about the future of resveratrol , he founded a biomedical research company , Sirtris ( named for the sirtuin family of enzymes that react to calorie restriction ) , which focuses on discovering resveratrol - like " small molecule drugs . "
Sirtris Pharmaceuticals was recently acquired by drug giant GlaxoSmithKline for $ 720 million .
Creating a synthetic resveratrol , one that can be approved by the FDA ( and will be profitable for GlaxoSmithKline ) , will be one of the biggest medical discoveries since aspirin , Sinclair said in an interview on the PBS ' NewsHour .
" Let 's admit that people have claimed that they 've had the elixir of youth probably for the last 40,000 or more years .
So I do n't want to claim that we have the cure for aging , by any means , but it 's really clear that modern medicine , modern molecular biology has finally grasped a potential way to manipulate lifespan and have a dramatic impact on health care . "
A pill that diets for you is certainly easier than staying hungry .
The question is how much resveratrol , or its derivatives , you 'd have to take to get the benefits .
In the concentrated version used in lab studies , each dose is about the equivalent of 14 bottles of red wine .
Paul McGlothin , 60 , and wife Meredith Averill , 62 , were subjects in several of the first controlled studies — at Harvard and at University of Washington in St. Louis — testing resveratrol 's effects on people .
" We 're probably the most tested humans in the world , " says McGlothin , CEO of an ad agency in Westchester , New York , and board chairman of the Calorie Restriction Society .
After the studies , McGlothin and Averill decided to continue the calorie restriction regimen they started 15 years ago , without taking resveratrol — " though we think it 's worth consideration , " McGlothin says .
In their guidebook , The CR Way , the couple advises CRONies to eat 30 percent protein , 30 percent fat and 40 percent carbohydrates , focusing on making every bite as beneficial to the body as possible .
No processed foods .
Nothing fried , grilled or breaded .
A day 's worth of oatmeal , blueberries , lentils , poached salmon , barley broth , steamed sweet potatoes , fresh greens and other healthy vittles might add up to between 1,100 and 1,800 calories , depending on the person 's height and weight .
By comparison , a typical adult American male under age 50 who 's not on a restricted diet and leads a fairly sedentary life , eats about 2,500 calories a day without gaining weight .
A typical female , about 2,000 .
For most Americans , too many calories come from high - fat , overprocessed food .
Rather than take resveratrol to be fat and healthy , McGlothin and Averill believe remaining underweight is the key to better health and feeling younger .
McGlothin is 6 feet tall , weighs 133 pounds ( down from 160 pounds 15 years ago ) and has a 30 - inch waist .
He estimates that he consumes around 1,800 calories a day ( the equivalent of one double - cheeseburger , large fries and a shake ) .
Averill dropped 20 pounds after converting to calorie restriction and now weighs 110 .
Both say they have n't been sick in years .
Their eating day begins with the gradual intake of small meals , starting around 5 a.m .
Their largest meal is breakfast , followed a few hours later by a lunch that might include raw or slightly steamed vegetables , beans , grains , fruit , fish and healthful fats .
By 1 or 2 p.m. , they 're finished eating for the day .
Fasting for 12 to 15 hours between " dinner " and breakfast , they believe , allows the digestive organs to rest .
" With CR , you feel more energetic , more than you ever dreamed possible , " says McGlothin , who was featured with Averill in a recent 60 Minutes piece on CR , resveratrol and their effects on longevity .
" You begin to just function better .
My health was always average , not standout .
But after CR , all my health markers began to be like that of a person 15 to 20 years younger . "
McGlothin and Averill have worked closely with doctors , including Sinclair , to chart their progress as CR practitioners .
" We 're proving how it works , " McGlothin says .
" We 're in this to accelerate research . "
And they like to boast that for many years now , they 've been planning their 125th birthday parties .
----
Back in the all - you - can - eat world , soaring obesity and inequality of health care are producing the first generation of Americans who may have a shorter life span than their parents .
After a century of increases in average life expectancy , America now ranks just above Mexico and most Eastern European nations for longevity , say statisticians at Boston College .
Researchers at the University of Illinois in Chicago calculate that in the first half of this century , U.S. life expectancy will level off or get shorter .
In France , Switzerland and Japan , both men and women who live to age 65 , are expected to live years longer on average than Americans who reach 65 .
It 's estimated that 34 percent of American women currently are obese ( typically , that is 20 percent over ideal weight ) , compared with just 4 percent in Japan .
For men , it 's 28 percent and 2 percent , respectively .
With obesity come related diseases such as diabetes , heart disease , kidney disease and cancer .
By 2040 , according to several studies , it 's projected that two - thirds of all American adults will be obese or overweight .
Childhood obesity is already at crisis levels , with dramatic increases in type 2 diabetes among the very young .
As those overweight kids transition to overweight adults , mortality levels will spike as they fall victim to early heart attacks , strokes , kidney failure and other obesity - related ailments .
Meanwhile , baby boomers who 've gained a pound or two a year in every year of middle age will be lurching heavily and unhealthily into their late 60s and 70s .
" Definitely as you age , you need fewer calories , " says Jo Ann Carson , Ph.D. , who teaches clinical nutrition at University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and is a spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association .
" Your metabolism slows down , requiring fewer calories to function .
But those calories should come from better quality nutrients . "
Carson offers a simple formula for calculating how much to decrease daily food consumption to reap the health benefits .
For women , subtract 7 calories per day ( from an average of 2,000 ) for every year past age 19 .
For men , it 's 10 calories per day .
Between ages 20 and 50 , that 's a gradual decrease of between 210 and 300 calories ( the equivalent of a couple of slices of buttered toast ) .
Guidelines issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture in 2005 ( the next set of guidelines will be issued next year ) also advise that Americans need to eat fewer calories , fats and carbs , and should add more fruits , vegetables and whole grains to their diets .
Also recommended are 60 minutes of moderate - to - vigorous physical activity most days of the week .
Carson points to studies that show that calorie restriction followers have healthier glucose and insulin levels as they age , less incidence of inflammatory diseases and do better on cognitive function tests .
" There 's something to this idea that getting just the right amount of calories for survival is an important way to manage health , " she says .
" They find that place where they eat just enough , somewhere between 1,300 and 1,500 calories a day .
The body is remarkable in how it adjusts and tries to maintain a steady state to keep you alive and functioning . "
The few calorie restriction studies using human subjects involved people voluntarily on the diet already , including one project at the Washington University School of Medicine looking at heart health among several groups , including 28 members of the Calorie Restriction Society who had been eating a CR diet for six years .
The CR followers ' hearts were more elastic and able to relax better between beats compared to subjects who ate a standard Western diet and did endurance exercise training .
That study concluded that leanness helped prevent disease , but only calorie reduction slowed down aging .
The most recent short - term study on CR , conducted at the University of Munster in Germany and published online in January by the National Academy of Sciences , lasted three months and determined that reducing calorie intake by 30 percent improved memory ability by 20 percent in elderly individuals ( average age 60.5 years ) .
Evidence keeps mounting showing the many positive effects of eating less .
But is a lifetime of meager meals a guarantee of long life ?
The skunk at the calorie restrictors ' picnic is longevity expert Steven Austad , Ph.D. , author of the book Why We Age and professor of biology at University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio .
He does n't believe that either CR or resveratrol will have as much of a " youthening " effect on humans as they do on lab animals .
As he 's told several conventions of the Calorie Restriction Society in the past , what works on flies and mice fails seven out of 10 times on people .
" We know that CR extends life in some animals , in some it doesn't , " Austad says .
" Some kinds of mice it works , some it does n't .
Some fruit flies it does , some it does n't .
People who study this tend to forget the experiments in which it did n't work . "
Austad says he warns extreme calorie restrictors that " the jury is still out " on whether eating so little will add healthy years .
" It might suppress the immune system and you could die from the next flu epidemic , " he says .
Or you could end up at 80 with muscles too weak to support even a thin body .
" It would be extremely interesting and exciting if reducing your food intake would extend your life .
But people in the aging community tend to jump on the bandwagon and make the leap from fruit flies to humans a little too enthusiastically . "
And resveratrol ?
" Vastly overstated , " Austad maintains .
" Resveratrol has never been shown to extend life in any mammal except one — lab mice — eating so much fat that it was like you and I ate nothing but Big Macs every day .
Other studies on mice eating a normal diet , resveratrol had no impact on how long they lived .
It 's an intriguing drug , but we do n't have any evidence that it really does anything . "
Nature and genetics play a much stronger role in longevity than diet , says Austad .
In his research , he 's interviewed dozens of people who lived to 100 or beyond .
" The ranks of 100 - year - olds are not populated by marathon runners , " he says .
" They did n't exercise .
Some smoked for 95 years .
They 've got a genetic quirk . "
Though he believes the first person to live to be 150 is already alive , Austad , 52 , is n't hedging his own bets on the actuarial tables .
He exercises " fairly fanatically " and does n't smoke , but he also indulges in the occasional cocktail and he does n't count calories .
" Here 's an interesting thing — I 've been to several meetings now of scientists who study calorie restriction , and I look around the room and do n't see gaunt , skinny people , " Austad says .
" Some are slender , some are obese , some are muscular .
If you look at those people who spend their lives [ studying ] CR , very few of them seem to do it themselves . "
Back in the humid fruit fly chamber at SMU , Dr. Johannes Bauer laughs when asked if he practices calorie restriction .
At 5 - foot - 7 - inches , 140 pounds , the German - born scientist ( who looks about 19 ) never exercises , does n't take resveratrol and has never been on a diet .
" Humans evolved as omnivores .
They ate everything in their path , " he says .
----
Ben Franklin advised in Poor Richard 's Almanac : " To lengthen thy life , lessen thy meals . "
Franklin lived into his 80s at a time when the average life expectancy for men was around 35 .
If he were around today , he might also advise eating more of thy meals raw .
At a recent potluck supper of the Our Heart of Dallas Radical Health Raw / Vegan Meetup , one of 10 raw food social groups in Dallas organized through Meetup.com , the dining table at host Amy Hirsch 's apartment is crowded with uncooked edibles prepared by the 25 attendees ( out of 237 members total ) .
Shiny green chard leaves are wrapped around raw bits of cauliflower on one plate , and there 's a container of pudding made from soaked hemp seeds and coconut milk .
Fresh pineapple , blueberries , apples and other fruits brighten the spread .
In the middle of the table sits a large bowl of something resembling wet hair .
It 's hijiki , a calcium - rich brown sea vegetable the " raw foodists , " as they like to be called , eat like noodles .
Eating only uncooked , organic ( as much as possible ) plants and " super- foods " is the next step beyond simple calorie restriction .
Pure raw foodists are vegans , eating no animal products at all , including dairy and eggs .
Also no alcohol or caffeine .
A raw foodist menu is made up mainly of uncooked vegetables and fruits , raw nuts and fresh juices .
They too restrict their daily calorie count — sometimes to half that of a non-vegan 's — because of the amount of leafy greens and other low - cal veggies they fill up on .
Miranda Martinez , a Dallas actress who also does theater production and PR , has been attending raw food get - togethers since converting to an all - raw vegan diet in 2007 .
A native of Panama , Martinez , now 36 , had been a yoyo dieter and admitted " bread - aholic " for much of her life .
She 'd tried all the major fad and commercial weight - loss plans : Atkins , The Zone , Cybergenics , Weight Watchers , low - carb , high - protein and the Master Cleanse ( a liquid fast involving lemonade , cayenne pepper and maple syrup ) .
With most , she 'd lose weight and then gain it all back and more , she recalls .
In December 2007 , after hitting 205 pounds , the 5 - foot - 2 - inch Martinez did a 30 - day Master Cleanse fast , which knocked off 21 pounds , then started eating only organic raw fruits and vegetables , totaling about 1,500 calories a day .
She lost eight pounds the first week on the raw foods and also lost her craving for sweets .
Within a few months , her cholesterol levels dropped into healthy numbers .
She began supplementing with so - called super - foods — spirulina , bee pollen , chia seeds , nutritional yeast and nori seaweed — and signed up for Bikram yoga classes three times a week .
By July 2008 , Martinez had pared off 66 pounds , going from a size 20 to a size 4 .
She said it was n't a struggle , and she is now such a believer in raw foods , she 's started working as a " coach " to help those who want to try the raw way of life .
She 's also written an e-book full of tips and recipes , available on her Web site , VivaRaw.com .
" Before going raw , I felt a physical pull toward food , " Martinez says .
" I wanted the bread , the chips , the desserts .
I had an emotional connection to food .
For me , eating raw food has meant finding freedom .
As long as my food is raw , I can eat and be satisfied .
Now if I get hungry , I eat another apple .
It 's the best I 've ever felt in my life .
I do n't get colds anymore .
My allergies went away .
This is my way of life now . "
The raw foodists are energetic evangelists , touting the benefits they 've reaped from giving up cooked and processed food .
But there is no scientific basis , says UT - Southwestern nutrition expert Jo Ann Carson , for a raw food diet being healthier than one that includes cooked food , dairy and meats .
" There is a science basis for calorie restriction , " Carson says .
" But raw foodists are an extreme . "
Carson warns that an all - raw diet could lack adequate protein .
" They 're also losing some muscle , which makes them look thin , " she says .
" But when they get older , they 're not going to have the muscle strength to support themselves easily .
They could be more likely to fall over , break bones and die .
[ Going on raw foods ] might keep them from getting cancer at 50 , but if they live to be 80 , their musculature is not going to be as good . "
Isaac Clay , 28 , is a stringbean at 6 - foot - 1 - inch and 160 pounds .
He met his girlfriend Courtney Taylor , 27 , at a Dallas raw foodists ' eat - and - greet last year .
She started eating only raw vegan foods at age 20 ; he did at 23 , after a period of depression and soul - searching following the sudden death of his mother contributed to his weight topping at 220 .
He credits going raw with his weight loss , his acne clearing and his chronic backaches going away .
It also lifted him out of depression .
" Shock and grief derailed me , " Clay recalls .
" I stuffed myself with fast food two or three times a day .
I would eat fried chicken feet at a Chinese restaurant .
When I first got into raw foods , it was new and huge to me .
Now it 's second nature .
Raw food makes the most sense . "
His two favorite items : a super - food supplement made of blue - green algae and a drink powder called Chocolate Bliss that can be blended with raw fruits or vegetables as a meal replacement .
Clay estimates there are about 600 hard - core raw foodists among the various Meetup groups in the Dallas area .
Almost every weekend , there 's a free buffet at somebody 's house , where people share recipes and give testimonials about which foods are " supporting " them .
Being part of a community of like - minded eaters is as beneficial as the food itself , says Clay .
" Getting together physically is a powerful thing .
You can't just do it through the Internet .
Life is all about relationships . "
And his relationship with calorie - restricted raw foods has a higher goal : Living longer .
" I just do n't plan on dying , " he says .
" And as long as we 're nourishing our cells properly , we 're basically immortal . "
On a diet of salads and seaweed , however , it might just feel like forever .
While working on this story , writer Elaine Liner started taking resveratrol daily and eating raw foods .
She has lost 9 pounds .
Brad Feld has a good post up about software patents where he argues that they should be abolished .
I completely agree with Brad about software patents , I think they are useless as a business tool .
Until they are abolished however , I encourage all of our portoflio companies to file for as many as they need for defensive purposes .
I posted a cliche of the week on this last year .
But I 'd like to dig deeper on this issue of Intellectual Property ( IP ) protection .
We , as a country , have had a policy of broad intellectual propery protections ( copywrights , patents , etc ) as a means to foster innovation .
As it was told to me , the idea is to encourage people to come up with innovative ideas by giving them long term exclusive rights to those ideas .
I am sure that many of you who read this blog have a deeper understanding of the prinicipals behind intellectual property rights and the logic behind them so feel free to weigh in on this in the comments .
I suppose that there is some logic to that argument , but having spent the past twenty years of my life working with people who are risking their time , energy , and money ( and the money of my firm and our partners ) on innovative ideas , I honestly do n't see the logic in our patent system and some of the copyright system .
If you look at the arts for example , innovation by one artist leads to innovation by another artist .
If Picasso had patented cubism , would we have had the burst of energy around that way of thinking about painting ?
If Chuck Berry had patented his approach to rythm and blues , would we have gotten Keith Richards ?
If Shakespeare had patented his approach to tragedies and comedies , would that have stifled or encouraged innovation in theater and literature ?
My point is this .
Innovation is an evolution .
Everybody takes from everybody else .
A truly competitve darwinian system where it 's survival of the fittest may produce orders of magnitude more innovation than a system where someone gets to keep a lid on their invention ( if in fact it is their invention which is a serious problem with our current system ) .
I think of the patent system in our country a bit like the tenure system in our academic institutions .
It protects ideas and people that may not deserve to be protected and it allows for underperformance and it stifles creativity and energy .
Clearly we cannot abolish our system of intellectual property overnight .
Many billions of dollars ( including tens of millions of capital I manage ) has been invested in companies that are using intellectual property protection as a competitive weapon .
If there is going to be change , it must be gradual .
But I am encouraging all of us , the readers of this blog , other bloggers , academics , politicians , public policy wonks , and anyone else who cares about innovation in our country and the world at large to think hard about a world without patents and less intellectual property protection broadly speaking and what impact that would have on innovation and the flow of capital around innovation .
I believe we need a new way in the years to come .
Our current approach is holding us back , not taking us forward .
