About The Author Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She writes for a number of blogs and is the author of The Smashing … More about Cameron Chapman …
Mastering CSS , Part 2 : Advanced Techniques and Tools
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
CSS is one of the most basic building blocks of modern web design .
It creates the structure and style that surrounds your content and is capable of making your site a joy to use or a pain in the neck .
Mastering CSS is one of the most important things a web designer can do , and has really become an essential criteria for being a successful designer .
In Part 1 : Styling Design Elements we covered the basics of web design with CSS .
In Part 2 we ’re offering up some more advanced techniques and effects you can achieve with CSS .
Everything from creating your own online apps ( like calendars ) to styling web pages for use with the iPhone to some basics of working with CSS3 is covered here .
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
1. Calendars , Lists , Tables , and Timelines
CSS can be used to build calendars , timelines , and even “ tables ” ( or charts ) .
The tutorials below sometimes use CSS combined with various programming languages .
CSS / jQuery Sequential List
Have you ever had to manually code something that is sequential ?
Did n’t you find it annonying ?
Well , here is a simple solution for you .
This tutorial will show you how to use jQuery to add a sequent of CSS classes to create a graphical list .
Date displays with sprites
This tutorial explains how to achieve an original date display using CSS sprites .
A clever technique .
An alternative solution ( using the transform property in CSS ) .
Pure CSS Timeline A great tutorial for creating a clean - looking timeline for your site using straightforward CSS and HTML markup .
A CSS - based Timeline Another tutorial for creating a timeline with CSS .
i Cal - like Calendar ( CSS + jQuery )
A great tutorial for creating a dynamic calendar resembling the iCal application .
Build a Calendar Using PHP , XHTML , and CSS Example A simple tutorial for creating a dynamic online calendar .
CSS : Menu List Design
This is a quick CSS tutorial to show you how to create a menu list using either the CSS border style or a background image .
The trick is to apply a bottom border to the li element , then use the absolute position property to shift the nested elements down to cover the border .
Pure CSS Scrollable Table with Fixed Header
This tutorial shows how to use CSS to allow scrolling within an HTML table with a header .
Date Badges and Comment Bubbles for Your Blog “ One of the things you run into when your blog becomes bigger , is that you need to cram more info into less space , to make it possible to display all the information you want to show .
One of the things I did to do that is add an icon for the date , and then a bubble over that with the number of comments in it . ”
Styling tables with CSS A simple tutorial for styling HTML tables entirely with CSS .
2. iPhone CSS Techniques
i Phone has revolutionized the way many people view the Web .
Mobile web browsers before that were often clunky and were primarily used for quickly looking things up online , not for general browsing .
But now , the iPhone and similar new mobiles devices make browsing online while on the go much easier .
It makes sense to design with the iPhone in mind now .
Below are some resources for creating CSS specifically for the iPhone .
i Phone Application UI Design Patterns
The iPhone is one big constraint — no keyboard , small screen , few buttons — so designing applications for the iPhone is an exercise in building smart , simple software .
There are three main interaction concepts that correspond to three different types of View Controllers : Navigation Controllers , Tab Bar Controllers , Modal View Controllers and Table View Controllers respectfully .
These are the building blocks for crafting iPhone applications .
Serving iPhone Specific CSS
This article covers a couple of different ways to serve an iPhone specific CSS file , including an easy way .
Safari on iPhone Graphics , Media , and Visual Effects Coding How - To ’s
This is a complete guide from Apple on working with Safari on the iPhone , including information on graphics , media and more .
Web Development for the iPhone Another guide to developing sites specifically for the iPhone .
How to Get Started with iPhone Dev
This article is an introduction to the various ways of getting content and applications onto the iPhone .
It is by no means a full guide , but hopes to point you in the right direction and give you an overview of what is involved in the process .
6 Tips to Optimize Your Website for iPhone Ordinary websites are receiving more traffic from mobile devices than ever before .
Even if you have no immediate plans to serve a microsite to your iPhone visitors , there are steps you can take to make your current website more iPhone friendly .
In this article you will explore several techniques you can perform to present optimized content for these users .
j Pint jPint is a set of libraries designed by Journyx to allow developers to build web - based applications that look and feel as much like native iPhone apps as possible , while retaining the ability for those apps to be used by people who , for whatever reason , do n’t actually have an iPhone .
43 iPhone Development Resources Programming for the iPhone is still pretty new .
It might be a bit tougher to find iPhone developer resources , but we found a bunch that will get you through building any iPhone app you might be starting on .
Check out our list of our favorite developer books , blogs , podcasts , screencasts , open - source libraries , communities , forums , conferences , training , and more .
3. Form and Search Techniques
Creating user - friendly forms , login screen , and search boxes is an important bit of design .
Whether you just want to make your forms a bit more aesthetically pleasing or if you want to increase usability by changing the appearance of standard forms , the resources below can help .
Create Custom Search Bars with Image Replacement using CSS
The incorporation of custom elements , like search boxes , can set your website apart from its competitors .
This tutorial covers how to add a custom search bar to your site , though it ’s not cross - browser compatible .
Fancy Form Design Using CSS
This article covers form styling with CSS .
Designing The Search Submit Button - A CSS Cross - Browser Compatible Solution Learn how to create a custom image like a magnifying glass , or the word ‘ GO ’ in a circle , instead of the default search submit button .
Making Forms Convert Through Awesome Inline Labels
This tutorial shows how to increase form follow - through by using better inline labels .
CSSG Collections : Web Forms
This is a collection of uniquely designed web forms available to use for free .
45 + Really Essential Free HTML [ Form ] Enhancements
This collection of free form enhancements covers a number of CSS techniques .
minimal form layout / quick css tricks
This post gives some quick CSS tricks for minimalist form layout and design .
4. Visualization Techniques
Creating visual representations of data can really set your website apart .
Whether these are just tables clarifying the relationships between data sets or even things as simple as loaders and progress bars , creating an effective visualization of your data improves user experience and increases the likelihood your visitors will comprehend your site ’s content .
Simple CSS shiny progress bar technique
This post covers a simple method for creating a progress bar with a couple of DIVS and an image that is colored with CSS .
20 + CSS Data Visualization Techniques
This post gives an excellent rundown of more than twenty data visualization techniques using CSS .
Accessible Data Visualization with Web Standards
This article from A List Apart gives a rundown on creating standards - compliant data visualizations using CSS and XHTML .
5. Other Handy Techniques and Tips
Here are a handful of other CSS techniques for creating things like transparency and realistic hover effects .
CSS Star Rating Part Deux
This tutorial builds off a former tutorial and shows how to create star ratings that will show ratings that are n’t an exact integer ( like 3.5 ) .
Two Techniques for CSS Transparency
This tutorial shows two techniques for creating transparency with CSS , including one that uses CSS3 and a lower - tech version .
Placing a CSS background image horizontally right on an h2 using a span element Learn how to add a background image to a heading 2 element and have it perfectly aligned on the right side of the text while keeping the default block element behavior .
Snazzy Pullquotes for Your Blog Learn how to add a background image to a heading 2 element and have it perfectly aligned on the right side of the text while keeping the default block element behavior .
Cross - browser semi- transparent backgrounds
Here ’s a comprehensive tutorial for creating semi-transparent backgrounds with CSS that includes a hack to make it work with IE6 .
How to : CSS Large Background
This tutorial provides various CSS examples on how you can create a large background site using either a single or double images .
Creating Thumbnails Using the CSS Clip Property
The clip property in CSS is useful for clipping images and creating thumbnails without having to create additional files .
This trick can be used to create square thumbnails , or to create other kinds of thumbnails without actually duplicating files on the server .
Here is the rundown .
CSS image replacement with … images !
Sites with dark backgrounds lend themselves well to white or light - colored logos .
The result can be nice on screen , but if the site is printed , there can be undesirable results : either the logo does n’t show up , or if it was saved as a transparent gif , it shows with jagged pixelated edges where the edges are meant to blend in with a dark background color .
This article present a method that uses a print - optimized image in the html , and CSS to swap out the image with a screen - friendly one .
Text overlay with CSS
The idea is just to overlay some text over an image , but as blocks that stick out from the left with an even amount of padding all the way around the variable - length text .
Internet Explorer & CSS issues
This article covers a variety of techniques for fixing issues with CSS rendering in Internet Explorer .
Disabling Deprecated HTML Using CSS
This tutorial shows how to disable any deprecated HTML your clients might try to use when updating their site by using CSS .
6. CSS3 Techniques
Below are a variety of techniques specifically for CSS3 .
They include information on mixing CSS3 with jQuery , using shadow effects and gradients , and even some collections that cover multiple techniques and tutorials .
Mixing CSS3 and jQuery A thorough roundup of techniques for combining CSS3 and jQuery .
CSS Gradients in Action A post covering examples of CSS gradients , with the code included .
The Shadow Effect In CSS3
An overview of using CSS3 ’s native shadow effect .
Go Beyond Web - Safe Fonts with CSS3 Design your typography around any of the variety of fonts available using a new CSS3 technique .
The tools listed here can make your CSS better , faster , and more efficient .
SlickMap CSS - A Visual Sitemapping Tool for Web Developers
A tool to create a styled sitemap from a basic HTML unordered list .
Phoenix : Add-ons for Firefox Phoenix is a Firefox add - on editor that lets you work on CSS , HTML , and JavaScript code , including testing .
It also tells you how many CSS or JS files are loaded into a page , along with their size , and lets you control those files .
Juicer - a CSS and JavaScript packaging tool
This app will combine your multiple CSS or JS files into a single file , reducing HTML requests and speeding up load times .
Gridmaker v3 A simple online grid - design app .
Codetech Firefox Extension
Get the feel of Dreamweaver in a Firefox extension .
Edit your documents right next to your web pages as you surf .
Boks - a visual grid editor Boks is an AIR application ( so it works on Windows , Mac and Linux ) that provides a User Interface for Blueprint CSS ’s framework .
It ’s been designed for those who think the Grid System is good but never really took the time to give it love .
It handles grid configuration , baseline rhythm pimpin ’ , CSS ( with or without compression ) and grid.png export and HTML layout .
Modernizr Modernizr lets you create if - statements in your CSS with an intuitive syntax .
CSS Vertical Rhythm Generator
This tool will help you compute CSS that has a consistent vertical rhythm .
If you are not sure what this is all about check out this article about vertical measure .
Typeselect - Selectable text replacement
By leveraging typeface.js , jQuery , the canvas , toDataURL , CSS background properties and real overlayed text , Type Select is able to combine custom fonts with your browser ’s native text selection funcationality .
You can now interact with beautifully rendered typefaces just like you do with normal text .
Drawbacks : no support for : hover or line breaks , text is not selectable in IE .
CSS Prism
Enter the URL of any CSS file to view and modify its color spectrum .
You can use CSS Prism bookmarklet to view and modify the color spectrum from any website .
Compress PHP , CSS , JavaScript ( JS ) & Optimize website performance .
This articles gives a good overview of GZip compression .
8. More Articles and Resources
The articles below offer up some great additional resources for working with CSS .
They include hacks , creating interactive designs with CSS and jQuery , and a collection of CSS tricks for working with WordPress , among others .
Interactive Webdesign with CSS and jQuery A roundup of really great CSS and jQuery techniques from all over the web for improving your website ’s UI .
My Top Ten CSS Tricks
A rundown of some excellent CSS techniques and tips .
Different Ways To Format CSS
This post will focus on the different ways to format CSS , which differs from the different ways to organize CSS .
Definitely related concepts , but organization has more to do with how things are grouped and ordered while formatting has to do with spacing and indenting .
CSS Sprites are Stupid — Let ’s Use Archives Instead !
An article covering why using archives is better than CSS sprites .
10 astonishing CSS hacks and techniques Cover 10 cross - browser CSS techniques and hacks for creating better websites .
7 tiny CSS tricks you ’ll always need for a WordPress theme .
A roundup of essential CSS tricks and techiques specific to WordPress design and development .
21 Stylish CSS / jQuery Solutions To Beautify Your Web Designs
A collection of CSS and jQuery techniques to make your websites more aesthetically pleasing .
CSS : A tribute to selectors A great article about CSS selectors .
10 CSS properties that ‘ were ’ impossible to implement in IE6
This post covers ten CSS techniques that were supposedly impossible to implement in IE6 , as well as information on how to make them work .
Background Images and CSS in HTML Email Some tips on using background images in HTML email .
About the author
Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She also writes for a number of blogs , including her own , Cameron Chapman On Writing .
She ’s also the author of the forthcoming book Internet Famous .
NEW ORLEANS 
Mere survival was never the issue .
Those familiar with Louisiana and its Republican senator , David Vitter , knew he would survive the summer of 2007 , after he showed up on the client list of a Washington prostitution ring and then refused to address the matter beyond admitting to a “ very serious sin ” at a brief news conference .
What came as a surprise to many here is how he became a strong early favorite going into his 2010 re-election race .
That turnabout is largely due to one person .
“ Along comes Obama , ” said Elliott Stonecipher , a political analyst and demographer based in Shreveport , “ and it changed everything . ”
It is difficult to overstate President Obama ’s unpopularity in most of Louisiana .
He lost handily to Senator John McCain here , picking up only 14 percent of the white vote ( the state is roughly two - thirds white ) .
His health care plan is unpopular .
His cap - and - trade plan to reduce greenhouse gases , in a state so dependent on oil and gas , is anathema .
In fact , in the South , which largely voted against Mr. Obama , the anger at his policies has been palpable , as shown by Wednesday outburst of a South Carolina Republican congressman , Joe Wilson , during Mr. Obama ’s address to Congress .
The case was made long ago that Fox News is a blight on the media map .
It is bad for journalism .
It is bad for Democracy .
It is bad for America .
A so - called “ news ” network that repeatedly misinforms , even deliberately disinforms , its audience is failing any test of public service embodied by an ethical press .
I , personally , have made the case for an embargo of Fox News by Democrats and progressives ( see Starve the Beast : Part I , Part II , Part III ) , documenting via studied analysis that there is no affirmative value to appearing on Fox News – a network that has established itself as overtly hostile to the Democratic message and its messengers .
However , there is another side to this that has not been addressed previously .
Republicans might be well advised to avoid Fox News as well .
There is a case to be made that Fox News is demonstrably harmful to the Republican Party .
In fact , it may be the worst thing to happen to Republicans in decades .
That may seem counter - intuitive when discussing Fox News , the acknowledged public relations division of the Republican Party .
Fox has populated its air with right - wing mouthpieces and brazenly partisan advocates for a conservative Republican agenda .
They read GOP press releases on the air verbatim as if they were the product of original research .
They provide a forum where Republican politicians and pundits can peddle their views unchallenged .
So how is this harmful to Republicans ?
If all we were witnessing was the emergence of a mainstream conservative network that aspired to advance Republican themes and policies , there would not be much of note here .
Most of the conventional media was already center - right before there was a Fox News .
But Fox has corralled a stable of the most disreputable , unqualified , extremist , lunatics ever assembled , and is presenting them as experts , analysts , and leaders .
These third - rate icons of idiocy are marketed by Fox like any other gag gift ( i.e. pet rocks , plastic vomit , Sarah Palin , etc. ) .
So while most Americans have never heard of actual Republican party bosses like House Minority Leader John Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , posers like Joe the Plumber and Carrie Prejean have become household names .
Fox News has descended into depths heretofore reserved for fringe characters .
They are openly promoting the wackos who believe that President Obama is ineligible to hold office because he is n’t a U.S. citizen .
They feature commentaries by secessionists and even those calling for an overthrow of the government and the Constitution .
This explains how folks like Ralph Peters , a retired military officer who said that the Taliban captors of a U.S. Soldier would be saving us a lot of trouble and expense if they would just kill him , earn airtime on Fox .
Peters previously told Fox News that he favors military strikes against media targets .
This explains how Glenn Beck can agree with a guest that it would be a good thing if America were attacked again by Osama bin Laden .
And do n’t even get me started on Victoria Jackson , who has joined an ever - lengthening line of psycho-Chicken Littles who compare the President to Hitler .
Good Advice :
“ If crazy ideologues have infiltrated the news business , we need to know about it . ”
~ Bill O’Reilly ,
7/16/09 ~ Bill O’Reilly , 7/16/09
The list of loonies extends to politicians like Michele Bachmann , entertainers like Ted Nugent , and of course , the talk show pundits like Rush Limbaugh , whose maniacal rantings are elevated by Fox into their version of political dialogue .
It ’s a dialogue that is consumed with ACORN conspiracies and Manchurian presidents .
The problem is that by elevating bona fide nutcases , they are debasing honest and informed discourse .
The mental cases are crowding out any reasonable voices that might exist amongst the more moderate Republicans ( if there are any left ) .
Fox appears to have made a tactical decision to permit the inmates full run of the asylum .
As a result , the Fox News audience is being dumbed down by a parade of paranoid know - nothings .
This strategy appears to be successful for Fox in that it has attracted a loyal viewership that is eager to have their twisted preconceptions affirmed .
The conflict - infused fare in which Fox specializes is a ratings juggernaut – just like any good fiction .
However , this perceived popularity is having an inordinate impact on the GOP platform .
By doubling down on crazy , Fox is driving the center of the Republican Party further down the rabid hole .
They are reshaping the party into a more radicalized community of conspiracy nuts .
So even as this helps Rupert Murdoch ’s bottom line , it is making celebrities of political bottom - feeders .
That ca n’t be good for the long - term prospects of the Republican Party .
With the Fox network unabashedly promoting the most ridiculous rumors , myths , and nightmares of the rightist fringe , moderate and independent Americans will grow ever more suspicious of the Fox / GOP agenda .
Most Americans do not believe that Sonia Sotomayor is a racist ; or that FEMA is constructing concentration camps ; or that we are on a march toward socialism , communism , fascism , or whatever the right is peddling this week .
Most Americans do not believe that Barack Obama is a Muslim , a reptilian alien , or the anti-Christ .
In short , most Americans think that the loopy yarns spun by Fox News are fables told by madmen – and believed by even madder men and women who wallow in their doomsday utopia .
Fox News is fond of boasting about their ratings dominance .
It is a daily occurrence and the structural core of their argument that they reflect the mood of America .
The GOP has bought this argument in its entirety .
So it is important to note here that success in the Nielsen ratings has no correlation to public opinion polling .
The ratings only measure the program choices of Nielsen ’s survey participants .
That is a subset of the population at large , and not a particularly representative one .
It is a sample focused on consumers , not voters .
And its respondents are just those willing to have their TV viewing monitored 24 hours a day , which skews the sample in favor of people who are n’t creeped out by that .
What ’s more , viewing choices are not necessarily an endorsement of the opinions presented in the program .
There are many reasons people choose to watch TV shows , the most frequent being its entertainment value .
So any attempt to tie ratings to partisan politics is a foolish exercise that demonstrates a grievous misunderstanding of the business of television .
As for what constitutes success in the television marketplace , due to the broad diversification of available programming , it does n’t take much to be heralded as a hit .
A mere 3 share ( 3 % of people watching TV ) will land you in the top 10 .
For cable news the bar is set even lower .
In fact , the top rated show on the top rated cable news network ( The O’Reilly Factor ) only gets about 3 million viewers .
That ’s less than 1 % of the American population .
It ’s also less than World Wrestling Entertainment , SpongeBob SquarePants , and the CBS Evening News ( the lowest rated broadcast network news program ) .
By contrast , America ’s Got Talent is seen by 12 million viewers – four times O’Reilly ’s audience .
Numbers this low ought not to inspire much excitement from political operatives .
Nevertheless , Republicans are riding the coattails of Fox News as if it were representative of a booming conservative mandate in the electorate .
They are embracing Fox ’s most delusional eccentrics .
This is leading to the promotion of similar eccentrics within the party .
Which brings us the absurd spectacle of the network ’s nuts interviewing the party ’s pinheads .
The inevitable result of this system of rewarding those farthest from reality is the creation of a constituency of crackpots .
It is an endorsement of the philosophy brewed by the Tea Baggers that espouses racism , tyranny , and armed revolt .
It is enabling a frightening corps of openly militant adversaries of democracy , free speech , and Constitutional rule .
It is the sort of environment that produced the murders of Dr. George Tiller and Holocaust Museum guard Stephen Johns .
This is a textbook example of how the extreme rises to the top .
It is also fundamentally contrary to the interests of the Republican Party .
The more the population at large associates Republican ideology with the agenda of Fox News , and the fringe operators residing there , the more the party will be perceived as out of touch , or even out of their minds .
It seems like such a waste after all of the effort and expense that Fox put into building a pseudo - journalistic enterprise with the goal of confounding viewers with false news - like theatrics .
Make no mistake , Fox News is still managed by hard core party patrons .
And I ’m not referring just to opinion - driven commentators like Glenn Beck , Bill O’Reilly , and Sean Hannity , although they are bad enough .
No , I am talking about executives and editors like CEO , Roger Ailes , former Nixon and Bush media consultant .
I ’m talking about Washington Managing Editor and VP , Bill Sammon , an avid right - wing alum of the Washington “ Moonie ” Times .
I ’m talking about Business News Chief and VP , Neil Cavuto , antagonistic interrupter extraordinaire .
And let us not forget the head hype- master , Rupert Murdoch , whose UK operations were just discovered to have been unlawfully wiretapping celebrities , politicians , and even members of the Royal Family .
Augmenting that executive roster are the GOP regulars who are straight out of the just retired Republican White House : Karl Rove , Dana Perino , John Bolton , Dan Senor , and Linda Chavez .
And then there are the Fox News clowns…er … “ contributors ” like Dick Morris , Ann Coulter , Fred Barnes , Charles Krauthammer , Rick Santorum , Newt Gingrich , Bernie Goldberg , Michele Malkin , and on and on .
If nothing else , Fox is a full - employment program for rightist weasels ( and they also operate the Conservative Book Promotion Club ) .
The mission of Fox News from its inception was to be more than just a voice of opposition to Democrats .
It was to utterly crush the left end of the political spectrum leaving only a teetering right wing with no counter balance .
Yet , despite the torrid embrace between Republicans and Fox News , it is apparent that Fox is the source of a sort of friendly fire that is decimating the GOP by exalting its most outlandish and unpopular players .
And since Republicans have not been particularly popular anyway lately , the anchor being thrown to them by Fox ca n’t be all that helpful – – – Except to Democrats .
The transcript to the piece explains the piece completely and accurately .
What you miss is the effect it creates .
" I am sitting in a room , the same one you are in now .
I am recording the sound of my speaking voice and I am going to play it back into the room again and again until the resonant frequencies of the room reinforce themselves so that any semblance of my speech , with perhaps the exception of rhythm , is destroyed .
What you will hear , then , are the natural resonant frequencies of the room articulated by speech .
I regard this activity not so much as a demonstration of a… read more
Biden in Baghdad to uphold occupation , speed access to oil
By Bill Van Auken
18 September 2009
US Vice President Joe Biden traveled to Iraq this week for a series of discussions with Iraqi officials aimed at forestalling a precipitous end to the US military occupation of the country and opening up Iraq ’s oil wealth to exploitation by US - based energy conglomerates .
On Thursday , the third day of his trip , Biden flew to the country ’s semi-autonomous Kurdish region in the north for talks with Kurdish leaders .
In his meetings with Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who is Kurdish , and Masoud Barzani , the president of Iraqi Kurdistan , Biden apparently pushed for a compromise with the Iraqi federal government in Baghdad on the issues of territorial borders and control of oil .
Concerns that conflicts between the Kurdish Regional Government and the central government in Baghdad could precipitate a new round of civil war were reflected in the proposal made last month by the commander of the US occupation forces in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , to send US forces to the north to act as a buffer between Kurdish and Arab forces .
Under the plan , US troops would carry out joint patrols with Iraqi soldiers and Kurdish militiamen , beginning first in Ninevah province , which includes Mosul , and then moving into the oil - producing city of Kirkuk , which is claimed by both Iraqi Kurds and Arabs and has been a flashpoint of violent tensions .
The plan would contradict the US - Iraqi status of forces agreement , which called for the 130,000 US troops still in Iraq to cease patrols in Iraqi cities beginning last June .
A senior US official was quoted by Reuters news agency as saying that Biden had told the Kurdish officials the same thing he had told President Nouri al - Maliki and others in Baghdad the day before — all sides should compromise in order “ to accept a slightly smaller piece of a much larger pie . ”
During the course of his visit , the US vice - president has made clear his concern that a bigger piece of this pie should go to the American oil companies , whose interests have played a prominent role in the prosecution of the Iraq war since well before the invasion of March 2003 .
The dispute between Baghdad and the Kurdish region constitutes a roadblock to the passage of a hydrocarbons law that would set the terms for exploitation of Iraq ’s vast oil reserves by foreign oil firms and protect their profit interests .
Kurdish authorities have asserted the right to sign their own deals with foreign companies over oil reserves in the north that Baghdad insists belong to Iraq as a whole .
Putting aside who has the authority to conclude such deals , the other main sticking point in the hydrocarbons legislation is proposed provisions that would divide the oil wealth between the country ’s main ethno- religious groups —
Sunni , Shia and Kurd — that have been pushed into conflict by the US invasion and occupation .
According to the Washington Post Thursday , Biden has pressed “ Iraqi leaders to offer more financial incentives for foreign investors to bid on Iraqi oil concessions . ”
This demand points once again to the real motives that underlay the Bush administration ’s decision to invade Iraq and to the objectives that are still being pursued by the Obama administration in its attempt to consolidate a puppet regime subordinate to US domination of the country and its oil wealth .
The other major objective of Biden ’s trip was to press for the Iraqi regime to quash a referendum on the status of forces agreement ( SOFA ) concluded between the Bush administration and Maliki and ratified by the Iraqi parliament last December .
Under legislation passed by the parliament in August , the referendum is supposed to be held in conjunction with parliamentary elections set for January 30 .
The SOFA calls for the withdrawal of all US “ combat forces ” by August 2010 , many of which will be sent into the US war in Afghanistan .
A residual force estimated at 50,000 would remain in the country until the end of 2011 .
At that time , the agreement calls for the withdrawal of all remaining US forces .
However , it also provides for a “ long - term relationship ” between Washington and Iraq on security issues and , specifically , the use of US forces in the “ training and support ” of the Iraqi military .
This language suggests that tens of thousands of American “ trainers ” and “ advisers , ” not to mention private security contractors , would remain in Iraq indefinitely .
If the SOFA were rejected in the referendum , the US could theoretically be compelled to withdraw its occupation forces a year earlier than planned , and the legality of the residual force ’s presence in the country called into question .
The security situation in the country was called into question once again during Biden ’s visit , with rockets striking in and around the heavily fortified Green Zone , site of the US embassy , even as the US vice president and Maliki met .
Washington ’s concern is that if a referendum is held , Iraqis will vote overwhelmingly to break the agreement signed by Maliki and demand the speedy withdrawal of all US forces .
The immense hatred for the occupation that has built up over the past six - and - a- half years found expression in the fate of two Iraqis , both of whom threw shoes , a gesture of utmost contempt in Iraqi society .
On Wednesday , as Biden was meeting with officials in Baghdad , residents of Fallujah , 40 miles to the west , reacted angrily when US Marines in armored vehicles drove through their streets , in what was seen as a violation of the SOFA agreement that called for an end to such patrols last June .
US officials claim that these operations are legal , so long as the American troops are accompanied by Iraqi security forces .
Ahmed al - Jumaili , a 30 - year - old auto mechanic , was enraged by the US presence in the city , which was largely demolished in a bloody US siege launched in November 2004 .
He responded spontaneously by throwing his slipper at the convoy of Marines .
In response , Marines opened fire on the mechanic , who was shot once in the chest and grazed by two other bullets .
He was taken to a local hospital where he was listed in critical condition .
Jumaili told the Associated Press , “ When I saw Americans patrolling the streets of Fallujah , I lost my temper , I do n’t want to see them in Fallujah .
Troops have withdrawn from cities , so why are they still patrolling here in Fallujah ? ”
The incident came just a day after the release of Muntader al - Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist who became a hero in the Arab world and elsewhere after throwing his shoes at George W. Bush during a press conference held by the American president as part of his farewell visit to Iraq .
Freed after being held for nine months in prison for his protest , Zaidi was given a tumultuous welcome , but quickly left the country saying he was in fear for his life .
Appearing at a press conference missing one of his front teeth , Zaidi said that he had been subjected to brutal torture , including electric shocks , beatings with cables and iron bars , and waterboarding .
Senior Iraqi officials participated in these sessions , he charged .
Family members said that his tormentors also injected him repeatedly with an unknown substance .
Before leaving the country for medical treatment in Greece , Zaidi gave a moving defense of his actions and demonstrated his continued defiance of the US occupation and its Iraqi stooges .
He said that his action was a response to the “ injustice ” and “ humiliation ” that the US occupation had inflicted upon Iraq .
“ During the past few years , ” he said , “ more than a million martyrs fell by the bullets of the occupation and the country is now filled with more than five million orphans , a million widows and hundreds of thousands of maimed .
And many millions of homeless inside and outside the country . ”
“ I am not a hero , ” he continued .
“ But I have a point of view and I have a stance .
It humiliated me to see my country humiliated .
And to see Baghdad burned and my people being killed . ”
Zaidi indicated that his act was inspired by the death and destruction he had witnessed as a reporter .
“ Thousands of tragic pictures remained in my head , and this weighs on me every day , ” he said .
Defending his act of protest , he stated , “ I say to those who reproach me , do you know how many broken homes that shoe that I threw had entered because of the occupation ?
How many times it had trodden over the blood of innocent victims ?
And how many times it had entered homes in which free Iraqi women and their sanctity had been violated ?
Maybe that shoe was the appropriate response when all values were violated . ”
He continued , “ After six years of humiliation , of indignity , of killing and violations of sanctity , and desecration of houses of worship , the killer [ Bush ] comes , boasting , bragging about victory and democracy .
He came to say goodbye to his victims and wanted flowers in response .
“ Put simply , that was my flower to the occupier , and to all who are in league with him , whether by spreading lies or taking action , before the occupation or after . ”
Today is the Labor Day holiday in the USA , so to honor the more vulnerable parts of our society and economy I ’m engaging in this fantasy rethinking of our current economic crisis .
If only … …
When the “ unsinkable ” ship Titanic hit an iceberg and sank on its maiden voyage in 1911 , as any teenage girl will tell you , the rich people got nearly all the lifeboats ( except for John Jacob Astor IV who ordered another drink , giving up his seat ) , dooming the lower - class passengers including , of course , poor Leonardo DiCaprio .
Much the same thing seems to be happening in the case of the current economic crisis , where the people who are hurting the most seem to be getting the least .
I ’m beginning to believe the crisis could have been fixed quicker and cheaper simply by helping the women and children instead of the bankers .
This began as a mortgage crisis .
Lenders dropped their standards on loans , giving them to people who should n’t have qualified ( yes , they applied for those loans so are also culpable ) , driving housing prices up in a bubble that eventually popped and here we are with eight percent of all mortgaged houses in foreclosure and home prices down 30 - 40 percent from two years ago .
The technique our government used to deal with this was to prop - up the bankers , not the borrowers .
Why ?
That ’s a question I have been asking all over and the smart money answer generally comes down to : 1 ) that ’s the way the system is set - up ; 2 ) that ’s the way we ’ve always done it , and ; 3 ) it would be too complex to deal with individuals — better to deal , instead , with a few dozen banks .
Why ?
The system was widely perverted to deal with the current crisis ; it was n’t “ business as usual ” at all .
Companies that were n’t ( and still are n’t ) bank holding companies were declared to be so and got money from the Fed and Treasury as a result .
Same for insurance companies and brokerage firms and car companies that remained as they were but got money still from the Congress or through sleight - of - hand by Fed chairman Bernanke .
Doing things “ the way we ’ve always done it ” is what got us into this mess .
And the miracle of information technology makes it just as easy to send money to people as it is to take it from them in the form of taxes .
Saying that a bank has to be in the middle makes no sense at all .
PayPal would gladly assume that function , if it is truly needed .
I ’m beginning to realize we could have taken a completely different approach to the problem and simply treated the symptom , inserting what computer jocks call a “ wait state ” into the mortgage system so panic could subside , rational adjustments could be made , and life could be eased back to normal .
Remember that economies are cyclical and a lot of good financial planning is simply having enough reserves to survive until things get better .
That could have been our major economic tactic in dealing with the crisis in 2008 .
Instead of pumping $ 700 billion to $ 1.3 trillion ( nobody knows the real number ) into economic stimulus and bail - outs , the U.S. government could have simply paid everyone ’s mortgage — EVERYONE’S — for six months .
There are 51 million mortgages in America and the average mortgage payment in 2006 was $ 1686 , so paying everyone ’s mortgage for six months would have cost $ 516 billion — hundreds of billions less than the Bush / Paulson / Obama / Geithner / Bernanke plan , and quicker , too .
The money that people would otherwise have used to make their mortgage payments could have gone in part for other things , making it effectively a huge economic stimulus in its own right .
With mortgages paid in full there would have been no foreclosures OR bank failures during that six month period .
Yes , there would still have been problems with the banking system that needed correction , but there would have been six months to do the correcting .
Lehman Brothers would still be in business , Bear Stearns , too .
Merrill Lynch would be independent .
AIG would not have failed .
Even Bernie Madoff would probably still be in business — at least for awhile .
So why did n’t we do it that way ?
Because it would have been putting women and children first .
I need a drink .
Defending Canadian Health Care in America
Earlier this year , I did a series of posts on the way the Canadian health care system is being portrayed in American media .
I ’m even happy to note that the President borrowed my term : saying recently that Canadian health care is portrayed as the “ bogeyman ” in American health care debates .
Well , if the President is taking notice , eventually , the Canadian MSM would , and they have .
And now the big question tossed about this past summer has been this one : who is going to defend Canadian health care from all this scare mongering and disinformation ( subquestion : should it be defended ? ) ?
Our Prime Minister is not saying much .
And the Leader of the Opposition has been criticized for missing out on the opportunity to take on American myth making .
They have missed their “ medicare moment ” .
So , then : who speaks for Canada ?
Maybe its the People themselves .
The void of leadership has left Canadians — with a little help from youtube– to defend the system ourselves .
It ’s good to see regular Canadians taking up the fight , but bad to see the leadership void : might this be a moment for the emergence Liberal Lion of Canada ?
I ’m not holding my breath .
Mountain View , CA – Following in the footsteps of Apple and Microsoft , Google announced it will be opening its own line of retail stores in 2010 .
Google CEO Eric Schmidt said , " We own the Internet , now it 's time for us to own the real world . "
The stores ' look will have a familiar feel for people who have used Google.com before .
The bright Google logo will adorn the outside of the store , but inside it 'll all be white space .
The stores will not sell any physical merchandise save a few token Google logo T - shirts .
Revenue will be generated by a single employee , called the " Oracle , " sitting amidst a sea of white ready to " Google it " for you for only $ 1.95 per search .
Google will be targeting consumers who get sent links from letmegooglethatforyou.com more than twice a week .
" Obviously educated geeks are n't going to drop by the store , but maybe their moms and dads will , " said Schmidt .
" Although we may have something geeks desire as well . "
Before you balk at the $ 1.95 price for something you can do on your own for free , Schmidt assured us that each Oracle will be trained to use all advanced features of Google search of which most people are unaware .
Related News Apple Store to Start Charging Entrance Fee Google Pulls Apple from Search Results Jobs Offers Apple Lisa Buyers Store Credit " Oracles will have access to search parameters that normal people only dream of .
For instance , with a simple two character switch all comparison shopping sites will disappear from search results for a product , " said Schmidt .
" This will be the hook for geeks as they devise ways to hack our system to get at these store - only features . "
Despite the moniker " Oracle , " the Google store employee will be unable to tell the future , because Google has yet to make that publicly available even in their own stores .
Asked if he would be poaching employees from Apple Stores as Microsoft is doing for their new stores Schmidt answers , " Oh hell no .
We want smart people . "
Google 's stock was up on the news .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Documentary following two injured soldiers .
Unconscious and watched by their families , they fight for their lives , but surviving their injuries is just the beginning .
Documentary following the journey of two injured soldiers : 19 - year - old Ranger Andy Allen who , in July 2008 , had his right leg blown off and his eyes badly burnt by an improvised explosive device ; and 24 - year - old Lance Corporal Tom Neathway , who lost three limbs after moving a booby - trapped sandbag .
Unconscious and watched by their families , they fight for their lives , but surviving their injuries is just the beginning .
All week politicians , media and the military have strained every nerve to turn public sympathy over the deaths of British squaddies into support for the US - led occupation of Afghanistan .
After a year of parades , a new Armed Forces Day and a stream of censored reports of derring - do from the frontline , the killing of 15 soldiers in 10 days has triggered a barrage of war propaganda .
Having all but ignored the same number who died in Helmand province last month , every tabloid and Whitehall stop has been pulled out to capitalise on the emotions unleashed by the continuing sacrifice of British teenagers in an endless war .
From the Ministry of Defence - orchestrated processions of coffins through the Wiltshire village of Wootton Bassett to the black ties worn by Sky TV presenters as they address generals as " sir " , the message is clear : this war is a " patriotic duty " , in the prime minister 's words .
The only argument in parliament yesterday was whether the government had provided enough helicopters and boots on the ground to do the job .
Meanwhile , the BBC seems to have largely abandoned any attempt at neutral reporting , as its newsreaders warn " Britain 's resolve is being put to the test " and presenters speculate anxiously about what might happen if public " support " for the war " were to weaken " .
We can't pull out now , the war 's cheerleaders warn , or our boys will have died in vain .
But the campaign is n't working .
As in other Nato states , most people in Britain have n't supported the Afghan war for several years .
A Guardian / BBC
Newsnight poll this week found that 56 % want troops to pull out by the end of the year ; an ITN poll showed 59 % backing withdrawal .
Significantly , both surveys found opposition to the war highest in the working class communities from which most of those doing the fighting are drawn .
Heightened awareness of British casualties may rally support for an army anxious to overcome its humiliation in Iraq .
But after eight years of fighting , during which a kaleidoscope of justifications has been offered for the continuing Nato occupation , public scepticism has clearly bitten deep .
This was a war , after all , launched by George Bush and Tony Blair with the stated aim of killing or capturing Osama Bin Laden and the Taliban leader Mullah Omar – and destroying al - Qaida .
Eight years later , not one of those objectives has been accomplished .
Bin Laden and Omar are still at large , while al - Qaida has spread into Pakistan , Iraq and dozens of other countries around the world .
Nor have any of the other fast - changing war aims – from bringing democracy , development and good governance , to ending the oppression of women and cracking down on opium production – fared much better .
British and other Nato troops are now defending one of the world 's most corrupt governments , a cabal of narco - trafficking warlords rubber - stamped by a fraudulent election in which political parties were n't even allowed to stand ; Afghanistan has become the heroin capital of the world ; and the position of many women , as women 's leaders such as the suspended Afghan MP Malalai Joya argue , is now worse than it was under Taliban rule .
Most absurd of all is the government 's claim that the Afghan war is preventing terrorism on the streets of Britain .
The exact opposite is the case .
There were no al - Qaida - style terror attacks in the UK before 2001 .
And Britain 's role in the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan and Iraq , along with its support for Israel 's occupation of Palestinian land – cited both by the bombers themselves and a string of intelligence reports – has been a central factor in motivating would - be jihadists , who have in any case been mostly home - grown and can train in Leeds as well as Lashkar Gah if they want to carry out atrocities .
On the ground in Helmand , the British occupation has been a disaster .
In 2006 , there were around 150 US troops in the whole province and violence was minimal .
Now there are 9,000 British and 10,000 American troops , who have proved a magnet for the Taliban and local resistance .
Helmand is now the most violent part of the country and one in 10 schools and clinics have been closed because , as Oxfam 's Ashley Jackson in Kabul puts it : " Anything with a link to the government is a target . "
The thousands of civilians killed in the fighting , doubling every two years , far outnumber Nato casualties , but barely register in the western media .
Set against the 140 villagers , mostly children , slaughtered in one US aerial attack in Farah province in May , last Friday 's eight British dead pale by comparison .
No wonder that polling of Afghans – even under military occupation , which would be expected to skew the results towards the occupier – show that a majority oppose Barack Obama 's current surge , want negotiations with the Taliban , and all foreign troops out within two years .
In the south and east , most want them out now .
The US escalation , already engulfing north - west Pakistan , cannot conceivably pacify the country with what will still be less than 100,000 Nato troops .
As Graham Fuller , the CIA 's former station chief in Kabul , argues , the presence of US and Nato troops in Afghanistan is " now more the problem than the solution " – just as the reason British soldiers are dying in Afghanistan is n't because they have n't got enough helicopters , but because they 're an occupying force in another Muslim country where they 're not wanted .
The pressing alternative is presented by the war 's supporters as " abandoning " Afghanistan to a " bloodbath " .
That is to stand reality on its head .
The only way to end the war is the withdrawal of foreign troops as part of a wider political settlement negotiated with all significant Afghan forces on the ground , including the Taliban – and guaranteed by regional powers and neighbouring states : Pakistan , Iran , China and India .
Such a process is bound to take place eventually – whether or not the British government has the guts to follow the example of Canada and The Netherlands and announce plans to pull out earlier .
But the assumption must be that a strategic US decision to accept the inevitable , turn its back on the wreckage of the war on terror and withdraw from Afghanistan is going to be a slow and painful process .
In the meantime , many more people – mostly Afghans – will shamefully die in vain .
As much as you like to dis on some of your Facebook friends , you still find yourself looking at their ...
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty .
On Thursday , he said he may invoke the 10th Amendment to the Constitution to keep Minnesota from fully participating in proposed health care reform .
MPR Photo / Tim Pugmire
If a federal health care reform plan passes , should it not apply to Minnesota ?
Gov. Tim Pawlenty has raised that possibility , suggesting that Minnesota might raise the issue of state 's rights to prevent some of the proposed changes from going through .
During a conference call hosted by the Republican Governor 's Association Thursday night , a caller asked whether states could invoke the 10th Amendment to the Constitution to stop President Obama 's health care reform plan .
Pawlenty , who is considered a potential challenger to Obama in 2012 , said it 's a possibility .
" Depending on what the federal government comes out with here , asserting the 10th Amendment may be a viable option , but we do n't know the details , " said Pawlenty .
" We can't get the president to outline what he does or does n't support in any detail .
So we 'll have to see .
I would have to say that it 's a possibility . "
Pawlenty also said he hopes Republican governors will be more assertive about state 's rights , and even bring up lawsuits to challenge the federal government .
But on Friday , Pawlenty backtracked from those statements .
He said he is n't exploring a lawsuit , and he does n't want Minnesota to secede from the Union .
Instead , he said the idea of state 's rights should be discussed .
" [ The 10th Amendment ] is a politically powerful phrase with a certain class of voters . "
" I 'm not saying that we 're going to do anything unusual or abnormal .
I 'm just saying we 're going to remind the federal government that there 's a proper role for them and for the states , " said Pawlenty .
" We 're trying to keep that in focus . "
Pawlenty later said that President Obama 's health care plan could violate the 10th Amendment because a public health care plan would intrude on the private marketplace .
He said it 's " another step of the federal government taking over more things . "
The 10th Amendment restates the Constitution 's principle of federalism , saying that powers not granted to the national government , nor prohibited to the states , are reserved to the states or the people .
It was written to reassure the states that they would remain largely in charge within their own borders .
From time to time , states and local governments have tried to us the 10th amendment as the basis to be exempted from various federal regulations , especially in the areas of labor and environmental controls .
In the modern era , the Supreme Court has only once declared a law unconstitutional for violating the 10th Amendment .
Pawlenty is n't the first Republican governor to invoke the 10th Amendment .
Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , another possible candidate for president , both raised similar issues earlier this year .
William Mitchell College of Law professor Mehmet Konar - Steenberg said politicians , especially those seeking the GOP nomination for president , invoke the 10th Amendment to appeal to a specific group of conservative voters .
" There 's a certain voter who hears ' 10th Amendment , ' and that immediately resonates with them for the reason that it equates with states rights , and it equates with a smaller federal government , " said Konar - Steenberg .
" It is a politically powerful phrase with a certain class of voters . "
Konar - Steenberg questioned Pawlenty 's assessment that the public option in the health care bill would be open to legal challenge .
He said it 's unlikely the president and Congress would craft legislation that could be defeated in the courts .
Democrats were quick to condemn Pawlenty .
DFL Senate Majority Leader Larry Pogemiller said the governor 's threat to withdraw from the health care bill without knowing all of the details is " extreme . "
He also said lawmakers are unlikely to support his efforts .
" I just think it 's a little bit of silly season there for the governor to -- I mean , he 's governor of the state of Minnesota .
He does n't have the power to make all decisions about all things .
I think he should calm down a little bit and focus on the job he has , " said Pogemiller .
Other lawmakers suggested that Pawlenty , who has been a frequent critic of Obama 's health care plan , is just trying to stand in the way of health care reform .
Rep. Paul Thissen , DFL - Minneapolis , and House Speaker Margaret Anderson Kelliher noted that Pawlenty backed provisions very similar to those proposed by Obama just two years ago .
Both are planning to run for governor next year .
Legislation giving U.S. government investigators broader authority to audit the Federal Reserve could erode confidence in the central bank ’s independence and ability to conduct monetary policy , a top Fed official will tell lawmakers Friday .
Fed General Counsel Scott Alvarez , in testimony prepared for a Friday hearing , said legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives giving the Government Accountability Office greater leeway to examine the central bank could have a detrimental effect .
“ These concerns likely would increase inflation fears and market interest rates and , ultimately , damage economic stability and job creation , ” Alvarez said in the prepared remarks for the House Financial Services Committee hearing .
In addition to potentially undermining public and investor confidence in the Fed ’s setting of monetary policy , Alvarez said the legislation could hurt the U.S. government ’s relationships with other countries .
“ Foreign central banks and governments likely would be less willing to engage in financial transactions with the Federal Reserve if these transactions were subject to policy review by the GAO , ” he said .
The comments are in response to the growing support in the House of Representatives for legislation authored by Rep. Ron Paul ( R. , Texas ) , granting the GAO greater audit authority over the central bank .
The legislation currently has 294 cosponors in the House from both sides of the aisle , as lawmakers are increasingly wary of the Fed ’s actions during the financial crisis .
The Israeli government has officially said that it “ deplores ” the vote by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) member states to call on Israel to join the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) and submit their nuclear facilities to the same oversight as the rest of the world does .
The vote narrowly passed , 49 - 45 , and was generally opposed by Western nations while being supported by UN Security Council permanent members Russia and China , as well as most of the nations in the Middle East .
The United States ambassador Glyn Davies publicly rejected the resolution , calling it “ redundant ” and claiming that calling on Israel to join the NPT as every other nation in the Middle East has unfairly singled them out .
Canada went one step further , trying to block the vote entirely and condemning it as “ unbalanced . ”
Votes on similar resolutions had been successfully blocked in 2007 and 2008 , but this year ’s attempt at blocking it failed .
The issue of Israel as a nuclear power and a non-signatory of the NPT has been controversial , and when a US State Department official said in May that the US wanted everyone to join the NPT Israel reacted with shock and outrage .
Followup to : Anthropic Reasoning in UDT by Wei Dai
Suppose that I flip a logical coin - e.g. look at some binary digit of pi unknown to either of us - and depending on the result , either create a billion of you in green rooms and one of you in a red room if the coin came up 1 ; or , if the coin came up 0 , create one of you in a green room and a billion of you in red rooms .
You go to sleep at the start of the experiment , and wake up in a red room .
Do you reason that the coin very probably came up 0 ?
Thinking , perhaps : " If the coin came up 1 , there 'd be a billion of me in green rooms and only one of me in a red room , and in that case , it'd be very surprising that I found myself in a red room . "
What is your degree of subjective credence - your posterior probability - that the logical coin came up 1 ?
There are only two answers I can see that might in principle be coherent , and they are " 50 % " and " a billion to one against " .
Tomorrow I 'll talk about what sort of trouble you run into if you reply " a billion to one " .
But for today , suppose you reply " 50 % " .
Thinking , perhaps : " I do n't understand this whole consciousness rigamarole , I would n't try to program a computer to update on it , and I 'm not going to update on it myself . "
In that case , why do n't you believe you 're a Boltzmann brain ?
Back when the laws of thermodynamics were being worked out , there was first asked the question : " Why did the universe seem to start from a condition of low entropy ? "
Boltzmann suggested that the larger universe was in a state of high entropy , but that , given a long enough time , regions of low entropy would spontaneously occur - wait long enough , and the egg will unscramble itself - and that our own universe was such a region .
The problem with this explanation is now known as the " Boltzmann brain " problem ; namely , while Hubble - region - sized low - entropy fluctuations will occasionally occur , it would be far more likely - though still not likely in any absolute sense - for a handful of particles to come together in a configuration performing a computation that lasted just long enough to think a single conscious thought ( whatever that means ) before dissolving back into chaos .
A random reverse - entropy fluctuation is exponentially vastly more likely to take place in a small region than a large one .
So on Boltzmann 's attempt to explain the low - entropy initial condition of the universe as a random statistical fluctuation , it 's far more likely that we are a little blob of chaos temporarily hallucinating the rest of the universe , than that a multi-billion - light - year region spontaneously ordered itself .
And most such little blobs of chaos will dissolve in the next moment .
" Well , " you say , " that may be an unpleasant prediction , but that 's no license to reject it . "
But wait , it gets worse :
The vast majority of Boltzmann brains have experiences much less ordered than what you 're seeing right now .
Even if a blob of chaos coughs up a visual cortex ( or equivalent ) , that visual cortex is unlikely to see a highly ordered visual field - the vast majority of possible visual fields more closely resemble " static on a television screen " than " words on a computer screen " .
So on the Boltzmann hypothesis , highly ordered experiences like the ones we are having now , constitute an exponentially infinitesimal fraction of all experiences .
In contrast , suppose one more simple law of physics not presently understood , which forces the initial condition of the universe to be low - entropy .
Then the exponentially vast majority of brains occur as the result of ordered processes in ordered regions , and it's not at all surprising that we find ourselves having ordered experiences .
But wait !
This is just the same sort of logic ( is it ? ) that one would use to say , " Well , if the logical coin came up heads , then it 's very surprising to find myself in a red room , since the vast majority of people - like - me are in green rooms ; but if the logical coin came up tails , then most of me are in red rooms , and it 's not surprising that I 'm in a red room . "
If you reject that reasoning , saying , " There 's only one me , and that person seeing a red room does exist , even if the logical coin came up heads " then you should have no trouble saying , " There 's only one me , having a highly ordered experience , and that person exists even if all experiences are generated at random by a Boltzmann - brain process or something similar to it . "
And furthermore , the Boltzmann - brain process is a much simpler process - it could occur with only the barest sort of causal structure , no need to postulate the full complexity of our own hallucinated universe .
So if you 're not updating on the apparent conditional rarity of having a highly ordered experience of gravity , then you should just believe the very simple hypothesis of a high - volume random experience generator , which would necessarily create your current experiences - albeit with extreme relative infrequency , but you do n't care about that .
Now , does n't the Boltzmann - brain hypothesis also predict that reality will dissolve into chaos in the next moment ?
Well , it predicts that the vast majority of blobs who experience this moment , cease to exist after ; and that among the few who do n't dissolve , the vast majority of those experience chaotic successors .
But there would be an infinitesimal fraction of a fraction of successors , who experience ordered successor - states as well .
And you 're not alarmed by the rarity of those successors , just as you 're not alarmed by the rarity of waking up in a red room if the logical coin came up 1 - right ?
So even though your friend is standing right next to you , saying , " I predict the sky will not turn into green pumpkins and explode - oh , look , I was successful again ! " , you are not disturbed by their unbroken string of successes .
You just keep on saying , " Well , it was necessarily true that someone would have an ordered successor experience , on the Boltzmann - brain hypothesis , and that just happens to be us , but in the next instant I will sprout wings and fly away . "
Now this is not quite a logical contradiction .
But the total rejection of all science , induction , and inference in favor of an unrelinquishable faith that the next moment will dissolve into pure chaos , is sufficiently unpalatable that even I decline to bite that bullet .
And so I still can't seem to dispense with anthropic reasoning - I can't seem to dispense with trying to think about how many of me or how much of me there are , which in turn requires that I think about what sort of process constitutes a me .
Even though I confess myself to be sorely confused , about what could possibly make a certain computation " real " or " not real " , or how some universes and experiences could be quantitatively realer than others ( possess more reality - fluid , as ' twere ) , and I still do n't know what exactly makes a causal process count as something I might have been for purposes of being surprised to find myself as me , or for that matter , what exactly is a causal process .
Indeed this is all greatly and terribly confusing unto me , and I would be less confused if I could go through life while only answering questions like " Given the Peano axioms , what is SS0 + SS0 ? "
But then I have no defense against the one who says to me , " Why do n't you think you 're a Boltzmann brain ?
Why do n't you think you 're the result of an all - possible - experiences generator ?
Why do n't you think that gravity is a matter of branching worlds in which all objects accelerate in all directions and in some worlds all the observed objects happen to be accelerating downward ?
It explains all your observations , in the sense of logically necessitating them . "
I want to reply , " But then most people do n't have experiences this ordered , so finding myself with an ordered experience is , on your hypothesis , very surprising .
Even if there are some versions of me that exist in regions or universes where they arose by chaotic chance , I anticipate , for purposes of predicting my future experiences , that most of my existence is encoded in regions and universes where I am the product of ordered processes . "
And I currently know of no way to reply thusly , that does not make use of poorly defined concepts like " number of real processes " or " amount of real processes " ; and " people " , and " me " , and " anticipate " and " future experience " .
Of course confusion exists in the mind , not in reality , and it would not be the least bit surprising if a resolution of this problem were to dispense with such notions as " real " and " people " and " my future " .
But I do not presently have that resolution .
( Tomorrow I will argue that anthropic updates must be illegal and that the correct answer to the original problem must be " 50 % " . )
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
A group of Buddhist monks recently emerged from four years in isolation in a retreat in Scotland , having spent their nights sleeping in an upright position .
Why ?
Most of us sleep horizontally
The monks at the Samye Dechen Shing Buddhist retreat in Dumfriesshire are supposed to sleep upright in a " meditation box " .
For less than five hours .
We 've all fallen asleep in armchairs , but it seems a different proposition to sit bolt upright every night for four years .
According to Buddhist monks , it is possible to sleep that way , but it 's not for the uninitiated .
" If somebody is diligent they make a lot of effort to sit upright , " says Ani Lhamo , secretary to the abbot at the Samye Ling monastery , which owns and runs the retreat .
" The aim is definitely to sit upright and reduce the need for sleep .
If the person is strongly motivated and healthy and strong there is no reason why not . "
THE ANSWER
It is possible to sleep upright But in deep , dreamy REM sleep muscle tone is lost
The monks may get around this by the way they sit
Or it may be that they constrain their REM sleep
For those spending the four years on retreat the aim is to spend as much time meditating as possible .
" If possible , if somebody is well - attuned to that kind of thing , they can develop the amount of time eventually to be able to use the sleeping time [ for meditation ] .
Also if you are more upright when you sleep , when you wake up you have n't slept so deeply , and it is easy to wake up quickly and get going . "
Bedtime at the retreat is 11 pm and the gong goes at 3.45 am when the monks are supposed to start praying and meditating .
Of course , we do n't need to be supine to be asleep .
" We can sleep in a chair .
We can sleep standing up but we are not as good at it as other creatures , for example birds , " says Derk - Jan Dijk , professor of sleep and physiology at Surrey University .
These people have been sleeping upright for four years and are happy Soldiers on sentry duty are among those who have been known to take 40 winks standing up , but if we enter the deeper , dreamy phase of sleep it starts to become difficult to remain upright .
" In Rapid Eye Movement sleep we lose the tone in our muscles which makes it difficult to stand up or even sit up , " says Prof Dijk .
Dr Neil Stanley , sleep expert at the Norfolk and Norwich hospital , says sleeping upright may be easier for those who have a different concept of comfort .
" It is possible .
In order to sleep you need to be safe and comfortable .
We all know we can nod off in front of the TV .
When you go into dreaming sleep you lose all muscle tone .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines " But I imagine [ the monks ] are sitting in a posturally correct way and are not going to slip and slither off their chair and that they could have a perfectly good night 's sleep . "
It 's not easy to verify the sleep patterns of the monks .
They are in individual rooms at the retreat , and although the gong goes at 3.45 am nobody comes around to check they are awake .
Prof Dijk says there have been studies where professed short sleepers , when observed over 24 hours , turned out to be getting more sleep than they had stated .
But at the Buddhist retreat it may all just be a question of dedication .
" In the beginning I had a lot of sore knees , " says Ani Lhamo .
" It suited me better than lying in a bed in the end . "
But for anybody thinking of starting to sleep upright , and only for a brief period , there are dangers in short duration sleep .
Meditation is the main activity " There is a large body of epidemiological literature suggesting that there are associations between short sleep duration and a number of negative health outcomes including cardiovascular disease , " says Prof Dijk .
These negative effects are noticed in those who regularly sleep for less than six hours , but also those who regularly sleep more than 10 hours .
The effects of reducing only REM sleep are not known .
" If you are artificially constraining sleep that can cause problems - heart disease and depression , " says Dr Stanley .
" That may be taken care of by the fact that these people are meditative - they do n't have the stresses of 21st Century living to contend with in their lifestyle .
" I would n't have thought that poor sleep is going to be a huge , huge problem for them .
But it is n't recommended for the man in the street . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 - update 60
Laboratory - confirmed cases of pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 as officially reported to WHO by States Parties to the IHR ( 2005 ) as 31 July 2009
31 July 2009
As of 31 of July 2009 , 168 countries and overseas territories / communities have reported at least one laboratory confirmed case of pandemic ( H1N1 ) 09 .
All continents are affected by the pandemic .
The countries and overseas territories / communities that have newly reported their first pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 confirmed case (s ) since the last web update ( 27 July 2009 ) as of 31 July 2009 are :
Azerbaijan , Gabon , Grenada , Kazakhstan , Moldova , Monaco , Nauru , Swaziland , Suriname
* Given that countries are no longer required to test and report individual cases , the number of cases reported actually understates the real number of cases .
Qualitative indicators ( as of Week 29 : 13 July - 19 July 2009 )
Human infection with pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 virus : updated interim WHO guidance on global surveillance
A detailed description of the qualitative indicators can be found in the updated interim WHO guidance on global surveillance ( Annex 4 )
1. Geographic spread of influenza activity
png , 163kb
Most countries in North and South America experienced widespread activity .
In Europe , one country , the United Kingdom , experienced widespread activity , while several others experienced localized or regional activity .
Among countries reporting from Asia , most experienced localized activity .
2 . Trend of respiratory diseases activity compared to the previous week
png , 155kb
All North American countries reported decreasing respiratory diseases activity trend , while several South and Central American countries reported increasing respiratory diseases activity trend .
Among countries reporting in Europe , most countries reported an increasing or unchanged respiratory diseases activity trend during a period outside of the normal influenza season .
Among countries reporting from Asia , most experienced an increase in respiratory diseases activity trend .
3 . Intensity of acute respiratory diseases in the population
png , 156kb
Among countries who reported on intensity , Chile and Argentina experienced very high intensity acute respiratory disease activity , while Canada , Mexico , the United Kingdom , Thailand , Uruguay , and Paraguay reported high intensity activity ; the United States and much of the rest of Europe and Asia reported low or moderate intensity activity .
4. Impact on health care services
png , 151kb
Few countries have reported on this indicator .
Five countries are reporting moderate impact on the healthcare system , while the remaining are reporting low levels of impact .
Update on the virus situation ( as of Week 30 : 20 July - 26 July 2009 )
Pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 virus
According to FluNet reporting from the Global Influenza Surveillance Network ( GISN ) , 3548 detections of the pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 influenza virus were reported from 13 countries in week 30 .
The majority of detections were reported by China , Hong Kong SAR ( 25 % , 1788 detections ) , followed by Australia ( 21 % , 834 detections ) and Italy ( 16 % , 600 detections ) .
Among the 13 countries , on average , the pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 influenza virus accounted for 71 % of all influenza virus detections ( 66 % in northern hemisphere and 89 % in southern hemisphere ) .
The highest rate of detection of pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 influenza virus was reported by Greece ( 99 % ; 147 out of 149 detections ) , Chile ( 98 % ; 160 out of 163 ) , the Republic of Korea ( 98 % ; 258 out of 263 ) , Italy ( 97 % ; 584 out of 600 ) , and Australia ( 89 % ; 745 out of 834 ) .
All pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 influenza viruses analyzed to date are antigenically and genetically similar .
Antiviral resistance pandemic ( H1N1 ) virus
A total of six oseltamivir resistant pandemic ( H1N1 ) 2009 influenza viruses have now been detected from Denmark , Hong Kong SAR , Japan and Canada .
Of these three were from patients in Japan .
All six patients had received oseltamivir with the exception of one and have recovered well .
All resistant viruses had the characteristic mutation at position 274/275 associated with resistance .
South Korea president donates most of his fortune
Lee Myung - bak , the heavily criticized president of South Korea , has gone to fulfilling one of the most outrageous campaign promises ever made : that he would donate all his personal wealth to charity .
And that ’s exactly what he did on Monday , by donating approximately $ 26.2 million worth of commercial property from his own coffers for a new foundation for needy students .
Granted , that was n’t exactly his whole wealth , but at 80 % , no one would probably complain about that .
And complaining may be just what Lee Myung - bak had been enduring for quite some time .
The South Korean president has been known for being the target of daily jeers and insults , both from opposition , critics and even the South Korean masses .
A study shows that he has already been disrespected in various ways an approximate 1,700 number of times this year alone so far , and his approval ratings average at around 20 % .
“ Today is a wonderful and joyous day , ” Myung - bak said in a statement .
“ Looking back , I realize everyone who has helped me become who I am now were people who were poor .
I believed one way to return the favors they afforded me was to use my wealth for a good cause . ”
“ Since the party has been in opposition , it has come under increasing pressure from some more radical elements , and there is a lot of turmoil about whether it should adopt a moderate stance or return to its hard - line roots . ”
How to create and backtest thousands of trading rules in less than 10 minutes Updated on 2009-08 - 11
We all know how difficult it is to find profitable trading rules that give you an edge in the markets .
And because it takes a lot of time in research to find such trading rules , we will present you with a method for creating as many trading rules as you want ; the backtest requires just one mouse click .
The complete process of finding rules worth integrating into your trading systems can take from hours to decades depending on the time and effort you are willing to spend on the research .
Whether you want to create trading strategies for stocks , ETFs , future , options or currencies ( forex ) , there is a way to produce thousands of trading rules and to completely automate the backtesting process in a matter of minutes ; the rest of the article describes how to achieve this .
The first step toward this goal is to create a list of time - series .
By time - series I mean security prices ( close , open , volume ... ) , indicators ( rsi , macd , adx , obv , cci ... ) , external indexes ( sp500 , nasdaq , us dollar index ... ) , custom composites ( stocks making new highs ... ) , fundamental ratios ( peg , per , sales , insider data ... ) , neural network models , ranking systems
Once you define and build a list of time - series which as you will see later takes only few minutes , you will have to create what we call masks .
Masks are formulas that contain a variable whose name is ' mask ' , this variable will be substituted by the time - series formula .
Using masks , you can instantly transform a dozen of time - series to hundred of trading rules .
And if you include some parameters optimization in your masks , these hundreds of trading rules will generate thousands .
All in all , it should take you less than 10 minutes to perform all these steps and once you start backtesting rules , you should wait maybe some few hours in order for the analyzer to complete .
When done , you will be presented with a grid that details all the trading rules performances and statistics for the outputs you selected .
You can also create as many outputs as you want , for example : your first output could be the return of a strategy that holds a security for 30 bars and the second one could be the return of a strategy that uses a 10 % trailing stop .
Now let us details how to use QuantShare in order to achieve the different steps described above :
Create time - series : Select ' analysis ' from the menu then ' rules manager ' .
Create a new list of rules , select it , and then click on ' mass rules ' .
Click on the ' add from time - series builder ' button .
Select ' include indicators ' then click on ' next ' .
Now check some indicators then click on ' finish ' .
Create masks : Back to the previous ' mass rules ' form , create some masks in the right panel rules editor box .
Example of masks : ( Once you write a mask formula , click on ' create ' to add it )
mask > a , where ' a ' varies from 10 to 90 with 10 as step .
mask < a , where ' a ' varies from 10 to 90 with 10 as step .
mask > ref( mask , 1 )
mask > sma( mask , a ) , where 'a 'varies from 20 to 100 with 10 as step .
rsi( mask ) > a ...
mask > 0.9 * hhv ( mask , a ) ...
Create as many masks as you want then click on ' create rules ' .
Analyze trading rules :
Select the list of rules you created at the beginning .
Click on ' analyze the list ' , update the analyzer settings and start the backtesting process .
Now take a break and come back in few hours to analyze the results .
The next step will be to select the most performing rules for the output you selected and create a genetic algorithm or PBIL model to get the best performing combination of these trading rules .
Search engines are powerful when it comes to making , or breaking a business .
When you have great SEO throughout your business website , you can have thousands of new clients right at your fingertips .
This can be a big game changer for a company that may have been struggling with a poorly written website .
At this point you may be asking what SEO is and why you need to make sure your website uses it properly .
SEO is essentially just a name that has been given to describe the actions taken on a site to increase rankings with search engines .
Every page of your site has the potential to be ranked through Google based on the quality of the pages as well as the links used within your pages .
You need to link your pages to content that receives high traffic and is of good quality .
You definitely would never want to link to content that is poorly written or is low quality .
This will not help your site move up in rank at all and will keep you pushed down where consumers will not see your business listed anywhere near the top of the list .
Post - Standard : Dr. Juan Sotomayor and his family were in the East Room of the White House Wednesday , where President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , hosted a reception to celebrate the confirmation of his sister , Sonia Sotomayor , who became the third woman and the first Hispanic to serve on the Supreme Court .
About 40 of Sotomayor 's " family members attended , including his mother , aunts , uncles and cousins as well as Juan Sotomayor 's wife Tracey , daughter , Kiley , 21 , and twin sons Corey and Connor , 15 .
Among the clan was Antonio and Gloria Rodriguez , the elders of the family .
» Read the complete story , " Sotomayor and family celebrate at White House
» Previous Sonia Sotomayor coverage
» CNY politics and elections news on syracuse.com
Busty Big Ass Aria Giovanni Stripping at DDFBusty.com
Busty Latina Aria Giovanni is sex symbol of the beginning of the internet ..
She deserves her place in the pornstars ’ hall of fame although she has n’t done any hardcore on the camera…yet
Aria Giovanni ’s photos are from DDFBusty.com
Gorgeous , Beautiful , big round ass , great smile and hot natural boobs …
She is fantastic an cute in the same time …
Download Complete Scene and All The Photos ..
She has a mixed genetic code from Euro and American Babe , with a spice from native Americans …
Maybe that ’s why she is so hot in any occasion ..
Her glare is present on every photo of her …
Aria Is the BOMB !
Download
More of her photos at DDFbusty.com
Full Video of her spreading , fingering herself and masturbating at the warmth of her home is available HERE !
Join Aria Giovanni in her bed …
Massage her big soft tits and give her the best tit fucking pleasure …
Then lick her pussy , I know you want that ….
DOWNLOAD Complete Scene NOW !
_
Mathematicians Stunned when Computer Reaches Final Digit of Pi
A team of Japanese researchers at a leading national university has upended the entire scientific world by unexpectedly calculating the value of pi to 1.3511 trillion places , which is apparently the final digit in this number previously thought to be infinite .
" We do n't understand , " said visibly panicked project team member Makoto Kudo .
" We were just trying to set a new world record for most digits calculated .
We had no idea it would run out .
Honestly ! "
Researchers at Tokyo University , led by Professor Yasumasa Kanada , calculated the value for pi with a Hitachi supercomputer for over 500 hours in April .
They were seeking to break their own world record .
The Hitachi supercomputer is capable of 2 trillion calculations per second .
" We just wanted to get to 1.5 trillion places , " said Kudo .
" We intended no harm . "
Pi is a number expressing the ratio of the circumference of a perfect circle to its diameter .
As there are no perfect circles or spheres in nature ( since matter is composed of atoms and is therefore not smooth ) the continued extension of pi has long been seen as a harmless exercise of computer power .
However , its symbolic value to the scientific world is profound .
" Probably no symbol in mathematics has evoked as much mystery , romanticism , misconception , and human interest as the number pi , " said David Blatner , author of The Joy of Pi .
" It is the ultimate limitless vista serving as inspiration to mathematicians the world over .
With our world so rudely circumscribed , how are we to continue ?
What point is there in going on if even pi has a limit ? "
Kanada 's team has volunteered to continue building on pi by generating random numbers , but the mathematical community seems to feel it would n't be the same .
Some refuse to accept the findings , although Kanada 's team has run the calculation three times .
" We thoroughly condemn the slanderous allegation that pi has a limit , " said Rolf Umbridge of the Ancient and Honorable Society of Pi Watchers .
" We are so incensed by the very notion that we hereby officially censure the University of Tokyo .
Dr. Kanada , you are dead to me , sir ! "
Most , however , do not blame Kanada or his team , acknowledging that someone would have discovered that pi is finite sooner or later .
" Pi showed me the power of numbers , " said UCLA graduate student in mathematics Alan Prentiss wistfully .
" It was that episode of Star Trek where Captain Kirk exorcizes the evil energy entity from the ship 's computer by commanding the computer to calculate the value of pi , which used up all the computer 's memory .
I was just a kid , but I thought - wow , math can be used to fight evil .
But now I realize that was just a fantasy , a sham : the computer would have finished the job , and the Enterprise would have been lost .
It 's profoundly disillusioning . "
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license .
It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source .
The stenographers of the Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) are missing the most obvious explanation for former Vice President Dick Cheney 's widely reported " disappointment " with former President George W. Bush on the issue of pardons - self - interest .
Barton Gellman of the Washington Post has now joined feature writers from Time in aping Cheney 's hagiographer in chief , Stephen Hayes of The Weekly Standard .
They all choose to dote on Cheney 's loyalty to his former chief of staff , Irv Lewis " Scooter " Libby , while ignoring reasons why Cheney might have hoped for a presidential pardon himself .
Gellman is a talented journalist with a tainted record .
He wrote a truly shameless article for the Post when it was competing with The New York Times for cheerleading laurels prior to the war on Iraq .
First Leak It ; Then Confirm It
Remember those dangerous sounding " aluminum tubes " said to be procured by Iraq to develop a nuclear bomb - the ones that turned out to be for conventional artillery ?
The Bush administration tasked the Times ' Judith Miller and Michael Gordon to push the canard that the tubes ' technical properties showed the intended use to be as casings for rotors in centrifuges to enrich uranium , a key step in producing a nuclear bomb .
The pair rose to the occasion with flair .
The Times front - paged their story on Sunday , Sept. 8 , 2002 ; and on the morning talk shows Dick Cheney , Colin Powell , Donald Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice all referred to the Times story .
The ploy worked like a charm .
None of the talk show hosts dared ask an impolite question - like who gave the information to the Times .
The Post 's Gellman was suborned into doing a similar story on chemical weapons in the fall of 2002 , when the White House was fuming at recalcitrant analysts in both the Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA .
The not - yet - corrupted intelligence analysts still there could simply not get the hang of it .
They were having a hard time , sans evidence , in producing faith - based intelligence on " weapons of mass destruction " in Iraq .
DIA had issued a formal report saying there was no evidence of active chemical or biological weapons programs .
And CIA analysts could find no credible evidence of meaningful ties between Iraq and al Qaeda , despite the extreme pressure to find some .
( The CIA ombudsman told the Senate Intelligence Committee there occurred a " hammering " of analysts more severe than any he had seen in his 32 - year career in the analysis directorate . )
Gellman to the Rescue
On Dec. 12 , 2002 , the Post front - paged a Gellman report that " Islamic extremists affiliated with al Qaeda took possession of a chemical weapon in Iraq last month or in late October . "
The story was attributed to " two officials with firsthand knowledge of the report and its source . "
Lest any readers miss the import , Gellman stressed that , if true , this " would be the most concrete evidence to support the charge , aired for months by President Bush and his advisers , that al Qaeda terrorists receive material assistance in Iraq . "
The next 27 paragraphs of Gellman 's story were so laden with caveats and the subjunctive mood that they brought to mind Alice 's plaintive cry in Wonderland :
" There is no use trying , said Alice ; one can't believe impossible things .
I dare say you have n't had much practice , said the Queen .
When I was your age , I always did it for half an hour a day .
Why , sometimes I 've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast . "
The Dec. 12 , 2002
Post article drew loud complaints , including from the paper 's ombudsman , Michael Getler , who asked : " What , after all , is the use of this story that practically begs you not to put much credence in it ?
Why was it so prominently displayed , and why not wait until there was more certainty about the intelligence ? "
Come on , Getler ; you know why .
Bush and Cheney were scraping for evidence to " justify " attacking Iraq .
Gellman and your paper were happy to oblige .
Having proved his mettle , Gellman was able to acquire the kind of access to Cheney and his palace guard that would enable him to write a useful book , Angler : The Cheney Vice Presidency , with some stunning revelations .
Cheney Lied to House Majority Leader
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A good , fresh ricotta recipe should be part of every cook 's repertoire .
That being said , somehow , four or five years have passed since I last made fresh ricotta in my own kitchen .
I used to make it often in my old apartment in the Western Addition neighborhood of San Francisco .
The gem of that particular apartment was a beautiful , white , four - burner , vintage Wedgewood stove placed centrally upon a floor made of black - and - white checked linoleum .
No one with good conscience could have lived in that apartment and not put that stove to good use .
Unfortunately the love affair was short - lived , she was afflicted with slow - gas leak , PG+E condemned her , and she would have to be replaced - unfortunately with something new and shiny , and without nearly as much character .
Ricotta is traditionally made from the whey left over from cheesemaking - from the whey of buffalo mozzarella , sheep 's milk pecorino , etc .
For those of us without access to cheesemaking by products , delicious fresh ricotta can also be made by using readily available cow 's milk - or a blend of cow and goat milk .
You will be surprised at how easy it is , and making riotta does n't requite any special cheesemaking ingredients like , for example , rennett .
Give it a go .
Ricotta tastes and smells like the milk it is made from , so use the best and freshest dairy you can find .
You can control the consistency of your cheese by the length of time you drain it - for a drier ricotta drain for 15 minutes or more , for a ricotta that is a bit creamier , drain for less .
Economy - overview :
Revenues of this tiny island have come from exports of phosphates , but reserves are expected to be exhausted within a few years .
Phosphate production has declined since 1989 , as demand has fallen in traditional markets and as the marginal cost of extracting the remaining phosphate increases , making it less internationally competitive .
While phosphates have given Nauruans one of the highest per capita incomes in the Third World , few other resources exist with most necessities being imported , including fresh water from Australia .
The rehabilitation of mined land and the replacement of income from phosphates are serious long - term problems .
In anticipation of the exhaustion of Nauru 's phosphate deposits , substantial amounts of phosphate income have been invested in trust funds to help cushion the transition and provide for Nauru 's economic future .
The government has been borrowing heavily from the trusts to finance fiscal deficits .
To cut costs the government has called for a freeze on wages , a reduction of over - staffed public service departments , privatization of numerous government agencies , and closure of some overseas consulates .
In recent years Nauru has encouraged the registration of offshore banks and corporations .
Tens of billions of dollars have been channeled through their accounts .
Few comprehensive statistics on the Nauru economy exist , with estimates of Nauru 's per capita GDP varying widely .
A European Union ban on the manufacture and import of 100 - watt and frosted incandescent light bulbs , in use since the 19th century , has come into force .
They are being phased out to encourage the switch to more energy - efficient fluorescent or halogen lamps , which use up to 80 % less electricity .
Critics say the new bulbs are gloomy , and can trigger headaches and rashes in people with light sensitive disorders .
The ban is one of a series of measures in the EU to tackle climate change .
The less powerful clear bulbs will be progressively banned until all traditional bulbs disappear from shops across Europe in 2012 .
The new rules follow an agreement reached by the 27 EU governments last year .
Some consumers have been stockpiling the old - style versions over concerns about the higher cost of the long - life bulbs , or for medical and sentimental reasons .
Several nations including Australia , New Zealand , the US , Canada and the Philippines have also announced plans to phase out traditional bulbs .
by John Langdon
This is the deep story of the creation of the Typedia logotype .
I had met Jason Santa Maria through our mutual friend and design colleague , Dan Mall .
Dan had told me that Jason ( at the time , aided by Khoi Vinh ) was putting together a major compendium of typographic matter for a website under the name of “ Typedia . ”
The Brief
To begin , here are some excerpts from Jason ’s first e-mail message to me on the subject of Typedia :
We need a strong logo , and I love my fellow Philadelphians .
Luckily you are exceptionally good with logos and also with living in Philadelphia .
So you were the natural choice .
First , some background …
The site is called “ Typedia ” .
Basically , Typedia will be an always - growing , community - based website for the categorization of typefaces .
It will be populated by its community of users ( since it ’s truly a gigantic task ) , but will be regulated by its editors , a group of trusted type aficionados and enthusiasts ( this will eventually be a large group of people ) .
By categorizing fonts based on a standardized set of criteria ( which Mark is formulating ) , we will allow users to add font listing to the site . [… ]
This is where it becomes powerful : because each font will have this associated criteria attached to it , we can put every font into context with one another by comparing and grouping that information .
In short , you would be able to find fonts based on information about them ( besides just their name ) and also be able to find related fonts based on that same information .
Over time , this could become a massive resource for font research , inspiration , and learning .
The site will be run like a “ Wiki ” . [ … ]
Hence , the community - based aspect .
Khoi and I have been discussing direction for the logo .
We feel it ’s important for the logo to be representative of typography .
not necessarily “ all fonts ” ( like some awful ransom note or something ) , but more the essence of centuries of typography .
Because of that , custom type work will probably suit us best since we do n’t want to use any particular existing font .
At first I thought that there was little helpful direction in that briefing .
So I started where I always start : writing the word in a number of different configurations — caps , lower case , mixtures — exploring shape relationships .
But soon I realized that I was taking some helpful ideas from Jason ’s description .
I agreed with this point :
We feel it ’s important for the logo to be representative of typography .
not necessarily “ all fonts ” ( like some awful ransom note or something ) , but more the essence of centuries of typography .
Because of that , custom type work will probably suit us best since we do n’t want to use any particular existing font .
I had designed a logo 25 or so years ago for Armstrong Typography , and rather than use any particular typeface , the appeal of which might be affected by trends in type selection , I had created a formal script that could n’t be set in type , but did bespeak quality and excellence and a sensitivity regarding letterforms .
Although I love using type in graphic design projects , in logo design , I ’m never completely satisfied with any font as it exists .
Quality in type design requires that many potentially distinctive details be distilled out of the letterforms , in order to allow for harmonious text in thousands of combinations with other letters , in innumerable situations , unforeseeable by the type designer .
By contrast , the letters in a logotype can be designed to fit the specific relationships of the letters surrounding it , and a logo must exhibit some degree of distinctiveness in order to do its job well .
Based on this comment …
I do n’t think anything will ever be neutral enough , so he may as well go the whole way , you know ?
Like , he can use fancy typographic elements , ligatures and so forth …
… I not only felt free to explore some typographic excesses , but felt they might really be called for in representing a site that celebrated the visual joys and aesthetic pleasures that can be derived from the infinite opportunities that type offers .
So , really , he can be as arcane and typo - geeky as he wants .
I ’m there .
Here are ( reduced images of ) my actual pages of open - ended , open - minded , non-judgmental exploration .
These pages will give a glimpse into a couple of aspects of my creative design process .
Page 1a is a half an 8.5 ” x 11 ” sheet that I pulled out of the recycling bag ; 1 b and 1c are both sides of a junk mail envelope that must have been immediately below that half sheet in the bag .
Although I do n’t feel terribly intimidated by the empty page — and often do my exploratory sketches in a sketch book or on pages of my layout pad — I do believe doing the early sketching on crappy paper reduces the pressure to put something good on the page right away .
This is , of course , graphic design ’s version of the advertising industry ’s venerated cocktail napkin .
I work in all four directions on any given page .
I ’m not entirely certain how this habit got started , but I think it ’s because turning to a new ( blank ! ) page interrupts the flow of the sketching process — each new scribble being a direct reaction to all the previous attempts .
It has the added benefit of allowing me to inadvertently see the letters and words from unorthodox vantage points , often revealing unanticipated graphic relationships .
Here , culled from those pages , are the sketches I sent to Jason and Khoi , presented in a more organized fashion , and numbered so that we can discuss them more easily .
And here are the notes I sent along with the sketches :
Ornate : thick and thin , elegant , extravagant , Ed Benguiat , Tom Carnase , Tony diSpigna ; could be a good bit more attractive than this sketch indicates , I think Little marks , slugs Like 2 , Little marks , slugs I love this , but it ’s probably too close to the fabulous T that the NYT Magazine has been using …
Monoweight , slightly heavier than what you see here Like 5 , Monoweight , slightly heavier than what you see here
The history of type in one word …
IMHO , predictable and boring Monoweight , about the weight you see here Monoweight , about the weight you see here .
I would shorten the descenders a little An attempt at a contemporary blackletter …
Boooring Monoweight , about the weight you see here Monoweight , a little heavier that what you see here .
Probably comparable to # 8 . 8 and 11 are my faves
Initial Feedback
Khoi and Jason responded :
The direction that Khoi and I feel comes closest to where we want to take this is # 1 .
But with that said , # 1 is n’t quite it .
As Khoi remarked , “ It ’s in the right neighborhood , but it ’s not the right house ” .
We love the elegance and refined connotation of it , but at the same time we feel like legibility might be an issue , and we miss having a more consistent baseline .
It probably could be less ornate and a bit more reserved .
We do n’t want to tie your hands , so we will try to sum up the feeling we want from the logo :
Something that feels like a summation of type history .
Should feel refined and knowledge - filled , and classic .
Perhaps something rough and time - worn , but distinguished .
I actually really like the idea of time - worn , but still around .
Like a distinguished gentleman … a look that shows its years , but is still badass .
Like Clint Eastwood eight years ago .
I thought that was great feedback .
It narrowed the field , confirmed a number of my instincts , and made me feel like we were all of a similar mind — a feeling that this would work out really well .
Their thought that number 1 was closest told me that we wanted to communicate our enthusiasm for letterforms — an exuberant , joyful typography .
Feedback to Revision
It should be “ something that feels like a summation of type history , ” and yet not the obvious step - by - step metamorphosis through the seven letters .
That suggested two things to me .
The first was that the Gutenberg Blackletter was appropriate , but not as a pervasive thorough approach to the whole word .
That very first typeface from over five hundred years ago had been quickly supplanted as Italian printers brought the classic Roman letters to the new field of type design .
Would n’t it be appropriate , then , to have an initial cap T that paid homage to Gutenberg , but then quickly shifted to the evolution of Roman typestyles ?
This could be a fairly non-jarring shift , as initial caps are inherently a different animal from lower case letters , and often appear in the history of type use as intentionally decorative and distinct .
My second thought was that in the history of type design the classical period is best represented by the typestyles of Giambattista Bodoni and Firmin Didot .
Although thousands of typefaces have been created since the 18th century , we still refer to their fonts as “ modern . ”
The many newer serif styles still fall into the classical categories : Humanist , Old Style , Transitional , and Modern .
By choosing a style based on Bodoni and Didot , I would be referring , by implication , to all the historical developments that led up to their development .
The words “ refined , knowledge - filled , and classic ” seemed to support the “ modern ” style perfectly .
I rejected “ rough and time - worn ” as being too close to the recently trendy looks of scratched and eroded wood type and other grunge-y “ deconstructed ” styles .
Classic typestyles have stood the test of time with most of their time - worn letters going back into the lead - melting vat .
“ Distinguished ” ?
How much more distinguished and gentlemanly than Bodoni and Didot can you get ?
Okay , I had to let “ badass ” go .
Logo , Version One
I wrote back :
Thanks for the feedback .
Your input must have been inspirational , as I love what I ’ve done with it .
With the new logo I ’ve attached , I ’ve kept some of the exuberance and elegance of # 1 , but given it a strong baseline , and made it much more readable .
It is more reserved than # 1 was , by virtue of its strong baseline and verticals , but it retains its sense of enthusiasm .
I think that enthusiasm , and those flourishes say “ we ’ll go anywhere typographic .
We love it all . ”
Although you did not include Bodoni / Didot in your list of aesthetic inspirations , I think they ’re certainly classic , and high points in the history of type aesthetics .
Rough … No .
But refined and distinguished , yes .
I really ca n’t think of a typographic look that commands so much respect .
And the ( contemporary ) Blackletter cap T is of course , a nod to Herr Gutenberg .
Thanks for the very helpful feedback .
I ’m loving this one .
Hope you do too .
They did :
Hi John , WOW .
We are both very very very happy .
This is exactly where we wanted to go with this .
I love the hint of the blackletter T . I am really stunned at how you meshed so many styles together .
We realize this is a sketch , so we will keep the comments minor ( and some of this stuff you may have planned to refine in the final version anyway ) :
Of all the letters , the “ T ” seems the least comfortable .
It ’s not as fluid as the “ E ” and the “ A ” and it seems like it should be the most fluid of them all .
It seems to have a conflict between round , sweeping sensibility and a vertical , formal quality .
Which is n’t to say we dislike the “ T ” , we love the blackletter quality of it and do n’t want to lose that , we just want to see it become a bit more complimentary .
If it means losing the blackletter feel to do it , then I suggest we maintain the blackletter feel .
Also , the logo will likely be much smaller on the website , so we need to make sure those Hairline Serifs read well .
Like I said , very minor commentary , do n’t kill yourself over it .
This is so beautiful .
Great work John ! — Jason and Khoi
Why are n’t all clients like this ?
Well , because not all clients are deeply in love with typography .
But a combination of enthusiastic compliments and some very on - target and helpful specific critiques ca n’t be beat .
They ’re making me look good , here !
Version Two
As per my normal process , I enlarged that last pretty tight sketch a couple hundred percent and traced over it , making very precise measurements and refining curves like crazy with a # 4 ( extra hard ) Ticonderoga pencil .
The cap T was the trickiest letter to draw .
Comparing it to a traditional Gothic Blackletter cap T shows that heavy vertical much farther from the curved bowl in my version than in this Cloister Black example .
I ’ve moved it out closer to the center of the curved stroke in order to allow the curve to spiral around and intersect the vertical in a nice oblique and uncomplicated way that relates it to the flourishes of the P , E , and A .
You can see that I ’ve also “ modernized ’ the curved bowl by forcing its weighted area all the way to one side , as Bodoni and Didot did with their “ Roman ” letterforms .
All I can tell you is that it was difficult to get that interior vertical stroke to not look terribly awkward ( I hope you agree that I succeeded ! ) .
The Blackletter T has been modernized and customized a good bit , and the rest of the letters do n’t really look a whole lot like letters you could find in a Bodoni or Didot font showing either .
The characteristics that tie them to that Modern group of typestyles are :
The extreme contrast between thick and thin strokes , and the very abrupt transitions from one to the other .
The “ unbracketed ” serifs ( if you ’re unfamiliar with that term , check out the shelves you ’ve got hanging from those metal strips on your wall , or the ones in your fridge — those things holding them up are brackets .
Most serifs have ‘ em ; Bodoni and Didot do n’t . )
If you ’re familiar with Bodoni and Didot , you ’ll also be able to see my many departures from those faces .
The very slight flares at the ends of the thin flourishes , for example , are a personal favorite detail of mine .
Without them , the end of a thin stroke seems arbitrary to me , like , “ well , guess it may as well end here … ” .
I prefer to say , “ This is exactly where I want the stroke to end ” — to make the last bit of ink ( or toner , or whatever ) to be like a punch line or dessert — kind of a little tiny celebration at the end of something joyful .
I ’ve also got some vertical stems without serifs at all .
This is where we stop making the comparison to Bodoni and Didot , and start talking about consistency and harmony in the design of a logotype .
As I indicated earlier , the design of a logotype has quite different criteria than the design of a typeface .
In a typeface , each letter has to look completely comfortable with any of the other 51 letters on either side of it .
In a logotype , each letter has to look right next to only the two letters it ’s between .
So the design of that letter can be based entirely on those two relationships .
Type design is strongly characterized by establishing and following rules .
Logotype design is often all about breaking rules .
Serifs on the tops of the P and D would have negatively affected their relationships to the Y and the E , and in the case of the YP combination , kerning would be made more difficult as well .
A right - pointing serif on the top of the A ’s vertical might have worked , but I like the unencumbered purity of the relationship of the vertical to the encircling flourish .
( Is that Freudian ? )
In addition , there ’s a nice rhythm , reading from left to right , of serifed , and non-serifed strokes and letters .
That rhythm is secondary to , and supportive of , the rhythm created by the alternating spiral flourishes .
The upper right serif of the Y is bracketed , as Giambattista also did with the ends of light strokes , apparently feeling that the light stroke needed the additional structure to support the serif .
I ’ve got a completely bracketed serif at the top of the E — not so different from what Bodoni would have done , I suppose , but really necessary here as , without it , the E would be the only letter lacking both a horizontal and a vertical stroke .
I maximized that serif to give it as strong a relationship as possible to the vertical of the D next to it .
So far , all my work has been done with yellow pencils with erasers on the tops .
It ’s only when I have the final pencil drawing done as accurately as I ’m able to , that I move to the computer .
I scan that drawing and execute the finished art in Adobe Illustrator .
One more note , though , about the final pencil drawing .
When it was done , I noticed that the cap T did n’t tuck in with the Y as nicely as it had in the previous sketch .
The T had been such a pain to get right , that I decided to deal with that little problem in Illustrator .
Version Three — The Final
I sent Khoi and Jason these two versions .
Their comments :
The larger T is definitely the one !
This is really beautiful John .
Khoi and I both love it .
We have two minor revisions if you have time .
I ’ve attached a screenshot to help explain :
The areas where the bowl (? ) of the T go from curved to straight are very stiff , especially when compared to a similar spot on another letter like the A .
It might be nice to smooth those out a bit .
Although , this may destroy the effect you were going for with the pseudo - blackletter .
Feel free to discuss .
I think one of the points on the inside of the bottom P is off .
Compare to the P on top .
I only noticed this when I shrank it down smaller ( btw , the logo reduces INCREDIBLY ) .
I really am beside myself with appreciation and admiration , John .
I ’ve immodestly included their enthusiastic endorsements so you would n’t think they were just a couple of crabby professional nit-pickers .
The thing is , they were right .
Since we were n’t in the same room with pointy things to indicate what we were referring to , it took several e-mail messages back and forth for me to zero in on what they meant , but ultimately I saw it .
John , I think you ’ve nailed it !
We are very satisfied .
Are you happy with the logo ?
Very .
It ’s very rewarding to work for people who are so appreciative of what I do and as critical about the details as I am .
About the author : Award - winning logo designer and ambigram originator John Langdon is the creator and author of Wordplay .
He created the ambigrams in Dan Brown ’s bestseller , Angels & Demons , and his paintings of words have appeared in several galleries and art museum exhibitions .
Numerous samples of his work can be seen at www.johnlangdon.net.
Article and imagery © Copyright John Langdon
The editor of a daily newspaper that is the mouthpiece of the powerful Italian Bishops '
Conference sensationally resigned yesterday , less than a week after being exposed as a convicted sex pest by the daily newspaper controlled by the Berlusconi family .
The attack on Dino Boffo , the editor of the Catholic Church 's daily , L'Avvenire ( " The Future " ) , was seen as evidence that the gloves are truly off in the confrontation between the Vatican and Italy 's scandal - struck Prime Minister , Silvio Berlusconi .
Boffo announced his resignation following a campaign against him in Il Giornale , the newspaper owned by the Berlusconi family , in which he was described as a " renowned homosexual " who had been fined for harassing the wife of a man he was pursuing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Boffo last night acknowledged that he had been fined in a harassment case in 2004 .
But he claimed that someone else had used his cell phone to make the harassing calls and denied that there was any homosexual relationship .
He said that he was quitting to spare his family further embarrassment and to stop a war of words that had " astonished " ordinary Italians .
With Boffo's resignation , Mr Berlusconi was able to claim the first scalp in his rapidly escalating battle with the church and the media , which began when a string of sex scandals struck Mr Berlusconi himself .
The 72 - year - old medial mogul was sued for divorce by his wife Veronica who said he had been " frequenting minors " .
He was later accused of leading a riotous sex life involving numerous young women , some of them prostitutes .
Mr Boffo's paper has published several articles strongly critical of Mr Berlusconi 's behaviour .
When Il Giornale let fly at Boffo , Mr Berlusconi distanced himself from the attack .
But the church took it personally , calling the allegations " disgusting " and cancelling a dinner planned for Mr Berlusconi with a leading churchman .
Relations between church and government went into the deep freeze .
But on Monday , an Italian court confirmed the substance of Il Giornale 's claims and now Boffo has gone , still protesting his innocence .
Church and State : A special intimacy
* The Catholic Church 's political control over central Italy was ended in 1871 with Italian unification .
* State - church relations were established in 1929 with the Lateran Pact .
* After the Second World War , the church - backed Christian Democrats began four decades of domination .
* The Democristiani collapsed in 1992 amid bribery scandals .
* Today the church still exerts strong pressure over hotly debated social issues such as gay rights and fertility .
実際の並列プロセッサの特徴を知る
- PR -
第2回「現代のプロセッサと並列実行」では、一般的な汎用プロセッサのハードウェア構成について説明しました。
並列ハードウェアは、構成要素のどの部分が並列に動作するように設計されているのかによって分類されており、効果的な並列プログラミングに当たってハードウェアの基礎知識が求められます。
前回、紹介したスーパースカラー、SIMD、マルチコア／マルチプロセッサ、ハードウェアマルチスレッドといった技術が、実際のプロセッサにどのように組み込まれているのか。
今回は 、Intel Core i7 、Cell Broadband Engine、NVIDIA
T10、そして現在開発中 のIntel Larrabeeについて見ていきます。
Intel Core i7
まずは 、Intel Core i7（以下i7）を見ていきましょう。i7は、前回説明したひととおりの並列ハードウェアを持ったプロセッサであるといえます。以下に各機能を列記します。
スーパースカラ ー 4つの命令を同時にデコードでき、6つの命令を同時に実行できます
SIMD SSE2 、SSE3 、SSE4.1といった命令が実装されており、4つの単精度浮動小数値を同時に処理できます。また、次の世代のプロセッサはAVXと呼ばれる拡張が行なわれ、8つの単精度浮動小数値を同時に処理できるようになるといわれています マルチコア 4つのコアを持っています。また、i7と同じコアを持ったXeonではNUMAマルチプロセッサに対応しており、メモリアクセスを並列化できます
ハードウェアマルチスレッド 1個のコアあたり2つのスレッドを同時実行することができます（IntelではこれをHyper-Threading Technology と呼んでいます）
また、並列以外の特徴として、WindowsやMac上で動くデスクトップアプリケーションを高速化しなければならないため、ほかのプロセッサと比べて、シングルスレッド性能も強化されているという点があります。
命令レイテンシ（並列実行しない場合の処理時間）はほかのプロセッサと比べるとやや短かめになっていますし、並列実行以外の方法でプログラムを高速化するために、i7で新しく実装されたSSE4.2では文字列処理を高速化するだけの命令が用意されています。
Intel Core i7 エクストリームエディション（
Intel のWebサイト より）
The Amazing Shapes People See in The Clouds
Have you ever looked at a cloud and been convinced it looked exactly like a human face ?
Or a skateboarder ?
Or even the “ Cloudship ” Enterprise ?
Well , you ’re not alone .
The Cloud Appreciation Society – which now boasts 8,000 members – has collected an extraordinary number of pictures of clouds from all around the world in a wide variety of different shapes .
Here , we present some of the most spectacular …
source : here
The number two , picked out in the sky over Stafford
A dog barking , seen above Soldiers Point , Australia
A dragonfly , photographed above Upton , Lincolnshire
A dragon ’s head , spotted over Clapham , Yorkshire
The Grim Reaper , lurking over Malaysia
Monkey skiing down a run , spotted over New Zealand
Fusilli pasta , spiralling over Sossuvlei National Park , Namibia
A pig with six legs , ‘ walking ’ over the Trent at Gainsborough in Lincolnshire
A poodle coming home from the doggy salon , spied over Texas
The Cloudship Enterprise , hovering over Calgary , Canada
A skateboarder doing tricks over Provence , France
A red snapper , ‘ swimming ’ over Glencoe , Scotland
A loggerhead turtle , floating over Fife , Scotland
Above :
In the first of a two - part series on the Bang Bang Club , Joao Silva discusses his photography in South Africa in the 1990s .
Tomorrow we will bring you the photography of another member of the informal club — Greg Marinovich .
Correction appended |
Though legendary in photojournalism circles , the Bang Bang Club never formally existed .
It was really more of a bond among four young photographers — Kevin Carter , Greg Marinovich , Ken Oosterbroek and Joao Silva — united by their ideals , their photography and the historical events unfolding in South Africa in the 1990s .
Their bond was formed in the field , where injustice and death lurked .
It was a camaraderie that came from the constant experience of mortal danger — Mr. Oosterbroek was killed during a gun battle in April 1994 .
They also shared a mutual understanding of how important it was to document the tumultuous events unfolding in front of them as apartheid gave way and South Africans struggled to form a new government .
It was a battle most brutally waged in townships populated mainly by poor blacks .
“ Amazing how often these guys were shooting pictures of people committing murder , burning people alive , ” said Bill Keller , the executive editor of The Times .
The Times ’s bureau chief in Johannesburg from 1992 until 1995 , he often worked with Mr. Marinovich .
Mr. Marinovich was fairly new to photojournalism in 1991 when he first photographed the killing of a man .
“ I had been too scared to say anything to try to stop it , ” he said , “ and so that really disturbed me about myself and who I thought I was at the moment . ”
A month later Mr. Marinovich came across a very similar situation .
But this time he did try to intervene , with no success .
The series of photographs showed supporters of South Africa ’s African National Congress burning alive a man they believed to be a Zulu spy .
Mr. Marinovich was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for those pictures the following year .
The group routinely covered situations where it “ was not a healthy place to be a witness , ” as Mr. Keller put it .
That is the core of what the Bang Bang Club is remembered for : bearing witness .
Mr. Carter ’s picture of a starving Sudanese girl with a vulture nearby , first published in The Times , won a Pulitzer Prize in 1994 .
When an article about some of the photographers was published under the title “ The Bang Bang Paparazzi , ” the group was offended .
“ The kind of journalism , the photography we do — it ’s real lives ; you know , people living , people dying , ” Mr. Silva said .
In a later article , the writer renamed the group the Bang Bang Club .
Then , after Mr. Oosterbroek ’s death and Mr. Carter ’s suicide in July 1994 , Mr. Silva and Mr. Marinovich wrote a book , “ The Bang Bang Club : Snapshots From a Hidden War ” ( 2000 ) .
The book contains scenes familiar to South Africans like Steven Silver , a director who is making it into a movie .
He remembers the fearless photographers .
“ Bullets would start to fly and everyone would scramble and you would see these guys jump into the middle of it and wade right into the center of it , ” Mr. Silver recalled .
Earlier this year , Mr. Silver , Mr. Silva ( being played by Neels Van Jaarsveld ) and Mr. Marinovich ( being played by Ryan Phillippe ) were once again on common ground with others who survived the conflict .
During filming , people rushed out of their homes with magazines showing Mr. Marinovich ’s photograph of the burning man .
In some scenes , residents of the townships played themselves , as extras .
Everyone involved helped make the film as authentic as possible , which was Mr. Silver ’s key concern .
Mr. Marinovich and Mr. Silva were brought on as consultants to ensure that the details were accurate .
“ It was a lot more difficult than they had anticipated , ” he said .
“ It was n’t that long ago ; the history is still very much alive — in the people of the townships as much as in Greg and Joao . ”
Mr. Marinovich and Mr. Silva are writing an epilogue to their book to be released with the movie .
Correction
An earlier version of this post conflated two events in Mr. Marinovich ’s career , creating the impression that he had won a Pulitzer Prize for photographs of a killing he had been too scared to try to stop .
The killing in which he felt powerless to intervene had in fact occurred a month earlier .
Mr. Marinovich did try , without success , to thwart the killing for which he later won a Pulitzer .
Guzman - Betancort is likely to be deported to Colombia A Colombian man who has spent his life stealing from rich hotel guests has been arrested in the US state of Vermont near the border with Canada .
Juan Carlos Guzman - Betancourt was detained after attempting to cross the border illegally .
He has used at least 10 aliases , and has been wanted in Canada , Colombia , Japan , Mexico , Russia , Thailand and Venezuela , according to reports .
In 2005 , he escaped from a UK prison after a trip to a dentist .
Prosecutors have compared him to confidence trickster Frank Abagnale Jr , who was the subject of the film " Catch Me If You Can " .
Orphan A US Border Patrol agent , responding to a tip - off , arrested him after he had walked across the border into Vermont .
Guzman - Betancourt told the agent that he had inadvertently crossed the border to seek help for a broken - down car , according to an affidavit .
He was carrying a Spanish passport in the name of Jordi Ejarque - Rodriguez containing stamps from Turkey , Jordan , Egypt , United Arab Emirates , Bahrain and Oman .
His true identity was later revealed using fingerprint analysis .
He is a highly accomplished liar - plausible , believable and very professional
Detective Sgt Andy Swindells
His first reported con took place in 1993 , when he was discovered on the runway at Miami airport claiming to be a 13 - year - old orphan who had hung on to the plane 's landing gear on a flight from Colombia .
His case became a local sensation , and he soon began receiving gifts and donations , until it was revealed that he was really 17 , and that his parents were still alive .
Since then , his scams have tended to take place in luxury hotels around the world .
Typically , he would arrive at a hotel , claim to be a guest , and then tell security that he had forgotten the combination code to his safe .
When hotel staff helped him to open the safe , he would pocket the contents and make his escape .
Court records show that Guzman - Betancourt has been deported from the US on three separate occasions .
In 2005 , a British court sentenced him to three and a half years in prison for stealing jewellery worth £ 150,000 , cash and other goods over six years .
But after serving just two months of his sentence , he persuaded prison authorities to let him go to a dental appointment unaccompanied , and never returned .
" He is a highly accomplished liar - plausible , believable and very professional , " testified Detective Sgt Andy Swindells at his UK trial .
" He commits these offences for a living and is , therefore , incredibly well versed in identity theft , hotel and foreign travel . "
Following his arrest in Vermont , he now faces removal to Colombia , officials said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ALBUM DOWNLOAD
Tracklist :
This is the second of 3 specials to celebrate our 100th Mash - Up Your Bootz Party Sampler with the theme : PAST --> PRESENT --> FUTURE
In " The Present " we give you a collection of 15 previously unreleased Mashup Tracks by a bunch of our current favourite DJs & Producers .
The sources vary from Modern Pop to Rock , back to Rap classics , taking a break in the 80's & 90's , extremely partying to EDM and ending up with Industrial Metal .
Enjoy the here and today .
Come back tomorrow to learn more about " The Future " .
( All . Zip - Filez ) 01 .
Mashup - Germany - Pink Downtown Love [ Martin Jondo vs. Macklemore vs. Major Lazer vs. Wiz Khalifa vs. Avicii vs. Coldplay ] 02 . DJ Sunsite - Too Close [ Nora En Pure vs. Alex Clare vs. Alle Farben vs. Zedd feat .
John Bellion ]03 .
DJ Surda - Can't Take My Eyes Off The Cheerleader [ OMI & Felix Jaehn vs. Frankie Valli vs. Etta James ] 04 .
Mighty Mike - Rocking Island [ Weezer vs. Martin Solveig ] 05 .
Kill_mR_DJ - Driving and Thinking [ Sniff ' n ' the Tears vs. Ed Sheeran ] 06 .
Shahar Varshal - Waiting For Up [ 4 Non Blondes vs. Avicii vs. A - WA ]07 . DJs From Mars - Bring Me To The Dark Side [ DJs From Mars vs. David Puentez vs. Evanescence ]08 .
DJ Lobsterdust - Heads Will Roll vs. Better Off Alone [ Yeah Yeah Yeahs vs. Alice Deejay ] 09 .
DJ Morgoth - Hardcore Skills In The Pretender [ Lindemann vs. Dune vs. Foo Fighters ] 10 .
MixmstrStel BringMeTheMashup - Bad B1ood ( In G Major ) [ Taylor Swift vs. Others ] 11 .
DJ Schmolli - Illegalize ' Em [ B - Real , Busta Rhymes , Coolio , LL Cool J , & Method Man vs. Marsimoto ] 12 .
ToToM - Better It Giveth [ Queens of the Stone Age vs. Kanye West featuring Nas , Krs One & Rakim ] 13 .
Fissunix - ROK
In The Fast Lane [ The Eagles vs. The Prodigy ] 14 . LeeDM101 - Tainted Trick [ Celldweller vs. Crosses ] 15 .
Robin Skouteris - Lights
In Your Arms [ Ellie Goulding vs. Cutting Crew ] presented & compiled by DJ Morgoth :
– Rightwinger Shmuel Rosner attacks J Street in the Jerusalem Post , saying that it betrayed Israel by supporting Donna Edwards , the Maryland congresswoman , even after she criticized Israel over the Gaza slaughter .
– Leftwinger Richard Silverstein attacks J Street on his site , saying that it should have remained silent on the Toronto international film festival , rather than rallying behind the Tel Aviv theme of the festival .
So ….
J Street is right where it wants to be .
Much as I agree with Silverstein , J Street is proving incredibly effective in the leadup to a conference next month that is designed to make the AIPAC policy conference look like the Soviet Union .
As MJ Rosenberg pointed out to me , the old lobby never got the loving coverage that the new Israel lobby got in the New York Times Magazine today .
This is n’t just an image game .
J Street is making a play for the Jewish center .
It is trying to drive a wedge in the Jewish community with a program that says , We love Israel but the occupation is a bad thing that will kill Israel .
J Street seems to think that it can win 60 to 70 percent of the American Jewish community with that program ; and thereby expose the religious conservatives and neocons who make up the backbone of AIPAC as a mere 30 or 35 percent of the Jewish community .
And as for the universalist Jewish left , who get a sick feeling when we hear J Street trumpeting " Jewish democracy " in Israel ( for some reason we were n’t crazy about " white democracy " in the south , either ) , well – honey , we ’re a fringe .
I think we ’re about 5 percent of the Jewish community , optimistically .
Yes , we ’re growing , but we ’re a fringe .
And politically , where else can we go now ?
We ’re just like Obama ’s progressive base watching Obama sell us out on the public option and Afghan war .
We may have been essential to J Street ’s rise , as the anti-Iraq left was to Obama ’s nomination .
But J Street does n’t need us now .
J Street ’s play is the Obama play .
J
Street thinks this is the last chance for the two - state solution .
They want to build political capital for Obama in the American Jewish establishment so that he can put pressure on Israel over settlements , as he promised the Arab world in Cairo .
This is the " great game " of foreign policy today–as the great game of the 19th century was imperialist chess .
And The New York Times can aid that effort .
Silverstein ’s blog and this website are sitting in the bleachers .
Yes , we ’re on the J Street side of the stadium .
I ’m going to bash J Street over its support for Israeli propaganda at Toronto , but on its central goal– getting a peace deal with Barack Obama , in the face of AIPAC–I ’m for that .
I think it ’s a nice dream ; and I ’m going to do my part to support J Street in this larger political effort because it would be an improvement over what ’s there now , and might pave the way for a struggle for democratic freedoms , in Tel Aviv and Cairo too .
I just do n’t think that dream is realistic .
Netanyahu continues to build settlements , Palestinians live in Warsaw ghetto - like conditions in Gaza and apartheid conditions in the West Bank .
Those are the facts , which J Street does n’t talk about .
As Silverstein notes , the left ’s achievement is a campaign of awareness inside the U.S. about Palestinian history and conditions–and the cruelty of the so - called peace process .
" J Street is fighting a rear guard action in defense of the indefensible , " says Silverstein .
" The Israeli government must be confronted wherever in the world it attempts to advance its political agenda . "
Because we ’re progressives who know what ’s going on , we ’re not powerless .
Even as J Street summons American Jews to hold on to the dream of a " Jewish democracy " in Israel by ending the occupation , but it knows that Jewish democracy is n’t a happy place for minorities .
Skinheads in England are waving the Israeli flag !
If the two - state solution fails and Jim Crow continues ( the strong likelihood ) , J Street ’s thinkers are going to come to us , not Avigdor Lieberman .
Another reason we ’re relevant is the J Street letter in support of the Toronto film festival .
It ’s aimed at Jews .
J Street leader Jeremy Ben - Ami wants to " gather the names of 100 prominent Jewish Americans " to sign his letter .
Is this any way to run a democracy ?
Hell no .
And J Street knows that , too .
In Jim Traub ’s NYT article , Ben-Ami bragged about all the intermarried kids on the organization ’s staff .
We universalists have a much wider horizon than Jewish life .
We define community differently from J Street .
How long can the Jewish community contain this issue within its walls ?
How long can the Israel lobby , even the reconstructed Israel lobby , insist that our foreign policy is chiefly the business of American Jews ?
Not for long .
I think J Street knows that too .
It ’s only a matter of time .
The critique of the Israel lobby continues to reverberate within American public life , as even the Atlantic , which forced Walt and Mearsheimer to publish their criticism in England , now concedes .
And when other politicized American groups are assertive about their stake in this issue , the lobby – by any name , call it AIPAC or J Street–loses power .
Till then , I ’m with J Street .
Average temperatures of waters at the oceans ’ surface in July were the highest ever recorded , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said .
The agency said the average sea surface temperature was 1.06 degrees higher than the 20th - century average of 61.5 degrees .
Though July was unusually cool in some areas , like the eastern United States , analysts at the NOAA Climate Data Center said the combined global land and ocean surface temperature was 1.03 degrees higher than the 20th - century average of 60.4 degrees , the fifth warmest since worldwide record keeping began in 1880 .
The agency also said that , on average , Arctic sea ice covered 3.4 million square miles in July , 12.7 percent below the 1979 - 2000 average and the third lowest on record , after 2007 and 2006 .
The FBI is abusing the powers given to it under the Patriot Act in a way that is stifling the current debate about reforming that law , says the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ The FBI continues to use the gag order provision of the Patriot Act ’s national security letter ( NSL ) statute to suppress key information about the agency ’s misuse of NSLs , ” the group said in a statement released Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
National security letters ( NSLs ) , created under the Patriot Act security bill that was passed in the aftermath of 9/11 , allow the FBI to demand sensitive information about users of facilities like libraries and Internet service providers , and then bar those organizations from revealing that the order was ever given .
The ACLU ’s claim comes weeks after Senate Democrats introduced the Justice Act , an omnibus security bill its authors , including Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) , say is designed to protect civil rights threatened by the Patriot Act .
Several elements of the Patriot Act are set to expire at the end of the year .
The Obama administration has backed the renewal of three of those elements .
The ACLU says the FBI ’s continued use of gag orders is making it impossible for the public to evaluate how national security letters have been used , and what needs to be done to fix them .
The group is challenging the NSLs in a lawsuit known as Doe V. Holder , in which an Internet service provider is fighting the gag order placed on it by the FBI , in a case it says was misuse of government power .
Because of the gag order , very few details are known about the case .
The public does not know who the Internet provider is , or what the gag order is related to .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2008 , a federal court of appeals ruled that the FBI could not maintain the gag order without giving the court a justification for it .
Earlier this year , the Obama administration decided not to challenge that ruling , and the FBI complied by handing over a justification .
But , as Jon Stokes reported at Ars Technica , the FBI reported to the judge in secret .
Not even the defendants knew what justification the FBI gave for demanding information from the Internet provider .
The ACLU challenged that in court , and the court allowed parts of the FBI ’s justification to be made public .
“ One of the legal documents recently made public reveals that the FBI continues to use the gag order to prohibit the disclosure of an ‘ attachment ’ to the NSL Doe received that , if disclosed , would show that the FBI tried to obtain records that it was not entitled to obtain under the NSL statute , ” the ACLU says .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The FBI ’s misuse of its gag power continues to prevent NSL recipients like Doe – who have the best first - hand knowledge of the FBI ’s use and abuse of NSL power – from participating in the Patriot Act debate in Congress , ” ACLU staff attorney Melissa Goodman said in the ACLU ’s statement .
“ The gag power has allowed the FBI to manipulate the debate , to suppress evidence of its misuse of the NSL power , and to deprive Congress and the public of important information it needs to inform whether these intrusive surveillance and gag powers should be reformed . ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
In an age when the rich and famous often indulge themselves with huge , expensive mansions , Bernie Madoff played it relatively conservatively .
Based on his real estate holdings , you would n't have guessed that the felonious financier had victimized his investors by as much as $ 65 billion .
His oceanfront cottage in Montauk is notable more for its vistas than its opulence .
That theme continues as we get closer looks at both his Manhattan penthouse and his Palm Beach spread , thanks to publicity videos hosted by U.S. marshals , who have been preparing the homes for sale .
On Wednesday evening , they selected brokers to list the properties , giving the Palm Beach house to New York luxury real estate broker Corcoran Group and the Manhattan house to the real estate division of famed auction house Sotheby's .
Corcoran is already listing Madoff 's Montauk beach house for $ 8.75 million .
The Palm Beach house is going on the market Thursday for $ 8.49 million , and the Manhattan penthouse is priced at $ 9.9 million .
And they 're not exactly palatial estates .
The Manhattan penthouse is nice , of course , but it is n't awe inspiring .
It occupies the entire top two floors of an Upper East Side apartment building and features wraparound terraces with extraordinary views .
The residence is about 4,000 square feet , which is large by Manhattan standards but still distinctly sub-McMansion .
" From what I 've seen , I 'd call it a fairly modest place , " said expert New York appraiser Jonathan Miller , president of Miller Samuel .
But a true penthouse carries a special cachet and puts Madoff 's house in a vaunted category .
Miller compared it to the Montauk home , which while modest has the distinction of sitting right on the beach .
There are buyers who only want ocean - front property and will accept nothing less .
Similarly , there are discerning buyers who only want penthouses .
Because these types of houses are rare , when they come on the market , they sell for premiums .
The marshal in charge of the Manhattan sale , Roland Ubaldo , said his office was letting the brokers set he price , but he anticipates between $ 8 million and $ 10 million for the home where " Madoff spent the last days of his life as a free man . "
The penthouse has attractive fanlights over many of the windows , parquet floors , four working fireplaces and a gorgeous curving staircase to go from the 11th to the 12th floor .
Bernie 's study is floor - to - ceiling cherry - wood paneled walls and bookcases .
The kitchen is state of the art with stainless steel counters , custom cabinets and high - end appliances .
The home will be sold as a three bedroom , though that 's not the current configuration .
There 's only one bedroom now .
Bernie and his wife , Ruth , tended to have separate facilities , so the other two bedrooms were converted to his - and - her studies .
Separate walk - in closets have cedar cabinets and housed the 45 to 50 custom made suits Bernie owned , as well as dozens of pairs of shoes .
Southern comfort
At 6,500 square feet , the Palm Beach home is much larger than the other Madoff homes , but it is still comparatively modest and mostly , well , homey .
" There was nothing really extravagant , nothing over the top about it , " said Barry Golden , of the U.S. Marshals Southern District Florida office , which is preparing the property for sale .
The Palm Beach County 's property appraiser values the house itself , minus the lot it sits on , at only about $ 778,000 .
The land is what 's really valuable :
The half acre is appraised at close to $ 7 million .
" It 's a beautiful home , do n't get me wrong , " said John Thomas , Palm Beach County 's Director of Residential Appraisal .
" But it 's just another $ 8 million or $ 9 million property in the town of Palm Beach .
In terms of the neighborhood , they 're all spectacular . "
It is , however , larger than either of its next - door neighbors , and it has an 80 - foot dock on the Intracoastal Waterway , right behind the house .
That 's where Madoff kept his yacht .
" We 're hoping that will keep the price up , " said Thomas .
From the street it is hard to see much of the property because dense plantings screen the building from prying eyes .
But glimpses reveal a two - story wood - frame home with ground - floor and second - story verandas .
Inside , it 's casual chic with uneven terra cotta tile floors , lots of windows and French doors , unpainted vaulted ceilings and exposed beams .
The finishes here are a bit finer than that of the Montauk residence , which is more rustic .
There is elaborate and extensive woodwork with beautiful moldings and built - in bookshelves .
The upstairs consists of a master suite with bedchamber , dual walk - in closets , an exercise room , a study and two baths .
Decor wise , the home features two recurring themes : fish and bulls .
" You can't help but notice all the bull reference in the house , " said Golden .
There are what look like old English paintings of different breeds of bulls , as well as bull statues and figurines .
Mounted on a wall is the 1969 blueprints for Bull , the Madoff yacht , a 55 - foot , custom - made craft that the marshals also seized .
On Wall Street , the bull means optimism concerning the direction of the market .
In everyday life , it has an alternative meaning , one Madoff 's victims probably find more appropriate as a motif in his house .
Victims may also find the fish theme -- figurines , display cases of lures and tied flies , and wall - mounted antique angling gear -- equally apt considering how he angled for investors , reeled them in and then gutted and filleted them .
All the furniture and objets d'arte will stay in the house until it 's sold , according to Golden .
After that , they 'll be auctioned off and the proceeds , like those from the home sale , will go into the fund to repay investors .
The most valuable of all the personal property is undoubtedly Bull the yacht .
It was kept shrink - wrapped after it was seized in April until opened up for video display this month .
The Bull boasts a flying bridge that sits so high up that an elevator was needed to carry people up .
Yes , you read that right : Bernie 's boat has an elevator .
There 's also a 38 - foot Shelter Island runabout , a 1930 's rumrunner - style boat with a high bow and an aggressive profile called Sitting Bull .
Last , there 's the little Maverick , a small open cabin boat with an outboard motor .
It 's name ?
You guessed it : Little Bull .
Golden is particularly interested to see whether the Madoff connection will bring out more boat buyers for the auction , which should take place soon .
" We hope to keep the prices up so we can return the maximum amount of money to the victims , " he said .
Have you suffered a setback because of the economy ?
What are you doing to overcome it and get back on track ?
If you 've been confronted with some challenge during this recession but are fighting back , send an email to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Despite emergency stimulus measures , small business lending continues to fall .
In the just - ended quarter , the Small Business Administration 's flagship program backed 30 % fewer loans than it did a year ago , and 55 % fewer loans than it did in 2007 , before the recession set in .
The numbers bear out the grim reports from business owners who say that credit is dangerously scarce for small firms .
The SBA's 7 ( a ) program approved 11,580 loans in the quarter ended June 30 , valued at $ 2.5 billion .
That 's down from 16,490 loans , worth $ 3.4 billion , in the same quarter last year .
For the full year to date , the situation is even darker .
In the first nine months of its 2009 fiscal year , the SBA has approved roughly half as many loans as it did last year .
With sales slow , many business owners are looking for financing to help them weather the recession , but banks have clamped down on making the risky loans .
Additional incentives from the SBA , authorized as part of February 's Recovery Act , have helped spur some increased lending but have n't sparked a complete rebound .
Still , SBA officials point to post - stimulus lending trends as a sign that the situation is at least better than it would have otherwise been .
Comparing the months before and after the February 17 stimulus signing , the SBA reports a 24 % jump in the number of 7 ( a ) loans it has backed .
" They are having an effect , " SBA spokesman Mike Stamler said of the SBA 's new incentives .
On March 16 , the agency implemented provisions authorized in ( and retroactive to the signing of ) February 's stimulus bill .
The agency has suspended the fees it traditionally charges for its loan guarantees , and has increased the percentage of each loan it will back to up to 90 % .
If the small business defaults , the government pays the bank back for the guaranteed portion of the loan .
More than 400 lenders that had n't made a 7 ( a ) loan since at least September have returned to SBA lending since the Recovery Act passed , Stamler said .
Last week , the SBA hit a psychological milestone .
For the first time since August , it approved more than 1,000 7 ( a ) loans in one week .
One promising sign for borrowers seeking loans :
Industry observers say they 're seeing more activity on the secondary market .
Banks that make SBA - backed loans often resell bundles of those loans to other investors .
That market all but froze last fall , cutting many banks off from the capital they needed to keep lending .
But in recent months , secondary - market sales have picked up .
" In addition to help from higher guarantees and fee reductions , the price being paid for SBA loans in the secondary market is increasing and helping fuel increased SBA loan volume at many community banks , " said Paul G. Merski , chief economist for the Independent Community Bankers of America .
" Some of our community bank members are making more SBA loans this year than last . "
Temecula Valley Bancorp ( TMCV ) in California , which was a top - 10 SBA lender last year , dropped out of the SBA program in January because of the poor secondary market conditions .
SBA division head Stephanie Bitters said Temecula has noticed the improvement in the market and said her bank hopes to participate again later this year .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Every year on September 19th , Poseidon rises up from the sea along with a couple Krakken .
Women become wenches , every drink becomes a mug of rum and every cell phone a sword .
Every syllable in the English language becomes hacked up beyond recognition and words such as " yarrgh " and " ye " start finding their way into the lexicon .
By lunch , whole offices are convinced it's the 15th century and they are all sailing the seven seas in the perpetual hunt for treasure .
Way back in 1995 , John " Ol Chumbucket " Baur and Mark " Cap'n Slappy " Summers started talking like pirates on the racquetball court to encourage each other .
They then decided to make a day of it ( almost randomly selecting September 19th . )
For the next seven years they ( along with their friend Brian ) celebrated International Talk Like a Pirate Day pretty much by themselves .
Then this column , written by Dave Barry , was published in 2002 .
And according to the boys , " all hell broke loose . "
International Talk Like a Pirate Day was a hit .
For more on the history of International Talk Like a Pirate Day and how to talk like a pirate , visit the official website .
While pirates were generally reprehensible characters and scoundrels , talking like a pirate is just damn entertaining .
It 's a fun and harmless thing that you can do - for one day out of the year to just mess with routine a bit .
You do n't have to dress up , you do n't have to rape and pillage a village ( yes , I am aware I just made a rhyme .
I 'm keeping it . )
You do n't have to quest through the city for gold and fight a sea monster .
You just have to add in a " yaargh " or " ahoy " here and there and you should be golden .
Not content with the basic FAQ type info on the website I spoke to the two rum soaked scurvy scallywags responsible for International Talk Like a Pirate Day about talking like a pirate , Mike Ditka , Ninjas & pirate beards .
Though , we had to transfer burnt scrolls via carrier pigeon to get all the questions answered .
It took a while and one of the pigeons was cooked and eaten by the crew , but here 's the resulting conversation .
GeekDad :
When will the day come when everyone talks like a pirate every day , not just one day ?
Cap'n Slappy : Takin ' into consideration that most pirates could n't read or write and mistook manatees for mermaids - and multiplyin ' those factors by current test scores o' yer average 5th grader , then , takin ' the square root o' the downward trend in adult population science knowledge and dividin ' it all by the Pi - rate ... ( tee hee ... )
We should all be talkin ' like pirates EVERY DAMN DAY starting March 4th ( it 's not just a day - it's an order ! ) 2033 .
( Give or take a day . )
' Ol Chumbucket :
The popularity of Talk Like a Pirate Day has grown exponentially , from a handful of friends to millions of people on every continent , and our Web site , takes millions of hits every September .
So I can easily see a day when everyone on the planet celebrates the holiday .
And because everyone on the planet will have so much fun talking like pirates just one day a ear , how long can it take , really , before they just start doing it all the time ?
So I think Slappy 's prediction is a worst - case scenario .
It might be a lot sooner , assuming the rum holds out .
GeekDad : Better cabin boy : Chris Elliott or Mr. Smee ?
Cap'n Slappy : Chris Elliott - only because I factor in " smackability " as a positive factor .
' Ol Chumbucket :
This is one o'them trick questions , you sneaky bastard !
What are ye , a ninja or something ?
Mr. Smee was first mate ( and occasionally cook , depending on the version or adaptation ) for Captain Hook , never the cabin boy .
Only officers would have been addressed as Mister .
So Smee 's right out on the cabin boy front .
Plus , he was far too cuddly to ever be taken seriously as a pirate , even when Bob Hoskins played him .
In fact , in the original Barrie play , Wendy says that if she were to have a pirate for a pet , she would choose Smee .
Chris Elliott , on the other hand , is just a doofus , and really , what more do you need in a cabin boy ?
GeekDad : Clearly you 've done a lot of plundering in your time .
Where is the best place for plundering you 've been ?
Cap'n Slappy : Las Vegas - they have machines thar that PUKE money !
And the only people standing watch are drunk pensioners ... kind o' like Walmart , which is number 2 on me list !
' Ol Chumbucket : Aye , Vegas .
Although if you spend all yer time in the casinos , it 's hard to know who 's the plunderer and who 's the plunderee .
GeekDad :
Do you think the current economical climate can be directly linked to the lack of true pirates in the world ?
Cap'n Slappy : No .
Because if that were the case - the booty would have found its way to me by now !
I do , however , believe along with our Pastafarian friends that the decrease in pirate population has contributed dramatically to global warming !
( So , that is at least ONE impact on climate ! )
' Ol Chumbucket : Considering that the overabundance of pirates in the early 18th century nearly killed the global economy , it 's hard to see how you could make the case for the opposite .
GeekDad : The Somalian " Pirates " are giving true Pirates a bad name .
Is n't it about time we blast them out of the water ?
Cap'n Slappy : I recently wrote " An Open Letter to the Somali Pirates " for Pirates Magazine .
In me missive , I suggest that as we 've already claimed the name , " Pirates " that they might be better described as " Sea Thugs " or " Kelp - Festooned Kidnappers . "
I also point out that if they expect Disney to make a movie about them in 300 years , they 'll have to work on their " charm factor ! "
" The blunderbuss " I point out , " announces its presence with authority whilst the AK - 47 is a vulgar fire arm ! "
' Ol Chumbucket : Think of what you 're sayin ' man !
Give pirates " a bad name ! ! "
I would hope our name is so black and sullied that the most a few poor bastards from the wrong coast of Africa could do is burnish it up a little .
I call 'em pirates , but I also call 'em beside the point .
GeekDad : Explain the benefits of rum and other hearty pirate drinks .
Cap'n Slappy : Rum is full o' Vitamin RRRRR !!!
It wards off scurvy , dysentery , beriberi , " the vapors , " and gingivitis .
' Ol Chumbucket : Rum .
It 's not just fer breakfast anymore !
GeekDad :
Who would win in a fight , a pirate ship carrying Mike Ditka or a hurricane named Ditka ?
Cap'n Slappy : Yer question raises some questions ...
Is this " Mike Ditka " restaurateur or " Mike Ditka " world - famous coach of a beloved team we call , " Da Bears ! ? "
Because I gotta give it to Mike Ditka - the coach o' Da Bears !
( Unless Hurricane Ditka was also once an all - pro !
Then , we start lookin ' at choices of weapons and martial arts training as a determining factor . )
' Ol Chumbucket : I 'm sorry , but Mike Ditka ceased to be the international symbol of tough , overwhelming manhood more than a dozen years ago when he posed for that " wedding " photo with Ricky Williams , then went on to do those Levitra commercials .
Put the two images together in yer head – Mike Ditka " marrying " a running back , then taking a drug for erectile dysfunction – and that 'll put any notion of his toughness out of yer head .
Along with any chance of sleep .
The title of international symbol of tough , overwhelming manhood then briefly resided with a string of lesser he -men , from Chuck Norris to Dog the Bounty Hunter .
I 'm afraid the title is currently vacant , although I have applied for the job .
But of course , it 's not a job you can apply for .
You have to just take it .
GeekDad : Speak a bit about the correlation between great beards and great pirates .
Cap'n Slappy : Beards and pirates go together like fat guys and Hawaiian shirts !
Without his luxurious black beard - Blackbeard would have just been known as " Eddie the Pirate . "
Of course , there was Redbeard and Bluebeard and Yellowbeard - the lesser - known but nonetheless dastardly Scottish pirate , Plaidbeard and who can forget the fabulously flamboyant - Rainbowbeard who never called , " battle stations ! " but rather readied his crew for battle by singing , " Places people !
It 's time to SPARKLE ! "
Of course , I , meself , have a magnificent beard ( Salt - n - peppa - beard ) which flaps majestically in the sea breeze and doubles as a man-bib and snack holder .
Ooo !
There 's a chunk of Whopper with cheese now !
Yum !
' Ol Chumbucket : I would just point out that I have several Hawaiian shirts , and I 'm considered the svelte one of the group .
So I 've gotta take umbrage at that ( or take something , I 'm a pirate after all . )
While many of yer top pirates sported fine beards – Blackbeard , Barbarossa ( the real one , not the Disney character with a similar but not quite the same name ) and Cap'n Slappy and meself .
But it 's hardly a requirement .
More of a fashion choice .
The most successful pirate of the golden age , Black Bart Roberts , was a smooth cheeked fella .
In fiction , it 's even more so .
Erroll Flynn had a dandy mustache but hardly any beard at all , just sort of a soul patch .
Capt .
Hook 's pointy thing looks macho compared to Jack Sparrow 's little chin braids .
In fact , Barbosa in the same movie did n't have a beard at all , now did he ?
And Burt Lancaster 's face was as smooth as a baby 's bottom in " The Crimson Pirate . "
Of course , that movie pretty much sucked , but still ,
it was Burt Lancaster .
GeekDad :
How does one get the parrot to stay on the shoulder ?
Cap'n Slappy : Hypnotism .
Failing that .
staples .
' Ol Chumbucket : I had some success with magnets , but I found they tended to draw bullets in my direction .
GeekDad :
How do you feel about Ninjas ?
Cap'n Slappy : I know when ye 're tryin ' to get to sleep , ye 're supposed to count sheep - but I switched to Ninjas because sheep were by far more intelligent and interesting .
' Ol Chumbucket : Truth be told ( why not ? )
I feel sorta sorry for the sneaky little blighters , ye know ?
I mean , this whole " pirates vs. ninjas " thing started because the ninjas were so jealous of our popularity .
It 's really kinda pathetic , do n't ye think ?
Pirates were pretty cool with the whole things , but the ninjas just could n't shut up .
If ninjas are supposed to be silent and invisible , why do n't they just shut up and disappear ?
Now , if you read our book , " The Pirate Life : Unleashing Your Inner Buccaneer , " you 'll find scientific proof that pirates are superior to ninjas ( and lots of other stuff . )
So they 're really is n't any point in continuing the debate , now is there ?
I mean , we 've already proved it scientifically .
In our book .
Which all your readers should buy .
Many copies of , because it 's such a delightful and piratey book .
GeekDad :
Thanks for your time !
As a parting shot , what advice would you give a young pirate , just starting out ?
Cap'n Slappy : Drink plenty o' fluids and be sure to wash your hands !
Wait - that 's how to avoid the flu .
Ah - what the hell ... same advice !
To find out more , and if there is an International Talk Like a Pirate Day event scheduled in your port o' call , visit the website !
Also , be sure to follow Cap'n Slappy on Twitter for sage pirate advice and general shenanigans !
We want to hear how YOU plan on celebrating !
Tell us in the comments !
CAMBRIDGE , Mass .�( CNNMoney.com ) --
Next week , video game developer Harmonix will launch the wildly anticipated The Beatles : Rock Band , uniting one of the most popular video game franchises ever made with history 's biggest rock band .
The collaboration is the work of a 320 - employee company now owned by MTV .
But it was n't so long ago that Harmonix ' founders -- Alex Rigopulos and Eran Egozy , two computer - tinkering hobbyists drawn together by a shared love of music -- were disillusioned upstarts running a struggling company .
The two recently sat down with CNNMoney in their Cambridge office to talk about their bumpy road to success and how they almost failed -- twice .
You two met as graduate students at MIT 's Media Lab .
How did you land there ?
ERAN EGOZY : I was an electrical engineer / computer science undergrad major at MIT , but I also play classical music -- the clarinet .
I 've always had those two interests , which throughout high school and college were separate .
It was n't until I discovered the Lab that I was able to combine those things .
ALEX RIGOPULOS : I came to MIT 's computer music group from the opposite direction .
I was a music composition major and a hobbyist programmer since junior high .
I was a pretty lousy composer -- I knew I would n't go professional .
At that point , I had no idea what I would be doing for a job .
ERAN : For me , you could read the tea leaves if you looked at what I was doing early on .
In junior high , I had an Apple IIe -- remember that thing ?
I wrote a program that could play music on that in machine language .
ALEX : I have never written a line of machine code .
ERAN : I think it was at MIT , working for a professor in this computer music group that combined those two things , that made both of us think ' this is exactly what I want to be doing . '
ALEX : As we were finishing grad school at lab , we were doing work in an area so weird that I figured no one would actually pay me to do it .
Getting a job did n't seem like an option .
Starting a company was the only avenue at my disposal to continue to do the type of work that I wanted to do .
ERAN : We became interested in the idea of using technology to allow non-musicians to express themselves musically .
The big aha !
moment came with this computer music system --
ALEX : That could compose music on the fly , algorithmically .
ERAN : It would generate tunes , play music on its own , sort of composing it as it went along .
At one point during this , Alex was playing flight simulators --
ALEX : Goofing off
ERAN : -- with a joystick to control the airplane , and he said , ' What if we use this joystick to control the music system ? '
After spending a couple of days hooking up the two things , we were able to configure it so people could physically express whatever emotion or idea of music they had in their heads by moving the joystick around .
It made you feel like you were playing music , even if you did n't know how to play an instrument .
ALEX : We demoed the tech at the Lab , which , at the time , had a lot of corporate sponsors such as Sega and Yamaha .
It generated credible enthusiasm -- it seemed magical to people to be able to improvise music that matched what they were hearing in their heads .
Then , after you graduated in 1995 , you launched Harmonix .
ERAN : We raised an initial round of capital from friends and family , meager by today 's standards -- $ 100,000 -- but it lasted us a whole year because I was still living like a grad student .
ALEX : And I was living in my parents ' house .
ERAN : Somewhat selfishly , we just wanted to keep working on the cool things we were doing at the media lab .
Our revenue was pretty much zero for five years .
ALEX : Not quite five -- there was the Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) project , Innovations at Epcot ...
ERAN : Edu-tainment !
I 'm amazed it 's still there .
We did that project -- our first - paying gig -- for Disney in 1998 .
ALEX : Before that , our first product was a PC CD - ROM product , the Axe .
It was n't a game , it was a joystick music improvisation system .
We sold only about 300 copies -- a horrendous failure that led to a painful lesson .
The product made an incredible demo -- everyone who stepped up to try it thought it was magical -- but then , after 15 minutes they lost interest .
You can't really build a business on an entertainment experience that only keeps people entertained for 15 minutes .
But that lead us into the gig with Disney , which instead of a joystick , used infrared sensors to track your hands .
If you moved your hands higher and lower , a musical pitch would rise and fall .
ERAN : The deal put us on the mindset of 'oh , we 're a location - based entertainment company , let 's go off and find the Disneys , Dave & Busters , museums ...'
It was an awful business model .
It turns out that closing a deal in that industry took 12 to 18 months .
We had to find an exit strategy .
And clearly , the way to have Harmonix be successful is through the karaoke industry in Japan -- clear as day !
ALEX : At the time it was !
Karaoke was a $ 10 billion business in Japan .
We figured we'd have this consumer - oriented , low - barrier - to - entry , music - making product and bring our act to the karaoke rooms over there .
ERAN : All the Japanese would be playing music because of us .
ALEX : We tried to make that work for a year and a half .
ERAN : But doing business in Japan is expensive ...
ALEX : And hard ....
ERAN : And for a small company like us , we had no idea what was going on .
It was expensive to get over there , expensive to hire a translator , and we were n't reading the signals very well .
ALEX : They 're so polite -- the words that come out of a Japanese businessperson 's mouth mean something very different than the same words coming from an American businessperson .
At this point , we were well into the summer of 1999 , showing off our music improvisational system at a karaoke trade show .
ERAN : We were busy .
We had hired actors and models , and at one point , I 'm looking around going , ' where 's Alex ?
I do n't see Alex anywhere . '
ALEX : I was watching people interact with our product , and the realization came crashing down on me -- we had spent 18 months on a music system that was fundamentally flawed .
Karaoke is n't about personal expression .
It 's about people reproducing the songs they know as accurately as they can .
The whole notion of adding improvisation elements just was n't connecting .
So I retreated to my hotel room and was depressed for the next two days .
The company was on the rocks .
We had zero revenue .
We had been trying for four years to make something work .
We were out of ideas .
Those first four years had been a graveyard of misstarts and product concepts that never made it anywhere .
Worse , there was adequate information about two years into those four years to realize that our big concept was fatally flawed .
ERAN : The problem was that we did n't want to hear that .
As an entrepreneur , you have to believe in what you 're doing with an against - all - odds mentality -- and , at the same time , listen to what the marketplace is telling you .
You have to adjust if you 're on the wrong path .
ALEX : There 's an entrepreneurial instinct to postpone bad news .
One of the big lessons we learned is that the right way to run a successful business is to run toward the bad news as quickly as possible and find the flaws .
So there you were , in Japan , deflated .
How did you move on ?
ERAN : There was a fairly pivotal moment over there when we saw this form of music game play -- in games like Beatmania and PaRappa and Dance Dance Revolution -- that was really compelling and addictive .
We thought that maybe we should be the music company that takes these types of ideas -- more simple music - making ideas -- and bring them to the U.S .
So , after starting as a music tech company , we became more of a gaming firm .
ALEX : But game development is a different set of talent .
Back home , we laid off 40 % of our employees to start to rebuild .
We had no choice -- we were in a cash pinch .
We were shifting the company strategy away from multimedia creative software to games , and there 's a certain expertise and design sensibility that is very game - specific .
ERAN : So now we begin another series of failures ...
ALEX : Yeah , but at this point we have revenue and were actually paying the bills .
ERAN : The great thing about our first game , Frequency , is that we finally went from cash - neutral to positive .
The standard business model for game development is that a publisher like Sony ( SNE ) or Electronic Arts ( ERTS ) will fund the development of the game , and they 're responsible for marketing , sales , and distribution .
A lot of game development studios are just a couple guys in a garage who do n't have any money .
We were fortunate to have investors behind us -- during our transition we had closed a round of financing and had secured about $ 2 million in the bank -- which meant we were in a much stronger position to negotiate .
For example , we were able to secure a contract that allowed us to keep a lot of the IP behind our games .
That was important because it would allow us to build on past successes .
So tell us about Frequency .
ALEX : In terms of the game itself , Frequency was an electronic rhythm - action game .
You had to play the rhythms correctly but also got to choose what track and instrument you played .
But neither Frequency , nor its successor , Amplitude , was very successful , sales - wise .
ALEX : There were some flaws in the games that we did n't appreciate at the time .
For one , the music was n't mainstream enough .
But a deeper problem was that if you had n't tried out the game , it made no sense .
It was completely mysterious .
We naively believed that if we , backed by a big publisher , created a game that was fun , it would be successful .
What we failed to recognize was that you have to make games that are easily marketable .
We got better with our next set of games , Karaoke Revolution , in which you look at the screen shot and immediately know exactly what the game is all about .
Also , the soundtrack was far more mainstream and pop-y .
How did you land the Karaoke Revolution deal ?
ALEX : Konami came to us .
It was one of three publishers in Japan and it wanted to release a singing game in the U.S.
At that time , we were pretty much the only stateside game developer focused on music games .
Karaoke Revolution was a solid base hit .
It was n't as compelling as Frequency or Amplitude , but its marketability and mainstream music made it much more successful .
So was your big hit , Guitar Hero , an evolution of all these games ?
ALEX : In a sense , yes , but there was one non-music game that we should mention .
It was the EyeToy : AntiGrav , developed for Sony .
It turned out to be the worst - reviewed game from a critical review standpoint , yet it sold four times as well as Frequency and Amplitude .
We got really gloomy .
We started to wonder if everything we were trying to do was just a fool 's errand .
When it came to making music games , we could n't make any money or even a return for our investors .
We were paying the bills , but to go on with the business would have been a departure from the founding premise of the company .
It would have been an emotionally and psychologically crushing defeat .
However , right around that time we were contacted by RedOctane , a small company that had some experience with peripherals .
They said , ' Hey , we love your games .
If we make a guitar controller , will you make the guitar game ? '
ERAN : And we said , ' You betcha ! '
Although back then , peripherals and music games were both niche markets .
ALEX : It was like , how is this going to work ?
ERAN : We did it because the concept was just so compelling .
It was the game we had always wanted to make .
ALEX : And never thought we'd have the opportunity to make !
ERAN : The nice thing about our previous game , Karaoke Revolution , was that you have a mic , you know what to do .
Guitar
Hero was the same thing , a combination of all the different elements .
And it was our first game that started selling like hotcakes .
Month after month it was selling more , which does n't really happen in our industry .
When we saw that February sales were bigger than January 's , we knew something was going on .
ALEX : Around that time , the winter of 2006 -- as Guitar Hero was snowballing -- Activision ( ATVI ) acquired RedOctane .
Suddenly , there were all these game publishers trickling around Harmonix .
We had many suitors , but what was so interesting was that MTV was interested .
They totally ' got ' us as a music company .
Harmonix has always been about music first -- games are a means to an end for us .
And as Guitar Hero continued to explode , it was a question of needing a partner with resources .
MTV acquired you before the end of 2006 .
Did you ever feel that you had sold out ?
ALEX : No , we did n't feel that way at all .
We felt that our time had finally come to compete in the big leagues .
ERAN : I do n't think we would have been able to survive as a company being small and independent .
We really needed someone like MTV , with their financial and marketing resources , to back what we were planning to do next .
ALEX : With MTV as a partner , we were able to make things happen in our games that never would have happened .
For example , I do n't think the Beatles game would exist without MTV 's connections .
My boss , Van Toffler [ the president of MTV Networks ] , is a family friend of the Harrisons .
The whole thing started a few months after MTV bought Harmonix .
Van was vacationing at some Caribbean island over Christmas break and George Harrison 's wife and son , Dhani , were there as well .
One night over dinner , Van commented on how he had n't slept well the night before , and Dhani 's response was something like , " I did n't sleep well either ; I was up all night playing Guitar Hero . "
He started raving about our game , and Van told him that MTV had just bought our company .
Eventually Van introduced us to Dhani and talks got started about collaborating ...
The point is , the fact that the head of the music group at MTV is friends with the Harrisons certainly did n't hurt us .
ERAN : But it still took forever to get that deal done .
Although , by Beatles ' standards , it was pretty fast .
ALEX : On the day we announced the deal , George 's wife , Olivia Harrison , joked that it was the fastest they 'd ever done anything .
Was developing this game -- answering to such a different set of collaborators -- more difficult than what you went through with previous games ?
ALEX : The Beatles : Rock Band is really our first collaboration with a major recording artist .
In terms of the art assets and the story mode and all of the visual aspects , it was us , the two surviving members of the Beatles , Olivia Harrison and Yoko Ono creatively involved in a joint process .
We would come up with a design framework and propose it to them ; they 'd come back to us with feedback on ways they wanted it modified .
There was this cycle of iteration that happened all the way through the project .
ERAN : Down to the minute details of how John Lennon looked in the game .
ALEX : Yoko was sitting on the couch pointing out that no , she wanted John 's eyes to move that way ...
ERAN : We were n't used to working that way , working with material that was so important to someone else as to how it looked to them .
It was difficult .
But their criticism was always spot-on .
For example , Ringo would say , " You know , when I drum , my elbows do n't quite go up that high . "
And a week later we 'd come back to him with a modification .
ALEX : We had some great experiences with Paul McCartney over the story mode part of the game .
What you 'll see is that we added a narrative context around each of the songs you 're playing -- there are bits of trivia swirling around about what was going on in their lives and careers .
Initially , we had put together our own set of these facts -- things like how the haircuts originated and other bits that have been accepted as fact in Beatles mythology over the years -- and brought it to Paul to review .
We went through it moment by moment , and many times Paul was like , " no , it did n't happen that way , " and corrected us .
So one of the fun things about releasing this game is that there 's going to be all this stuff that Beatles superfans will say " you did n't get it right ! , " but in fact we 'll be setting the record straight on some of the fallacies .
You 're also releasing Rock Band Network , which will allow songwriters to upload their own music that can then be played in the game .
ALEX : The model in the past has been us licensing music .
Now we want another platform that will help any band in the universe to get onto the Rock Band platform .
ERAN : We 're changing the way the music industry is working , and we 're hoping there 's going to be this big community around it .
ALEX : By blowing it open so that any musician can get on this platform , it changes the way the world perceives what we do , which is now just an expected part of music entertainment .
If there 's a band you love that releases a new album , you 're not only going to want to go see them in concert or listen to them on your iPod , you 're going to want to play with that music .
Launching Rock Band Network is a way for us to open new fundamental form of music entertainment .
ERAN : One thing we 're proud of :
If you look back to 1995 and read the mission statement of our first business plan , it 's exactly the same as it was today , which is to enable everyone the experience the joy of making music .
That 's what we 've always wanted to do , and it 's been a really tough road to get there .
A long and winding road ...
ALEX : Argh , the metaphor !
ERAN : Argh !
ALEX : As an entrepreneur you never want to lose site of the mountaintop you 're trying to get to , but you have to remain incredibly flexible about the path that you take to get there , which often needs to change direction .
Fortunately , we did n't have to abandon the mountaintop .
So you love what you do ...
ERAN : Of course .
And we do n't think we 're done .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
As you may have noticed from our video anthem Business Intelligence , we enjoy our fair share of rap music here at RJMetrics .
It ’s not a coincidence that many rap stars are also successful entrepreneurs , and lyrics about business and entrepreneurial ambition are rampant in the genre .
Yesterday , my iTunes shuffled its way to “ The Ten Crack Commandments , ” a classic and often - referenced track from The Notorious BIG ’s 1997 double - album ” Life After Death . ”
The track is meant to be a crash - course for would - be crack dealers , but Biggie ’s ten commandments actually add up to some pretty sound business advice for any industry .
I list each of the Ten Crack Commandments below , along with its underlying message for modern business operators .
“ Rule nombre uno : never let no one know how much dough you hold ”
For most companies , there is n’t a tremendous amount of upside to disclosing financials .
As such , few privately held companies choose to do so .
As Biggie says , broadcasting your financial performance can “ breed jealousy , ” increasing operational risks and arming your competitors with a more informed sense of your company ’s weaknesses .
“ Number two : never let ‘ em know your next move ”
Innovation drives long - term business value .
If your company prematurely discloses its strategic plans , it gives your competitors a head - start on emulating or surpassing your innovative strides .
It may be tempting to post your 12 - month plan on the company blog , but beware the strategic edge it provides to your competitors once it ’s out there .
“ Number three : never trust nobody ”
A healthy sense of paranoia is a valuable asset for business operators .
Businesses should take steps to protect their intellectual property , including protection through patents or well - protected trade secrets .
“ Number four : never get high on your own supply ”
Even if you are the only shareholder in your business , you should separate what ’s best for you personally from what ’s best for your company .
If you make suboptimal business decisions for the sake of bettering your personal life , your company will be less likely to succeed .
Another interpretation of this rule is to resist developing a strong emotional commitment to your own ideas .
If you ’re too wrapped up or emotionally invested in any aspect of your business , it wo n’t be easy to modify that idea when it leads you to a better opportunity or strategy .
Sunk costs are sunk , and strategic decisions should be made as such .
“ Number five : never sell no crack where you rest at ”
Biggie is right : your family members are not real customers , and serving them can often do more harm than good .
They will provide an unrealistic sales experience and their feedback will often be skewed by the preexisting relationship .
Also , if you have a desirable product they may feel a sense of entitlement to a discount or freebies .
Granting such requests can hurt your bottom line , but denying them can strain your personal relationships .
“ Number six : that credit … forget it ”
Biggie is warning about the risks of issuing credit to customers before you have enough scale to hedge the associated default risk .
The broader lesson here is to place a strong focus on cash revenue generation while your business is working toward sustained profitability .
Getting cash in the door is extremely important , and anything that delays cash flow will slow down your forward progress .
“ Seven : keep your family and business completely seperated ”
This one does n’t need much translation : work and family do n’t always mix well .
While there are many successful family businesses out there , the cost of things going sour becomes far greater when family is involved .
Do n’t work with your family simply out of convenience– only do it if the increased upside truly outweighs the true costs of failure .
“ Number eight : never keep no weight on you ”
Here , Biggie is driving home the importance of physical security .
Sensitive passwords , documents , products , and prototypes should never be stored or transported ( either digitally or physically ) in a format that could be compromised .
“ Number nine : if you ai n’t gettin bags stay [ away ] from police ”
The company you keep can be misinterpreted by your customers and competitors , and sending the wrong message can put these relationships at risk .
Keep strategic conversations as silent as possible until things are set in stone and it is optimal to make an announcement ( if ever ) .
“ Number ten : consignment [ is ] not for freshmen ”
Accumulating debt prematurely is a bad move for any business .
Both debt and equity financings consume company time and may drive startups to overspend before their plans are fully - baked .
They also put a greater pressure on financial performance , which is only a good thing when a company is confident in their product ’s maturiy and ability to generate returns .
Biggie says it best : “ if you aint got the clientele say ‘ hell no ’ — ’ cause they gon want they money rain , sleet , hail , snow . ”
“ Follow these rules , you ’ll have mad bread to break up ”
This song predates mainstream internet usage but still translates well into the language of today ’s web economy .
I hope at least some of these commandments strike a chord with other entrepreneurs out there .
Until next time , keep it real .
[ Check out our website for amazing analytics dashboards and business intelligence , and follow RJMetrics on Twitter for our latest updates and blog posts . ]
There are very men in history who we can say truly saved the world , but surely Norman Borlaug , who died yesterday at 95 , counts as one of them :
Norman E. Borlaug , the plant scientist who did more than anyone else in the 20th century to teach the world to feed itself and whose work was credited with saving hundreds of millions of lives , died Saturday night .
He was 95 and lived in Dallas .
The cause was complications from cancer , said Kathleen Phillips , a spokeswoman for Texas A&M University , where Dr. Borlaug had served on the faculty since 1984 .
Dr. Borlaug ’s advances in plant breeding led to spectacular success in increasing food production in Latin America and Asia and brought him international acclaim .
In 1970 , he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
He was widely described as the father of the broad agricultural movement called the Green Revolution , though decidedly reluctant to accept the title .
“ A miserable term , ” he said , characteristically shrugging off any air of self - importance .
Yet his work had a far - reaching impact on the lives of millions of people in developing countries .
His breeding of high - yielding crop varieties helped to avert mass famines that were widely predicted in the 1960s , altering the course of history .
Largely because of his work , countries that had been food deficient , like Mexico and India , became self - sufficient in producing cereal grains .
“ More than any other single person of this age , he has helped provide bread for a hungry world , ” the Nobel committee said in presenting him with the Peace Prize .
“ We have made this choice in the hope that providing bread will also give the world peace . ”
The day the award was announced , Dr. Borlaug , vigorous and slender at 56 , was working in a wheat field outside Mexico City when his wife , Margaret , drove up to tell him the news .
“ Someone ’s pulling your leg , ” he replied , according to one of his biographers , Leon Hesser .
Assured that it was true , he kept on working , saying he would celebrate later .
Borlaug ’s achievements are hard to understand as we sit here removed from time and space from when they happened , but they were truly remarkable :
In the late 1960s , most experts were speaking of imminent global famines in which billions would perish .
“ The battle to feed all of humanity is over , ” biologist Paul Ehrlich famously wrote in his 1968 bestseller The Population Bomb .
“ In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now . ”
Ehrlich also said , “ I have yet to meet anyone familiar with the situation who thinks India will be self - sufficient in food by 1971 . ”
He insisted that “ India could n’t possibly feed two hundred million more people by 1980 . ”
But Borlaug and his team were already engaged in the kind of crash program that Ehrlich declared would n’t work .
Their dwarf wheat varieties resisted a wide spectrum of plant pests and diseases and produced two to three times more grain than the traditional varieties .
In 1965 , they had begun a massive campaign to ship the miracle wheat to Pakistan and India and teach local farmers how to cultivate it properly .
By 1968 , when Ehrlich ’s book appeared , the U.S. Agency for International Development had already hailed Borlaug ’s achievement as a “ Green Revolution . ”
In Pakistan , wheat yields rose from 4.6 million tons in 1965 to 8.4 million in 1970 .
In India , they rose from 12.3 million tons to 20 million .
And the yields continue to increase .
Last year , India harvested a record 73.5 million tons of wheat , up 11.5 percent from 1998 .
Since Ehrlich ’s dire predictions in 1968 , India ’s population has more than doubled , its wheat production has more than tripled , and its economy has grown nine - fold .
Soon after Borlaug ’s success with wheat , his colleagues at the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research developed high - yield rice varieties that quickly spread the Green Revolution through most of Asia .
Contrary to Ehrlich ’s bold pronouncements , hundreds of millions did n’t die in massive famines .
India fed far more than 200 million more people , and it was close enough to self - sufficiency in food production by 1971 that Ehrlich discreetly omitted his prediction about that from later editions of The Population Bomb .
The last four decades have seen a “ progress explosion ” that has handily outmatched any “ population explosion . ”
Borlaug , who unfortunately is far less well - known than doom - sayer Ehrlich , is responsible for much of the progress humanity has made against hunger .
Despite occasional local famines caused by armed conflicts or political mischief , food is more abundant and cheaper today than ever before in history , due in large part to the work of Borlaug and his colleagues .
Forty years later , there are entire generations that are alive thanks to the work that Borlaug did .
I ’d say that ’s a pretty damn good accomplishment .
Reason did a great interview with Borlaug that you can read here .
And , here ’s a short video describing Borlaug ’s role in the “ Green Revolution : ”
I can’t decide whether or not this is a Poe .
If it is , it is very well done .
The first few seconds alone are pure gold .
Even if it ’s a joke , and even though I was never Hindu , I ’m pretty sure this is what my high school experience would have been like had I stayed in Tennessee …
( via Cynical - C Blog )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Riot police in the Venezuelan capital , Caracas , have fired tear gas and water cannons at a protest march against a controversial new education law .
The government says the changes to the education law , including making the system officially secular , were long over due .
Will Grant reports from Caracas .
Josef Muller - Brockmann
August 13 , 2009
" One of the twentieth century 's most important graphic designers , the Swiss - born Muller - Brockmann is the father of functional , objective design and an influential figure for generations of designers around the world .
While many of his contemporaries moved to the United States and elsewhere in Europe , Muller - Brockmann based himself in Zurich and established his reputation there .
He adapted his approach to a changing world , moving from an early illustrative style to a modern constructivist approach , making full use of geometrical form and the grid system to provide an underlying structure to graphic work . "
- Kerry William Purcell
William Comiskey
Deputy Commissioner of Tax Enforcement , NYS Department of Taxation and Finance
Personal : Comiskey , 57 , was born in Troy and now lives in Brunswick with his wife , Donna .
He has three grown children — Sean , David and Catherine — who live out of state .
An avid cyclist , Comiskey trained this year for the 500 - mile race through New York state , but ultimately was n't able to make the trek due to a death in the family .
He used to commute by bike from his home in Brunswick to his office on the Harriman state campus , but decided that he prefers the rural scenery of Rensselaer .
" I find it very therapeutic , " he said .
He plays soccer on an " over - 40 " team but said he 's " contemplating an over - 50 team .
Playing in a 40 year - old body is very different from playing as a 57 year - old . "
He also swims and runs .
He was appointed Deputy Commissioner of Tax Enforcement in March 2007 during the Spitzer administration , but has spent most of his career working for government in various enforcement capacities .
Immediately after graduating from Fordham University School of Law , Comiskey clerked for New York Court of Appeals Judge Hugh R. Jones .
He worked as an assistant district attorney in Manhattan and as Chief Assistant District Attorney in Rensselaer County , spent 10 years with the state 's Organized Crime Task Force , and served as chief prosecutor for New York 's physician disciplinary board at the Department of Health .
He prosecuted Medicaid fraud and served as bureau chief in criminal prosecutions in the Attorney General 's office under Eliot Spitzer before moving to Tax and Finance .
What he does :
As deputy commissioner of tax enforcement , Comiskey oversees close to 3,000 employees that include audits and criminal investigations .
At the outset of the interview , Comiskey compliments the reporter 's audio recorder and goes on to talk about the department 's own crime - fighting gadgets :
" Part of enforcement now is a lot of undercover work and we have a lot of interesting toys for capturing voices when people are n't quite aware they 're being recorded .
We have button - hole cameras and it has been really and tremendously revealing .
This year , we 've done a little project on tax preparers .
We go out pretending to be tax preparers ... we 've done it at 170 different tax preparers .
Fifty - one of them have prepared bad returns that are just horribly fraudulent .
I have some transcripts ... here 's one : a tax prepared describes how he 's gonna do a ' ho - hum , no muss , no fuss , simple [ expletive ] return that 's gonna get through the system ' and he 'll never get audited and never get caught .
He underreports income then for two years of about $ 80,000 .
That he knows .
Do you think he knew what he was doing ?
He was selling our investigator as a taxpayer , ' I know how to cheat without getting caught . ' ...
We 've arrested about 20 this year so far .
And there 's lots more in the wings . "
You 've spent nearly your entire career in enforcement , dealing with people who do n't follow the law .
How do you handle the daily outrage ?
" A day does n't go by when I do n't see something that triggers frustration .
Here at tax and finance , the victims of these crimes are the honest taxpayers , those who are doing the right thing .
And they are doubly hurt by people who break the law .
What does government do when there 's a tax gap and it 's running out of money ?
The state turns back to the honest taxpayer .
I 'm one of those people .
We 're squeezed , or we can't pay for essential services .
So outrage , maybe .
Motivated is really my preferred term . "
What 's the goal ?
" We recovered $ 2 billion last year and we expect a similar rate this year .
That money is the small dollars .
The big dollars come from the deterrent effect .
... I see people in three groups .
You have the group of people who will always do the right thing , because that 's how they are wired .
Then you have a much larger group , who do the right thing because of the consequences if they are caught .
Then you have the small group of people who break the rules .
Chasing dollars is what you have to do .
What we 're trying to do is move the little group so you can sway them into voluntary compliance . "
" Ultimately , the goal is to level the playing field so that the honest ones are n't chumps . "
— Irene Jay Liu
Corazon Aquino , the former Philippines president whose " people power " revolt in 1986 ended the repressive 20 - year regime of dictator Ferdinand Marcos , has died .
She was 76 .
In this Aug. 21 , 2007 , file photo , former Philippine president Corazon Aquino attends a mass to commemorate the 24th anniversary of the assassination of her husband .
( ( Bullit Marquez / Associated Press ) )
Her son , Senator Benigno " Noynoy " Aquino III , said his mother died at 3:18 a.m. local time on Saturday .
Aquino was diagnosed with advanced colon cancer last year and had been confined to a Manila hospital for more than a month .
Requiem masses were scheduled for later Saturday , and yellow ribbons were tied on trees around her neighbourhood in Quezon City .
Aquino will lie in state at the De La Salle Catholic school in Manila from Saturday evening to Monday morning , and she will be buried beside her husband at the Manila Memorial Park in a private ceremony Wednesday , her son told reporters .
President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo , who is on an official visit to the United States , remembered Aquino as a " national treasure " who helped lead " a revolution to restore democracy and the rule of law to our nation at a time of great peril . "
" She picked up the standard from the fallen warrior Ninoy and helped lead our nation to a brighter day , " Arroyo said .
The Philippines will observe 10 days of national mourning , she said .
The armed forces of the Philippines said it would accord full military honours during Aquino's wake , including gun salutes and lowering flags to half - mast .
TV stations on Saturday ran footage of Aquino 's years in power together with prayers while her former aides and supporters offered condolences .
" She was headstrong and single - minded in one goal , and that was to remove all vestiges of an entrenched dictatorship , " Raul C. Pangalangan , former dean of the law school at the University of the Philippines , said earlier this year .
" We all owe her in a big way . "
Husband 's assassination sparked Aquino's rise
Aquino's rise began in 1983 when her husband , opposition leader Benigno " Ninoy " Aquino Jr. , was assassinated on the tarmac of Manila 's international airport as he returned from exile in the United States to challenge Marcos , his longtime adversary .
The killing enraged many Filipinos and unleashed a broad - based opposition movement that thrust Aquino into the role of national leader .
With public opposition mounting against Marcos , he stunned the nation in November 1985 by calling a snap election in a bid to shore up his mandate .
The opposition , including then Manila Archbishop Cardinal Jaime L. Sin , urged Aquino to run .
" I do n't know anything about the presidency , " she declared in 1985 , a year before she agreed to run against Marcos , uniting the fractious opposition , the business community and later the armed forces to drive the dictator out .
The vote was held on Feb. 7 , 1986 .
The National Assembly declared Marcos the winner , but journalists , foreign observers and church leaders alleged massive fraud .
With the result in dispute , a group of military officers mutinied against Marcos on Feb. 22 and holed up with a small force in a military camp in Manila .
Over the following three days , hundreds of thousands of Filipinos responded to a call by the Roman Catholic Church to jam the broad highway in front of the camp to prevent an attack by Marcos 's forces .
Aquino publicly supported mutineers
On the third day , against the advice of her security detail , Aquino appeared at the rally alongside the mutineers , led by Defence Minister Juan Ponce Enrile and Lt. Gen.
Fidel Ramos , the military vice chief of staff and Marcos 's cousin .
From a makeshift platform , she declared : " For the first time in the history of the world , a civilian population has been called to defend the military . "
The military chiefs pledged their loyalty to Aquino and charged that Marcos had won the election by fraud .
U.S. President Ronald Reagan , a longtime supporter of Marcos , called on him to resign .
" Attempts to prolong the life of the present regime by violence are futile , " the White House said .
American officials offered to fly Marcos out of the Philippines .
In this Jan. 27 , 1986 , file picture , opposition presidential candidate Corazon Aquino waves from the podium as thousands of supporters cheer during a campaign rally in downtown Manila .
(( Val Rodriguez / Associated Press ) ) On Feb. 25 , Marcos and his family went to the U.S. - run Clark Air Base outside Manila and flew to Hawaii , where he died three years later .
The same day , Aquino was sworn in as the first woman to lead the Philippines .
Over time , the euphoria fizzled as the public became impatient and Aquino more defensive as she struggled to navigate treacherous political waters and build alliances to push her agenda .
The right attacked her for making overtures to communist rebels and the left , for protecting the interests of wealthy landowners .
Aquino's term marked by repeated coup attempts
Aquino signed an agrarian reform bill that virtually exempted large plantations such as her family 's sugar plantation from being distributed to landless farmers .
When farmers protested outside the Malacanang Presidential Palace on Jan. 22 , 1987 , troops opened fire , killing 13 and wounding 100 .
The bloodshed scuttled talks with communist rebels , who had galvanized opposition to Marcos but were n't satisfied with Aquino either .
Her term was punctuated by repeated coup attempts — most staged by the same clique of officers who had risen up against Marcos and felt they had been denied their fair share of power .
The most serious attempt came in December 1989 when only a flyover by U.S. jets prevented mutinous troops from toppling her .
After stepping down in 1992 , Aquino remained active in social and political causes .
Until diagnosed with colon cancer in March 2008 , she joined rallies calling for the resignation of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo over allegations of vote - rigging and corruption .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Aquino " helped bring democracy back " to her country after years of authoritarian rule .
Clinton said Aquino showed " extraordinary courage " following the assassination of her husband .
Clinton said Aquino's " quiet strength and her unshakable commitment to justice and freedom " inspired her and former U.S. president Bill Clinton .
Clinton is sending her condolences to the Philippines and the Aquino family .
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency ( DVLA ) has denied selling millions of registration and vehicle records to Castrol for marketing purposes .
The oil company was using information held on a DVLA database for a controversial roadside advertising campaign .
This has raised questions about the DVLA 's handling of data .
Video cameras captured the registration number of cars travelling on five major routes in London .
These numbers and Castrol 's recommended oil products for the associated vehicles were then flashed on giant billboards .
DVLA data includes the make , year , engine size and model of vehicle , enabling Castrol to make recommendations for each car .
The DVLA forced Castrol to shut down the planned two - week advertising campaign on the fourth day after being alerted by the media .
That information may not used for direct marketing purposes , the DVLA said in a statement .
" As soon as we became aware that vehicle information had been used inappropriately , we contacted the organisation concerned to ensure this was stopped , " the statement said .
The DVLA has also denied that it provided any information to Castrol or received any fee from the company in relation to the advertising campaign .
" We are urgently investigating the case , " the DVLA statement said .
Privacy watchdog the Information Commissioner 's Office said it would not be conducting its own investigation as no personal details are involved .
The DVLA does sell registration and vehicle information to five motor industry data providers for non-marketing purposes .
According to The Mail on Sunday , Castrol and the DVLA are blaming one of the data providers for passing the data to a third party in contravention of the rules .
Both companies are refusing to name the data provider responsible while the DVLA conducts its investigation .
Palm may be forced to give up its repeated attempts to add automatic iTunes syncing to its
Pre smartphone without Apple 's consent .
Palm complained to the USB Implementors Forum ( USB - IF ) about Apple 's attempts to block syncing with non-Apple devices , but the result was a rebuke from USB - IF director Traci Donnell for Palm 's unauthorized use of Apple 's Vendor ID .
When the Pre made its debut , Palm touted a feature called " MediaSync . "
Putting a
Pre in this mode allowed it to automagically sync non-DRM content , including music , photos , and video , with Apple 's iTunes software .
Unlike syncing software for third - party devices , which use the XML - based iTunes Library file to perform similar functions , a Pre in MediaSync mode would report itself to the system over USB Mass Storage Interface as an iPod model .
This clever hack — a result of having numerous former iPod and iPhone engineers working on the Pre — fooled iTunes into thinking it was talking to a real iPod and enabled the automatic syncing .
Apple responded by saying that " newer versions of Apple 's iTunes software may no longer provide syncing functionality with non-Apple digital media players , " and it was n't long before Pre syncing was blocked by the iTunes 8.2.1 update .
It did this by looking at the USB Vendor ID — a special code given to a company by the USB - IF — and blocking anything that did n't have the Apple Vendor ID .
Palm tweaked MediaSync in the webOS 1.1 update so that it used Apple 's Vendor ID , getting around Apple 's block once again .
Palm then sent a complaint to the USB - IF , noting what it characterized as ( ironically enough ) " improper use of the Vendor ID number by another member . "
Unfortunately for Palm , the USB - IF does n't see the issue the same way .
According to a letter from USB - IF director Donnell seen by BusinessWeek , Apple is n't doing anything wrong by only allowing devices with its own Vendor ID .
" Palm 's allegation ( if true ) does not establish that Apple is using its Vendor ID contrary to USB - IF ’s policies , " she wrote .
Furthermore , Palm 's aping of Apple 's Vendor ID is a clear violation of USB - IF policy : " Palm may only use the single Vendor ID issued to Palm for Palm ’s usage ....
Usage of another company 's Vendor ID is specifically precluded . "
Donnell has given
Palm seven days to respond to the ruling , to " clarify its intent . "
But it may just be a moot point ;
Apple has once again blocked Pre syncing in iTunes 9 , even with Palm 's use of Apple 's Vendor ID .
Perhaps
Palm will give up this cat - and - mouse game and write its own syncing application , instead of trying to pass off unsupported hacks as a " feature . "
Getting measurements and values wrong has taken us to the point where the planet ’s survival is at risk , writes JOHN GIBBONS
YOU CAN ’T manage what you do n’t measure .
This well - known management dictum came into focus with the publication last week of a radical new set of proposals from a commission of economists assembled by French president Nicolas Sarkozy .
Since its development in the 1930s , countries have tallied their economic wellbeing almost exclusively by totting up their gross domestic product ( GDP ) figures .
In plain terms , GDP is the measure of the total market value of all goods and services produced in a given economy .
This can have profound policy implications .
Between 2000 and 2008 , GDP in the US rose steadily .
Since this is the figure media , markets and government latch onto , there were few hints of an imminent economic crash .
However , in the same period , the US census data recorded a decline in American household income of about 4 per cent .
GDP was increasing , yet families were getting poorer and personal debt was spiralling .
“ What we measure affects what we do ; if our measurements are flawed , decisions may be distorted , ” according to the commission headed by Nobel - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz .
In pure GDP terms , France , at just 73 per cent of the US , appears significantly poorer .
However , GDP critically ignores the value of services not supplied by the market , such as state - provided healthcare and education or unpaid child care provided by parents .
The French also enjoy more leisure time .
When these are factored back in , France ’s adjusted GDP per person was in fact much closer , at 87 per cent of the US figure .
GDP is unable to distinguish between different kinds of “ activity ” .
The huge cost to the US of incarcerating 2.3 million of its citizens actually boosts national GDP figures , yet it ’s hardly a useful indicator of societal wellbeing .
Similarly , traffic congestion and cleaning up pollution actually boost GDP .
The obsessive focus on “ economic growth ” has become so ingrained a mantra that you would struggle to find an Irish economist or Government minister capable of completing more than two sentences without incanting it .
The charge towards growth - at - all - costs has driven dangerous risk - taking , chronic over - consumption and resource depletion , according to Mr Sarkozy .
“ Choices between promoting GDP and protecting the environment may be false choices , ” the commission says , “ once environmental degradation is appropriately included in our measurement of economic performance . ”
Economists and policymakers in Ireland and elsewhere were dazzled by apparently unstoppable economic growth between 2004 - 2007 .
By using the incomplete measure of GDP , they had been blindsided to the signs of collapse – growing economic and ecological debt – that are glaringly obvious once you know what you ’re looking for .
The market prices that underpinned our recent boom were also grossly distorted by the fact that there is no charge imposed on carbon emissions , and national income accounts fail to factor in these “ externalities ” .
Similarly , the cultish pursuit of GDP has been foisted by the rich world on developing countries , who “ may be encouraged to allow a foreign company to develop a mine , even though the country receives low royalties , the environment may be degraded , and miners may suffer health hazards , because by doing so , GDP will be increased ” , says the report .
Sustainability asks one simple question : can we at least maintain our current level of wellbeing for future generations ?
The answers are not reassuring .
A UN / World Bank study in 2008 tallied total economic losses from overfishing at $ 50 billion a year .
However , catastrophic fishing practices perversely also boost GDP .
Quite soon , there will literally be no fish worth catching , yet the way we measure actually champions this atavistic behaviour .
“ It ’s ideas that determine the directions in which civilisations go , ” said philosopher John Ralston Saul .
“ If you do n’t get your ideas right , it does n’t matter what policies you try to put in place . ”
The 2008 World Values Survey polled 350,000 people in 97 countries , and identified the Danes as the world ’s most contented citizens .
It found that freedom of choice , gender equality and increased tolerance correlate strongly with increases in people ’s perception of happiness .
Wealth is of course important , but no more so than access to healthcare and education .
The US , which is ranked the world ’s number one country by GDP , slumps to 16th in the values survey .
Clearly , money is n’t everything , and within the US , high GDP figures mask tremendous inequalities in income .
In Latin America , strong social solidarity among the poor leads to surprisingly high levels of happiness .
Getting our measurements – and values – wrong has taken us to the brink .
Speaking after this week ’s UN climate conference in New York , Taoiseach Brian Cowen warned failure to immediately tackle global warming would “ put at risk the survival of the planet ” .
Whether this truly signals a radical shift in the Irish political mindset or is simply more eco-ventriloquism will become clearer when the budget is published in December .
The article “ Tradegy of the Commons ” was originally written in 1968 by Garrett Hardin for the journal “ Science ” .
Hardin lent his insights to the concept of the commons .
The article was written with the topic of world population and its effect on the environment in mind .
In the example of the portion of the article that is so often drawn upon by opponets of any form of common ownership , pasture land is utilized in common by a group of herders .
Hardin points out that self interest would prompt one herder to add an extra animal to his fold .
The benefit to the particular herdsman would be the full return from the extra animal while the loss to the other common herdsmen is much smaller : the gain of the one individual divided by the total number of herdsmen .
From this , Harden expounds that the individual gains much by overgrazing , while bearing only a small proportion of the overall loss that is shared by all others .
The other herders can only come to this same conclusion and add extra animals , ad infinitum .
Thus , Hardin ’s tragedy occurs : unbridled individual use of a commonly held resource to the detriment of all others and the depletion of a limited common resource .
Hardin later noted that he should have titled the article “ The Tragedy of the Unregulated Commons ” .
He proposed that population density necessitated forceful hierarchical control of what was common to everyone : land , the air , the seas , even the views we all share .
He also stated in his article that “ private property or something formally like it ” helps to avert this overuse of the commons .
But , he failed to differentiate between different facets and types of private property , such as property held by governments or corporations ; both examples of collectively owned property .
History has shown us that while top down regulation of property does indeed benefit those who are doing the regulating , it certainly does n’t insure that the property itself will be left in a condition that could be considered sustainable .
There are numerous historical examples of this in fascist and socialist nation states , where authoritarian control of land and resources has resulted in depletion of resources and degradation of land .
Hardin ignored countless sucessful examples of common property evident throughout history that have not relied on vertical control , but rather the horizontal control that is inherent in traditional common ownership .
While Hardin noted that it matters little what one takes from the commons when population is low and the effects to others would be minimal , he never acknowledged that common ownership was sucessful in many well populated areas of the world , such as Europe and Asia : where large quantities of common land were maintained in sustainable condition for centuries .
Before the enclosure system was enforced in England , farmers had stewarded the same plots for up to a thousand years and while no system of ownership is perfect , they were still havesting common lands sucessfully when they were rudely interrupted by the enclosure movement .
It was n’t the tradegy of common ownership that ended the commonwealth property form in Europe , as Hardin hinted , but instead a forceful state takeover of the commons and subsequent redistribution of the land to the aristocracy .
Hardin ’s assumption and apologist historical accounts would have us believe that the enclosure system was a result of freely spread ideas conjured up to deal with Hardin ’s tragic condition .
In reality , it was a massive agressive display of eminent domain ; nothing other than the confiscation by force of that which was already owned .
What Hardin also omitted was the modern tradegy of collective ownership , which is so much the modus operanda of state capitalism and which certainly was in full force at the time of his writing .
The tradegy that occurs repeatedly as forceful governments take over productive land already occupied and appropriate it as state property .
Although the state tenure of ownership was quite short , this is identical to what happened during the enclosure period .
Once this alienated property is appropriated by governments , it is either doled out directly in totalitarian regimes through fraudulent title or indirectly through controlled auctions to over capitalized corporations in so called “ free market ” economies .
Once these corporations have title or access , they quickly extract all value and move on to the next parcel .
Whether the land remains under title or is rented during the occupation is irrelevant .
This , of course , is not legitimante private property at all .
It could very easily be categorized under the umbrella of collective property .
Force is initiated by those in power to appropriate the property , which is then placed under the control of the corporation , which is a collective owned by numerous shareholders who have no direct control over the firm or any actual rights to the firm ’s assets , including the property .
To be completely truthful , all corporate land acquisition does not occur in this manner , but the fact that much has in the past and the practice is ongoing certainly should bring into question present acquisitions that rely on capital accumulated from past profits derived in this manner .
Collective corporate firms hold direct title or access to vast tracts of land all over the world .
While the largest landowners in the world are governments , with few exceptions they allow resource and land corporations free or highly discounted access and / or outright ownership to their property holdings .
This is a primary supportive pillar of what is erroneously referred to as the “ free market ” , the transfer of land wealth from government to the corporation .
As mentioned , the purpose of this land acquisition is not to preserve collectively owned property and resources for a sustained output into the future for its collective owners , but to extract as much value as quickly as possible .
In barely a couple of centuries , the corporate collective system of property ownership has depleted land and resources at a rate that common ownership could not accomplish in the span of over a thousand years .
Yet , Hardin completely ignored this fact .
This depletion of resource and degradation of land property has occurred with neither the approval or disapproval of the corporation ’s entitiled owners , the shareholders .
Whether the shareholder approves of the specific use of the corporation ’s property is of no concern to the corporation .
Decisions are made by a select few at the top of the hierarchical framework , who themselves have little or no working knowledge of the property and who may even live on a distant continent .
This hierarchical chain of command is vertical collectivism in its purest form .
Vertical organization lies in very sharp contrast to the horizontal organization of common ownership .
This vertical authority is also similar to the type of organizational structure Hardin suggested would solve mankind ’s social problems , but hardly the outcome he envisioned .
Why would Hardin miss this connection in the first place when he was writing an article on something so related ?
Hardin made it perfectly clear he believed that humans cannot come to solutions from their own volition .
He distinguishes between choices made by appealing to the conscious of the individual and those made by responsibility , which he saw linked with the use or threat of force .
When one believes that vertical authority is necessary {a word he repeatedly used} , it is very convenient to overlook any evidence that shows that coercive vertical authority is bringing to fruition exactly that which you are trying to avoid : the depletion of the world ’s resources .
Hardin ends his article by making it perfectly clear that he did not believe that humans could be relied upon to make individual choices that would lead to a sustainable population .
He believed that choice should be made by selected leaders or groups who had the authority necessary to accomplish this goal .
With beliefs such as these , it is easy to distill that Hardin would have absolutely no faith in individuals being able to manage land in a sustainable manner , left to their own devices .
He obviously conveyed his belief that an overwhelming mass of humanity necessitates a greater , all knowing authority to guide it not only in matters of land and resource management , but interesting enough , in the bedroom .
Hardin obviously holds an elitist worldview : the belief that selected special individuals should be called upon to lead the wandering masses .
Yet , he ignored what these special individuals had already done and are presently doing to attain the opposite goal he was interested in .
He ignored the past sucesses of common property ownership and blatantly ignored the devestating environmental effect the collective property ownership of governments and large corporations .
have caused .
Se le imputa además el homicidio de Benjamín LeBarón y otro líder mormón en Galeana
En Matamoros , cinco enfrentamientos entre efectivos castrenses y delincuentes en dos días
Tiroteos causan el cierre en 3 ocasiones de puente internacional que comunica con Brownsville
<
When Voting News reported on on ES&S acquiring Premier Election Solutions , they commented , " Monopoly anyone ? "
But this acquisition is just wrong on so many levels .
Yes , the monopoly .
ES&S 's website boasts that ES&S voting systems counted approximately 50 % of the votes in the last four major elections .
67 million registered voters vote on ES&S machines .
97 K iVotronic touch screens are installed in 20 states and approximately 30 K scanner tabulators are installed in 43 states and worldwide .
While Premier Election Solutions ( Diebold ) Global Election Management System ( GEMS ) is used in more than 1,000 election environments throughout North America .
While the acquisition of Premier indeed adds munitions to ES&S 's arsenal .
The monopoly is but a part of the troubling equation .
Consider the Government Accountability Office 's ( GOA ) stunted investigation of Sarasota 's 2006 District 13 with its 18,000 missing votes .
While the investigation fizzled with inconclusive results and investigative paths not taken , the initial findings of the investigation revealed an end - to - end ES&S election process lacking good business practices and void of independent checks and balances .
ES&S virtually owns the election process .
ES&S manufactures the machines , produces test data , defines the testing process , counts the votes , determines the winner , and declares the election valid .
While Florida 's Secretary of State and Sarasota 's Supervisor of Elections simply follow the ES&S directions . ( 1 )
Consider the absence of election laws and comprehensive processes that recognize bogus election results and mandate clear and immediate corrective action .
This void has actually enabled election blunders since 2000 .
More importantly , the lapse in business standards in tandem with the absence of such laws make it all the more possible for a lone techie , a company insider to slip some crafty little program code into the election program mix .
As long as this techie stays smart and keeps the win within the margin of error he or she can effectively alter and even spot control election results .
Consider the technical challenges experienced by these two companies .
Nine states reported voting problems with their Diebold equipment , including : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Georgia , Iowa , Maryland , Ohio , Utah , Virginia .
Eight states reported problems with their ES&S voting equipment : Arkansas , Indiana , Kansas , Minnesota , North Carolina , Ohio , Wisconsin , and West Virginia .
And five states reported voting problems with both ES&S and Diebold voting equipment : Florida , Indiana , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , and Texas . ( 2 )
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
BMW has officially launched the new range of High - Security for the 7 Series , only to be the political class and the global elite .
The new sedan benefit mainly of ballistic protection against most weapons that could be used in an attack .
In an effort to provide the highest level of protection , BMW equips cars with special elements for reinforcement of the chassis , bulletproof glass and uses many other methods to protect the car against any attacks that may occur .
BMW 7 Series High Security
Like equipment , the new 7 Series High Security benefits from the vast majority of equipment that can be ordered on a copy of the series , including an intercommunication system , a satellite alarm and a special system with air in case of gas attacks .
High Security can be equipped with a support weapon positioned in the center console , detail important enough , apparently , with these models .
The new 7 Series can be ordered in two engine variants – 750Li and 760 Li , prices not yet disclosed .
Salpinx , barbiton , aulos , syrinx .
Never heard them ?
Never heard of them ?
Neither had anyone else , for centuries .
Until now .
These were all musical instruments , familiar to ancient civilizations but long since forgotten .
Ancient instruments can be lost because they are too difficult to build , or too difficult to play , but they can be heard again thanks to the ASTRA ( Ancient instruments Sound / Timbre Reconstruction Application ) team .
These researchers accomplish this feat using computer modeling and grid technology – the shared resources of a distributed network of hundreds of computers .
Having successfully reconstructed the sound of an earlier instrument called the “ epigonion , ” ASTRA is working on a whole host of other lost instruments including the salpinx ( a kind of ancient trumpet ) , the barbiton ( an ancient base guitar ) , the aulos ( an ancient oboe ) and the syrinx ( a pan flute ) .
More ancient instruments are to be heard soon , after the organization ’s official Lost Sounds Orchestra finishes its preparations for a unique performance towards the end of summer .
In many respects , ASTRA ’s Lost Sounds Orchestra is like any other orchestra — with real musicians , rehearsals and performances — except its goal is to offer its audience a completely new world of music .
The sounds of the barbiton and the salpinx are currently being finalized , while a guitar player is familiarizing himself with both the epigonion and the barbiton using his specially adapted electric MIDI guitar , which has been programmed with the lost sounds .
The sounds of even more instruments , such as an ancient lower Mediterranean frame drum , should also be completed by the end of summer .
Do you want more money and success but hate talking about it ?
I'm Misty Lynch - Certified Financial Planner® , Life Coach , and host of Modern Money with Misty Lynch .
Join me live each Sunday at 2 pm on Boston 's WRKO680 and iHeartRadio streaming worldwide for unforgettable conversations about money and business .
Every week , we share small steps you can take right now to elevate your wealth .
Stealing 130 Million Credit Card Numbers
Someone has been charged with stealing 130 million credit card numbers .
Yes , it ’s a lot , but that ’s the sort of quantities credit card numbers come in .
They come by the millions , in large database files .
Even if you only want ten , you have to steal millions .
I ’m sure every one of us has a credit card in our wallet whose number has been stolen .
It ’ll probably never be used for fraudulent purposes , but it ’s in some stolen database somewhere .
Years ago , when giving advice on how to avoid identity theft , I would tell people to shred their trash .
Today , that advice is completely obsolete .
No one steals credit card numbers one by one out of the trash when they can be stolen by the millions from merchant databases .
Posted on August 27 , 2009 at 7:02 AM • 46 Comments
Foundring is the moniker of singer - songwriter Kylan K. , b. 1985 in California .
Classically trained on the piano and violin , his music is also influenced by jazz and experimental rock , including bands like Sigur Rós , Radiohead , Spiritualized / Spacemen 3 , The Microphones , and The Brian Jonestown Massacre , and pianists like Art Tatum , Keith Jarrett , Bill Evans , and Oscar Peterson .
Being an accomplished pianist / keyboardist , his music is heavily synth - laden , and displays an often atmospheric quality that coexists well with his vocals , which draw from Thom Yorke , Jeff Buckley , Conor Oberst … read more
The movie director Niccolo has just been left by his wife .
This gives him the idea of making a movie about women 's relationships .
He starts to search for a woman who can play the leading ...
See full summary »
Fox News posted an astonishing 50 % jump in profit last quarter amid a disastrous advertising recession , and it 's basically the only thing making money in Rupert Murdoch 's empire .
Why ?
Because the GOP has cratered .
Fox News ' viewership is up 45 % over the last year , and it 's easy to see why :
The ascendancy of a charismatic black Democrat has driven frightened , paranoid , enraged , nativist zealots into the ideological embrace of an outlet that habitually reconfirms everything they already believe .
Watching Glenn
Beck 's spell - binding sermons on Barack Obama 's racism is comforting to people who believe that their way of life — namely , one in which fatherly white Christians protect us from danger both internal and external — is under attack .
So they do it more frequently .
Tuning into Hannity et.al. becomes a life - affirming political act .
But while cable news is niche , politics is mass .
The chart above shows GOP party approval in as reported by New York Times / CBS in national polls going back to 2006 and Fox News ' total primetime audience , in millions , over the same time period .
Fox News can and does thrive with a primetime audience of 2.5 million , many of which are the aforementioned zealots .
The Republican Party needs more than that to function electorally .
And the aforementioned angry zealotry that 's in vogue on Fox News is distasteful to the independent voters that the GOP needs to court .
Unfortunately for Republicans and fortunately for Roger Ailes , a feedback loop has been created :
As disaffected conservatives turn increasingly to Fox News , Fox News caters its programming to keep them coming back , turning , for instance , the Tea Parties into a daylong televised festival of rage .
But given
Fox 's well - earned brand identification with the Republican Party , and vice versa , that programming serves to promote a view of Republicans as angry white people who hate Puerto Rican judges .
Which turns off independent voters , which further isolates the diehard rejectionist wing of the party , which increases the importance of Fox News in their lives as a reassuring voice telling them to be strong in the face of the barbarian hordes — or , as Glenn Beck puts it , " We surround them . "
The more viewers
Fox attracts , the more voters the GOP repels .
And the more voters the GOP repels , the more viewers Fox attracts .
The most important part of the dynamic is that Fox News has no interest in doing anything other than attracting viewers .
It will continue to ride this wave of anger and resentment irrespective of what impact it has on the Republican Party until it stops making them money .
And yes , Barack Obama 's popularity is dropping , and the bloom is beginning to come off the rose .
But the GOP has n't seen a concomitant rise in popularity : Just yesterday it hit the lowest approval rating it has seen in a quarter century , according to the New York Times .
Graphic by Steven Dressler .
10 QUESTIONS I HAVE FOR SCIENCE
1 . In the not - too - distant future , a tree will fall in the forest .
Is there any chance it will have been knocked over by some kind of rampaging robot ?
2 . When the world ’s armies are finally equipped with laser rifles , how difficult will it be for a civilian to get his hands on one , and do you think it would totally blow up a squirrel or just burn a hole in it ?
3. Hypothetical situation : a gigantic black hole is about to swallow the Earth .
All human life is doomed .
Question : would you happen to know any women who do n’t want to spend their last few hours alone ?
If so , could you give them my number and tell them a gigantic black hole is on its way ?
4 . Let ’s say a 150 lb. man and a 2,000 lb. futuristic battle robot are both dropped from a tall building at the same moment .
Would they strike the ground simultaneously , or would the robot totally vaporize the man with a destructo beam before they even get halfway down ?
5 . If I were to take a newborn baby to a remote cabin furnished only with 19th Century technology , and if I were to keep him completely ignorant of the actual day and age , and if , on his 18th birthday , I suddenly revealed it was in fact the 21st Century and told him about all the modern wonders he ’s missed out on — including radio , TV , computers , iPods , and smallpox vaccinations — would that be considered a scientific experiment or just extreme cruelty ?
Either way , would n’t you love to see the look on his face ?
6 . Have you come up with a logical explanation for spontaneous combustion yet , or a way to cause it in people I do n’t like ?
7 . If I were to ride in a rocket ship traveling at the speed of light , and I return to Earth one year later , how many decades will have passed on Earth during that time ?
Enough that they ’ll have invented sex robots ?
Or should I get back in the rocket for another few weeks or so ?
8 . I ’ve heard that time travel will probably never actually be possible , so it seems the only way to achieve such a feat would be that experiment with the newborn baby , who in effect will be traveling 200 years into the future .
Do you have a remote cabin I could rent ?
9 . Hypothetical situation : a team of scientists is experimenting with alpha rays , or whatever .
Some guy accidentally breaks into the lab and gets hit with the rays , turning him invisible to the naked eye and allowing him to partake in all sorts of mischief .
Question : would the guy eventually turn into a half - insane monster who ca n’t relate to regular people anymore and find himself chased by the authorities , or would he retain his humanity and maybe everyone should just get off his back and let him have a little fun ?
I say the second one , and would like to know where I can send a donation for the advancement of research into alpha rays , or whatever .
10 . Planck ’s Constant — anything to do with robots ?
Speaker of the House
Feared and loathed by many , she 's the force behind efforts to overhaul entire sectors like health care and energy .
And while the Senate serves as a check on her authority , no one crosses Pelosi without regretting it .
Last week U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan sent a forceful letter to mortgage servicers that essentially stated that they were not pleased with the amount of loan modifications taking place .
Now I find it hard to believe that our U.S. Treasury with its brotherhood with the Federal Reserve has a hard time advocating such a simple policy .
They have the power to circumvent the mortgage industry and Wall Street given that they have bailed out these sectors of the economy .
Did they conveniently forget that we nationalized ( whoops , put into conservatorship ) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which now is the U.S. mortgage industry ?
Yet in this bread and circus show we get another example of who is really running the show .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve are working for Wall Street and the banking industry , not the American public .
One of the baffling items in the Making Homes Affordable initiative is the desire to help out with second lien mortgages .
After reading the details of the program , I could n’t help but have the Jack in the Box commercial theme running in the background , “ … mini option ARMs ! ”
First lien , second lien , and what else ?
The solution apparently is to make these loan mods into Alt - A or option ARM products .
By the way , those Alt - A loans are now imploding at a higher rate than subprime with bigger balances .
Who would have figured giving out toxic nuclear waste mortgages would cause so much pain ?
The irony must be clear to others because people take out second liens on their homes to make them more unaffordable .
That is , they increase the overall debt they owe .
In the real world people are still doubtful of the future of housing :
Now I have stated in a few examples , like a home Culver City and another in Palms how people used their homes like equity ATMs .
There is no basis for bailing out second liens .
It is incredible that we are now moving down the path of bailing out loans in which people took vacations , added Jacuzzis to their homes , or even bought a luxury vehicle .
Their idea of fixing this problem is making you pay for your 60 ″ flat screen 30 years into the future .
What does that have to do with making homes more affordable ?
The tragic consequence of this housing bubble bursting is that in fact with prices falling , homes are indeed becoming more affordable .
If the goal is for homes to be affordable then trying to prop home prices up is a bad decision .
Yet aiding second liens or as I like to call them , mini option ARMs , is a very bad financial decision .
Let us examine two scenarios presented to us from the U.S. Treasury :
My first argument would be what in the world was “ Family A ” doing taking out a $ 45,000 second on their home ?
Heck , I ’ve bought homes that are cheaper than $ 45,000 !
But let us set aside those tidbits for a moment because the government here is lowering the monthly payment down to $ 154 a month for a $ 45,000 note !
How many of you would like to get $ 45,000 for $ 154 a month ?
This is insanity .
What is being implicitly stated here by the U.S.
Treasury is they do n’t expect this family to ever pay this mortgage back .
Their idea is that by giving someone a mini option ARM that they ’ll be able to sell the home in 5 years for a higher price and the new buyer will simply roll the 1st and 2nd into one note and all will be well .
I am amazed that our idea of fixing the mortgage crisis is by modifying loans to become option ARMs .
And what will the rate be in 5 years ?
It will certainly be higher than the 1 percent teaser rate .
In 5 years ( 2014 ) the balance will be $ 37,000 yet who is paying for that low interest rate ?
If the government is backing this up it is pure highway robbery .
Let us look at another family example :
If you thought the first case was insane just look at “ Family B ” who took out an interest - only second mortgage to the tune of $ 60,000 .
Maybe they needed a new pool with a water fountain ( hey , if we ’re going to be in a recession you might as well stay cool ) .
Interest - only loans are absolutely toxic junk and many Alt - A loans went this way yet here we are looking to modify this crap .
You really have to be careful here because the devil is in the details .
First , the initial term was over 12 years at 4.4 % .
Let us run those numbers first :
The data above is for a 12 year note that includes both principal and interest .
So if this is an interest only mortgage , the payment is not $ 537 ( P + I ) a month but is set at $ 220 ( I only ) a month .
This is the same backward logic that has now setup the Alt - A and option ARM tsunami yet our solution is to just increase the term .
They make this example play out so well .
Their solution ?
Increase the term to 27 years and drop the rate to 2 percent .
One tiny question ?
Who is making up the payment ?
Now from the perspective of a lender , why in the world would you want to give someone a 1 percent note ?
This is like the government forcing a landlord to push rents down to $ 400 yet he is paying $ 700 on the mortgage .
Any investor is going to want to recoup that additional loss .
If the government is making up that shortfall , this would be simply another crony idea to help the housing industry .
And the underlying theme is what is even more disturbing .
What is being said is that no one has the intention of ever paying this money back .
Is anyone concerned about taking a 12 year second and taking it to a 27 year term ?
This is a second mortgage by the way , not a first mortgage which is even more baffling .
Time to create millions of renters not only on real estate but on televisions , pools , vacations , cars , upgrades , etc .
Because when you only pay the interest , you are basically paying rent .
This kind of thinking is financially irresponsible .
As a general rule , any money you can get your hands on for less than 3 percent is usually a good take .
That is why these 1 and 2 percent mortgage refinances are flat out giving money away and not doing anything to adjust the principal .
I mean think about it .
If I had access to $ 1,000,000 in cash right now at 1 percent with a 30 year term , I ’d take it in a second .
After all , the intent is never to pay it back at an accelerated pace .
Just more logic from the banking and housing industry .
And if you think the crony banking system is going to shoulder that additional gap think again :
“ ( Bloomberg )
It is well understood that the four major banks would likely need an additional capital injection should they be forced to mark the second - lien mortgages on their balance sheets to a realistic value , ” Greenwich Financial ’s Frey said .
While under the Home Affordable program , servicers must offer the Hope for Homeowners aid to eligible borrowers , the plan otherwise does n’t call for first - mortgage balance reductions , focusing instead on reducing housing payments to 31 percent of borrowers ’ pay .
Lawmakers authorized the FHA program last year , and then revised rules in May after limited use . ”
This is such absolute nonsense .
They ’ll need additional capital injections ?
Screw them .
Seriously , are we now going to bailout second mortgages on top of all the trillions committed to the utterly corrupt banking sector ?
The fact that you might have some lenders taking capital injections to reduce 2nd liens while leaving 1st mortgages intact is simply backward beyond any sensible financial policy .
My gut feelings when the private - public investment program was announced are being sadly confirmed .
That is , the government is going to stretch these toxic mortgages out long enough until they can figure out a way to dump these into the taxpayer ’s wallet .
And keep in mind , lowering rates does have a cost .
How so ?
With all the capital injections and debt you will be paying through this from loss in savings ( since rates are artificially low ) and also through the annihilation of the US dollar .
This was done with the S&L crisis and will be done again .
Here is a chart with a very subtle trend :
I think the next prudent step to take is to jump on some interest - only seconds and load up on wheelbarrows since that is probably how we are going to be paying for groceries in the next decade .
The fact that a plan for second mortgages is even on the table is pure lunacy .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
unladen - swallowのissue を見て、ちょっと気になったので、昨今のハッシュ関数の事情を調べていたのですが、 一言でいうと、難しい、です。
Pythonのハッシュ関数は、今でも FNV っぽいアルゴリズムを用いています。 ただし、実際には独立して開発されていて、たまたま似ているというだけだそうです。
で、 Hash functions :
An empirical comparison なんかを見ると、 Murmur2 が汎用的には奨励されていて、 FNV よりも大体速くて、場合によっては衝突も少ないという結果が出ているみたいです。
では、な ぜPythonがあいもかわらずFNVっぽいのかというと、
Python 3000 のハッシュアルゴリズムの議論 でも見られるように、 「 ランダムなハッシュ関数は望ましくない（かもしれない）」というのが根拠らしいです。
つまり、似たようなキーがあったとき、ちょっとずつハッシュ値がずれてくれる方が、特にdictが小さいときに、衝突が減少するので、似たようなキーがランダムに散らばるよりも、性能が高いということです。
この辺の議論はなかなか複雑で、ハッシュ関数の特性に求められることとして、
計算が高速であること。
値域が広いこと（例えば、64-bit空間に広がる等）。
衝突が少ないこと 。
等など、さまざまな要素があげられますが、連想配列に適用する場合、さらに、
丸められた値域の中で衝突が少ないこと（連想配列のサイズは通常ハッシュ関数の値空間よりも小さいから）。
丸められた値域の中で一様に広がること（メモリ効率のため）。
等が付け加わります。 逆に、連想配列では、暗号等で求められるような、同じハッシュ値を持つキーが作りにくいという要求はあまり高くありません。 もちろん 、DoS問題とかもあるんですが、ここではその問題は無視することにします。
Murmurの問題は、乱数性能が高くて、下位1ビットを変えるだけで、全然違うハッシュ値になってしまうことです。 そうすると、a、b、cみたいな似たようなキーばかりやってくると、
連想配列中で衝突する可能性が高くなります。
しかし、特にdictが大きくなってくると、丸めて衝突する確率が下がるので、問題はむしろクラスタリングが発生することです。
クラスタリングとは、連想配列に含まれる要素が局所的に集まってしまって、衝突が増大し、かつ、使われないバケットが増えてしまう状態です。
これを避けるには、元のハッシュ値がうまく散らばってくれないといけません。
ですから、この種の問題は常に使い方や目的に依存していて、
何を重視し、何を軽視するかというバランスの取り方の問題になります。
CPythonはdict使いまくりの処理系であるため、 小さいdictが大量に発生しやすく、そこに最適化しています。
ですが、だからといって、本当に現状のままが最善なのか、簡単にはわかりません。
Murmurでランダムな値になって発生する衝突率の増大が、 Murmurの高速動作と比べてどうなのか、 dictが大きくなった時の衝突率の増大によって、
その利点が帳消になっていないのか、 こういうことをちゃんと調べてみないとわからないわけです。
自分で調べるのは面倒くさかったので、 とりあえず他がどうしているのか知りたくて、 Rubyを覗いてみることにしました。
最近 のRubyはすで にMurmurを使ってます。 これは レポジトリを眺めて、すぐにわかりました。 ですが、ここからはわからないことだらけです。 最初のコミット を見ても、そうしたとしか書いていなくて、どうしてそうしたかったのかが書かれていません。 成瀬さんが提案されている にもかかわらず、古い方のマジックナンバーが使われていたり、 その方がよいからそうしているのか、ただ変更していないだけなのか、
最 近Rubyの開発を全く追いかけていない私にはよくわかりませんでした。
なので 、RubyからわかったことはMurmurを使っている、そのことだけでした。
Pythonでもそれほど定量的な解析がなされているわけでもなさそうだったので、
五十歩百歩なんですが、 せっかく覗いたのに情報が得られなかったのはちょっと残念です。
もっとも 、Ruby とPythonではかなり事情が違うので、
仮にわかったとしても、そのままPythonに当てはまるわけでもありません。
Ruby のArrayは（自分の記憶では）chainingを使っているはずですし、
Pythonのdictはopenですから、衝突のコストや分布に求められる特性も自ずと違うものになるでしょう。 また 、Pythonは32-bitのハッシュ値をopen arrayに押し込んで、 文字列比較をできるだけサボろうとしていますので、
元のハッシュ値が32-bit空間でどれだけうまく散らばっているかが、 かなり重要です（Rubyがここんところをどうしていたかは全然覚えてません）。
自分で少し実験してみてもいいんですが、 最初やりかったことから、またかなり脱線してしまっているので、
誰かがやってくれることを期待して、 止めておきたいと思います。
How healthcare revealed the sickness of our political system .
" Among the numerous advantages promised by a well - constructed union , none deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control the violence of faction , " James Madison wrote in Federalist Number 10 .
" The friend of popular governments never finds himself so much alarmed for their character and fate as when he contemplates their propensity to this dangerous vice . "
Consider us alarmed .
Our sense of alarm has been growing for some time .
From the moment Barack Obama entered the White House , the Republican Party has cast itself as the Party of No .
Whether it was the stimulus bill -- which garnered not a single Republican vote in the House - - or the nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court - - which only nine of 40 Senate Republicans supported -- the GOP has defined itself in its opposition to Obama .
But our alarm has been tempered by the knowledge that , in a way , this is as it should be :
In our form of government , the minority party should be the opposition party ; and , while the Obama administration did make overtures to the GOP on the stimulus and its selection of Sotomayor , those overtures were largely symbolic .
The factionalism , while regrettable , was understandable .
But , this week , as the health care reform battle reached a crucial juncture , the violence of faction has become gratuitous .
We refer , of course , to Max Baucus 's long - awaited health care reform bill -- and the resounding thud with which it landed on Capitol Hill .
There are many flaws in Baucus 's bill , but there is one thing that can be said for it :
It represents as sincere an attempt in recent memory to achieve consensus .
For the last three months , Baucus , as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , worked with five other committee members -- two Democrats and three Republicans -- to draft legislation that could garner bipartisan support .
As the leader of the so - called " Gang of Six , " Baucus was the target of frequent criticism from fellow Democrats , who complained that he was taking too long in drafting his legislation or that he was being too solicitous of Republicans .
And , while these criticisms had merit , Baucus labored to come up with a bill that represented at least a rough compromise .
In almost Solomonic fashion , Baucus crafted a bill that gives something to -- and takes something away from -- each faction .
Virtually every industry group -- from hospitals to drugmakers to device manufacturers to insurers -- that faces new fees or budget cuts in the Baucus bill is rewarded with additional revenue from the legislation .
And , when it came to winning over Republicans , Baucus went more than halfway : eliminating the public option , strengthening protections against federal funding of abortions , and lowering the legislation 's price tag .
And what did all of Baucus 's efforts get him ?
Well , from most key interest groups , outright support or , at the very least , not much indication of outright opposition .
But , from one of the two major political parties that , theoretically at least , is supposed to represent many of those interest groups ?
Absolutely no Republican support -- not even from the three GOP members of the Gang of Six , two of whom ( Mike Enzi and Chuck Grassley ) voiced their outright opposition and one ( Olympia Snowe ) who remains on the fence .
UK branches of Freecycle are breaking away from US founders after a dispute over management of their local web pages
Freecycle is for giving away things you do n't need through the web so they do n't go to landfill .
Now the UK arm of the scheme is about to be trashed by the very people who run it because of a rift with the US founders .
It 's expected that tomorrow , hundreds of local Freecycle branches across the UK will declare an orchestrated independence from their American parents .
The acrimonious split follows unsatisfactory negotiations which could have given Freecycle 's UK moderators the ability to localise their web pages and allow them to serve the community better .
For example , a moderator for one local branch was not allowed to ask a moderator from a neighbouring locality to act as locum while they go on holiday .
Ideas on the ground , such as a Freecycle bay at the local tip , were ruled out .
The UK is probably the most enthusiastic Freecycling country in the world , hosting just 10 % of all the branches but handling 27 % of all Freecycling activities .
Anyone can join a local group for free and post a notice offering to give something away .
Branch moderators screen every notice .
Established members can also post requests for stuff they want .
No money changes hands and goods that might otherwise end up at the tip get a new life .
I 've used it to find loving homes for an MP3 player , seven pairs of roof - racks and an ugly little table .
Like the best jumble sales , I 've also come away with a few things that seemed like a good idea at the time , including a box of pickling jars .
There were 510 Freecycle branches across Britain moderated by local UK residents , but in the last two weeks control has been removed from a few dissenters at a time by the Freecycle Network " hub " in the US .
This process takes a few days , so there have been four or five branches offline at a time until new moderators - not always based in the UK - are installed .
The moderators of the Brighton branch , which had more than 17,000 members , were among the first to jump ship and start up on their own .
In emails to all members , they announced they were setting up their own service and inviting everyone to join it .
Called GreenCycleSussex , it uses the free web service offered by Yahoo Groups .
Their decision leaves Freecycle Brighton without a local moderator to supervise the publishing of messages .
The departing Brighton moderators explained their reasons thus :
Earlier this summer four leading members of the National UK Freecycle team resigned , including the director , in protest at the lack of change .
Moderators around the country then formed an Independent Association of Moderators and again tried talking with The Freecycle Network [ in the US ] .
Hoping to negotiate and find a positive way to continue under the banner of Freecycle .
This has not been possible .
We acknowledge that what Freecycle does in the community is great .
We just do n't agree that we should be dictated to from across the Atlantic and adopt inappropriate policies .
We think the members and moderators make Freecycle great .
There has [ sic ] now been multiple summary expulsions of moderators who have asked for change from Freecycle .
All UK moderators have lost their freedom of speech within the organisation .
So here in Brighton we have decided to go our own way along with the majority of other Freecycle UK groups .
Nan Bixby , hub coordinator for the Freecycle Network in the US , told the Guardian by email that she was not aware of any plans for UK groups to break away .
" Sadly , there are times when groups feel they can better serve their local community in other ways .
When this happens we wish them well and continue in our efforts to save local landfills .
We always look for moderators who are local to the community even if that means temporarily , such as in the case with the Brighton group , we may have interim moderators not local until a local moderator can be found , " Bixby said .
In some ways , the fragmentation of Freecycle in the UK could be seen as a natural next step – it is an idea to promote giving , so maybe it is not surprising that some have chosen to take it .
Fox ’s
So you Think You Can Dance has featured a same - sex dancing couple Jacob Jason and Willem De Vries on their show .
This is a clear turn from the earlier controversy where judge Nigel Lythgoe unfairly criticized same - sex dancing .
This show introduced the audience into the world of same - sex ballroom dancing , and showed the raw emotion of the dance partners .
Contact Fox 's So You Think You Can Dance to thank them for this segment :
Jason Clark
Vice President , Fox Publicity
Jason.clark@fox.com
Lindsay Luttrell
So You Think You can Dance
( 323 ) 575-6100
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
In the ongoing debate about whether sustainable agriculture can “ feed the world , ” it ’s important not to lose sight of what industrial agriculture is doing to ecosystems–both in specific areas and on a grand scale .
Producing and distributing lots and lots of calories , leveraged by fossil fuel and synthetic fertilizers and poisons , may solve certain short - term problems ; but the practice also creates long - term ones that wo n’t be easily solved .
In June , a study emerged showing that so - called inert ingredients in Roundup , Monsanto ’s widely used flagship herbicide , can kill human cells even at low levels – “ particularly embryonic , placental and umbilical cord cells , ” reports Scientific American .
This is an herbicide that ’s used on virtually all of our nation ’s corn and soy fields , covering tens of millions of acres of cropland .
( It ’s also widely used by landscapers and on home lawns . )
Then there was the recent atrazine imbroglio .
For years , the EPA has been assuring the public that the highly toxic herbicide , still widely used in the Corn Belt , was n’t showing up in drinking water in worrisome levels .
Turns out that was a lie , as some excellent muckraking by the Huffington Post Investigative Fund revealed .
Atrazine exposure has been strongly associated with reproductive health maladies , including a rise in hermaphroditism among frog populations .
Note that corn and soy production , as practiced today , is completely reliant on these two broad - spectrum herbicides .
Now comes news about the hazards of another input critical to the project of industrial agricultire : synthetic nitrogen fertilizer .
When farmers apply nitrogen to farm fields , a certain amount enters the atmosphere as nitrous oxide .
And according to a study conducted by researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) and published in Science , human - generated nitrous oxide is now the No. 1 contributor to ozone - layer depletion .
The study is the first ever to look closely at nitrous oxide ’s role as an ozone destroyer .
The results are alarming .
From a summary of the study on the NOAA website :
For the first time , this study has evaluated nitrous oxide emissions from human activities in terms of their potential impact on Earth ’s ozone layer .
As chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , which have been phased out by international agreement , ebb in the atmosphere , nitrous oxide will remain a significant ozone - destroyer , the study found .
Today , nitrous oxide emissions from human activities are more than twice as high as the next leading ozone - depleting gas .
The withering away of the ozone layer , which was slowed but not stopped by the 1987 Montreal Protocol phasing out CFCs , is no trivial matter .
As the NOAA summary puts it :
The ozone layer serves to shield plants , animals and people from excessive ultraviolet light from the sun .
Thinning of the ozone layer allows more ultraviolet light to reach the Earth ’s surface where it can damage crops and aquatic life and harm human health .
Moreover , the Montreal Protocol does not regulate nitrous oxide .
Of course , agriculture - induced nitrous oxide is n’t just eating the ozone layer .
It ’s also a greenhouse gas with 300 times the heat - trapping power of carbon dioxide .
Thus the implications of agriculture ’s reliance on synthetic nitrogen fertilizer are literally earth - shaking :
The way we ’re feeding ourselves is contributing dramatically to two processes–climate change and ozone depletion –that could literally make the planet uninhabitable by humans .
Worse still , we my be seriously underestimating industrial agriculture ’s nitrous oxide emissions .
When considering agriculture ’s contribution of nitrous oxide to the atmosphere , scientists have assumed that about 1 percent of the nitrogen fertilizer applied by farmers ends up in the atmosphere as nitrous oxide .
The EPA operates under that assumption , as did the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
But the real number may be considerably higher .
A 2008 study [ PDF ] by the Nobel - winning atmospheric chemist Paul Crutzen found that as much as 5 percent of nitrogen fertilizer applied by farmers turns into nitrous oxide–which would make agriculture a much larger contributor to climate change ( and ozone depletion ) than is currently assumed .
On top of all of that , nitrogen runoff from agriculture is also strongly implicated in the creation of coastal dead zones–large algae blooms that suck oxygen out of the sea and snuff out marine life .
What all of this points to is the need to bring ecological considerations into agriculture .
And in fact , there ’s already a budding field known as agroecology .
Agrocecology is now at best a fringe field in academia ; as public funding for university research dries up , giant agribusiness firms like Monsanto increasingly finance–and control –the research agenda .
They have little interest in ecology and vested interests in pushing their own proprietary products .
Disney Buys Marvel
br>br >Disney bought Marvel today for $ 4 billion dollars .
*** Wolverine sliced through another brick wall , but all he found on the other side was more evil laughter and another dinky trash robot , mocking him .
He sliced into the robot's guts and ripped out its internal components , gritting his teeth and growling at the sparks .
" I'm gonna find you , bub , " said Wolverine .
" I 'm gonna find you and make you PAY for what you did to Jean , Dog . " " I 'm not a dog , ah - hyuck , " said a voice that resounded through every loudspeaker in the Magic Kingdom .
" I 'm more man than you , fella , and all your talk is just wasting your breath .
Just who do you think you are ?
Sleepy ?
Dopey ?
Doc? Bashful ? " " I'm angry , " said Wolverine , scaling a wall and grimacing .
He threw himself over a hedge and rolled up a grass embankment , crashing into a storage shed .
Inside was the body of Reed Richards , tied into a bloody knot around the purple , swollen face of Victor von Doom .
Two chipmunks were bouncing up and down like lunatics on their intertwined corpses .
Wolverine howled and charged .
No matter how much he swore and sliced , he could not hit the chipmunks .
Their flesh was like air and they moved too fast .
Finally , with one last giggling snort at his ineffective thrusts , the chipmunks disappeared down a sewer pipe .
Wolverine tore the drain out of the floor and dropped inside .
He followed the sewer down , down , down , until he began to hear screams of pain , coupled with snorts of giddy joy .
It was just like what happened with Jean .
Was he going to keep going on like this forever , traveling from body to body , finding new atrocities around every corner ?
His friends .
Violated .
Destroyed .
Gone forever .
The sewer tunnel led him down one last twisting passage and finally ended in a circular room where many other sewer passages also terminated .
A hub .
And there were people here .
It was the source of the screams .
Before he could stop what was going on , he felt steel hands around his chest and he was raised off the ground in a crushing bear hug .
He recognized his friend , although something about his smell was all wrong .
" Collosus ! " he said .
" How about you ' fastball special ' me into those baddies ?
" But Collosus was silent .
Wolverine peered into the gloom of the sewer hub and tried to get leverage with his powerful thighs to escape Collosus ' crushing grasp .
On a steel table , a pretty redheaded girl in a green skirt was being held down and violated by the giant dog man with the protuberant nose , buck teeth , and glassy eyes .
Beside her was Peter Parker , the reporter , with a gun in his mouth .
Holding the gun was Arcade , dressed head to toe in black leather with a chain around his neck .
The dog man was holding the chain in his huge oversized paw .
" See , Arcade ? " said the dog creature .
" This is how you run a death maze .
Gawrsh , I 'm gonna kill Spiderman and Mary Jane both , after a whole heckofalot of fun raping .
Why do n't you go ahead and pull that trigger right now , Arcade , because ... I'm ... COOOOOOOMING ! AAH -HOO -HOO -HOO !" " NO ! " screamed Wolverine .
But Arcade pulled the trigger anyway , blowing out the back of Peter Parker 's skull as the dog man sprayed the young redheaded girl with candy - colored semen .
Then Arcade turned the gun on the girl as the dog man buttoned his overalls and the girl wept and begged .
" Why did n't I ever think of just shooting them , " said Arcade .
" This is so fucking easy .
" The gun went off again .
And again .
" Do n't be so hard on yourself , " said the dog man .
" Your robot replacements are in - dee- stinguishable from the real thing .
It 's gonna be a WHOLE NEW WORLD !
A NEW FANTASTIC POINT OF VIEW ! " " Why are you doing this ? " screamed Wolverine .
" What do you hope to gain ? " " Why ? " asked the dog man .
He frowned and twisted a forefinger into his forehead .
" The circle of life ! " " Let me go , Collosus ! " screamed Wolverine .
" Let me shredderize 'em ! " " Aw shucks , that 's not your friend Collosus , " said the dog man .
" That 's one of Arcade 's brill - yent robo replacements .
The real Collosus is deader than Stalin with his strong worker 's mouth stuffed with Shadowcat flakes . " " YOU SON OF A BITCH , " shouted Wolverine .
" Dispose of that yowling runt , Robocollosus , " said Arcade .
Robocollosus did n't move .
The dog man glared at Arcade and yanked on his chain until Arcade fell onto his knees , kissing the ground .
" I give the orders around here , friend , " said the dog man .
" Yes sir , " said Arcade .
The dog man produced a magic lamp from his pocket .
He rubbed it until a massive blue genie came out .
The blue genie babbled and babbled until the dog man sickened .
He raised his hand and the genie quieted ; subservient .
" Go irritate somebody else , genie , " said the dog man .
" We need your lamp . " " Yes sir , " said the genie .
The genie vanished in a puff of smoke .
" Wolverine , " said the dog man .
" While your replacement does my bidding , prepare to live out the rest of your immortal , regenerating eternity in a place as dark and gritty as your rebellious personality .
In a magic lantern .
Up a flying elephant 's ass !
A - hyuck !
" The dog man waggled his fingers .
There was another puff of smoke and then Wolverine was gone .
Robocollosus ' arms closed around empty air .
The lid of the lantern popped off and did a flip , landing perfectly back on the lantern in another cloud of red magic dust .
The dog man whistled and an elephant in clown make - up flew down from the ceiling , clutching a feather in his trunk .
The dog man slapped the elephant in the face and pointed to the ground .
Sadly , the elephant presented his rectum .
And then , after some twisting and shoehorning , the magic lantern disappeared too .
The elephant slunk away , waddling , as Arcade cackled and the dog man did a funny little dance .
A bunch of n wires have been labeled at one end with alphabetic codes A , B …
The wire identification problem asks for an efficient procedure to mark the other end of the bunch with the corresponding labels .
The wires run underground so you ca n’t track them individually and any wire is visibly indistinguishable from any other ( except for the labeling ) .
As you might have guessed , the only way to gain information in this setup is to connect some set of wires at one end , walk up to the other end , and test for conductivity — this would give some partial labeling information .
The process may have to be repeated many times before a complete labeling can be constructed .
And since each such step involves walking across the distance of the wires , we wish to solve the problem with the least number of trips .
Small Cases
It should be easy to convince oneself that this problem cannot be solved when n = 2 — there ’s really nothing we can use to break the symmetry of the situation .
For n = 3 , we can use the following simple procedure ( see the illustration on the right ) :
Step 1 : Connect the and wires at the labeled end , walk up to the unlabeled end , and test for conductivity .
The pair that conducts electricity would be and , although we cannot determine exactly which is or at this point , and the remaining wire is uniquely identified as .
For notation , we use lowercase letters for the labelings that we discover , versus uppercase letters for the given labeling .
: Connect the and wires at the labeled end , walk up to the unlabeled end , and test for conductivity .
The pair that conducts electricity would be and , although we cannot determine exactly which is or at this point , and the remaining wire is uniquely identified as .
For notation , we use lowercase letters for the labelings that we discover , versus uppercase letters for the given labeling .
Step 2 : Connect the newly identified wire with any one of the wires ( recall , we do n’t know which is or individually , only that one is and the other ) .
Now walk back to the labeled side and test for conductivity of with the remaining wires .
If we find that — is conducting , then the wire we hooked up on the other side was really , otherwise it was .
The case n = 4 can be solved similarly with just two trip :
Hook up — on one side and then run conductivity tests on the other side to partition the wires into two groups — and — ; then hook up one from each of the two groups together etc .
So the question is : Can the problem be solved for all n with just two trips ?
The General Case
The wire identification problem is one of those puzzles that is deceptively simple in its description , whose small cases are easy enough to solve in the head , and yet a fair amount of math goes into proving the general result .
I first read about this fascinating problem in the Don Knuth ’s Selected Papers on Discrete Mathematics book — in a short 5 - page paper titled The Knowlton–Graham partition problem ( arXiv link ) .
Knuth states the following idea , attributed to Kenneth Knowlton , to solve the general problem :
Partition into disjoint sets in two ways and , subject to the condition that at most one element appears in - set of cardinality and a - set of cardinality , for each and .
We can then use the coordinates to identify each element .
By a theorem of Ronald Graham , a solution involving just two trip always exists for wires unless is 2 , 5 , or 9 ( On partitions of a finite set [ PDF ] ) .
Knuth in his paper translates the problem of Knowlton - Graham partitions in terms of 0/1 - matrices .
Lemma 1 in that paper states : Knowlton - Graham partitions exist for iff there ’s a 0/1 - matrix having row sums and column sums such that and are multiples of and .
Let ’s use this lemma to label a set of 6 wires ( ) .
Since we can write 6 = 1 + 2 + 3 , a rather obvious matrix satisfying the conditions of the lemma is :
, corresponding to the assignment
Guided by this matrix , here ’s our two - trip identification procedure :
On the labeled side , hook up wires in the following groups : , , and .
, , and .
Walk over to the unlabeled side , run the conductivity tests , and make the corresponding groups , , and .
, , and .
Still on the unlabeled side , hook up the wires in the groups , , and .
Note that we still do n’t know exactly which wire is , say , ; but we do know the two wires of which one if and the other .
, , and .
Note that we still do n’t know exactly which wire is , say , ; but we do know the two wires of which one if and the other .
Walk over to the labeled side , unhook the connection we had made in the first step , and check for conductivity .
The sole wire here , say , would correspond to the the sole wire from the group on the other side .
Similarly , the connected - pair of — corresponds to the pair on the other side .
etc .
Extensions
Navin Goyal , Sachin Lodha , and S. Muthukrishnan consider some variants & generalizations of the wire identification problem in their paper The Graham - Knowlton Problem Revisited .
In particular , they consider the restrictions to just hooking up pairs in the identification process ( in our examples above , we were free to hook , say , 3 wires ) .
Its latest and most sweeping prediction is that 21 December 2012 signals the end of the world , possibly through a “ polar shift ” – when the polarity of the Earth ’s magnetic field is reversed .
Believers claim that as well as the bots , the 2012 apocalypse is predicted by the ancient Mayan calendar , the Book of Revelations , and the Chinese text I Ching .
Edmund McNally phoned his wife Liz twice following the
[ WTC 2 ] aircraft impact .
Mr McNally said in his second phone call " Liz , this was a terrorist attack .
I can hear explosions below me . "
[ NY Times ]
Tom Elliott , WTC 2 survivor :
They saw only two firemen going up .
They told them there had been an explosion near the 60th floor .
[ csmonitor ]
Kim
White , WTC 1 survivor : " We got down as far as the 74th floor ...
Then there was another explosion , so we left again by the stairwell . "
[ People ]
WTC 1 explosion on floor 74 ?
Explosions occurred below the aircraft impact levels in both towers prior to the collapses .
The following gives a reason for the explosions :
" There 's a bomb in the building - start clearing out " ...
" We got a secondary device in the building " WMV video download ( 698 kB ) 9/11 NBC
News broadcast
[ wma download ]
" Shortly after 9 o'clock ... [ Albert Turi the Chief of Safety for the New York Fire Department ] received word of the possibility of a secondary device , that is another bomb going off .
He tried to get his men out as quickly as he could , but he said there was another explosion which took place , and then an hour after the first hit - the first crash that took place - he said there was another explosion that took place in one of the towers here , so obviously according to his theory he thinks that there were actually devices that were planted in the building .
Two WTC impacts .
Three explosions reported .
One of the secondary devices he thinks that took place after the initial impact he thinks may have been on the plane that crashed into one of the towers .
The second device - he thinks , he speculates - was probably planted in the building .
...
But the bottom line is that he , Albert Turi , said that he probably lost a great many men in those secondary explosions , and he said that there were literally hundreds , if not thousands , of people in those towers when the explosions took place . "
Firefighter Schroeder recollects in great detail how he was one of the first firefighters to rush to the complex .
...
As they were making there way up the floors , Firefighter Schroeder heard a huge explosion .
“ The elevators just blew right out .
We could n’t believe it .
The plane hits 80 floors up but the elevators explode at least five minutes later ?
It was unreal . ”
Firefighter Schroeder made it all the way up to the 23rd floor before barely hearing on the failing radios that another plane was coming in .
That plane would hit the South Tower though for some reason “ We were tossed like a rag doll by another explosion in our building .
People were making there way down the stairwells burnt like you could n’t believe .
We were all shocked because it seemed as if there was fire everywhere , on so many floors .
It just did n’t make sense ” .
[ Prison Planet ] Lou Cacchioli , Firefighter in WTC 1 : At that point , Cacchioli found one of the only functioning elevators , one only going as high as the 24th floor ...
" Tommy Hetzel was with me and everybody else also gets out of the elevator when it stops on the 24th floor , " said Cacchioli , " There was a huge amount of smoke .
Tommy and I had to go back down the elevator for tools and no sooner did the elevators close behind us , we heard this huge explosion that sounded like a bomb .
It was such a loud noise , it knocked off the lights and stalled the elevator .
" Luckily , we were n't caught between floors and were able to pry open the doors .
People were going crazy , yelling and screaming .
And all the time , I am crawling low and making my way in the dark with a flashlight to the staircase and thinking Tommy is right behind me .
" I somehow got into the stairwell and there were more people there .
When I began to try and direct down , another huge explosion like the first one hits .
This one hits about two minutes later , although it 's hard to tell , but I 'm thinking , ' Oh . My God , these bastards put bombs in here like they did in 1993 !' [ Arctic Beacon ] " ... then somebody said that they saw an airliner go into one of those towers .
Then , an hour later than that we had that big explosion from much , much lower down and I do n't know what caused that . "
WMV video download ( 268kB )
You are in the right place if you are looking for discount medical scrubs .
Feel free to browse our selection of clearance merchandise .
We have quality men's and women 's items available at big savings .
Be sure to check out the inexpensive scrubs we 've listed from today 's top brands , including Landau , Adar and White Swan .
We 're well - stocked with scrub tops , pants , and jackets in a full range of sizes , from XXS - 5XL , but our clearance scrubs wo n't last .
Cheap Colored Lab Coats Available On Limited Time Only
Check out our collection of clearance scrubs and buy the best models available before they run out !
If your wardrobe needs refreshing , be sure to take a look at our scrubs on sale in the clearance section .
These comfortable , durable , and stylish discounted scrubs tend to go fast , but that gives you the opportunity to save big every day as new clearance items are added .
We have discount scrubs online in every color , from black and red to ceil blue .
Select coordinating colors from our clearance options to update your wardrobe at the lowest price possible .
You can also mix - and - match from our most popular styles and fabric blends .
Keep an eye out for discount scrub tops and pants with antimicrobial features and improved stain resistance .
Cheap Hospital Scrub Sets
Our collection of clearance items are not only composed of women scrubs .
We have many traditional and trendy discount men's scrubs on clearance as well .
Need extra big and tall clothing ?
That 's no problem with our superior selection of expanded sizes .
You 'll also find we offer some of the most efficient configurations for :
Pockets
Instrument loops
Snaps
Stay prepared and keep your supplies organized with the help of wide , roomy pockets and specialty enclosures perfect for all your devices .
If you need help while ordering our discount scrubs , get in touch with customer service .
Our trusted sales specialists are here to answer all of your questions and help you make the most of your wardrobe investment .
You may call us on 1.866.967.8573 or send us an email inquiry to csr@pulseuniform.com
BOSTON — Up two flights of stairs in a musty apartment in central Madrid is where an African man with a face as white as chalk has placed his hope for the future .
In early April , 18 - year - old Moszy came ashore in the Spanish Canary Islands , along with 59 other African refugees .
He stood out among a sea of black faces waiting in line that day to be processed by immigration officials .
He is an albino , a person with a congenital lack of the melanin pigment that protects the skin , eyes and hair from the sun ’s ultraviolet rays .
Albinism is a condition that makes life in much of Africa miserable for many reasons , said Javier Ramirez , a human rights lawyer with the Spanish Commission for Refugees or CEAR , which is representing Moszy .
“ Albinos suffer violence and also they face huge discrimination in their countries of origin , ” said Ramirez .
“ That ’s ' cause there ’s still a lot of ignorance , ” said Thabo Leshilo , editor of the South African newspaper , The Sowetan , which has reported on human rights abuses against albinos in southern Africa .
“ People still believe , for example , that people with albinism do n’t die .
That they actually disappear and do n’t get buried . ”
Leshilo said it is the de-humanization of people with albinism that makes it possible for some to kill them without remorse .
Over the past 19 months , 62 ritualistic murders have occurred in Tanzania , Burundi and Kenya in which albinos were killed to sell their body parts .
Four albinos , including a 4 - year old , were murdered in July .
The buyers are traditional healers who say they can concoct powerful potions with so - called albino magic that businessmen and others believe will bolster their fortunes .
Around Lake Victoria in northern Tanzania , fish stocks have dwindled in recent years .
In response , many fishermen now weave albino hairs in their nets — believing that by doing so they will increase their daily catch of fish .
The right leg from an albino can sell for $ 2,000 and an arm about $ 800 , according to an investigative report by a BBC team .
In a recent incident in Ruyigi , Burundi , according to Al Jazeera , a young albino man was reportedly killed and chopped up by his older non-albino brother , who sold his body parts for $ 240 before escaping to Tanzania .
As of this writing , he has not been captured .
Rick Guidotti , a former New York fashion photographer turned human rights activist , was recently in East Africa on a fact - finding mission for his organization , Positive Exposure .
He fears that the attacks on albinos could escalate as economic conditions worsen in the region .
He said that in the area of Ruyigi , Burundi , for instance , the average yearly salary is $ 10 .
“ So when there ’s an opportunity to feed 10 children when you bring the bones of one child with albinism , it ’s greed but it ’s also survival , ” said Guidotti .
“ And it ’s only going to get worse until people stand up and start prosecuting those that are suspected of these horrifying crimes . ”
That may finally be happening .
Last month in Burundi nine men were convicted of crimes linked to the abduction and murder of people with albinism and sentenced from one year to life in prison .
In neighboring Tanzania there have been hundreds of arrests for the killings of albinos , but so far no convictions .
Now , in the beginning of August , the trials of four of seven suspected killers of albinos have been suspended by the courts in two districts , according to reports , because funds have dried up .
Still , Tanzanian government officials insist that they are moving as fast as possible to prosecute those responsible , but not fast enough for Peter Ash .
He is monitoring the situation from his office in Vancouver , Canada .
For him it ’s personal :
He is an albino .
On one recent visit to Tanzania , Ash said he was standing on a corner when young men taunted him with chants of “ Deal , deal , ” suggesting that by killing him they could cash in on his body parts .
For that reason
Ash now travels in Tanzania with his own security .
“ If I was born in Tanzania , my life would be in danger , because I have exactly the same genetic disorder as they do , and I ca n’t sit by and do nothing , ” said Ash .
Two years ago he founded Under The Same Sun , a Canadian charity to assist Tanzania ’s albinos , who number nearly 200,000 out of a total population of 40 million .
Under The Same Sun recently opened an office in the capital , Dar as Salaam .
Ash has also focused on the albino asylum case in Spain , where human rights attorney Ramirez faces an uphill battle in proving Moszy ’s fear of persecution if returned to Benin .
“ While we do n’t have tons of details on Benin , I can tell you that throughout the whole area of Africa , beliefs exist that people with albinism are cursed , ” said Ash .
Education is the key to reducing the superstitions against albinos , said Al - Shaymaa J. Kwegyir , a former airline employee who last year became the first person with albinism to sit in Tanzania ’s parliament .
“ The president appointed me , so as to help albinos and trying to educate people about the albinos that they ’re human beings .
They need equal rights like everybody else , ” said Kwegyir .
In other parts of the world , albinos are viewed quite differently .
A group of islands off the Atlantic coast of Panama is home to the Kuna , an indigenous people of whom one in 200 is an albino .
The Kuna believe that albinos are children of the moon and are godlike .
“ Obviously I would prefer that to having them killed , ” said Ash , " but I would most prefer that they be treated like anyone else . ”
The best possible outcome for people with albinism said Ash is to eradicate mythology of all sorts about people who suffer a disease that makes them both vulnerable to the sun and to the prejudices of millions .
Phillip Martin is executive producer for Lifted Veils Productions , a non-profit public radio journalism company dedicated to exploring issues that divide society .
Currently he is heading up the Color Initiative , an on - going radio - journalism project on PRI ’s The World that is funded by the Ford Foundation , the Massachusetts Foundation for the Humanities and the Funding Exchange ( Paul Robeson Fund ) .
Nearly 75 people yesterday joined Dan Koeppel and friends on the first of two days in The Big Parade , a 40 - mile walk from downtown to the Hollywood Sign up and down more one hundred neighborhood stair cases .
They begin the last leg of their journey this morning after camping in a Silver Lake pocket park next to the Music Box Stairs .
If you 've got an itching to join , we recommend you do — there 's a lot of fun to be had .
Today 's trip will take explorers 21.5 miles and over 64 staircases .
And remember this : to join them does n't mean you have to do the whole thing .
Anyone can come and go as they please , where they please and it 's pretty easy to do so .
Just take a look at today 's time table , the map and read the instructions and you 'll be set for Los Angeles ' quintessential urban hike .
Enjoy !
In a press conference a few minutes ago , GGF CEO Hans Pandeya confirmed that the Pirate Bay acquisition will go through .
Earlier today the financing and legalization plan was presented to the shareholders , who unanimously decided to give the acquisition the green light .
The ownership of the site will be transferred inside a month , and within that period GGF will have to pay 60 million kroner ( $ 7.8 m ) to the Pirate Bay ’s current owners – Reservella .
Today , GGF shared its plans with the shareholders , who all decided in favor of the deal .
After several investors decided to pull out , GGF ’s shareholders – including the CEO who holds more than half of the shares – will finance the acquisition themselves .
After the domain has been transferred to GGF , the new Pirate Bay will be transformed into a pay site charging users for access .
To please the entertainment industries , GGF will install a system that will allow the copyright holders to either authorize the ‘ illegal ’ torrents or have them removed from the site .
How pleased the copyright holders will be with this new legalization plan is seriously up for debate – Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN has already stated that it is insufficient .
There are currently no licensing agreements in place with the entertainment industry , but despite the criticism GGF hopes to partner with most of the major movie studios and record labels within a year .
In addition to the Pirate Bay acquisition , GGF also confirmed that it will buy the file - sharing technology company Peerialism for 100 million Swedish kroner .
Peerialism will provide core technology for the new Pirate Bay .
by : - RoG -
So I 'm sure most of you know by now that Circuit City went bankrupt not too long ago and shut down all of its stores .
Oh sure , the company is somewhat still alive in online form since the brand was bought by another company , but the brick and mortar shops are a thing of the past .
Having worked in their corporate headquarters for a while as one of their web designers , it was definitely a bit sad to see the stores shutting down ... especially since I had friends who still worked there .
But I do n't think it was a big shock to anybody since the head executives at the company did n't know how to do anything other than lay off good employees while giving themselves fatter paychecks .
But what happens with the stores now ?
We 're talking about a huge retail chain that had over 500 stores nationwide .
That 's a lot of empty retail space .
Well , fortunately the Halloween season has come to revive these abandoned " superstores " and breathe new life into them .
Yep , I was just informed that the old Circuit City stores are now home to various seasonal Halloween shops around the nation .
Think of 'em as the reanimated zombie corpses of Circuit City .
The following is a photographic tour of one such store located in Taunton , Massachusetts which now goes by the name " Halloween Connection " .
Before we begin , I 'd like to thank Keith Fracassa and Helen Fonseca for taking these photographs and emailing them to me .
On that note , let 's begin the tour :
When a giant inflatable pumpkin king stands before the Circuit City logo ,
one can't help but think that all their stores closing was definitely a good thing .
Right off the bat , you can see that this is n't your average seasonal Halloween store .
This one clearly deals with some higher end props .
Ride them bones !
And at $ 250 , it had better be a damned good ride !
Hippies actually look a lot cleaner in the afterlife .
How many Halloween stores have you seen before where they crashed a life - sized plane into a graveyard ?
I 'll answer that question for you : NONE .
They flew the friendly skies .
The ground , however , apparently was n't very friendly when they landed .
Looks like a runway to me .
( Also , gotta love the Young Frankenstein reference on the tombstone )
It 's good to know you get a big hug upon entering the graveyard .
Most seasonal Halloween shops do n't have giant ghouls hanging up from 30 - feet high on the wall either .
Some fine Halloween decorations to place outside your castle to ward off any enemies .
Buy one upper torso , get one lower torso free !
And how many Halloween shops have their own pyramid ?
Again ... NONE .
Of course , it would n't be truly Halloweeny without a solid mummy sarcophagus .
GOLLLLLLLD !
MORE GOLLLLLLLD !
Oh shit , the mummy got out .
Guess he heard me talkin ' about his precious gold .
Doin ' hard time at Circuit City .
Here 's hoping these are their former executives .
I dare you to master this puppet .
DARE YOU .
I do n't think anybody 's gonna be inclined purchasing tickets to this circus when the word
" BEWARE " is scribbled in blood across the front of the booth .
That 's just bad business .
There are more Circuit City Halloween pics to see !
Click here to continue onward to page 2 !
FREAK Shots : Far -Flung Nuts
Flickr user somebody 3lse chose this $ 4.99 package of almonds at a store in Canada “ because it was the cheapest . ”
Going by the information on the label , the almonds , she estimates , traveled approximately 22,000 km. during processing and packaging ( California to Vietnam to Canada ) .
Photo : somebody 3lse
So does this make you want to go locavore , since so much fuel was likely used in transporting them around the globe , and maybe they ’re not the freshest almonds ?
Or does it support the global food economy : fuel costs are a small part of the production budget , and packaging them in Vietnam probably kept down the price .
The malware threat on Mac OS X is infinitesimally small , but it does exist .
The biggest threat so far seems to come from trojans that attempt to disguise themselves as legitimate software updates or installers .
Though it 's not mentioned anywhere in the extensive list of enhancements and refinements on Apple 's website , it turns out that Snow Leopard does have some level of protection against such malware .
Security firm Intego turned up the feature , which seems to be an enhancement of the usual " This file is from the Internet , are you sure you want to open it ? " warning .
If a disk image or installer package contains known malware , Snow Leopard will warn that it can damage your computer .
If you do n't choose to open the installer anyway ( and we recommend you do n't ) , the offending file will be automatically moved to the Trash .
Intego has n't been able to identify exactly how the mechanism works , but several MacRumors forum members confirmed that it does identify known trojans .
Chances are this functionality wo n't protect against unknown attacks , and it's not clear exactly how Apple might protect against new trojans ( yes , new malware definitions would come via Software Update , but when ?
how often ? ) .
The feature also does n't seem to be as extensive as third - party antivirus software , but we do n't know a lot of details at this point .
Still , it is an extra safety net to keep you from being the victim of a social engineering hack .
A new report has found that nearly 90 per cent of Australia 's mammals and reptiles are found nowhere else in the world .
The audit by Australian scientists , titled Numbers of Living Species in Australia and the World , found there are nearly 1.9 million known animal and plant species on the planet .
Environment Minister Peter Garrett says the review includes the discovery of a number of new species unique to Australia .
" We know that Australia is a mega - diverse continent , but this is absolutely confirmation of that , " he said .
" I guess the other thing is it shows we are actually discovering new species , with some 48 new reptiles , eight new mammals , 1,100 flowering plants and nearly 1,000 mites , spiders and scorpions also being discovered . "
The report found that only about a quarter of Australia 's flora and fauna has been discovered and named .
It also found that in the last three years , 18,000 new species were discovered each year .
About three - quarters of those were invertebrates .
Mr Garrett says the audit is a crucial benchmark .
" It will be a really important contribution in the global fight to save biodiversity , so I am delighted it 's happening in Australia , " he said .
Details of the official audit will be unveiled by Mr Garrett today at the Australian Institute of Marine Science , south of Townsville .
Researchers say that breeding pain - free farm animals is less of a technological issue and more of an ethical issue .
Image credit : Guido Gerding .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
With advancements in genetic engineering , researchers say that it may soon be possible to breed farm animals that do n't feel pain .
The suggestion has sparked controversy on whether denying animals the ability to feel pain is inhumane itself , even if it does limit the amount of suffering the animals endure when raised at factory farms .
In recent decades , humans have been consuming more and more meat .
Since the 1960s , human consumption of meat has increased by 50 percent , most of it coming from factory farms .
Despite demands by animal rights groups for better treatment of farm animals , eliminating animal suffering seems to be an unrealistic goal .
For example , chickens often have part of their beaks removed without anesthesia to prevent them from pecking each other .
If factory farms can't be persuaded to raise animals in humane environments , then maybe it's time to provide the animals with an inborn defensive mechanism of their own .
The solution may not be ideal , but , as Adam Shriver , a philosopher at Washington University in St. Louis says , " If we can't do away with factory farming , we should at least take steps to minimize the amount of suffering that is caused . "
In recent years , scientists have made progress in manipulating the molecular and genetic bases for pain .
A recent study found that mice that lack the Nav1.7 gene are less sensitive than normal mice to heat and pressure .
Possibly , farm animals that lack such a gene would also suffer less under factory farm conditions .
In another study , scientists have engineered mice that lack specific enzymes and genes in the anterior cingulate cortex ( ACC ) .
This alteration enabled the animals to still sense pain , but not feel it as an unpleasant sensation .
By still feeling physical sensation , the animals could avoid unintentionally injuring themselves , which often happens in individuals who are born without the ability to feel pain at all .
But there are other alternatives to pain - free animals , one of which is producing meat in vitro .
Although not fully developed yet , the procedure involves growing animal muscle cells that could be used in processed meats such as chicken nuggets and fish sticks .
However , lab - grown animal cells are currently costly , since they require expensive nutrients , and the technology would need to be scaled up in order to be profitable .
Besides eliminating animal suffering , this option could also eliminate the other negative side effects of factory farms , including the large amounts of waste and greenhouse gases that are generated .
via : New Scientist
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further PETA offers $ 1 million for fake meat
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A new type of experimental flu drug that stops the virus from infecting cells appears to stop it from mutating into drug - resistant forms , researchers reported on Sunday .
Tests in mice and in lab dishes show that NexBio Inc. ’s drug Fludase can stop the seasonal influenza virus from infecting cells and can fight strains of virus that have evolved resistance to Tamiflu , Roche AG ’s popular influenza drug , the company said .
“ Extensive , prolonged nonclinical influenza studies have not shown the development of any meaningful resistance , ” the company said in a statement released at the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy in San Francisco .
Privately held NexBio Inc. said tests showed that Fludase , also known as DAS181 , worked against the new H1N1 swine flu virus too .
Influenza viruses very quickly change to put up a strong defense against antiviral drugs .
Last year the seasonal H1N1 virus developed strong resistance to Tamiflu .
Two older flu drugs , amantadine and rimantadine , now have very little effect against influenza viruses .
Tamiflu and a similar drug , GlaxoSmithKline ’s Relenza , affect a compound in the flu virus called neuraminadase -- which gives flu viruses like H1N1 the “ N ” in their names .
Fludase affects the human cells that influenza infects , not the virus itself and that should make it less likely to cause the virus to develop resistance , company spokesman Dr. David Wurtman said .
It affects the sialic acid receptor -- the molecular doorway that flu viruses use to attach to cells , he said .
“ It makes it impossible to spread , so it ca n’t infect neighboring cells , ” Wurtman said in a telephone interview .
Teams at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , University of Hong Kong and Saint Louis University in Missouri ran the experiments , the company said .
“ Based on these encouraging data , we are moving forward with our ongoing clinical development of DAS181 , and we will continue to work closely with FDA ( the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ) , CDC and NIH ( the National Institutes of Health ) on this clinical program during the current pandemic , ” Dr. Ronald Moss of NexBio , who presented the study , said in a statement .
Health experts predict that new drugs to fight flu will soon be needed , as the virus is mutation prone .
Many are in development -- furthest along is BioCryst ’s peramivir , which would be made and sold in partnership with Japan ’s Shionogi .
About half of the wines entered into at least three wine competitions bring home a gold medal .
But of those winning a gold , 84 percent win no further medal at another competition .
Thus , “ winning gold medals may be more a matter of chance than a predictor of quality . ”
Such are the findings from a paper published in the current issue of the Journal of Wine Economics .
Robert Hodgson ( pictured ) , the paper ’s author , is a professor emeritus of oceanography at Humboldt State University .
He also co-owns Fieldbrook Winery in Humboldt county , which “ normally produces about 1000 cases per year .
Though small , the winery has earned distinction by winning many awards in state and national competitions . ”
In fact , it was his personal experience winning medals and then coming up empty handed that led his quantitative analysis of 13 wine competitions as he told Reuters .
The paper says that there are about 29 wine competitions in the United States ; for the 13 that he studied , entry fees exceeded $ 1 million .
Other research has shown that consumers ’ buying decisions are slightly but positively influenced by medals , which placed sixth out of thirteen variables ( ahead of front labels and shelf talkers ) .
What do you think explains this disparity : something inherent to wine competitions , the nature of blind tasting , or a lack of consensus of quality wine ?
Links to abstract and full paper in pdf
Enlarge By Joe Raedle , Getty Images Sharron Kay Thornton talks with her lead surgeon Victor Perez who restored sight to her left eye at the University of Miami Bascom Palmer Eye Institute .
The procedure implanted one of her teeth in her eye , as a base to hold a prosthetic lens .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER Doctors in Miami announced Wednesday that they had performed a vision - restoring surgery that used the 60 - year - old patient 's tooth .
The surgery , the first in the USA , was performed Labor Day weekend at the Bascom Palmer Eye Institute at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine .
Afterward , patient Sharron Thornton was able to see for the first time in nine years .
" Sharron was able to see 20/60 this morning .
She was seeing only shadows a couple of weeks ago , " says ophthalmologist and surgeon Victor Perez .
Thornton was blinded in 2000 by a reaction to a drug she was taking , which damaged her cornea .
Perez likened Thornton 's cornea to a dirty car windshield .
He says her eye surface was too dry for a corneal implant , a standard treatment .
Thornton 's eye tooth and part of her jaw bone were removed , then sculpted to create a hole in the tooth through which an optical cylinder lens fit .
The tooth acts as a base to hold the lens .
The prosthesis was then placed in a pouch just under the skin of Thornton 's cheek , where it would remain for several months to allow for the growth of a living capsule around it .
To surgically implant the tooth - lens prosthesis , a hole was made in the cornea and the capsule embedded over the top of the cornea .
The mucous membrane was then pulled back over the eye like a blanket and a hole made for the lens .
" It 's a pretty radical operation and can be disfiguring , " says James Chodosh , a faculty member at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary .
But he says the results are worth it to patients .
Thornton says being able to see again is " like Christmas . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A new study into the research of the renowned Lamarckian experimentalist Paul Kammerer may help to end the controversy which has engulfed his research for almost a century .
The study , published in The Journal of Experimental Zoology , suggests that far from being a fraud Kammerer may have discovered the field of epigenetics , placing him decades ahead of his contemporaries .
Paul Kammerer , a leading proponent of the Lamarckian theory of evolution , achieved global prominence in the 1920's by arguing that acquired traits could be passed down through generations .
In his most controversial experiment , Kammerer forced midwife toads , a species that lives and mates on land , to live in water .
Their offspring preferred to live and mate in water and by the third generation he noted that they began to develop black nuptial pads on their forelimbs , a feature common to water dwelling species .
In 1926 Kammerer fell into disgrace when it was found that his only remaining fixed specimen had been injected with India ink to produce the appearance of the black nuptial pads .
Kammerer 's own role in the alleged fraud has never been proven , but six weeks after its discovery he committed suicide .
Eventually , a naturally occurring specimen with nuptial pads was found , demonstrating that midwife toads do have the potential to develop them .
Now Dr. Alexander Vargas , from the University of Chile , has re-examined Kammerer 's experiments finding remarkable resemblances to newly discovered aspects of epigenetics , a flourishing new field of science which studies influences in inheritance beyond the DNA sequence .
" Today Kammerer 's scientific legacy is non-existent and he is often cited as an example of scientific fraud , " said Vargas .
" However , the specific similarities of Kammerer 's experiments to epigenetic mechanisms are very unlikely to have been the result of his imagination .
These new biological arguments provide a modern context suggesting that Kammerer could be the actual discoverer of epigenetic inheritance . "
Vargas has studied Kammerer 's evidence , as summarized in his 1920 's research notes , and found that Kammerer reported hybrid crosses of treated and untreated toads in which ' parent - of - origin effects ' can be observed , a recurrent phenomenon in epigenetics .
Kammerer also reported that his toads developed larger bodies than untreated land toads and that their eggs were smaller and contained less egg - yolk than normal .
These are traits that are known to be influenced by epigenetic mechanisms .
Building on these observations Vargas proposes a preliminary model based on current knowledge of epigenetics to explain the midwife toad experiments , which illustrates how in a modern context an explanation can be offered for results which appeared utterly mysterious to Kammerer and his contemporaries .
Kammerer 's consistency with current epigenetic mechanisms provides new and compelling biological arguments in favour of the authenticity of the midwife toad experiments .
" New experimentation on this species with the advantage of modern molecular - genetic tools could mean an end to the controversy , " added Vargas .
" If Kammerer 's data is correct , the midwife toad holds the potential of becoming an excellent model system for studying epigenetics and especially its evolutionary implications . "
Are the Obama people really that dumb ?
They were " surprised , " " caught off guard " by the massive dirtstorm unleashed on healthcare reform ?
These are the geniuses of 11 - dimensional chess ?
Puhleeze .
I think they 've started to believe their own press .
Obama the Healer , Obama the Post - Racial Lincoln .
What a bunch of damned dopes .
Dick Polman , the Philadelphia Inquirer political reporter , is also astounded at just how unprepared Team Obama was for the attacks on healthcare reform :
During the 1993 - 4 health care reform battle , the Clinton White House was outmaneuvered by the Republican right and their corporate allies , who swayed the electorate with all kinds of devious hyperbole .
And , more recently , in the 2004 presidential race , John Kerry and his advisers sat back and did nothing for three crucial summer weeks , absolutely convinced that voters would never believe the Swift Boat attacks on his Vietnam record .
That strategy worked out pretty well .
And now we have the Obama people , waking up to the idea that maybe it's not politically wise to sit mute and allow themselves to be tarred as fascists who would euthanize granny , ration health care , and slash Medicare benefits .
( It 's priceless to hear the Republicans portraying themselves as the defenders of Medicare , given the fact that , if they had been in charge back in 1965 , they never would have enacted Medicare in the first place .
But I digress . )
The Republican right understands the power of the visceral ; it knows how to stoke emotions at the expense of civility .
This is not exactly a fresh observation , yet it 's amazing how flat - footed Democrats seem always to discover it anew .
They seem forever convinced that the power of high ideals should be sufficient for victory - that , in the present case , Americans should simply be convinced , on the merits , that health care reform is preferable to the dysfunctional status quo .
As Howard Paster , Clinton 's health care guy in 1993 , told The Times this morning , " The expectation ( among the Obama people ) was that things have gotten so bad in the last 16 years that there would be a consensus on the need to act this time . "
But that 's not how the other team plays the game .
Indeed , numerous Democratic strategists and commentators have been trying to make this point for a long time .
A couple years ago , for instance , radio host and ex-California Democratic chairman Bill Press offered this advise to his brethren : " In politics , if somebody slaps you on the cheek , you punch him in the nose .
Then you punch him in the gut .
Then you kick him in the groin .
Then you crack a chair over his head .
Then , just to make sure , you jump up and down on top of him with both feet ... The only way to win is to fight back .
Hard and tough .
If they do n't , they do n't deserve to win . "
Press was characteristically a tad over the top , but his basic point was that Democrats should stop being surprised to learn that politics ain't beanbag .
This is not to suggest that Obama should retaliate by retailing lies equal in virulence to those being spewed by his opponents ; if he was to conduct himself as his opponents are doing , he would be promptly attacked for failing to change the tone in Washington .
His best option is to do what he probably should have done months ago : find an attractively repeatable health reform pitch that can fit on a bumper sticker , something that can appeal to positive emotions .
( Perhaps if Obama had done that during the spring , he could have at least partially preempted the nabobs of negativity . )
Indeed , there are reports today that Obama will now pitch his plan as a vehicle for ending unfair insurance practices , for protecting the millions of Americans who have pre-existing health conditions .
Maybe a positive emotional pitch can still work - unless it is too little , too late , and insufficient weaponry for an alley fight .
WARRIOR CHIEF : A watercolour picture of Ngati Toa chief Te Rauparaha .
Thought to be copy after Isaac Coates .
Reference : A-114-047
Despite being over - represented in New Zealand 's criminal fraternity and prison population , Maori do not have a " warrior gene " that makes them violent , new research shows .
Scientist Gary Hook 's review , Warrior Genes and the Disease of Being Maori , challenges the idea that Maori are genetically wired to commit acts of violence .
Three years ago , researchers Rod Lea and Geoffrey Chambers said high criminality among Maori was due to the monoamine oxidase , or " warrior " , gene .
But Dr Hook said there was evidence they had made several serious flaws in their scientific reasoning .
Not only was the science criticised , but the ethics of claiming " genetic explanation for negative social and health statistics " had been questioned , he said .
" While conviction rates for domestic violence of Maori exceed those of any other group there is no indication that the ( monoamine oxidase gene ) system carried by Maori functions any differently from that of any other ethnic group and certainly no evidence to indicate that it was anything to do with violent behaviour in Maori . "
Blaming domestic violence on genes simplified the problem and laid the blame on Maori themselves , Dr Hook said .
Racial stereotyping , particularly by scientists , was " unethical and scandalous " , he said .
" Inter - group bias is recognised as an important influence on social behaviour .
" Maori are not borderline psychotics , retarded , hyper aggressive , depressive , antisocial , impulsive , suicidal risk takers and to suggest otherwise is irresponsible and not supported by the facts . "
Maori nature was not the reason for high criminality rates , he said .
Perhaps it was because of victimisation during 160 years of colonisation or an " Eurocentric " justice system , Dr Hook said .
Maori Party co-leader Tariana Turia welcomed Dr Hook 's review and expressed her disappointment at Dr Lea 's and Dr Chambers ' original research .
" I 'm disappointed that two reputed scientists have done a disservice to a vulnerable part of our society and science by claiming they have come up with a breakthrough when all they have really done is make our job of finding solutions even harder . "
The Government , communities and whanau need solutions not reinforcement of stereotypes , Mrs Turia said .
" I welcome scientists and academics to join us in making social change for the good of our country , but there will be no room on this waka for bias and stereotypes . "
How can abortion access feel as challenging today as when it was illegal ?
We ’ll talk about it at our subscriber - only virtual event !
Not a subscriber ?
Join at registration !
The son of slain Owosso anti-abortion rights protester James Pouillon told the Flint Journal that abortion foes have selected the wrong man to lionize as a martyr for their cause .
Grand Rapids podiatrist James M. Pouillon has not had contact with
his father since 2001 .
But he is n’t staying silent about the way his
father is being called a martyr by some in the anti-abortion rights
movement .
“ I do n’t think he really cared about the unborn , ” said
Dr. James M. Pouillon , a Grand Rapids podiatrist , who had not spoken to
his father since 2001 .
“ I do n’t think he was really pro-life . ”
Pouillon ’s sister disagreed with the doctor , saying her father was a Christian acting on his beliefs .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ He died out there doing what he believed in , ” 26 - year - old Mary Jo Pouillon of Owosso said at a memorial service Wednesday .
But the son argues that the actions of his father , who would
regularly protest , carry signs and yell at passers - by , was all part of
a larger plan .
The younger Pouillon called his father a “ sociopath who
terrorized a small town while hiding behind his First Amendment . ”
“ You could speak with a couple of hundred people who
do n’t agree with me , so who is right ?
I ’m not going to try to yell
louder than my dad ’s friends , ” he said .
The son also said his father used his abortion stance to terrorize
women and said his father abused his mother , Mary Lou Kadera .
The two
divorced in 1987 and she died in a 2001 car accident .
In a 1992 interview with The Flint Journal , the activist
acknowledged years of marital problems , including a fight where he
pushed his wife into a piano .
Three days after the fight , he told the
Journal that “ the Holy Ghost came on me . ”
The senior Pouillon has been hailed as a martyr by Cal Zastrow of Kawkawlin , chairman of the Michigan Citizens for Life .
Pouillon was gunned down last week Friday while standing in front of
Owosso High School , something he would do regularly .
Officials have
said the alleged shooter , Harlan Drake , told them he was offended by
Pouillon ’s graphic signs and felt children should not have to view
them .
An attorney representing the Drake family put out a statement saying
Drake was suffering from depression and that they did not believe the
shooting had anything to do with abortion .
Drake is also accused of shooting the 61 - year - old owner of a gravel
pit in Owosso Township .
Drake is in jail without bond awaiting trial on
charges of first degree murder and weapons violations .
But this phenomenon is far bigger than " just " racism .
It is about the very paradigm that has defined our world for the past 500 years or more .
It is about Manifest Destiny .
It is about Race , Religion , Money / Calvinism .... it is about power .
It is about who rules the world and how they rule it .
And I am not talking about ruling it physically , militarily , or even politically .
It is about whose ideas rule the world .
It is about the paradigm that rules the world ... and has ruled the world since Eurpean explorers set out in their tiny little ships with their muskets and crude cannon to conquer the world .
And conquer it they did !
Killing millions and wiping out entire cultures in the process .
All to gain control of ( or loot , lol ) the resources of the entire world .
Gold , silver , food , and later timber and oil .
And , of course .... slaves .
They conquered it they looted it , they killed and ensleved the world so that they could rule it .
And .... they still do .
The people that currently rule the world are the descendants ... in ideal and principle , if not in actual bloodline ... of those original conquerors .
And now they face the end .
The end of the paradigm of ' conquering ' itself .
Their is nothing left to conquer .
The paradigm of taking and holding the world by force and oppression alone .
The cultures and populations that they destroyed are now coming back to .... in their eyes .... haunt them .
To .... in their eyes .... and in their fears and nightmares ... to take revenge .
They are scared shitless .
The only problem is .... only a tiny percentage of the people and cultures they have conquered and suppressed and oppressed for so long give a shit about revenge .
They ... WE .... just want equality and justice .
Nobody REALLY cares about revenge .
We just want to live our lives without thier boot on our throat .
We do n't have the time or the energy for revenge .
Not if we are going to fix the world that they have fucked up so badly , and save the human race from the REAL tragedy of Climate Crisis .
We do n't have time to fear each other or hate each other .... that is THEIR thing .
( Though it must be admitted , we do have time to chuckle occassionally in schadenfreude as they reveal themselves and their fear of us , lol )
Of course equality and justice are anathema to them .
" They " still feel , even if it is just a gut feeling that even they do n't understand , that they have the RIGHT to rule the world .
That their fantasy of Manifest Destiny is real .
To which the rest of the world , the vast majority of the world , is responding to by looking at them funny , shrugging their shoulders and saying .... tough shit .
The multiculturism and " miscegenation " and " race mixing " that they have feared for so long ... is here .
And there is absolutely nothing they can do about it .
The demographics cannot be denied and the results of generations of planetwide media , information dispersal , and education are being felt .
Young people , being influenced by the new paradigm that started in the late 50's and 60's and has been ' slowly ' spreading ever since , are just not that interested in hating each other .
They are far more interested in finding our commonality than our difference .
They realize thast there is nothing to conquer ... except human nature .
They are coming to realize that the future is not about separating , but about finding ways to come together .
That " IT " is not about hating ... but about Harmony , not about competiton , but about cooperation .
And it is driving the racists crazy !
Sorry folks !
You may be able to kill Health Care .
You may have a few wins after that too ....
But it is OVER .
And their is nothing you can do about it .... even if you do give in to your old paradigm conquering instincts and turn violent .
You lose .
The world has passed you by .
The rest of us will just ... eventually ... ignore you and move on to saving this world and building a new one .
Pausing , occassionally , to watch your tantrums , to watch the The Pathetic Wails of a Dying Paradigm ... and smile and maybe even pat you on the head in sympathy .
But we ain't going back to that mythical America you pretend existed .
Deal .
Like riverboat gamblers casting loaded dice , Iran 's leaders have played a double game of deceit , duplicity and Persian blind man 's bluff in on - off talks with western countries since the existence of suspect nuclear facilities was first exposed .
Now it seems the Iranian regime has been caught red-handed , and clean out of trumps , by the forced disclosure that it is building , if not already operating , a second , secret uranium processing plant .
The revelation will bring a triumphal roar of " told you so ! " from Bush era neoconservatives in the US to hawkish rightwingers in Israel .
The likes of former vice - president Dick Cheney and UN envoy John Bolton , and the current Israeli leader , Binyamin Netanyahu , have long insisted that Tehran 's word could not be trusted .
Yet the argument about who was right and who was wrong about Iran is hardly important at this juncture .
Today 's disclosures have significant , real - time policy - shifting implications for those who must deal with the ever more believable claims that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons capability .
Britain has already changed tack .
Foreign
Office diplomats have been saying privately for months that bigger sticks would be needed this autumn , given Tehran 's endless foot - dragging .
What they knew , but could not say , about its clandestine activities is now in the public domain .
France and Germany can now be expected to stiffen their resolve too .
That means the prospect of effective measures to curb private sector trading and financial transactions with Tehran as well as government and EU level sanctions .
After President Ahmadinejad 's latest bout of Holocaust denial , the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , was in any case in no mood to go easy .
Russia 's new - found readiness to consider the " far tougher " sanctions demanded by Gordon Brown at the UN this week is doubtless linked to this confirmation of Iranian bad faith .
But it also has an evident bilateral dimension in terms of Moscow 's relations with the US .
All those who were writing off Barack Obama last week as a foreign policy lightweight may now reflect at leisure on how he has achieved two major objectives in almost as many days : Russia is back on side , for now at least , thanks to his decision to re-model European missile defence .
And China is now isolated in the security council in opposing new sanctions on Iran – a position it always tries to avoid on any major issue , and which it may now find untenable .
Today 's disclosure , and the concomitant conclusion that Iran 's leaders are congenital double - dealers , will further spur the debate among regional neighbours , in particular Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Egypt , about acquiring nuclear capabilities of their own .
Thus does the feared , fabled Middle East nuclear arms race inch closer .
The fact that Iran has been found out this time hardly makes much difference to the neighbours ' strategic - defensive calculus ; nor does the fact that Obama and Brown are pushing a western nuclear disarmament agenda with unusual vigour .
The west 's " nuclear umbrella " never covered the Arab states in any case .
The question they will ask instead is what else is Tehran up to that they and the west do not know about ?
They will need reassurance .
In the Middle East the balance of terror just shifted dangerously .
For its part Israel will be gratified that Iran , long its " existential " security issue , is now being treated with equal seriousness by western countries and Russia .
Netanyahu and his rightwing cabinet will wait for the " crippling " action against Tehran anticipated by secretary of state Hillary Clinton .
But for different reasons they will also remain sceptical , like China , about whether sanctions will work .
Netanyahu 's deadline , imposed on Obama when he was looking the other way , of an end - of - year deadline for substantive progress in reining in Iran will remain in force , at least on the Israeli side .
The threat thereafter of Israeli military action , against what appears to be an ever - expanding list of targets , remains in place , too .
Yet Obama 's bid to open a dialogue with Iran – the so - called " unclenched fist " – may , conversely , be strengthened by these latest developments .
Iran has been placed on the back foot .
It has been caught lying , again .
It can not convincingly pretend , even to its central Asian friends and fellow travellers like Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez , that it 's a mere innocent victim of Washington 's malice .
Nor can the regime easily tell its own much - abused , much - deceived people – and their moderate and reformist representatives in the Majlis – that it 's all a foreign plot .
This bombshell will weaken supreme leader Ali Khamenei , Ahmadinejad , chief negotiator Saeed Jalili , and the rest of Tehran 's hardliner crew abroad and at home although , as usual , they will try to bluff their way through .
After months of frustration , Obama has forced an opening in Tehran 's defences .
It may not last for long ; Tehran 's sharpers and shysters may have more aces up their sleeves .
But a fleeting opportunity to launch a genuine negotiation is there – if only he plays his cards right .
Read more about the problems with Cap and Trade here .
" Cap and Trade , as envisioned by Go(l ) dman Sachs , is really just a carbon tax structured so that private interests collect the revenues ... cap and trade will allow a small tribe of greedy - as - hell Wall Street swine to turn yet another commodities market into a private tax - collection scheme .
This is worse than the bailout : it allows the bank to seize taxpayer money before its even collected . "
Scott Baker is a Managing Editor & The Economics Editor at Opednews , and a blogger for Huffington Post , Daily Kos , and Global Economic Intersection .
His anthology of updated Opednews articles " America is Not Broke " was published by Tayen Lane Publishing ( March , 2015 ) and may be found here :
http://www.americaisnotbroke.net/
Scott is a former President of Common Ground - NYC ( http://commongroundnyc.org/), a Geoist / Georgist activist group .
He has written dozens of articles for ( more ... )
A simmering controversy over the new City - to - City program at the Toronto International Film Festival heated up a few degrees when Jane Fonda , right , Wallace Shawn and David Byrne signed a letter protesting the selection of Tel Aviv as the year ’s spotlight city .
The protest was set off when the Canadian filmmaker John Greyson pulled his short film “ Covered ” from the festival , which begins on Thursday .
Mr. Greyson and others have complained that the Tel Aviv selection amounts to complicity with an Israeli “ propaganda ” machine and ignores the sufferings and achievements of Palestinians .
Cameron Bailey , who programmed City - to - City , said in an open letter last week that the selection was an independent curatorial decision and had nothing to do with Israeli propaganda .
One thing is certain :
What might have been one of the festival ’s less noticed film series is going to get some attention when it opens on Sept. 11 with an 8:45 a.m. screening of “ A History of Israeli Cinema , Part 1 , ” directed by Raphael Nadjari .
Yet the release of a frail old man is a curious trophy for despot who craves recognition as a universal leader .
One of his first ventures was to imitate Chairman Mao by publishing the Green Book , a convoluted compendium of political philosophy which established a form of democracy without suffrage or parliament , in which people 's committees administered the country .
Like Saddam Hussein , Gaddafi also turned his hand to fiction , writing 15 novels – some with the involvement of Pierre Salinger , President Kennedy 's speechwriter .
However , the main similarity with the Iraqi dictator was the way in which Gaddafi constantly mixed vainglorious statesmanship with callous and brutal actions , using the wealth from his country 's oil reserves to bankroll his schemes .
That cash – estimated to have exceeded £ 1 trillion , with more untapped resources yet to be exploited – funded a rogue 's directory of revolutionary movements from Palestine to the Philippines .
Fishing trawlers carried Armalite rifles and Semtex explosives to the IRA .
Libyan officials acted with murderous impunity at home and abroad : not least in the shooting of WPc Yvonne Fletcher by a member of staff from the Libyan embassy in 1984 .
Toronto FC 's pitch to put down grass at BMO Field has cleared its first major hurdle with the city .
The board of governors of Exhibition Place yesterday voted overwhelmingly in favour of a proposal by TFC owner Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment to spend $ 5.5 million to replace the Field Turf at the city - owned stadium in time for next season 's first home game .
" It 's a no - brainer for us to support it , " said deputy mayor Joe Pantalone , chair of the Exhibition Place .
The three - pronged proposal , which would be completely funded by MLSE , would include $ 3.5 million for the grass installation at BMO Field , $ 1.2 million to put a bubble over city - owned Lamport Stadium to accommodate public use requirements and $ 800,000 to build an artificial turf field at Lakeshore Collegiate Institute .
" It 's a good thing to do for everybody , " Pantalone told the meeting .
" There are no losers in this effort .
" Everybody 's a winner . "
The proposal is expected to be considered by full Toronto city council on Sept. 30 , where Mayor David Miller predicts smooth sailing " because it 's the right thing to do . "
Miller , a TFC season ticket holder , said getting grass at BMO Field will help establish Toronto as " the centre of soccer in Canada " because more national team games will be played at the stadium .
Miller also said it will improve the fortunes of TFC by making it easier for the club to lure top - flight players and keep current ones healthy as there 's a belief an artificial turf field is harder on the body than a natural one .
Since before the $ 63 million stadium opened in 2007 , the Field Turf has been controversial .
This season , criticism of it has intensified as TFC officials and players , led by star Dwayne De Rosario , have said it must be replaced .
" When I see it , I 'll believe it , " De Rosario said with a laugh when told of the timetable to get the artificial surface replaced for next season .
But teammate and fellow Scarborough native Adrian Serioux , who attended the meeting along with Danny Dichio , who announced his retirement earlier this week , said " it 's great to see so many people are backing us " in the push for natural grass .
" If we get this then it 's really just up to us to just go out and perform and produce what they deserve from a team , " Serioux said .
Dichio , who said he moved into a coaching role in part because his body could n't withstand the pounding of the turf , called it " a massive day for the club . "
A key part of the deal to secure public funding for BMO Field was providing year - round public use , which led to Field Turf and a bubble being erected each winter .
Despite shifting public use away from BMO Field , MLSE said its plan for Lamport and Lakeshore Collegiate will actually lead to a 36 per cent increase in overall public access for everything from exercise classes to youth soccer .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
MLSE has also agreed to pay the on - going costs of maintaining the grass and cover any reduction in revenues the city suffers with the shift in public use from Exhibition Place to Lamport in terms of parking a facility rentals .
Talks are also underway with Queen 's Park and Ottawa , which helped fund BMO Field construction , to get the plan endorsed .
Man muss sich nicht anmelden und kann daher sofort mit dem Spielen der Casino Spiele , im Social Casino auf De-Spiele.com loslegen .
Beim Spieleangebot auf De-Spiele.com gibt es zahlreiche Spiele , zwischen denen man wählen kann .
So gibt es hier nicht nur Spiele wie Poker , sondern auch Roulette , um nur zwei der mögliche Spiele auf De-Spiele.com zu nennen .
Bei den Casino Spielen handelt es sich um flash - basierte Spiele .
Neben dieser guten technischen Eigenschaft , kann sich das Spiel individuell anpassen .
So kann man die Casino Spiele mobil auf einem Tablet und auch auf seinem Smartphone spielen .
Spielen kann man die Casino Spiele aber auch auf einem Computer oder auf einem Notebook .
Für das Spielen der Casino Spiele muss man keine App herunterladen und auch keine Software .
Je nachdem mit welchem Endgerät man die Casino Spiele spielen kann , passen sich diese hinsichtllich der Größe und der Auflösung dem Gerät an .
So hat man hier auf dem Tablet oder auf dem Smartphone die gleiche Auflösung und Qualität , als auf einem normalen Computer .
Und das unabhängig auch vom Browser , in diesem werden nämlich die Casino Spiele auf De-Spiele.com gespielt .
Bei der Plattform De-Spiele.com vom Social Casino handelt es sich um ein mehrsprachiges Angebot , so kann man hier die gewünschte Sprache einfach einstellen und dann spielen .
Zum Abschluss sei noch erwähnt , das man auf De - Spiele.com vom Social Casino nichts gewinnen kann .
So gibt es hier weder Sachpreise , noch Gewinne von Echtgeld .
Doch zum Training für Echtgeldspiele in einem anderen Casino eignet sich das Angebot vom Social Casino dann auch nicht .
Beim Angebot vom Social Casino geht es ausschließlich um das Vergnügen , wenn man mindestens 18 Jahre alt ist .
August 22 , 1910
Empire of Japan
annexes Korea
World War I
Summer 1914
Nov. 11 , 1918
December 6 , 1921
Anglo -Irish Treaty
establishes Ireland
as a Free State
June 6 , 1944 - D - Day May 8 , 1945 - V - E Day Aug 14 , 1945 - V - J Day
Jan. 8 , 1959
Castro leads
Communists
Cuban Civil War
October 16 - 28 , 1962
Cuban Missile Crisis
WW3 nearly begins over
Soviet missiles in Cuba
1974 - IRA
bombings
England ,
Ireland
1982 - 1983
Israeli troops
invade Lebanon
Nov 95 - Jan 96
Budget Disputes
twice shut down
US Government June 26 , 2003
Sodomy Laws ruled
unconstitutional by
US Supreme Court China - 1900
Boxer Rebellion Oct 1911 - Feb 1912
Chinese Revolution
Manchu Dynasty to
Republic of China August 10 , 1920
Treaty of Sevres
- Allies & Turkey -
Ottoman Empire ends Jan 10 , ' 46
UN General
Assembly
1st session October 1 , 1949
Chinese Civil War ends
People 's Republic of China
formed by Communists and
Chairman Mao Tse - Tung 1972 - Nixon
visits China 1973
Middle East oil embargo
U.S. energy crisis begins 1992 - MTV's
" Rock the Vote "
rallies 18-25
demographic January 29 , 1993
" Do n't Ask , Don't Tell "
Clinton lifts ban on
" gays in military " Nov. - Dec. 2000
Presidential Election
Fla . Recount Scandal February 14 , 1919
League of Nations
formed - predecessor
of United Nations Feb 25 , 1933 - Japan
Oct 14 , 1933 - Germany
- future Axis powers split
from League of Nations 1948
South Africa
Apartheid begins 1961 - Soviet Union builds Berlin Wall
dividing Europe into East & West Blocs November 9 , 1989 - Berlin Wall falls
ending the Eastern Communist Bloc Amelia Earhart 1932 - 1st woman 2nd person
to fly solo across the Atlantic
- first to fly the Atlantic twice January 11 , 1935
1rst person to fly solo
from Hawaii to California July 2 , 1937
disappeared over S Pacific
near Howland Island
in round world attempt Oct. 6 - 24 , 1973
Yom Kippur War
Isreal vs Egypt & Syria RU - 486 - Mifepristone - " The Abortion Pill " 1980 - antiprogestins invented in France September 2000 - approved by the US FDA
2001
Mad Cow Disease
Britain and Europe 1930 - MIT develops
first Modern Computer
" Differential Analyser " 1972
Munich Olympics
PLO murders 11
Israeli athletes March
28 , '79
Three
Mile
Island
nuclear
accident May 18 , 1980
Mt. St. Helens
volcanic eruption 2000 - DNA sequencing
Human Genome Project
2001
Power crisis
& blackouts
in California Oct '99 - April '02
Second Boer War
British South Africa
Great Floods of ' 27
Mississippi Valley ,
Galicia , Poland &
Kiu -Siu Is. Japan
1956 - 57 - Suez Crisis
Egypt , USSR vs Isreal ,
UK , France , US & UN
June 5 - 10 , 1967
Six Day War
Isreal vs Egypt
April 26 , 1986
Chernobyl USSR
nuclear accident 1995
Chicago
Heat Wave
800 dead
Dec. ' 04 - Jan '05
El Nino causes
California landslides
Arnold Schwarzenegger has California 's economy terminated
Iconic bodybuilder , actor and politician Arnold Schwarzenegger is having really bad times now .
The population of California rejected his package to balance the budget in the economically stricken state .
A huge ‘ black hole ’ - $ 15 billion - appeared in the budget of California .
The Californian electorate is seriously concerned about their governor .
Arnold Schwarzenegger has California 's economy terminated
Over 60 percent of the voters rejected five of the six budget proposals on the ballot as a result of the special election held on May 20 .
A sixth proposal , which bars pay increases for state officials , received the support of 74 percent of the voters .
Mr. Schwarzenegger decided to fire 5,000 state officials last week .
The governor said that the spending on this category of citizens had to be cut .
In addition , the Terminator decided to put up for auction a theme park , the San Quentin state prison and Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum stadium .
Schwarzenegger also put forward an initiative to have a three - billion - dollar cut on education making the school year five days shorter .
Many US newspapers wrote that Schwarzenegger had never been able to find a way out of the crisis during his governorship .
The deficit of the state budget already makes up $ 15 billion and may soon reach $ 21.3 billion .
Boris Pushkarev , a “ Russian American ” told Pravda .
Ru that California had long been considered one of the most prosperous states of the USA .
“ Schwarzenegger ’s goal was to make the average income of a Californian reach the level of $ 5,000 a month .
However , the crisis changed the situation , ” he said .
Economists say that the income of many Californians dropped down to the level of 1938 during Schwarzenegger ’s stay in the office .
“ Arnold ’s governorship was supposed to be an action movie .
Now it ’s a disaster movie , ” John Pitney , a political scientist at Claremont McKenna College , told the Christian Science Monitor .
Local analysts used to say that Arnold Schwarzenegger could try to run for president .
The only problem that he had was the place of his birth : Schwarzenegger was born in Austria in 1947 .
The people born outside the United States are not allowed to run for president .
Schwarzenegger became the governor of California in 2003 and was reelected three years later .
If Mr. Schwarzenegger had had better qualities of a politician , he would have had very good chances to find himself sitting at the desk in the Oval Office – rules would have been changed for him .
Many said of course , that no one would ever let Strong Arnie take a higher position , although the example of Ronald Reagan , one of the most famous US presidents , proves the opposite .
However , the present - day economic situation in California can make Schwarzenegger leave the world of big politics for good .
This may happen already in 2011 .
Sergey Balmasov
Vadim Trukhachev
Pravda .
Ru
Advertisement
If you hate installing all your Firefox extensions , plugins , and custom tweaks when you do fresh system installation , Silence of the Foxes will build you a custom and silent Firefox installation .
Silence of the Foxes works on both Firefox and Thunderbird , although most users will find it most helpful for streamlining Firefox installations .
Advertisement
Download Silence of the Foxes , extract the files , and run the main executable .
You 'll need a Firefox installation file for Silence of the Foxes to unpack and repack .
During the second step you 'll tell it what you want to include in the repack like your search plugins and bookmarks .
The default method is to pull from the existing Firefox installation — which makes it a great way to back up your present installation as - is — but you can jump into the .INI file and change where Silence of the Foxes looks for the Firefox installation and other settings .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Although it was originally designed for earlier versions of Firefox , the structure of directories and locations of key files has remained static and Silence of the Foxes still does a great job repacking all your favorite settings in a silent installation .
Although we did n't have any issues with Silence of the Foxes , we can't emphasize enough the importance of backing up your Firefox profile before tinkering with Silence of the Foxes .
We recommend previously reviewed MozBackup as a quick and easy way to backup your bookmarks , extensions , saved passwords , and more .
Silence of the Foxes is freeware , Windows only .
Advertisement
Silence of the Foxes [ via MakeUseOf ]
Image by Shira Golding via Flickr
Last week in a video from Freedomain Radio was posted in /r / Anarchism with the notice that its host , Stefan Molyneux – apparently an “ Anarcho ” - Capitalist of some renown – was honestly curious about some aspects of Social Anarchism , such an Anarcho - Communism or Anarcho - Syndicalism , and wished that “ someone competent ” from that movement call him to clarify some of his contentions .
Although the fact that he did n’t understand some aspects about this very popular movement and for some reason could n’t find out sources of clarification ( although a wealth of information is at best , one internet search away ) was immediately suspect , I decided to take him up on this “ challenge ” ( Yes I do understand it was n’t a formal challenge , I ’m just using this word for lack of a proper alternative ) .
After some fiddling with the way to call - in I ’ve finally settled to using Skype to call their landline number and soon it was my turn to speak .
You can find the discussion here starting at 22:30 ( I ’ll post the Youtube vid when Stefan uploads it ) .
I ’m not nearly as glib as Stefan and thus you have to suffer through my thick accent and “ umm ” s as I ’m trying to make my point ( although hearing my playback , I do n’t think I was as muffled as he claimed ) .
Which is incidentally why I have not made any videos 😉
Unfortunately I must say that I was disappointed in the end .
While Stefan proclaims his wish to understand the Social Anarchist movement , I got away with the impression that this is simple rhetoric to appear open - minded .
I did n’t get the feeling that he was trying to clarify points he was not sure of , but rather throwing various concepts at me in an attempt to trip me up so that he can take over and proceed to claim intellectual superiority , as you will find out he did .
The points we discussed in rapid succession were :
Does LibCom discard Property Rights ?
How can a society progress from Primitivism to LibCom ?
How does new industry get created ?
How would a future LibCom society work ?
How would you proceed to a future LibCom society ?
Now each of these points , especially the last two , takes some explaining and I could only give the vaguest framework in all of the ~ 15 minutes I was on the phone ( of which I spoke for about 7 at best ) .
In the last one especially , arguably the most detailed and important part of Anarchist thought , I was given the whole of 1 minute before being abruptly cut - off mid sentence .
But what irked me most is that after being cut - off Stefan proceeded in a long - winded monologue in which he assumed ignorance of my part of what a LibCom society would look like and proceeded to claim superiority and attack my presumed ignorance of both the details of the future and of how Free Markets really work .
Needless to say he did n’t make any arguments I could n’t counter , only that I did n’t get a chance .
In fact , I found out this way of kicking off your caller and then making a closing statement without allowing a rebuke as a low trick which does n’t really raise my perception of Stefan a lot .
If he really did n’t have enough time for me , then just leave it at that .
Do n’t silence your opponent so that your argument goes unchallenged .
So here I ’m also going to take the opportunity to address what Stefan said after I was disconnected :
1 . You need to think in some detail .
Here Stefan made the assumption that I did n’t have any details on my ideas other than some vague concept of “ Strikes and so on ” .
This is in fact quite far from the truth and such an impression was only given due to the short amount of time I was given to express them and the constant switching of subjects which was not allowing me to elaborate more on any one of them .
Anarchists have about 150 years of political theory and needless to say that everything that needs it , has been described in as much detail as possible .
Further than that , we also have around 100 years of actual , practical experience in social struggle and revolution which the theories have taken into account and been modified accordingly ( which is the reason for example why social anarchists reject reformist tactics ) .
On the opposite side , AnCaps have at best 60 years of theorizing about a future Utopia of free markets and absolutely no idea how to get there .
Stefan boasted about his 1 year of thinking about this , which is practically nothing in the larger picture of things .
And this is why I was trying to explain that it ’s not worth spending so much time visualizing the perfect AnCap world , when you do n’t have the progression tackled first .
2 . You need to work within the system before you criticize it .
The gist of this argument was basically that unless one is an enepreneur or capitalist , they do n’t understand the system and thus they should refrain from criticizing it .
Here Stefan considers that since his experiences in this have convinced him of the superiority of the Free Markets , then it ’s obvious that someone who criticizes them must not have enough experience to make an educated criticism .
Of course he realized the trap he put himself into , when he admitted that he could also be called on criticizing the government while not being a politician .
He attempted to get out of this by claiming he has enough experience in working with the govt and being educated by them that he can now make an accurate criticism .
However he misses the point that Anarchist and all other critics of the Capitalist system have as much of “ peripheral ” experience of the Capitalist system and the markets as he has of the State .
We too have worked for Entepreneurs .
We too have had to suffer “ market discipline ” .
We too have been educated and propagandized ad infinitum by a system which treats Capitalism as the natural state of affairs .
The indoctrination towards this is as big , if not bigger than the indoctrination towards Statism .
And thus Stefan ’s contention can be turned back upon him .
If he wished to support the system , he should try becoming a wage - slave on a third world country to see how privileged he is currently .
Or he should take an unskilled job at a MacPosition to see how superior the entepreneurs and bosses really are .
There ’s lots of experiences that Stefan has not lived in order to judge Capitalism as a good system , Experiences which the Anarchists and other Socialists have lived through , which is incidentally why the movement was started :
From experiencing the true nature of the system as the majority of the world does rather than the privileged few .
He also did a grave mistake of pointing out programming and web developing as an example of the free market ( that one should experience ) .
A mistake that undermines his own position as an “ Anarcho ” - Capitalist .
You see the environment he works in , is a peculiar one because it differs from a capitalist system in some very important variables .
The most important one , is that the workers own the means of production .
Programming languages are free .
Web Servers are free .
Replication is free .
The only cost one has to start their own business online is the small cost to get a hosting plan , and most often than not , not even that !
As such , to point to the internet as a free market paradise is to concede that a truly free market can only work via Socialism , much like Mutualists have been claiming for ages .
In fact , what Stefan sees and is inspired of , is the kind of thing Tucker was seeing in the 19th century , when the land was free and people could start their own homestead or business at very small upfront cost and retain it .
However , this is not Capitalism , as much as Molyneux would like to redefine it .
Not only that , but actual Capitalism constricts such a development as it is inherently destabilizing to it .
It happened in Tucker ’s age and it is also happening now in the internet .
In closing , I came out of this discussion disillusioned .
For all of Stefan ’s proclaimed wish to understand and speak with the other side , it seems to me that he only wishes to score some easy points with his internet audience .
If he was n’t , he would n’t have been so eager to kick me off his show with vague suggestions of a one - on - one talk without even bothering to learn who I am !
It seems to me that instead of actually understanding what I said , he was all to eager to misrepresent Social Anarchism and cover that by continuously repeating his “ wish to understand . ”
Related articles by Zemanta
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
THE Great Barrier Reef 's chances of survival from even moderate climate change is poor and ' ' catastrophic damage ' ' may not be avoided , the first Reef Outlook Report has found .
And it concludes that the rate of climate change backed by the Federal Government would result in '' severe ' ' coral bleaching and threaten the habitats of key species on the reef .
The five - year study by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority was released yesterday by the Environment Minister , Peter Garrett , who used the occasion to announce a new water - quality plan for the reef .
In a series of dire predictions for the Australian icon , the report finds that carbon in the atmosphere will have to be kept to under 400 parts per million ( ppm ) if animal species and coral are to have a low to medium vulnerability to climate change .
The current level of carbon in the atmosphere is 387 ppm .
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
with 2,074 Twitter followers started this Petition .
http://Twitter.com/angryvoters
Please sign this Petition
by going to
or if you are a member of Twitter.com you can ReTweet
the following text
RT @angryvoters Petition @whitehouse The Torture Probe must include All who Conspired To #torture
The Petition :
President Obama , as you know , our Federal Torture Laws include the crime of Conspiracy To Torture and provide for violators sentences of from 20 years to life .
It is obvious to most voters that certain members of the Bush Administration conspired to render moot our Federal Torture Laws .
We voters believe that act is Conspiracy .
AngryVoters from Denver Colorado USAwith 2,074 Twitter followers started this Petition .
Please sign this Petitionby going to http://act.ly/l3
or if you are a member of Twitter.com you can ReTweetthe following textRT @angryvoters Petition @whitehouse The Torture Probe must include All who Conspired To #torture http://act.ly/l3 #actly # p2 RT to signThe Petition : President Obama , as you know , our Federal Torture Laws include the crime of Conspiracy To Torture and provide for violators sentences of from 20 years to life .
It is obvious to most voters that certain members of the Bush Administration conspired to render moot our Federal Torture Laws .
We voters believe that act is Conspiracy .
We assume that you are not " soft of crime " .
We are sure that you do not advocate a dual standard of justice for America , one for the common voters and another for the rich and elected or appointed political leaders .
We are sure that you would not advocate a system of justice where those that violate Federal Laws in one Administration are protected from investigation and prosecution by their successors in the next Administration .
We know you took an oath to defend our Constitution and enforce our Federal Laws .
We know you have said that " no man is above the law " and " the law is the law " .
We now ask you to be a man of your word and honor the US soldiers who have died for our Constitution and American Rule of Law by expanding the Torture Probe now active in our Justice Department to include All Who Conspired to Avoid or make moot our Torture Laws .
We also ask you to encourage our Justice Department to take the Torture Probe as high as necessary to see that all who approved , ordered or encouraged others to torture are investigated and prosecuted .
Respectfully ,
The Iraqi prisoner Baha Mousa was killed in a revenge attack by British troops because his father had seen soldiers stealing money from a hotel safe , a public inquiry was told today .
Baha Mousa ’s father , Daoud , claimed that his son - who suffered 93 separate injuries - had been picked out for particularly brutal treatment folowing his arrest because he had openly complained about the alleged theft to a British officer .
Giving evidence to the inquiry , Daoud Musa , a police officer in Basra , also said that his son ’s death certificate was changed at the last minute to admit he had been strangled .
Mr Mousa said he had refused to take away the body from a British camp because the document had initially stated the cause of death was a heart attack .
The inquiry was shown a copy of the certificate with the word “ asphyxia ” added following the father ’s protests , signed by a Corporal Sharon Cooper .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Baha Mousa died on 15 September 2003 after being detained at the Ibn al - Haitham hotel in Basra , , where he worked as a receptionist , by troops from the Queen ’s Lancashire Regiment who said they were looking for weapons .
A subsequent court martial in England resulted in the acquittal of six soldiers , including Colonel George Mendonca , the then commanding officer of the regiment which has since amalgamated .
One soldier , Corporal Donald Payne , became the first member of UK armed forces to be convicted of a war crime after pleading guilty to offences under the International Criminal Court Act ( ICCA ) of 2001 in connection with the death .
Corporal Payne , who had conducted a “ choir practice ” where the “ music ” was the cries of pain from the hooded and handcuffed prisoners as they were being beaten , received a 12 months sentence .
At yesterday ’s hearing counsel acting for Corporal Payne , told Baha Mousa ’s father , in the witness box , that his client regretted the death and wanted to apologise to the dead man ’s family , adding “ I hope you will accept that . ”
Mr Mousa responded “ I will not accept an apology from a criminal . ”
Mr Mousa , repeatedly in tears as he gave his testimony , said he had not been asked to give evidence at the court martial which took place in 2007 , and , indeed had not even been informed that the proceedings was taking place .
His belief , he said yesterday , was that the savage beating leading to his son ’s death was the result of the complaint about the theft .
Mr Mousa , who at the time was working for the Iraqi customs service , said he had witnessed “ three of four soldiers ” pocketing cash from a safe they had broken open at the hotel and alerted a British officer he knew as “ Lieutenant Mike ” .
He “ " I thought that it was a violation of English dignity and honour , and the honour of English troops and so I told the officer what I had seen and asked him to give me a signed paper to prove that I had seen the crime and had told him about it . ”
Mr Mousa also gave a written statement to the British officer who then searched a soldier who , it is claimed , was found with notes hidden in his clothing and told to leave the building .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Mousa subsequently asked that his son , who he saw lying face down on the floor along with others detained , should be freed , partly because of the favour he had done in exposing “ the stealing ” by the troops .
" I pointed to my son .
The soldiers were standing by I think they knew the one I was pointing to was my son , therefore they wanted revenge against me . "
He added .
" I believe that my son may have been treated worse than other people because I had made a complaint to Lieutenant Mike that money was being stolen from the hotel safe .
That is certainly the view that was reached by other men who were detained with Baha . "
Mr Mousa said he had no knowledge of claims that the Ibn al - Haitham Hotel had become a meeting place for former members of Ba’athist regime in Basra .
He had been “ forced out by Saddam ” from his post in the Iraqi police because he was a Shia and because he refused to take action against rebels in the intifada of 1991 , he said .
Baha “ hated Saddam “ because of what had been done to his father and , like the majority of the population , had been pleased with the arrival of British troops in Iraq because “ they had got rid of the oppression of Saddam ” said Mr Mousa .
“ We welcomed them , we gave them flowers .
They were walking about around us in the market ” he recalled .
“ But we did not expect what took place , the arrests of innocent people . ”
The hearing continues .
Es wurden keine mit deiner Suchanfrage - site:macrowholefoods.com.au - übereinstimmenden Dokumente gefunden .
Vorschläge : Achte darauf , dass alle Wörter richtig geschrieben sind .
Probiere es mit anderen Suchbegriffen .
Probiere es mit allgemeineren Suchbegriffen .
New Zealand Civil Defence authorities have cancelled the tsunami alert issued following a large earthquake in the Pacific this morning .
The warning was issued after an earthquake measuring 8.3 on the Richter scale hit near the islands of Samoa , sparking a tsunami which killed dozens of people , including at least one New Zealander .
Many houses were wiped out and the death toll continues to rise .
While waves resulting from the quake were recorded in coastal parts of New Zealand this morning and this afternoon , they were n't significant enough to cause damage .
The Ministry of Civil Defence and Emergency Management said wave activity was expected to continue around New Zealand on a diminishing level into the evening .
There was still a likelihood of strong currents in coastal areas , but beach areas were now considered safe .
Local authorities reported being generally pleased with the response this morning to the tsunami warning , despite some people ignoring advice .
That included surfers heading out to catch " the wave " at Makorori beach near Gisborne .
The Gisborne Herald reported that there was some initial confusion in the area as to how serious the threat was as the situation was being dramatised on television while being talked down by local authorities .
There was nevertheless a significant flow of people right along the East Coast heading to higher ground to either get out of harm 's way or get a view of the ocean .
Far North District Council spokeswoman Alison Lees told NZPA that emergency response plans for coastal communities had been set up over the past year and the urgent response to today 's warning was pleasing .
She said locals needed little encouragement from Civil Defence representatives to vacate their low - lying homes as most did so on their own accord after seeing or hearing media reports .
Me Lees said there was a " barely detectable " increase in wave activity from about 10.30 am .
Waikato Civil Defence chairman Peter Lee said sirens were used at various harbours to alert people to the risk and emergency plans were generally well activated .
In the Bay of Plenty the TrustPower TECT rescue helicopter flew along the coast from Waihi Beach to Otamarakau with occupants using a load hailer system to urge residents to evacuate .
Emergency response plans were enacted right down to the bottom of the South Island .
Estimated times of tsunami following Samoa quake which struck at 6.48 am this morning .
MORE AIRLINE SEATS , CARGO SPACE
Blankets , clothing and other aid items have been sent to Samoa on an Air New Zealand passenger jet to assist those who lost possessions in today 's tsunami .
Air NZ airline operations general manager David Morgan said the 777-200 ER plane departed this afternoon with several hundred blankets , over 1000 t- shirts and basic amenity packs with items like toothbrushes and tooth paste from the airline 's stores .
" While these may seem small items , they will be greatly appreciated by those who have been left with nothing or little in the wake of the tsunami ... "
Mr Morgan said .
He said reports were coming in of people turning up at the airport in Apia wearing only pyjamas .
Air NZ was liaising with the New Zealand and Samoan governments and was ramping up its service between Auckland and Samoa tomorrow with a Boeing 777-200 ER replacing a 767 to provide an additional 85 seats and extra cargo space .
There have been over 50 confirmed deaths in the Samoa islands from the tsunami , including a New Zealander , and there have also been reports of deaths in Tonga .
We have some VERY exciting news !
Freecycle.org ( R ) RochesterNY has moved from the Yahoo Groups system to our new My Freecycle site !
The new site has a message maker capability that will allow you to post to
the group easier and allows less room for error .
This allows more posts to
go through to the group without being rejected or edited .
You will need to sign - up on the new website at http://my.freecycle.org.
To sign - up , go to the website and click the Sign - Up link .
Enter in the email address and username of your choice .
You can use the same ID you used on the Yahoo group .
Enter the two captcha words found there , click enter , then click the My Groups link , type in the name of your group and then search for your group .
Next , click on the " Join this group " link .
You are now a member on our new site !
It is very important that you sign up at the new website to continue being a member of this group .
In a short while the Yahoo group will no longer be available for you to use .
You can begin using the new website right away to post messages .
FREECYCLE MEMBERS USE THIS LIST AT THEIR OWN RISK .
Please take reasonable measures to protect your safety and privacy when posting to the list or participating in an exchange .
By joining the list , you agree to hold neither the list owners and moderators nor anyone affiliated with The Freecycle.org Network responsible or liable for any circumstance resulting from a Freecycle.org exchange or communication .
Transactions are between Offerer and Recipient and will not be mediated or arbitrated by Freecycle.org administrators , moderators , or representatives .
Film critic Roger Ebert gave Apple 's VoiceOver technology two thumbs up in allowing him to communicate after losing his voice to cancer surgery , but said his health insurance would only offer to cover an $ 8,000 device that did n't work nearly as well .
Many users with disabilities are barred from choosing cheap , off the shelf technologies by Medicare or private insurance companies who insist on only covering far more expensive devices that do n't work as well .
An article in the New York Times profiled Kara Lynn , a mother who lost her voice to ALS .
To help her communicate , Medicare paid for an $ 8,000 Windows PC running speech synthesis software .
Government rules require the PC be disabled from doing anything other than speech , in the fear that Lynn might benefit from features unrelated to her disability , such as web browsing .
The Times reported that Medicare 's PC vendor , DynaVox , " disables the general computing tools .
After the insurer pays , customers can pay $ 50 to DynaVox to reactivate the full functions . "
Instead of using the " clunky " PC , Lynn bought herself a $ 300 iPhone 3G running a $ 150 text to speech app .
Lynn said that " it worked better and let her ' wear her voice ' around her neck while snuggling with her 5 - year - old son , Aiden , who has Down syndrome . "
Medicare wo n't cover devices like the iPhone however .
Asked why Medicare refused to cover cheaper , better alternatives for users , Peter Ashkenaz , a spokesman for the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services told the Times , " We would not cover the iPhones and netbooks with speech - generating software capabilities because they are useful in the absence of an illness or injury . "
Instead , Medicare reimburses specialty companies who bill it as much as a 2,000 % premium on the hardware they provide .
" Prentke Romich , for example , charges $ 250 for a Bluetooth wireless adapter similar to those that cost $ 20 in stores , " the Times reported .
Death Panel Technology
Responding to the article , Ebert wrote a letter to the editor noting that he was similarly offered an $ 8,000 solution after having lost his ability to speak .
" After trying an $ 8,000 custom device with little computing power and a small , dim screen , I tried the built - in speech software on my MacBook and found it much more practical , " he wrote .
" It will read anything aloud , including what I define on a Web page or in an e-mail message .
Several voices are built into the computer , and others are downloadable at moderate prices .
" I combine talking and Web surfing â for example , sharing a news headline with my wife , " he said .
" Itâs stupid of insurance companies to insist on an inferior device costing 10 times as much . "
The Obama administration is working to enact health care reform efforts to address outdated spending rules and investigate how Medicare can use more efficient and modern technologies .
Critics suggest that any cuts to the status quo of Medicare spending , which would impact a variety of connected companies like DynaVox and Prentke Romich , might instead result in a government euthanasia program that uses death panels to slaughter old people .
Others fear that Obama 's plans to reform health care will result in Medicare being taken over by the government , unaware that Medicare itself is a single payer , government - run healthcare program and has been since 1965 .
A teenager was locked up for three months today after shooting dead her neighbour 's cat with a crossbow .
Chloe O'Connor , 19 , of Hyde , Greater Manchester , had been drinking with her boyfriend when she spotted the cat , called Trouble , on the garden fence next door .
She shot at the six - year - old pet from the bedroom window of her house on Grange Road South , on 22 June this year , Tameside Magistrates '
Court was told today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The bolt pierced his stomach and came out of the other side .
The ginger and white Tom managed to drag itself part of the way home before it collapsed and died .
When officers knocked on her door the next day , former nursery nurse O'Connor admitted shooting the cat , saying : " I did it last night when I was drunk . "
Mark Harper , prosecuting for the RSPCA , said she had caused it to suffer and die a painful death .
He said : " Chloe knew if she hit the cat it would kill it or certainly do some damage to it .
She did not check whether she had hit it , saying it was too dark to see . "
Mr Harper read out a victim impact statement from Trouble 's 51 - year - old owner Giovanni Zazzarino , who rescued him as a kitten .
" He was much loved by me and my two daughters .
I was totally upset when I heard he had been shot .
My daughters are devastated .
I can't believe what has happened .
" I want Chloe O'Connor to be harshly sentenced .
If she has it in her to do that to a cat then what type of person is she ? " he said .
The pair had set up targets in O'Connor 's garden , and police found kitchen units full of holes which they had practised on , the court heard .
Russell Wild , mitigating , said that O'Connor , who had admitted one charge of animal cruelty at an earlier hearing , resigned from her job after the incident .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
He said she was " disgusted and ashamed of herself " , adding that the teenager has received death threats , and had been a prisoner in her home .
Teenagers have pushed things through her letterbox and chanted from outside her house , he said .
A Facebook group called " Chloe O'Connor , Cat Killer " has also been set up .
" It is a shocking offence towards this animal but it is a complete one - off .
She has no previous convictions .
She admitted she had done this from the moment the police came to her door , " Mr Wild said .
Magistrate Brian Goodhand said the incident not only had a psychological effect on the family but also on the community .
Sentencing O'Connor to 12 weeks in a youth offender institute , he said : " Trouble was a much loved family pet .
This is a sad day for the community .
" This was a deliberate and inconsiderate incident while you were under the influence .
We have no good reason to suspend your sentence " .
He also ruled that the teenager cannot own a pet for 10 years .
In a statement after the hearing , RSPCA Inspector Vicki McDonald said she was pleased with the result and hoped it would act as a clear warning that animal cruelty was " wholly unacceptable " .
She added : " This was an horrific and deliberate act of cruelty against an innocent pet .
" Trouble will have suffered unimaginable fear , distress and pain as a result of Miss O'Connor 's actions .
" Although the outcome for Trouble cannot be changed , I hope today 's conclusion goes some way towards comforting and reassuring his owners that justice has been done . "
Long ago I said that if liberals said the Earth was round , while conservatives said it was flat , the news headlines would read “ Shape of the planet : both sides have a point . ”
But I encountered a new wrinkle today .
I was tentatively scheduled to be on a broadcast dealing with — well , I wo n’t embarrass them .
But first they had to find someone to take the opposite view .
And it turned out that they could n’t — which led to canceling the whole segment .
In a way this goes beyond my original point , which was the unwillingness of the news media to referee a controversy by actually reporting the facts .
Now it seems that a fact is n’t worth reporting unless someone is prepared to deny it .
Sign language : week 52
Another selection of amusing signs sent in by readers on their travels .
( Newser ) – An 8.3 - magnitude earthquake struck the area around American Samoa today , generating a tsunami that killed as many as 34 in the US territory and adjacent Samoa , an independent state .
The waves at Pago Pago were 5.1 feet above normal — smaller than originally feared — but tsunami warnings went up briefly throughout the South Pacific , with a watch in effect as far away as Hawaii .
Widespread damage included the flattening of one entire village .
" I can confirm there is damage , I can confirm there are deaths and I can confirm there are casualties , " a police rep in Samoa told Reuters .
( Read more tsunami stories . )
Full Frame features photo essays and conversations with photographers in the field .
See more Full Frame galleries here and here .
This photographic essay documents the culture of violence arising from the drug war in Mexico .
The story was photographed mostly in the notorious barrios of Tepito and Nezahualcoytl in Mexico City .
I also visited Ciudad Juarez where I was able , with the help of local journalists , to document at least a fraction of the rampant violence that has turned the border town into a war zone .
For me , the most important thing when telling this story was to shy away from the cliches and gore commonly presented by the media .
I did n’t want to produce another piece full of guns , the military and dead bodies .
I was more interested in giving a peek into the other side of this conflict , a side I do n’t think has been explored as much .
I hoped to achieve this by focusing on the culture of death in some of these violent barrios , and on the gang members who inhabit and control these neighborhoods .
Over a period of six months , I spent many weekend graveyard shifts riding shotgun on ambulances in Neza , and many days with a leica camera hiding under my coat in Tepito .
It was often too dangerous to take pictures , and I had my life threatened physically on a few occasions .
However , the vast majority of people were very kind to me , and helped me along any way they could .
Tepito , or “ barrio bravo ” ( angry neighborhood ) , is one of the most infamous neighborhoods in Latin America .
It has produced some of the most famous boxers , as well as some of the most notorious gangsters in Mexican history .
It is home to “ La Santa Muerte ” ( Saint Death ) worship , with the most famous altar to Saint Death maintained in the center of the neighborhood .
Saint Death worship , which mixes Catholicism and parts of ancient Aztec death worship , has grown at a rapid pace in recent years , as many in the poorer neighborhoods see death as the only truth in life .
Religion has also been glorified in the narco - culture that is often idolized in the poorer regions .
About the photographer :
A San Francisco native , I studied photojournalism at SFSU , where I was surrounded and inspired by a group of amazing colleagues who push me to this day .
During my university years , I often found myself drawn to take a semester away from school to work on social documentary projects throughout Latin America , mainly focusing on workers rights and social injustice .
My inspiration for this was always my parents , my mother being a first - generation immigrant from Trinidad and my father a paramedic and staunch union activist .
During a long break from school , I drove an old 1972 VW bug across Mexico and landed in Mexico City , where I am based to this day .
My current Mexico work has recently been recognized by Photographer of the Year International , The National Press Photographer ’s Association , Photo District News and the San Francisco Bay Area Press Photographers Association .
I am a 2008 Eddie Adams Workshop Alumni .
See the work of more photographers :
Tim Hussin : Piles of sponges , Bahamas
Khaled Hasan : Living off stones , Bangladesh
Beth Dow :
In a secret garden , Europe
Edwin Koo :
When peace deals break down , Pakistan
He came to my shop around 10.30 am .
You could tell straight away that he had just been released .
His face was bruised all over .
His teeth were broken and he could hardly open his eyes .
He was not even into politics .
He was just an ordinary 18 - year - old in the last year of school .
Before the election he came to me and asked how he should vote .
He looks up to me .
His father is an Ahmadinejad supporter .
He had gone home directly after his release , but his father did not let him in .
He did n't mention he had been raped .
At first , he did n't tell me either .
It was the doctor who first noticed it and told me .
When he came to my shop he collapsed in a chair .
He said he had nowhere to go and asked if he could stay with me .
I called a friend of mine who is a doctor to come home and see him .
Then I brought him home .
His shoulder blades and arms were wounded .
There were some slashes on the face .
No bone fractures , but he was bruised all over the body .
I wanted to take some photos but he did not let me .
The doctor said only four of his teeth were intact , the rest were broken .
You could hardly understand what he said .
Then the doctor told me what had happened .
He had suffered rupture of the rectum and the doctor feared colonic bleeding .
He suggested we take him to the hospital immediately .
They registered him under a false name and with somebody else 's insurance .
The nurses were crying .
Two of them asked what sort of beast had beaten him up like that .
He was a broken man .
He told us not to waste our money on him , and that he would kill himself .
He was arrested in Shiraz on 15 June , the Monday after the election .
Some sturdy young men made a human shield around the demonstrators .
He was among them .
He said he managed to hit some of the anti-riot police .
But then they caught him and beat him up .
" I was kept in a van till evening that day and then transferred to a solitary cell where I was kept for two days , " he said .
" Then I was repeatedly interrogated , beaten and hung from a ceiling .
They call it chicken kebab .
They tie your hands and feet together and hang you from the ceiling , turning you around and beating you with cables .
" They gave us warm water to drink and one meal a day .
Repeated smacking was a regular punishment .
In interrogations , they kept on asking if I was instructed from abroad .
I believed I was going to be sent from the detention centre to prison .
But they sent me to where they called Roughnecks ' Room .
There were some other youths of my age in there .
I asked a guard why I am not sent to prison and the reply was : ' You have to be our guest for a while . '
" I refused to confess during interrogations .
They said : ' Ask your friends what we 'll do to you if you do n't co-operate . '
Others in the room were also arrested on 15 June .
I was tempted to confess at this point but I did n't .
On the third and fourth day , they beat me up again .
They insisted we were instructed from abroad .
I kept on saying we were only protesting for our votes .
" It was on Saturday or Sunday that they raped me for the first time .
There were three or four huge guys we had not seen before .
They came to me and tore my clothes .
I tried to resist but two of them laid me on the floor and the third did it .
It was done in front of four other detainees .
" My cell mates , especially the older one , tried to console me .
They said nobody loses his dignity through such an act .
They did it to two other cell mates in the next days .
Then it became a routine .
We were so weak and beaten up that could not do anything .
" Then the interrogations started again .
They said : ' If you do n't come to your senses we will send you to Adel Abad [ another prison in Shiraz ] to the pederasts ' section so that you receive such treatment every day . '
I was so weak I did not know what to say .
Then they asked for my contacts .
I told them I had no contacts and I was informed about the demonstrations through the internet .
" The same routine was continued till this morning when I was released .
In the last week , there was no interrogation , no beating .
Only rape and solitary confinement . "
This is what he recounted .
But he could n't articulate quite like this .
He was in much physical and mental pain as he talked .
I asked him to tell his story in the hope of making a difference to those still detained .
• Esfandiar Poorgiv is a pseudonym .
Mosca tzé tzé
da Antefatto.it
non siamo ancora tecnicamente una dittatura
il Giornale
le Procure di Milano e di Palermo “ cospirano contro di noi ”
indagato dall ’ aprile del 2007 per appropriazione indebita
società offshore del gruppo Fininvest - Mediaset
ingenti fondi neri
100 milioni di euro nascosti in Svizzera
socio occulto
da indagato a imputato
stragi politico-mafiose
trattative fra pezzi dello Stato e Cosa Nostra
Marcello Dell ’ Utri
Silvio Berlusconi
concorso esterno in associazione mafiosa
un ’esternazione preventiva
( Vignetta di Bertolotti e De Pirro )
Gli approfondimenti dalla rassegna stampa a cura di Ines Tabusso
Segnalazioni
L'8 settembre di Annozero
La lettera che Michele Santoro oggi ha inviato al direttore generale della Rai Mauro Masi , al direttore di Raidue Massimo Liofredi e ai consiglieri di amministrazione , a proposito della nuova edizione di Annozero , che dovrebbe debuttare gioved ì 24 settembre :
Gentili Direttori ,
a due settimane dalla partenza di Annozero nessuno dei contratti dei miei collaboratori è stato ancora firmato ...
Leggi tutto
La frontiera dei diritti .
il diritto della frontiera
Per una legislazione dell ' immigrazione giusta ed efficace
Lampedusa .
11/12 settembre 2009
Scarica la locandina
Mentre muore Mike Bongiorno , il padre della televisione italiana , il killer della televisione italiana annuncia alla Nazione alcune buone notizie .
La prima è cheperché “ un dittatore di solito prima attua la censura e poi chiude i giornali ” e lui s’è fermato per ora al primo punto del programma : i giornali , bontà sua , non li ha ancora chiusi .
Anzi , “ in questi giorni in Italia si è dimostrato che c'è stata la libertà di mistificare , calunniare e diffamare ” , come dimostra .
Che naturalmente non è suo , ma del fratello Paolo : lui ne è soltanto l’utilizzatore finale .
La seconda è che .
Ora , che in questo povero paese ci sia ancora qualcuno che cospira contro il padrone di tutto , mentre la cosiddetta opposizione se ne guarda bene , è una notizia che induce all ’ottimismo .
Ormai si disperava che potesse ancora accadere .
Si spera soltanto che sia tutto vero .
Certamente Silvio Berlusconi è persona informata sui fatti e , se lo dice lui , bisogna credergli .
Lui sa , per esempio , che la Procura di Milano sta chiudendo non una cospirazione , ma un’indagine giudiziaria che lo vede ( con conseguente evasione fiscale ) insieme al presidente Mediaset Fedele Confalonieri e ad altre sette persone .
L’indagine , di cui lui e i suoi legali hanno ricevuto copia della richiesta di proroga nell ’ ottobre del 2007 e che è “ scaduta ” alla vigilia delle ferie , è uno stralcio del processo che vede imputati Berlusconi e altri dinanzi al Tribunale di Milano per le “ creste ” sugli acquisti di diritti televisivi e cinematografici in America da parte di una miriade di .
In quel processo ( congelato dal lodo Alfano in attesa che dal 6 ottobre la Consulta si pronunci sulla costituzionalità o meno del Salva - Silvio ) il premier è imputato per appropriazioni indebite da 276 milioni di dollari , evasioni fiscali per 120 miliardi di lire fino al 1999 e relativi falsi in bilancio .
L’inchiesta - stralcio che sta per chiudersi , invece , riguarda l’accusa - come ha scritto Luigi Ferrarella sul Corriere il 25 giugno scorso - di avere “ mascherato la formazione di ” dirottati dalle casse Fininvest - Mediaset su “ conti esteri gestiti dai suoi fiduciari ” .
Il tutto attraverso la solita compravendita di diritti sui film , negoziati - secondo l’accusa - a prezzi gonfiati con operazioni fittizie tra agenti ( fra i quali il produttore egizian - americano Frank Agrama e l’italiano Daniele Lorenzano ) e società riconducibili a Berlusconi ma occultate ai bilanci consolidati del gruppo .
Un replay della vicenda già approdata in Tribunale , solo che quella si riverbera sui bilanci del gruppo fino al 2001 , mentre questa si spinge anche negli anni successivi per via dell ’ammortamento pluriennale dei diritti tv .
Qui il Cavaliere è indagato per appropriazione indebita a proposito die lì sequestrati dai giudici milanesi nell ’ ottobre del 2005 : un tesoretto occulto intestato al produttore Agrama sui conti di una sua società con sede a Hong Kong , la Wiltshire Trading .
Secondo l’accusa , quei soldi non sarebbero di Agrama , ma di Berlusconi del quale il produttore non sarebbe altro che un prestanome o un “ ” .
L’inchiesta - stralcio prende nome da Mediatrade , cioè dalla società berlusconiana che dal 1999 è subentrata alla maltese
Ims per l’acquisto dei diritti tv , e riguarda una serie di conti esteri dai nomi variopinti ( “ Trattino ” , “ Teleologico ” , “ Litoraneo ” , “ Sorsio ” , “ Pache ” e “ Clock ” ) .
Il Cavaliere sa bene che , scaduti in estate i termini per indagare , la Procura sta per depositare alle difese “ l’avviso di conclusione delle indagini e deposito degli atti ” : una mossa che , in mancanza di una richiesta di archiviazione , prelude alla richieste di rinvio a giudizio che lo trasformerannoPoi c’è Palermo .
Qui il presidente del Consiglio ha voluto essere più preciso : “ E ' una follia che ci siano frammenti di Procura che da Palermo a Milano guardano ancora a fatti del ' 92 , del ' 93 , del ' 94 ” .
In realtà non c’è niente di folle a indagare sulleche hanno insanguinato l’Italia fra il 1992 e il 1993 .
L’unica follia è che , a 17 anni dalle bombe di Palermo , Milano , Roma e Firenze , non se ne siano ancora smascherati e ingabbiati i mandanti occulti , nonché gli autori e gli ispiratori delle .
Ora le indagini paiono a buon punto , grazie alle rivelazioni di persone molto informate sui fatti , come il mafioso pentito Gaspare Spatuzza ( dinanzi alle procure di Caltanissetta , Firenze , Milano e Palermo ) e il figlio dell ’ex sindaco mafioso di Palermo , Massimo Ciancimino .
L’altro giorno , su Libero , Gianluigi Nuzzi parlava di importanti acquisizioni da parte di Ilda Boccassini , che indaga sulla strage di via Palestro del 27 luglio 1993 , e della possibile riapertura del filone investigativo che aveva portato all ’iscrizione di( ma anche di ) per concorso in strage .
Intanto , la prossima settimana , riparte per il rush finale davanti alla Corte d’appello di Palermo il processo di secondo grado a carico di Dell ’ Utri , condannato in primo grado a 9 anni per : la Corte dovrà decidere se ammettere nel fascicolo processuale la lettera che - secondo Ciancimino jr. - Provenzano inviò a Berlusconi tramite Vito Ciancimino e Dell ’ Utri nei primi mesi del 1994 , in cui prometteva appoggi politici in cambio della disponibilità di una rete televisiva , e in caso contrario minacciava un “ triste evento ” ( forse il sequestro o l’uccisione di Piersilvio Berlusconi ) .
Una possibile prova regina del ruolo di cerniera fra Cosa Nostra e Berlusconi svolto per decenni da Dell ’ Utri , rimasta finora nei cassetti della Procura grazie alla “ distrazione ” dei suoi vecchi dirigenti , ora fortunatamente sostituiti da gente più sveglia .
Nulla di segreto : tutto noto e stranoto , almeno nelle segrete stanze ( giornali e telegiornali non si occupano di certe quisquilie ) .
Noto , soprattutto , al Cavaliere .
Il quale ha deciso di giocare d’anticipo .
Così quando gli atti di Mediatrade saranno depositati a Milano e quelli di Palermo saranno acquisiti al processo Dell ’ Utri , lui potrà dire : ve l ’avevo detto che stavano cospirando .
Quella di oggi è. A orologeria .
TUCSON - The two Southeastern Arizona founders of a church that deifies marijuana are both serving time in federal prison for illegal drug possession .
Danuel and Mary Quaintance , both in their 50s , have been unconstitutionally locked up for practicing their faith , said Daniel Jeffrey , an elder with the Church of Cognizance .
The church operates under the motto : " With good thoughts , good words and good deeds , we honor marijuana : as the teacher , the provider , the protector . "
A federal judge in New Mexico sent the Quaintances to prison earlier this year after they pleaded guilty to two criminal counts related to a 2006 federal arrest - one count of conspiracy with intent to distribute 200 pounds or more of a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of marijuana ; and one count of possession with the intent to distribute 100 pounds or more of a substance containing a detectable amount of marijuana ; as well as aiding and abetting .
Danuel Quaintance , a 57 - year - old Vietnam veteran and retired welder , is serving a five - year sentence at a facility at the Federal Correctional Institute in Terminal Island , Calif. , near Long Beach .
Mary Quaintance , 54 , is serving two years at the Victorville Federal Correctional Complex in Adelanto , Calif .
The Quaintances ' home base is a 4 - acre property in Pima , Ariz . , which is about 90 miles northeast of Tucson .
Their children and grandchildren still live on their property , Jeffrey said .
" Dan and Mary are the heads of their family , and it 's been heartbreaking for everyone , " Jeffrey said .
" They are two of the nicest people , with no criminal element whatsoever .
They never profiteered from the herb . "
The pair had attempted to have the charges against them dismissed on the grounds that marijuana is part of their religion .
The U.S. Constitution contains no legally recognizable definition of religion , but courts still can apply a test of sincerity .
The couple thought a 2006 U.S. Supreme Court decision on another religious group 's use of hallucinogenic tea would spare them .
In that case , the nation 's highest court ruled unanimously that a small religious group based in Santa Fe that combines Christianity and American Indian practices could use hallucinogenic tea in its ceremonies .
The tea , called hoasca , contains dimethyltryptamine , or DMT , known for its hallucinogenic properties .
A variety of groups representing millions of members filed briefs supporting O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao Do Vegetal , or UDV , and its use of hoasca - among them the Arizona Civil Liberties Union , the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , the National Association of Evangelicals and the Union for Reform Judaism .
Some supporters likened banning the tea to a federal ban on sacramental wine .
But federal prosecutors said hoasca case did not apply to the Quaintances .
Rather , they argued that religious freedom does not exempt the use of illegal drugs .
A U.S. District Court agreed with the prosecution , and the Quaintances said that 's why they pleaded guilty - without the religion defense , they knew they'd be convicted at trial .
Still , the Quaintances expect an eventual reprieve .
Danuel Quaintance has said he believes the case will one day wind up before the Supreme Court .
There 's no evidence the couple ever grew their leafy , green sacrament .
Rather , they said they relied on donations of it , which they picked up from church " couriers . "
They said that 's what they were about to do when they were arrested in Lordsburg , N.M .
The pair has said they founded their Church of Cognizance in Pima in 1991 .
During an interview with the Arizona Daily Star in 2006 , Danuel said the church had between 40 and 50 members in Arizona , and numerous others scattered throughout the country .
" Marijuana is the averter of death , " he said at the time .
" The energy and spirit that is in marijuana is God .
You consume the plant , and you consume God .
You are sacrificing your body to the deity . "
Jeffrey said the couple 's imprisonment has been crushing to both the church and the integrity of the First Amendment .
" Dan and Mary made a tragic mistake , " Jeffrey said .
" They believed there was freedom of religion in the United States . "
日頃から患者さんの症状や看護に気を配るため、自分たちの健康管理がおろそかになってしまう看護師。
疲労とストレスがたまりやすい仕事なので、健康のみならず美容にも気を配れない人は大変多いのではないでしょうか？
小さな風邪が症状の悪化につながる患者さんもいることから、看護師は自分たちの健康管理に十分気を配りたいところです。
また、夜勤や残業、時には長時間に及ぶ手術など、まさに体力勝負の看護師にとって、スタミナはとても重要。
体力がつけばそれだけ疲れにくくなるので、普段から無理なく続けられる運動を続けておいて損はありません。
何より、運動は気分転換になるので心のリフレッシュに最適ですよ！
「 奈良県健康増進計画 」 や 「健康なら21計画」などを立ち上げ、健康づくりに積極的な奈良で暮らすなら、そこに住む看護師も健康的な体を目指してスポーツを趣味にしてみてはいかがですか？
Edit :
In my haste to post my write - up of these first two days of the conference , I did n’t do much in the way of linking and I forgot to write about one of the coolest things that happened on Saturday , the flying robot blimp .
Bear with me as I edit this post to add some much needed links and visuals .
Friday , July 10 , 2009
After work , I walked over to the Metropolitan Hotel to get my badge .
My kit included a schedule , a large poster , a crimson t- shirt with black Russian - propaganda style Future Ruby logo , a bottle of water , a pack of matches , a patch with the Future Ruby logo on it ( for sewing on to backpacks and the like ) and a TTC pass valid for the length of the convention .
All of this was stuffed inside of a rugged , dark green bag with the Future Ruby patch sewn on it .
This is by and far the best swag I ’ve ever received at a conference , ever .
After that , I got dinner and headed down to Unspace HQ for a wicked awesome patio party .
Unspace HQ seems like an incredible place to work — prime location , lots of outdoor space , and a pretty nice collection of knick knacks , including a working pinball machine — but it is also an excellent space for a party .
The highlight of the night for me was seeing two CF18 ’s doing a fly - by .
Although I ’m not a huge fan of military hardware , watching the way that they turned through the air was a unique experience .
I went home early to give myself enough time to commute home and get at least 5 - 6 hours of sleep for the next day .
Rumor has it that pregnancy does n’t just lead to swollen ankles , an insatiable need for peanut butter and a belly that causes what I will have to assume are otherwise polite people to ask if you ’re having twins .
Rumor has it that pregnancy quite often leads to teacup humans , and those teacup human need to be “ delivered ” from one world to another .
Oh my god , I am going to have to birth a baby , are n’t I ?!
Fortunately for all of us , this is not the kind of blog where I would subject you to the details of delivery , in part because I plug my ears and say “ la la I ca n’t hear you ” when anyone brings them to my attention and in part because I ’m in the practice of encouraging appetites and well … you know .
I am also , or at least currently , in the practice of bribery ; shameless , unapologetic , unequivocal bribery .
I am Deb , I publish the Smitten Kitchen , and if I cannot make brownies good enough that no labor and delivery nurse would even consider passing my room by when I ’m ringing a buzzer , then I might as well turn in my URL right now .
I might not have a crib or changing table for this baby ( 4 weeks !
or so !* ) , any great skill in the unbitchy - while - functioning - without - sleep department and I might ( might !
I admit nothing ! ) have demanded that my epidural request be put on file the day my third trimester began but I have made killer cheesecake - marbled brownies , individually wrapped them in the freezer and added the item “ Baked Goods Bribery For Nurses ’ Station ” to my hospital packing list .
This I can do right .
They ’ll be a hit .
*
And yes , I know that newborns do n’t actually need a crib or changing table , or so the Internet tells me , which is why we have lined an empty drawer with softly shredded newspaper to use in the interim .
One year ago : Braised Romano Beans
Two years ago : Apple - Yogurt Cake
Three years ago : Giardiniera
Cheesecake - Swirled Brownies
Adapted from Gourmet , June 2007
It ’s true , I have made these before .
Well , not these , a different recipe and they ’re good , great even , but I ’ve always wanted to fix it up a little .
That brownie recipe is wonderful , but not simplified enough for a two - step process and there was never enough cheesecakiness ( oh yes , it is a word ) to balance it .
Also , my mother has always made hers with chocolate chips swirled into the cream cheese and although I feel that a good brownie should not need extra chocolate in the form of frosting or chips to make it work , it sure cuts fantastically through the cream cheese swirl .
Thus , three changes and a new recipe was warranted .
Make these instead .
I added the aforementioned chocolate chips and more unsweetened chocolate to the brownie recipe , as commenters seemed to feel it was not chocolaty enough .
I do n’t think anyone could make the same argument about these .
Makes 16 2 - inch square , thick brownies
Brownie batter
1 stick ( 1/2 cup or 4 ounces ) unsalted butter , cut into pieces
3 ounces unsweetened chocolate , chopped
1 cup sugar
2 large eggs
1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2/3 cup all - purpose flour
Cheesecake batter
8 ounces cream cheese , well softened
1/3 cup sugar
1 large egg yolk
1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Plus
1/2 cup semisweet chocolate chips
Make brownie batter :
Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350 °F .
Butter an 8 - inch square baking pan .
Heat butter and chocolate in a 3 - quart heavy saucepan — though I did mine double - boiler style , placing the mixing bowl I was using over simmering water , thereby creating one less dirty dish and melting the chocolate more gently — over moderately low heat , whisking occasionally , just until melted .
Remove from heat and whisk in sugar , eggs , vanilla , and a pinch of salt until well combined .
Whisk in flour until just combined and spread in baking pan .
Make cheesecake batter :
Whisk together cheesecake batter ingredients in a small bowl until smooth .
Dollop over brownie batter , then swirl in with a knife or spatula .
[ I actually like using a butter knife because the tip of it is round enough that you can use it to fold bits of the brownie batter over the cheesecake batter for a more visibly marbled effect .
Try it ! ]
Sprinkle chocolate chips over cheesecake / brownie batter swirl .
Although it might be more logical to just mix them into the cheesecake batter ( and feel free to do this , it will have no ill - effect ) I thought it might interrupt the swirl - ability of it .
Bake brownies :
Bake until edges are slightly puffed and center is just set , about 35 minutes .
Serve warm or at room temperature .
Slicing tip : I like to chill my brownies until they ’re almost frozen before cutting them .
It makes it much easier to get a clean slice .
I also like to eat my brownies super - cold , but that ’s just personal taste .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
MA KA HAN NYA HA RA MIT TA SHIN GYO
Great Prajna Paramita Sutra
KAN JI ZAI BO SATSU GYO JIN HAN NYA HA RA MIT TA JI SHO KEN GO
Avalokitesvara bodhisattva practice deep prajna paramita when perceive five
UN KAI KU DO ISSAI KU YAKU
skandas all empty .
relieve every suffering .
SHA RI SHI SHIKI FU I KU KU FU I SHIKI SHIKI
Sariputra , form not different ( from ) emptiness .
Emptiness not different ( from ) form .
Form
SOKU ZE KU KU SOKU ZE SHIKE JU SO GYO SHIKI YAKU
is the emptiness .
Emptiness is the form .
Sensation , thought , active substance , consciousness , also
BU NYO ZE
like this .
SHA RI SHI ZE SHO HO KU SO FU SHO FU METSU FU KU FU JO
Sariputra , this everything original character ; not born , not annihilated not tainted , not pure ,
FU ZO FU GEN ZE KO KU CHU MU SHIKI MU JU SO GYO
( does ) not increase , ( does ) not decrease .
Therefore in emptiness no form , no sensation , thought , active substance ,
SHIKI MU GEN NI BI ZETS SHIN NI MU SHIKI SHO KO MI SOKU HO MU GEN
consciousness .
No eye , ear , nose , tongue , body , mind ; no color , sound , smell , taste , touch , object ; no eye ,
KAI NAI SHI MU I SHIKI KAI MU MU MYO YAKU MU MU MYO
world of eyes until we come to also no world of consciousness ; no ignorance , also no ignorance
JIN NAI SHI MU RO SHI YAKU MU RO SHI JIN MU KU SHU
annihilation , until we come to no old age , death , also no old age , death , also no old age , death , annhilation of no suffering , cause of suffering ,
METSU DO MU CHI YAKU MU TOKU I MU SHO TOK KO BO DAI SAT TA E
nirvana , path ; no wisdom , also no attainment because of no attainment .
Bodhisattva depends on
HAN NYA HA RA MIT TA KO SHIN MU KE GE MU KE GE KO MU U KU FU ON RI
prajna paramita because mind no obstacle .
Because of no obstacle no exist fear ; go beyond
I SSAI TEN DO MU SO KU GYO NE HAN SAN ZE SHO BUTSU E HAN
all ( topsy - turvey views ) attain Nirvana .
Past , present and future every Buddha depend on prajna
NYA HA RA MIT TA KO TOKU A NOKU TA RA SAN MYAKU SAN BO DAI
paramita therefore attain supreme , perfect , enlightenment .
KO CHI HAN NYA HA RA MIT TA ZE DAI JIN SHU ZE DAI MYO SHU
Therefore I know Prajna paramita ( is ) the great holy mantram , the great untainted mantram ,
ZE MU JO SHU ZE MU TO DO SHU NO JO IS SAI KU SHIN JITSU FU KO
the supreme mantram , the incomparable mantram .
Is capable of assuaging all suffering .
True not false .
KO SETSU HAN NYA HA PA MIT TA SHU SOKU SETSU SHU WATSU
Therefore he proclaimed Prajna paramita mantram and proclaimed mantram says
GYA TE GYA TE HA RA GYA TE HA RA SO GYA TE BO DHI SO WA KA
gone , gone , to the other shore gone , reach ( go ) enlightenment accomplish .
HAN NYA SHIN GYO
NEGA WA KU WA KO NO KU DO KU O MOTTE A MA NE KU ISSAI NI OYO
What we pray , this merit with universally all existence Pervade ,
BO SHI WARE RA TO SHU JO TO MI NA TO MO NI BUTSUDO O JYO ZEN KO TO
we and sentient being all with Buddhism achieve
this ( What I pray is that this merit pervade universally and we Buddhists and all sentient beings achieve
Buddhism . )
JI HO SAN SHI I SHI HU SHI SON BU SA MO KO SA
Ten directions past , present and future all Buddhas The world honoured one .
Bodhisattva , great Bodhisattva ,
MO KO HO JA HO RO MI
great Prajna - paramita .
Next month parents in England and Wales who take part in any formal agreement to look after children – even if it is as little as once a month – will be told they have to register with the new Independent Safeguarding Authority ( ISA ) – at a cost of £ 64 .
From next summer , parents who have failed to register with the ISA could face prosecution .
WASHINGTON , Sept 11 ( Reuters ) - A federal appeals court on Friday dismissed a lawsuit against two U.S. defense contractors by Iraqi torture victims , saying the companies had immunity as government contractors .
The lawsuit was filed in 2004 on behalf of Iraqi nationals who say they or their relatives had been tortured or mistreated while detained by the U.S. military at the Abu Ghraib prison .
The plaintiffs sued CACI International Inc
CACI .N
, which provided interrogators at Abu Ghraib , and L - 3 Communications Holdings Inc's
LLL.N
Titan unit , which provided interpreters to the U.S. military .
By a 2 - 1 vote , the appellate panel found the two companies had government contractor immunity and the claims were preempted , based on a 1992 U.S. Supreme Court ruling and other precedents in the national security and foreign policy areas .
" During wartime , where a private service contractor is integrated into combatant activities over which the military retains command authority , a tort claim arising out of the contractor 's engagement in such activities shall be preempted , " Judge Laurence Silberman said in the ruling .
Judge Merrick Garland dissented .
" No act of Congress and no judicial precedent bars the plaintiffs from suing the private contractors -- who were neither solders nor civilian government employees , " he said .
" The plaintiffs in these cases allege that they were beaten , electrocuted , raped , subjected to attacks by dogs and otherwise abused by private contractors working as interpreters and interrogators at Abu Ghraib prison , " Garland wrote .
Attorneys representing the victims and their families had argued the contractors were not immune because the alleged torture at the prison fell outside the scope of the work they had agreed to perform .
A federal judge in 2007 dismissed the claims against Titan because the translators performed their duties under the direct command and exclusive operational control of the military .
But the judge ruled the lawsuit against CACI could go forward because its interrogators were subject to a dual chain of command involving company and military officials , with significant independent authority retained by CACI supervisors .
The appeals court disagreed and ruled that claims against both companies must be dismissed .
( Editing by Todd Eastham )
Longtime American political columnist Robert Novak has died at 78 after battling brain cancer .
The Chicago Sun-Times said Novak 's wife , Geraldine , confirmed the journalist passed away at his home in Washington , D.C. , Tuesday .
" He was someone who loved being a journalist , loved journalism and loved his country and loved his family , " Geraldine told the newspaper .
Novak , a Conservative columnist for the Sun - Times since 1966 , was co-host of CNN's Crossfire from 1980 to 2005 , when he left to join Fox News .
In recent years , he became a newsmaker himself .
In 2003 , he was the first to publish the name of Valerie Plame as a CIA operative .
That column came just eight days after Plame 's husband , U.S. diplomat Joseph Wilson , said the Bush administration had distorted prewar intelligence to amplify the Iraqi threat .
Novak has said he has been criticized many times over since that column and lost his standing among many in journalism .
He was diagnosed with a brain tumour in July 2008 , just a week after he hit a homeless man with his car in downtown Washington and tried to drive away .
He was stopped by someone and has said that he never realized what had happened .
Days later , he lost his way driving to his dentist 's office .
That triggered a medical examination that uncovered the tumour .
His doctor told him he had six months to a year to live .
In a column , Novak expressed wonder about the well - wishers that emerged after he revealed his condition .
" I thought that 51 years of rough and tumble journalism had made me more enemies than friends , but my recent experience suggests the opposite may be the case , " he wrote in 2008 .
Novak had been retired for a year already at the time of his death .
In a tribute to her friend , Newsweek columnist Eleanor Clift , a self - described liberal , called Novak a " scruffy , shoe - leather reporter " who became a political insider and a must - read in Washington 's political circles .
Federal Reserve “ Independence ”
22 July 2009 at 2:46 pm Peter G. Klein
| Peter Klein |
I was invited to sign the Open Letter in support of Fed independence but , like Jerry O’Driscoll , Bob Higgs , and Larry White , I do n’t support the cause .
Follow the links above for detailed arguments .
For my part :
1 . The Open Letter focuses exclusively on monetary policy , as if the Fed ’s Congressional critics like Ron Paul just want to know how the Federal Funds Rate is set .
But the Fed conducts not only monetary policy , but fiscal policy as well , especially during the last 18 months .
If the Fed can buy and hold any assets it likes , if it works hand - in - hand with the White House and the Treasury to coordinate trillion - dollar bailouts , is n’t it reasonable to have some oversight ?
( And do n’t forget bank supervision .
Even the Fed ’s defenders recognize a need to separate its monetary - policy and bank - supervision roles .
But as long as the Fed continues as a bank regulator , should n’t someone should be watching the watchmen ? )
2 . The Open Letter itself is poorly crafted , full of unsubstantiated assertions and misleading statements .
There ’s no argument there , as Higgs emphasizes .
Actually , neither the time - series or cross-sectional evidence suggests any correlation between central - bank independence ( whatever that means ) and economic performance .
3 . More generally , the Fed is a central planning agency , and it performs about as well as every central planning agency in history .
Have we learned nothing from the huge literature on comparative economic systems ?
“ Independence , ” in this context , simply means the absence of external constraint .
There are no performance incentives and no monitoring or governance .
There is no feedback or selection mechanism .
There is no outside evaluation ( outside the blogosphere ) .
Why on earth would we expect an organization operating in that environment to improve social welfare ?
Is this institution run by men , or gods ?
Email
Print
Facebook
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Related
Entry filed under : - Klein -, Bailout / Financial Crisis , Financial Markets , Institutions , Management Theory , Myths and Realities .
Private
Beautiful Minds
" One reason to suspect that depression is an adaptation , not a malfunction , comes from research into a molecule in the brain known as the 5HT1A receptor .
The 5HT1A receptor binds to serotonin , another brain molecule that is highly implicated in depression and is the target of most current antidepressant medications .
Rodents lacking this receptor show fewer depressive symptoms in response to stress , which suggests that it is somehow involved in promoting depression .
( Pharmaceutical companies , in fact , are designing the next generation of antidepressant medications to target this receptor . )
When scientists have compared the composition of the functional part rat 5HT1A receptor to that of humans , it is 99 percent similar , which suggests that it is so important that natural selection has preserved it .
The ability to “ turn on ” depression would seem to be important , then , not an accident .
This is not to say that depression is not a problem .
Depressed people often have trouble performing everyday activities , they ca n’t concentrate on their work , they tend to socially isolate themselves , they are lethargic , and they often lose the ability to take pleasure from such activities such as eating and sex .
Some can plunge into severe , lengthy , and even life - threatening bouts of depression .
So what could be so useful about depression ?
Depressed people often think intensely about their problems .
These thoughts are called ruminations ; they are persistent and depressed people have difficulty thinking about anything else .
Numerous studies have also shown that this thinking style is often highly analytical .
They dwell on a complex problem , breaking it down into smaller components , which are considered one at a time .
This analytical style of thought , of course , can be very productive .
Each component is not as difficult , so the problem becomes more tractable .
Indeed , when you are faced with a difficult problem , such as a math problem , feeling depressed is often a useful response that may help you analyze and solve it .
For instance , in some of our research , we have found evidence that people who get more depressed while they are working on complex problems in an intelligence test tend to score higher on the test .
Analysis requires a lot of uninterrupted thought , and depression coordinates many changes in the body to help people analyze their problems without getting distracted .
In a region of the brain known as the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex ( VLPFC ) , neurons must fire continuously for people to avoid being distracted .
But this is very energetically demanding for VLPFC neurons , just as a car ’s engine eats up fuel when going up a mountain road .
Moreover , continuous firing can cause neurons to break down , just as the car ’s engine is more likely to break down when stressed .
Studies of depression in rats show that the 5HT1A receptor is involved in supplying neurons with the fuel they need to fire , as well as preventing them from breaking down .
These important processes allow depressive rumination to continue uninterrupted with minimal neuronal damage , which may explain why the 5HT1A receptor is so evolutionarily important . "
“ There is , however , one common denominator in all the theories : anxiety is the awareness of unsolved conflicts between structural elements of the personality , as for instance conflicts between unconscious drives and repressive norms , between different drives trying to dominate the center of the personality , between imaginary worlds and the experience of the real world , between trends towards greatness and perfection and the experience of one ’s smallness and imperfection , between the desire to be accepted by other people or society or the universe and the experience of being rejected , between the will to be and the seemingly intolerable burden of being which evokes the open or hidden desire not to be .
All these conflicts , whether unconscious , subconscious , or conscious , whether unadmitted or admitted , make themselves felt in sudden or lasting stages of anxiety . ”
" Anxiety turns toward courage , because the other alternative is despair .
Courage resists despair by taking anxiety into itself .
...
This Analysis gives the key to understanding pathological anxiety .
He who does not succeed in taking his anxiety courageously upon himself can succeed in avoiding the extreme situation of despair by escaping into neurosis .
He still affirms himself but on a limited scale .
Neurosis is the way of avoiding nonbeing by avoiding being .
In the neurotic state self - affirmation is not lacking ; it can indeed be very strong and emphasized .
But the self which is affirmed is a reduced one .
... less than [ the ] essential or potential being .
...
The neurotic is more sensitive than the average man to the threat of nonbeing .
And since nonbeing opens up the mystery of being he can be more creative than the average .
This limited extensiveness of self - affirmation can be balanced by greater intensity , but by an intensity which is narrowed to a special point accompanied by a distorted relation to reality as a whole .
Even if pathological anxiety has psychotic traits , creative moments can appear .
There are sufficient examples of this fact in the biographies of creative men .
And as the example of the demoniacs of the New Testament shows , people far below the average can have flashes of insight which the masses and even the disciples of Jesus do not have : the profound anxiety produced by the presence of Jesus reveals to them in a very early stage of his appearance his messianic character .
The history of human culture proves again and again neurotic anxiety breaks through the walls of ordinary self - affirmation and opens up levels of reality which are normally hidden .
...
The difference between the neurotic and the healthy ( although potentially neurotic ) personality is the following : the neurotic personality , on the basis of his greater sensitivity to nonbeing and consequently of his profounder anxiety , has settled down to a fixed , though limited and unrealistic , self - affirmation .
This is , so to speak , the castle to which he has retired and which he defends with all means of psychological resistance against attack , be it from the side of reality or from the side of the analyst .
And this resistance is not without some instinctive wisdom .
The neurotic is aware of the danger of a situation in which his unrealistic self - affirmation is broken down and no realistic self - affirmation takes its place .
The danger is either that he will fall back into another and much better defended neurosis or that with the breakdown of his limited self - affirmation he will fall into an unlimited despair .
The situation is different in the case of the normal self - affirmation of the average personality .
That is also fragmentary .
The average person keeps himself away from the extreme situations by dealing courageously with concrete objects of fear .
He usually is not aware of nonbeing and anxiety in the depth of his personality .
But his fragmentary self - affirmation is not fixed and defended against an overwhelming threat of anxiety .
He is adjusted to reality in many more directions than the neurotic .
He is superior in extensity , but he is lacking in the intensity which can make the neurotic creative .
His anxiety does not drive him to the construction of imaginary worlds .
He affirms himself in unity with those parts of reality which he encounters ; and they are not definitively circumscribed .
This is what makes him healthy in comparison with the neurotic .
The neurotic is sick and needs healing because of the conflict in which he finds himself with reality .
In this conflict he is hurt by the reality which permanently penetrates the castle of his defense and the imaginary world behind it .
...
There is a moment in which the self - affirmation of the average man becomes neurotic : when changes of the reality to which he is adjusted threaten the fragmentary courage with which he has mastered the accustomed objects of fear .
... [ These changes ] make the average man a fanatical defender of the established order .
He defends it as compulsively as the neurotic defends the castle of his imaginary world .
He loses his comparative openness to reality , he experiences an unknown anxiety .
...
This is the explanation of the mass neuroses which usually appear at the end of an era .
... ' periods of existential anxiety ' . "
Why do creative and / or intelligent people often suffer from some kind of mental illness , or at least bouts of , if not a steady , depression ?
Citing too many examples seems unnecessary as it's brought to mass attention enough - suicidal rock stars , mathematicians , alcoholic / drug - addicted artists , missing ears , and so on .
" A Beautiful Mind " , referenced in the post 's title , addressed this very phenomenon ( albeit , only in one man ) .
" Pollock " seems less well - known , but also excellent & shows how a creative was both raised and brought to his knees by his extra-ordinary thinking .
I 've been interested in this topic for a very long time , and I wonder not only why the two seem to go hand - in - hand , but is there some causality ?
Is it that being different and therefore often ostracized for these differences makes one fall into depression ?
That does n't seem to explain it - what about visionaries like Yayoi Kusama who were " insane " before their creative inclinations forced them to express what they imagined ?
Then , does that mean that most of these individuals are in some way " mad " to begin with , and therefore are able to come up with other ways of looking at things than those of us who think " normally " ?
A little while ago I came across this hour - long documentary about brilliant mathematicians who committed suicide , called " Dangerous Knowledge " :
If you do n't have time to watch that , then perhaps read the short synopsisOr , this : A list of the Top 10 Scientists who Committed Suicide Not only is it tragic that our most brilliant thinkers fall into these states , but it makes the very thought of pursuing intelligence and going into any ... well , I do n't want to say career , in this case it 's more like a life - long obsession , a love ... but in any case , it 's almost scary to even wander into " that field " knowing how one feels while there ; knowing the effects that prolonged exposure had on others .
The other day , I finally found what might just be an answer - in Scientific American suggests that depression may have evolutionary roots , and gives what seems to be a highly sensical & probable explanation as to why thinkers tend to be more susceptible to depressive symptoms : - Paul W. Andrews and J. Anderson Thomson , Jr.Scientific American , August 25 , 2009
If itactually a selected trait , a feature rather than a a malfunction , it seems to be a little bit counter - productive ... but , if it is true , then by the looks of it it means that the chicken - or - egg question is at least solved for this case , because they are not mutually exclusive but rather arrive at once , or , when one " needs " the other .adding to the initial research .
These is a book called " The Courage to Be " , in which theologian Paul Tillich writes about Anxiety and Courage , our constant battle with the former ( mostly existential anxiety ) , and the effects of such ( on the modern man ) .
A common anxiety :
And then , this one speaks exactly about my initial questions — what is the place of neurosis within the creative ; why is it there ? —
These are some sound answers :
アラン・チューリングの名誉回復のキャンペーンを主導した人のブログ。
フットワークの軽さにかつての小渕首相も思い出しますが。
ホモフォビアに関して明瞭にメッセージを出せる人権感覚のある首相というのも、自分とこの会社で捕虜働かせて死なせたのを誤魔化しっぱなしな首相ってのと比べると悲しくなります。もっとも、ブラウン首相も政権交代されそうな状況にあるようですが。
http://www.jgc.org/blog/2009/09/hello-john-its-gordon-brown.html
やあ、ジョン。ゴードン・ブラウンです。
昨晩英国首相ゴードン・ブラウンはアラン・チューリングの「治療」に関しての明確な謝罪を求める請願に対しての長い声明文を発表した。
不運にもインフルエンザで静養していたもので、驚きのイベントにでくわせたのもほんとに偶然。
昨晩、金曜の仕事の約束があるのでメールチェックしないとと思って（調子悪い時はしないようにしている）ログインしたら、こんなメールが。
ジョン、あなたの請願に関して緊急の用件があるので、電話をいただけないでしょうか。
ご協力感謝します 。
Kirsty xxxxxxx
10 Downing St , SW1A 2AA
Tel : 020x xxxx xxxx
なもので、かけてみた。電話番号はダウニング街の代表で、カースティが私に、政府がアラン・チューリングの治療に関して謝罪しようとしていることを伝えた後に、彼女は「ゴードンはあなたと話したがっている」と言った。
数分後、電話がなり、柔らかいスコットランドなまりで「やあジョン、ゴードン・ブラウンです。私が電話をかける理由もお分かりかと思いますが」
そして、さらに述べ続けた。彼は私にキャンペーンへの謝意を伝え、チューリングが不名誉なままあまりにも長く放置されたこと、ゴードンが私を'勇敢だ'と思ったこと（なんでかなー）、同性愛忌避の法律とその法律に影響された人々の生み出したひどいものについて話した。
私は言葉を失っていた。首相から私に電話がかかってくるなんて！
こんな風になるなんて誰も思っていなかっただろう。
そして多くの人は気づいてないんだろうけど、この「キャンペーン」は一人のスタッフで成り立っていたのだ、私一人。多くの人々が熱狂的にtwitterやブログや他の方法で言葉を伝えていってくれたけど、私は、「これ」をおこすために多くの時間を、報道機関を促したり、著名人に連絡をとったり、運動を維持し続けたりするのに使ってきた。いつかちゃんと一連の話をしようかな。
ほとんどの計画は、通勤途中のロンドン二階建てバスのデッキで行った。
30分の落ち着いた時間とiPhoneでできることって本当にすごいよね。
でも本当に私がしないといけないのは、請願に署名してもらった30000人の人たちに感謝することだし、まだ小さい話だったときにちゃんと追っかけてくれたメディア（特にthe Manchester Evening News , BBC Radio Manchester , The Independent and BBC Newsnight ）、にも感謝することだ。私にインタビューをして最初に話を転がしだしてくれた性的マイノリティのメディアの皆さんにも感謝している。そして多くの人に話を広げてくれた、リチャード・ドーキンスやスティーブン・フライ（作家、俳優）のようなビッグネームにも感謝する。そして、ゴードン・ブラウンにも。貴方の私との会話は真摯なものだったし、謝罪もわかりやすく筋が通ったものだった。
本当にすごい収穫だった！
私にとっては、私のキャンペーンの終わりだ。でも、他の人たちにとってはそうではない。Bletchley Park（訳注：エニグマを破った科学者達が作業していた施設）や大英博物館の情報科学部門が維持されていくのに必要な予算を確保することは重要なことだ。
Criminal trials in Japan have more than a 99 % conviction rate Prisoners on death row in Japan are being driven towards insanity by harsh conditions , according to human rights group Amnesty International .
The group is calling for an immediate moratorium on all further executions and for police interrogation reform .
A total of 102 prisoners face execution in Japan .
Many of them are elderly and have spent decades in near isolation .
International human rights standards prohibit the imposition of the death penalty on the mentally ill .
In Japan , where criminal trials have a 99 % conviction rate , the death penalty has wide public support .
AMNESTY REPORT Hanging By A Thread : Mental Health and the Death Penalty in Japan Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Reader Download the reader here But Amnesty 's UK director Kate Allen called on the government to immediately halt executions .
" Rather than persist with a shameful capital punishment system , the new Japanese government should immediately impose a moratorium on all further executions , " she said .
Ms Allen called the death - row system a " regime of silence , isolation and sheer non-existence " .
She said that the Japanese practice of informing prisoners that they would be killed with only a few hours notice was " utterly cruel " .
Isolation According to the report - which researchers said had been challenging to compile due to the secrecy of the country 's justice system - the conditions faced by many death row prisoners are making them mentally ill .
JAPANESE EXECUTIONS 102 prisoners currently on death row 15 people executed last year Hakamada Iwao has been on death row for more than 40 years According to Amnesty , some death row prisoners have no visitors for years Death row prisoners , according to Amnesty , are not allowed to speak to other inmates and are held in isolation .
Apart from twice or thrice - weekly exercise sessions , they are not even allowed to move around their cells but must remain seated , the group says .
As a result , many are now suffering from mental illnesses and are delusional .
According to Japan 's code of criminal procedure , if a person condemned to death is in a state of insanity , the execution shall be stayed by the justice minister .
But , Amnesty says , executions of inmates who exhibit signs of mental illness - caused by the extreme conditions and the sheer length of their detention - continue .
Between January 2006 and January 2009 , the group says , 32 men were executed - including 17 who were older than 60 .
Five of this group were in their seventies , making them among the oldest executed prisoners in the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From Simon Critchley ’s The Book of Dead Philosophers :
In a text called Auto - Icon : or , Farther uses of the dead to the living , Bentham gave careful instructions for the treatment of his corpse and its presentation after his demise .
If an icon is an object of devotion employed in religious ritual , then Bentham ’s “ Auto - Icon ” was conceived in the spirit of irreligious jocularity .
The “ Auto - Icon ” is a godless human being preserved in their own image for the small benefit of posterity . [. . .]
As such , Bentham ’s body is a posthumous protest against the religious taboos surrounding the dead [. . .]
Bentham ’s body was dissected and his skeleton picked clean and stuffed with straw . [. . .]
Sadly , the mummification process went badly wrong and a wax head was used as a replacement .
The original , rotting and blackened head used to be kept on the floor of the wooden box between Bentham ’s feet .
However , the head became a frequent target for student pranks , being used on one occasion for football practice in the front quadrangle .
Van Buren Elementary fourth - grader Nathan Johns thought his teacher was kidding when he instructed him to go to the bathroom and turn his Yankees T - shirt inside out .
The blue shirt read “ New York No. 52 ” on the front and “ Sabathia ” for the New York Yankees ’ pitcher CC Sabathia , on the back .
“ I thought to myself ‘ Is he serious or is he kidding , ’ ” said Nate , 9 , a student in Peter Addabbo ’s fourth - grade class .
“ But he had this look like he was n’t kidding at all . ”
Nate complied , and said he was later told to wear it that way until dismissal .
At lunch , Nate said the fifth - graders made fun of him because he wearing his shirt inside out .
“ It was such a horrible day . ”
Nate said .
“ I do n’t ever want anything like to happen again . ”
Nate said he felt he was treated unfairly .
“ Just because my teacher does n’t like the Yankees I should still have the right to wear a Yankees shirt , ” Nate said Thursday after school .
The teacher has Boston Red Sox paraphernalia all over the classroom on display , he said .
Baldwinsville Schools Superintendent Jeanne Dangle said Friday morning the district is conducting an investigation into the incident , and has told the parents she will get back to them on the issue in a few days .
" We are investigating , " Dangle said .
" This is a personnel issue , and we will be following up and doing what 's appropriate after we get all the information . "
Dangle said the investigation includes asking other children who were present in the class for their observations .
" From a district perspective , we would never support something like that , " Dangle said .
" But we do n't have all the facts yet . "
Dangle said she was tied up in meetings most of Thursday and Thursday night , and that 's why the district did n't respond at first to inquiries about the incident
Nate ’s parents said they were shocked when their son got home from school and told them what happened .
“ I was stunned — absolutely flabbergasted , ” said James Garrett , Nate ’s dad .
“ I could n’t believe it .
He was distraught .
The school preaches all about not allowing bullying , and this really felt like he was being bullied . ”
The Garretts contacted Van Buren Principal Terry Bick on Wednesday and met with her Thursday .
“ She was very professional about this , and she seemed to take it as seriously as we did , ” James Garrett said .
Garrett said he believes the school handled the incident appropriately , but strongly believes his son ’s First Amendment rights were violated .
Elizabeth Doran can be reached at
or 470-3012 .
Ephemere Ale : Brewed with Apple Juice , Coriander , and Curacao
Unibroue – Cambly , Quebec , Canada
Beer Info : From the Site – “ White ale brewed with apple must .
Redolent of ripe Granny Smith apples , this unique white ale pleases the palate with a delicate balance of fruit and spice notes and just a hint of sweetness .
Éphémère apple satisfies with each sip and refreshes in all seasons , especially when paired with an artisan cheddar cheese , pork tenderloin served with apple chutney or Vidalia onion soup .
We developed the Éphémère ( Ephemeral ) series to feature a seasonal fruit in a refreshing , lightly spiced white ale . ”
White ale brewed with apple must Redolent of ripe Granny Smith apples , this unique white ale pleases the palate with a delicate balance of fruit and spice notes and just a hint of sweetness .
Éphémère apple satisfies with each sip and refreshes in all seasons , especially when paired with an artisan cheddar cheese , pork tenderloin served with apple chutney or Vidalia onion soup .
We developed the Éphémère ( Ephemeral ) series to feature a seasonal fruit in a refreshing , lightly spiced white a
If you ’ve been privy to my beer reviews in the past , it should come as no surprise that I generally steer clear of beers brewed with a significant amount of fruit .
This , of course , is direct opposition to the very beer I ’m about to crack open … literally .
I feel like I could ‘ saber ’ this bottle , it is so similar to a classic Champagne style ; corked , twisted aluminum crown , and a gorgeous label with a pretty attractive Tolkein - esque faerie emblazoned within .
So , hold on right along with me as we try to open this bad boy without putting an eye out .
Nice .
That initial blast of pressurized gas released right after removing the cork is so crisp and similar to a nice , dry Chardonnay , but without the tinny wine aroma .
In fact , it ’s even closer to the smell of , well , a nice Champagne .
Go figure .
The pour announces its beautiful White Belgian - style , complete with a effervescence that erupts like a hard cider .
The head comes and goes almost as quickly as it ’s built leaving nothing remaining .
The smell is ripe with the odors of Fall , especially here in Michigan , where Autumn equals apples .
Period .
I can grab the coriander just fine , though it is well behind the sour apple .
The hue is a startling and brisk yellow that seems very much like the rind of the apples it contains .
Now , we taste .
Quite the antithesis in flavors from the last few brews I ’ve tried !
This is rich with coriander , and meanders quite nicely into the pure White Belgian - Style ale that it is .
It is clean , light , and almost coyly refreshing .
But make no mistake : this is the kind of ale that could easily sneak up on you .
There is virtually no hoppiness .
The bitter mouth - feel one associates with ales in general is not here in the least .
In fact , it is so unlike a standard ale that it almost reminds me of mead .
It is very nice and so tricky in its lightness that I could quickly , and without thinking twice , knock back this whole bottle just because I was thirsty … not so much because I ’d want a beer .
If you know what I mean .
I would certainly suggest buying more than one of these , even if it is a 750 ml ( 1 Pint .
9 ) bottle like this one that did set me back nearly seven bucks .
But it ’s so worth it .
Adding to the food pairings already suggested above , I would drink this with maybe a grilled chicken , goat cheese , mandarin orange salad as well .
Very delicious .
Rating : * * * *
Different .
Not at all an ale you ’d expect , but definitely one worth giving a go .
Hair taken from Louise Thomas 's head was placed into her eyelids
A woman from Greater Manchester has become the first person in the UK to undergo an eyelash transplant , surgical teams have claimed .
Louise Thomas , 19 , from Stockport , had the treatment because she suffers from trichotillomania - obsessive plucking or pulling out hair .
The procedure involves taking hair strands from the back of the head , and placing them into cuts in the eyelid .
The lashes thicken up gradually between four and six months after treatment .
Miss Thomas said : " Having suffered from trichotillomania for 17 years , I learned to accept that I 'd never have real lashes again .
That 's quite a hard issue for a young girl to come to terms with .
" When I heard about this treatment it sounded too good to be true but the results are absolutely amazing . "
The procedure was pioneered in the United States .
Shami Thomas , from Transform , which carried out the surgery , said : " We often look to America for the latest in cosmetic surgery as they are the pioneers in the industry , but not all are as successful and safe as this one . "
World leaders agreed Thursday on the sweeping goal of a planet free of atomic weapons , but faced continued divisions over details of one of their thorniest challenges , Iran ’s nuclear program .
The United Nations Security Council approved a resolution proposed by President Obama setting a series of goals to eliminate nuclear weapons , ban production of the fissile material used to make them , outlaw atomic tests and safeguard stockpiles in the meantime .
The resolution also advocates action against nations that put civilian nuclear technology to military use in violation of the international Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
It did not name specific countries , but the resolution expressed concern over steps by some nations to develop nuclear programs and weapons .
Advertisement
During the council meeting , leaders singled out Iran and North Korea , with several speakers urging action to restrain the two countries .
North Korea already has tested weapons , whereas Iran is accused by U.S. officials and their allies of seeking to develop them .
“ Talk of a nuclear - free future is nice , but we are facing two immediate nuclear crises , ” said French President Nicolas Sarkozy , naming Iran and North Korea .
“ Iran is violating the Security Council ’s resolutions right before our eyes . ”
He was joined by Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who urged “ far tougher ” sanctions against Iran .
The comments came as pressure on the issue intensified .
The council ’s five permanent members -- the United States , Britain , France , Russia and China -- along with Germany are to meet with Iran next week in Geneva in an effort to start talks over Tehran ’s nuclear program , which Iran says is intended for peaceful , civilian purposes .
Advertisement
The Obama administration claimed progress this week in its push to put pressure on Iran : After a meeting with Obama , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signaled for the first time that Moscow might agree to stiffer economic sanctions against Tehran .
As one of Iran ’s major trading partners , Russia could exert considerable influence over the Islamic Republic .
However , China opposes sanctions , urging a less threatening solution to the standoff .
“ We believe that sanctions and exerting pressure are not the way to solve problems and are not conducive for the current diplomatic efforts on the Iran nuclear issue , ” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu said at a news briefing in Beijing , Reuters news service reported .
But other world powers are pushing for a tight deadline on working out a deal with Iran .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said he favors giving Tehran until the end of the year to avoid new sanctions .
Italy is the current chair of the wealthy Group of 8 nations .
Advertisement
Sarkozy , whose country also is a member of the G - 8 , agreed with the December deadline .
For Obama , the issue overshadows another top foreign policy priority : Mideast peace .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Thursday in a speech before the General Assembly that unless Iran was restrained , peace in the region would be impossible .
“ We want peace , ” Netanyahu said .
“ I believe such a peace can be achieved .
But only if we roll back the forces of terror , led by Iran , that seek to destroy peace , eliminate Israel and overthrow the world order . ”
Iranians ridicule charges they are seeking to develop nuclear arms .
To underscore the point , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad proposed this week that the U.S. and other powers sell Iran enriched uranium for medical purposes , and offered to allow Iranian scientists to discuss their country ’s program and its needs with international officials .
Advertisement
The offer came in an interview with the Washington Post , and U.S. officials have not responded .
“ There exist diplomatic channels for them to be able to make this kind of proposal , ” State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said .
Ahmadinejad has generally struck a conciliatory note during his visit to the United States , urging Obama not to view him as a threat and offering to negotiate with others in good faith .
Obama presided over the Security Council session Thursday at which 14 of the 15 heads of state and government adopted the measure calling for a world without nuclear weapons and laying the groundwork for future action to reduce nuclear dangers .
Libya ’s leader , Moammar Kadafi , did not attend .
Advertisement
The vote was the result of months of negotiations , and Obama became the first American leader to preside over a full - scale summit of the Security Council .
There have been only five such summits in the United Nations ’ 64 - year history .
Obama urged the Security Council members to make sure international law did n’t prove to be “ an empty promise , ” while also acknowledging the difficulty ahead .
“ We know there are plenty of cynics , and that there will be setbacks to prove their point , ” Obama told the council .
“ But there will also be days like today that push us forward , days that tell a different story . ”
The resolution is only a preliminary victory for a president who has made nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation a personal goal .
Many of its provisions reiterate support for past resolutions .
Advertisement
But Obama administration officials and disarmament advocates believe the vote reflects an international recognition of Obama ’s push , and it came after a month of messages from the White House that the president meant to take action .
Immediately after the vote , Obama urged wide acceptance of the resolution ’s principles .
“ Just one nuclear weapon exploded in a city -- be it New York or Moscow ; Tokyo or Beijing ; London or Paris -- could kill hundreds of thousands of people , ” he said .
“ And it would badly destabilize our security , our economies and our very way of life . ”
With former secretaries of State George Shultz and Henry Kissinger looking on , Obama quoted former President Reagan :
Advertisement
“ A nuclear war can not be won and must never be fought .
And no matter how great the obstacles may seem , we must never stop our efforts to reduce the weapons of war .
We must never stop at all until we see the day when nuclear arms have been banished from the face of the Earth . ”
--
cparsons@latimes.com
Gallery Art by Les Edwards Perdido Street Station The Spike of Perdido Street Station , looking at the Houses of Parliament on Strack Island .
Armada
The edge of Armada , showing the circling airships .
Art by Nick Kole Cactacae Facial Study
The colored version of my first Cactacae picture , which prompted a small series of sketches of China Mieville 's cactus people .
Cray Huntsman Cray are a race from The Scar ( book by China Mieville ) half human and half rock lobster , they tatoo their hindquarters with all sorts of wierd designs and have gills on their necks .
the idea was so cool i had to give it a try .
This drifting Cray Huntsman is from the opening scene of the book , complete with spear and hooded hunting squid !
With my return to Elfwood , i may attempt another few Cray sketches ... who knows ?
Jack Half - a- Prayer
I 've wanted to illustrate Jack since reading the enigmatic introduction he got in ' Perdido Street Station ' .
Jack 's something of an urban legend and a freedom fighter in New Crobuzon .
.. and he 's got an enormous mantis claw :)
She - Anophelius
My interpretation / facial study of China Mieville 's Mosquito women ( only in The Scar ) .
This picture creeps ME out .[ shudders ] gross stuff .
Somaturgy Judah
Low is one of the most fascinating characters from China Mieville 's new book , ' Iron Council ' .
He 's a Somaturge : a wizard / scientist in the art of golem creation .
The early chapters of the book have him riding an enormous clay - golem , saddled on it 's back .
I 'm not too pleased with little Judah up there , but the golem came out just as I envisioned it .
Expect to see more of Judah Low later .
Toro Possibly the coolest character from China Mieville 's ' Iron Council ' is Toro .
Another freedom - fighter character like Jack , Toro 's steam - powered bull headpiece is one of those images that stays with you .
If you read IC you 'll understand some of Toro 's size and shape ... any more 'd spoil the book .
I definitely want to do more with Toro in the future .
Vodyanoi Another China Mieville inspired piece .
This is a sketch of his amphibious race called Vodyanoi .
This was just to get the concept of the race down visually .
The challenge was getting the right mix of frog and man .
Some of my sketches just looked like anthropomorphic toads and some just looked like buggy - eyed fat guys .
This comes closest to how I envisioned the Vodyanoi ... again , I hope to do more with the race later .
* New * Cray Huntsman
This will kick off the latest series of Mieville inspired work that I 'm uploading .
China Mieville is truly a genius ... half - lobster .
half - man ... the cray were always the most fascinating race from The Scar for me .
The old pic of the Cray simply was n't good enough at all : A race so cool deserves a better illustration .
It 's the same character from that amazing intro in ' The Scar '
At the edges of the shelves of rock where cold , light water gives way to a creeping darkness , a he - cray scrambles .
He sees prey , clicks and rattles deep in his throat , while he slips the hood from his hunting squid and releases it .
It bolts from him , diving for the shoal of fat mackerel that boil and reform like a cloud twenty feet above .
Its foot - long tentacles open and whip closed again .
The squid returns to its master , dragging a dying fish , and the school reknits behind it .
- China Mieville , ' The Scar ' Cray Huntsman - Colored - Colored in Photoshop .
When reworking this character and coloring the picture for my exhibit , I tried to capture something of the mood of this first scene from Mieville 's ' The Scar ' .
This exerpt should give you an idea of what I 'm talking about :
The cray raises his arm and calls his squid closer to him , soothes it gently .
He fingers his harpoon .
He is standing on a granite ridge , where seaweed and ferns move against him , caressing his long underbelly .
To his right , swells of porous stone rise above him .
To the left the slope falls away fast into disphotic water .
He can feel the chill emanating from below .
He looks out into a steep gradation of blue .
Way overhead , on the surface , there are ripples of light .
Below him the rays peter swiftly out .
He stands only a little way above the border of perpetual dark .
- China Mieville , ' The Scar ' Art by me Grindylow A Grindylow in front of one of the ships of Armada .
Khepri
An unimpressed Khepri .
Art by Chuck Wojtkiewicz Slake Moth A Slake Moth about to snack on its mesmerised food .
Misc Art Perdido Street Station Too Too Abstract Individual Yagharek Not To Be Respected , the Garuda , stands on a rooftop near Perdido Street Station
Sam the koala , who gained worldwide fame and sympathy when she was rescued during Australia 's devastating wildfires , died today during an operation to save her from a life - threatening disease .
The four - year - old koala had developed cysts associated with urogenital chlamydiosis , which affects up to 50 per cent of Australia 's koala population .
During surgery , the disease was found to be so advanced that it was inoperable and Sam was put to sleep , said spokeswoman Peita Elkhorne .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" It was so severe that there was no possible way to be able to manage her pain .
" All of those who have been involved with Sam are devastated with this loss . "
Even Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd commented on the animal 's death , saying she had been a symbol of hope for Australia during the wildfires .
" It 's tragic that Sam the koala is no longer with us , " Mr Rudd said .
As the fires burned in Victoria state , Sam was making her way on scorched paws past a fire patrol north of Melbourne when one of the firefighters spotted her .
The firefighter was photographed holding a bottle of water to her lips , an image that was seen around the world .
She suffered second and third - degree burns to her paws and had been recuperating at the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter .
Record temperatures , high winds and forests dried by years of drought set off infernos that swept a vast area of Victoria state , killing more than 170 people and destroying thousands of homes .
The Wii may be selling consistently — not to mention remarkably — better than the 360 and PS3 , but its games have a reputation for being either junky collections of minigames or dumbed - down ports of games from other systems .
We 're starting to see some evidence that this trend is slowing down , however : Tiger Woods PGA
Tour 10 is the definitive golf game and it's on the Wii , not the PS3 or 360 .
An even better example would be the " port " of Ghostbusters to the Nintendo Wii , done by Red Fly Studios .
How did that game beat the odds ?
We go to the men behind the game to get some answers .
" Many publishers seem to think you can simply shoe - horn a design onto each platform , but with one as unique as the Wii , we were lucky to have the opportunity to make a truly focused experience , " James Clarendon , a programmer and one of the designers of the game , told Ars .
His team began work on the game after Terminal Reality had been cranking away on the more graphical - intensive version for quite a while .
The core of the game came through easily , but making the thing fun was a whole ' nother story .
" From a design standpoint , it was ludicrously simple to imagine using the Wii Remote as a proton wand ; the challenge lay in how to express all of the player ’s verbs in an elegant manner while leveraging the power of the system , " Clarendon explained .
" I ’d say 99 percent of the difficulty in designing a Wii title is figuring out a good control system .
This means a lot of exploration , iteration , and late nights going back to the drawing board . "
Atari allowed the company plenty of time to watch players try to game , leading to some surprising snags ; some portions of the game that the developers assumed were tight ended up being " awful " by their own admission .
" It sounds trite to say , but motion controls have to be used only where appropriate , " Clarendon continued .
" I think we went through over half a dozen wrangling schemes — an old one was present at the 2009 Comic Con demonstration — before we got something that felt and played right . "
The entire audio engine was swapped out midway through development , but that decision led to better presentation overall .
The team was n't afraid of admitting when something was wrong , and that commitment shows in the final product .
The art style , and what we can learn from Ghostbusters on the Wii
" I ca n’t understand why publishers would try and do a down - port for a system with such a unique control system , " Clarendon said about the Wii .
The Wii may not be as powerful as other systems , but that does n't have to hold devs back .
We 've discussed the unique challenges of developing for the Wii before , but Ghostbusters is a material example of how a project can take advantage of the power of the system while side - stepping the weaknesses .
" We wanted to do something original with the art style rather then try and cram what the 360 / PS3 versions had into the Wii , " Kris Taylor , co-founder of Red Fly , told Ars .
" Going in a more cartoony exaggerated style seemed a natural fit for the game given the personalities we were working with , and ultimately worked really well with performances from the cast .
So we kicked a few ideas around with the publisher and came up with a style that was cartoony in nature but nothing like the Real Ghostbusters cartoon series from the late ' 80s . "
You also have to go into the project knowing that ... well , you do n't know much about what makes a good control scheme for the Wii .
" From the developer ’s point of view , it has to take a strong commitment to get it not only functional but also feeling right .
That means a lot of uncertainty on the part of the schedule , which makes producers want to stalk and kill you , " Taylor said .
In other words , the Wii is a system that requires testing , patience , and a little bit of art to get it right .
If a developer 's publisher understands that , he or she is in a much better place to create something of value .
It 's also frustrating how little the industry understands when it comes to what Wii gamers are looking for .
" The Wii audience is different from the 360 / PS3 one , but I ’m still not sure if anyone has figured out exactly what it is yet , " Clarendon said .
He waves away the charge that the Wii is only good for kiddie games or casual titles .
" Those are na?ve and prejudiced dismissals .
While games in those genres have sold well for it , we see that titles outside of those boundaries ( like Ghostbusters ) can also work really well ! "
What can we take away from Red Fly 's efforts ?
It 's possible to make a high - quality version of an existing game for the Wii , but that possibility only exists when the publisher is willing to spend the time and effort to create a game that " fits " with the Wii .
Ghostbusters is a fun title , and it's worth noting that even after finishing the 360 and PS3 version it still seemed as if the Wii game had surprises and felt fresh , mostly due to the control scheme .
As the Wii matures , more developers will learn how to take advantage of what the system offers .
Red Fly has created something of a road map for those efforts , and we can only hope that others are taking notes .
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Poland on Friday approved a law making chemical castration mandatory for pedophiles in some cases , sparking criticism from human rights groups .
Under the law , sponsored by Poland ’s center - right government , pedophiles convicted of raping children under the age of 15 years or a close relative would have to undergo chemical therapy on their release from prison .
“ The purpose of this action is to improve the mental health of the convict , to lower his libido and thereby to reduce the risk of another crime being committed by the same person , ” the government said in a statement .
Prime Minister Donald
Tusk said late last year he wanted obligatory castration for pedophiles , whom he branded ‘ degenerates ’ .
Tusk said he did not believe “ one can use the term ‘ human ’ for such individuals , such creatures . ”
“ Therefore I do n’t think protection of human rights should refer to these kind of events , ” Tusk also said .
His remarks drew criticism from human rights groups but he never retracted them .
“ Introducing any mandatory treatment raises doubts as such a requirement is never reasonable and life can always produce cases that lawmakers could never have even dreamt of , ” said Piotr Kladoczny from the Helsinki Foundation of Human Rights .
“ If somebody is of sound mind , we punish him .
If he is sick , we try to cure him -- that ’s how it works in Polish law .
This bill introduces both approaches .
As far as I know , this makes our law the strictest in Europe on this issue , ” Kladoczny said .
The bill , which also increases prison sentences for rape and incest , must still be approved by the upper chamber of parliament .
This is seen as a formality as Tusk ’s Civic Platform party holds a majority of its 100 seats .
みなさま はAkinatorをご存知だろうか。日本語版ウィキペディアのAkinatorの項から引用するのが手っ取り早い。
Akinatorとは質問への5段階の回答例を元に（実在または架空の）人物・キャラクターを絞込み推測しながら特定するプログラムエンジンであり、データベースを応用した人工知能の一種である。20個ほどの簡単な質問だけで、回答者がイメージしている人物の名を当てることができる。
英語・フランス語・ドイツ語・ヘブライ語・ポルトガル語に対応しており、世界中の有名人のみならず漫画、アニメ等に登場する架空の人物までも網羅しているが絞込みに該当しなかった人物についても回答者が補足し加えていく事でデータベースを日々増やしており学習し続けることでより少ない質問で回答を導き出すようになっている。
「世界中の有名人のみならず漫画、アニメ等に登場する架空の人物までも網羅している」とあるが、むしろマンガやアニメの登場人物のほうが充実している。わりと早い段階で「アニメ（ジャパニーズアニメーション）の登場人物か？」などという質問が出るくらいだ。Akinatorで遊ぶような人たちの趣味嗜好を反映しているのだろう。たとえば、以下は、わずか12個の質問で当てられた。しかも9問目ぐらいから「もう分かったけど裏を取りに来てる」感がありあり。
こんなの楽 勝
右の得意げな顔をしたおっさんがAkinatorである。アニメやマンガのマイナーな登場人物もかなり当てるというネタは他のサイトでもやっているので、ここでは科学者を当てられるかどうか試してみた。まずは有名どころとして、チャールズ・ダーウィンでやってみた。質問はこんな感じ。
国際的に有名？ →Yes
少女？→No
実在の人物？ →Yes
USA の市民？→No
死んでる ？ →Yes
政治家？→No
ミュージシャン？→No
宗教的な人物？→No
科学者？ →Yes
20 世紀に生きていた？→No
英国人？ →Yes
リンゴにリンクしているか？→No
動物（animals ) にリンクしているか？ →Probably
物理法則を発見した？→No
有名な本を書いた？ →Yes
宗教的な人物かどうかは、本当にNoでいいのかはちょっと迷った。15個の質問で当てられた。これぐらいは当ててもらわないと困る。次はリチャード・ドーキンス。
20個の質問で当てられた。最後のほうで「2本の足で歩く？」とか聞かれたのはなんでだろう？ホーキングを除外するためかな。ドーキンスをやったらなら、スティーブン・J・グールドもやらないと。
20個の質問で当てられた。「死んでる？」という質問に答えるのがせつない。早い段階で性別と、実在の人物かどうかを聞いて、実在の人物であれば、生死、職業（ミュージシャン？スポーツマン？政治家？）、国籍を聞くようだ。他にもこんな方々を当てられた。
メンデル
カール・セーガ ン
ファインマンさ ん
日本人の科学者ではどうか。有名どころとして。
湯川秀樹
「 日本人 」 かつ 「ノーベル賞を受賞」で、とたんに限定されるからな。次に木村資生をやってみた。
安倍晴明
違うよ。全然違うよ。外れた場合、「さらに質問」を選択できる。いくつか質問を追加した結果。
野口英世
近い。近くなった。あともう少しだ。さらに質問を追加。
本田宗一郎
遠くなったよ。なんで 「ブラジル人か？」とか聞くんだよ。日本人だと言っているだろ。どうやら木村資生はデータベースに入っていない模様。その場合、Akinatorに教えてあげることができる。そうやってデータベースを充実させていくのだろう。しかし、木村資生がデータベースに入っていないのに、こいつが入っているのは納得できないな。誰だよ、登録した奴。
Billund , Denmark
FROM the outside , there is nothing playful about the drab , two - story Lego Idea House here , where designers gather in whitewashed rooms to dream up new toys .
But upstairs , behind a series of locked doors accessible only to employees with special passes , is a chamber that might as well be toy heaven for kids  and more than a few adults .
Multicolored Lego creations in every imaginable size and shape spill from the shelves , from Indiana Jones ’s biplane to Darth Vader ’s fighter .
Boxes stamped “ confidential ” hold potential future blockbusters , like Buzz Lightyear , the hero of the “ Toy Story ” animated films , as well as a police station bustling with miniature cops and robbers .
“ It ’s our way of looking at the world , ” says Soren Holm , the head of Lego ’s Concept Lab .
“ We have happy criminals ; even they are smiling .
The sun is shining every day . ”
While that may be true of Lego ’s toys , until recently it was hardly the case for Lego ’s bottom line .
But five years after a near - death experience , Lego has emerged as an unlikely winner in an industry threatened by the likes of video games , iPods , the Internet and other digital diversions .
Before there was blood , the high - tech lab at 10 Amistad Street at Yale University was a model of efficiency .
The mice and rats and rabbits stayed locked in cages .
The technicians responsible for their well - being circulated like emergency room nurses .
Researchers hunched over the cages for hours , intent on claiming a breakthrough .
The two groups interacted in professional if perfunctory ways , but on Thursday , the authorities charged a technician , Raymond Clark III , with murdering one of the graduate researchers , Annie M. Le. Ms. Le , 24 , was strangled on Sept. 8 , and her body was found on Sunday hidden behind a wall , out of view from the immaculate corridors of the lab .
Mr. Clark , 24 , was arrested just after 8 a.m. Thursday in Room 214 of the Super 8 Motel in Cromwell , Conn .
He had been staying there with his father , at the end of several days in which the authorities interviewed him , tailed him , took DNA samples and then kept him under surveillance .
He was charged with murder and driven back to New Haven , where he was arraigned but said little and did not enter a plea .
Bail was set at $ 3 million .
The authorities said his DNA matched crime scene evidence , but did not elaborate .
Chief James Lewis of the New Haven police would not speak about a possible motive , but said , “ It is important to note that this is not about urban crime , university crime , domestic crime , but an issue of workplace violence , which is becoming a growing concern around the country . ”
What Else Is Iran Hiding ?
Finding himself caught in a sudden media storm while in New York last week , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad tried to defend his government ’s construction of a second centrifuge facility , buried inside a mountain near the city of Qom .
Unfortunately , the Qom facility might not be the end of the story .
A centrifuge plant needs feedstock , uranium hexafluoride — a material derived from refined uranium ore and produced at a conversion plant .
Iran would probably not risk trying to divert feedstock from its declared conversion plant at Esfahan , which is under the watchful eye of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
Iran could therefore have also set up a clandestine conversion facility , or have succeeded in procuring the material illicitly .
Moreover , the evidence that the new facility is part of a military program is compelling .
According to unclassified U.S. government talking points , the clandestine facility near Qom is " intended to hold approximately 3,000 centrifuges " of an unknown type .
In 2007 , Gholamreza Aghazadeh , then head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( AEOI ) , said that Iran ’s target was to have 50,000 centrifuges at its Natanz enrichment facility .
This number was needed to make " meaningful amounts of nuclear fuel " for one or two commercial - scale power plants to generate electricity .
Thus , by Iran ’s own admission , the Qom facility is too small for civilian purposes .
It is not , however , too small to produce meaningful amounts of highly enriched uranium for a nuclear weapons program .
U.S. intelligence also describes the facility as being " located in an underground tunnel complex on the grounds of an Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Base " unknown to all but the most senior AEOI officials .
Links between a supposedly civilian facility and a military organization always worry IAEA inspectors , and they should worry us too .
Iran ’s core obligation to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , which it says it fully upholds , is to ensure that all its nuclear activities are exclusively for peaceful purposes — building an underground nuclear facility on a military base certainly raises questions about Iranian intentions .
Finally , because it was a clandestine plant , the Qom facility was clearly much more suited to military ends than the facility at Natanz , which is subject to IAEA monitoring .
Although the military purpose of the Qom facility is compelling , Ahmadinejad ’s legal arguments are not .
" According to the IAEA rules , countries must inform the agency six months ahead of the gas injection in their uranium enrichment plants , " he said last week .
" We have done it 18 months ahead and this should be appreciated , not condemned . "
But Ahmadinejad got the IAEA rules wrong .
At issue is a seemingly obscure but crucially important provision known as " Code 3.1 " .
This is contained within Iran ’s " subsidiary arrangements , " the detailed legal agreement with the IAEA specifying the nuts and bolts of safeguards .
In February 2003 , Iran became the last state with significant nuclear activities to adopt the revised version of Code 3.1 , requiring it to notify the IAEA of new nuclear facilities as soon as the decision to build one is made .
This agreement entered into force through the standard procedure of an exchange of letters between Iran and the IAEA .
Ahmadinejad ’s claim is based on the old version of Code 3.1 , which does indeed require states to report new facilities to the agency " normally no later than 180 days before the facility is scheduled to receive nuclear material for the first time . "
He invoked the old version because in March 2007 Iran announced that it would no longer be bound by the new version .
But it takes two parties to terminate an agreement — and the IAEA has never accepted Iran ’s 2007 decision .
( The IAEA has continued to insist in vain that Iran reconsider its decision , making it difficult for the agency to carry out its task of designing safeguards for Iran ’s new nuclear facilities . )
Iran has tried to justify its unilateral abrogation of the modified Code 3.1 by saying that it has not been ratified by the Majlis , the country ’s parliament .
However , Iran — like every other state that deals with the IAEA — modifies its subsidiary arrangements without parliamentary ratification .
It is not tenable for Iran to claim that some parts of the subsidiary arrangements require ratification whereas others do not .
Moreover , according to the U.S. intelligence community , Iran started building its facility near Qom some time before March 2007 , while it claimed to be bound to the new Code 3.1 .
If the IAEA verifies this sequence of events , then Iran ’s position will be even more indefensible than it currently is .
Tehran ’s decision to allow the IAEA to inspect the Qom facility , though welcome , is not enough .
Iran now needs to cooperate fully and proactively with the IAEA .
It needs to answer all of the IAEA ’s questions so that inspectors are able to understand as much as possible about the new facility , Iran ’s centrifuge production capabilities , and the probable military dimension to its program .
Inspectors also need to be able to uncover any other clandestine facilities that might be out there .
The events of the last few days might conceivably be what ’s needed to spark Iranian cooperation .
Iran feels able to defy the IAEA and the U.N. Security Council because the veto - wielding members of the Security Council do not have a unified position .
The revelation of the Qom facility — hidden from the international community and not declared to the IAEA as required — demonstrates that , contrary to its protestations , Iran is not complying with its international obligations and that its nuclear program does have a military dimension .
It could give Britain , France , and the United States exactly the lever they need to build a consensus that the Security Council ’s demands can go unheeded no longer .
Sonar image of methane plumes rising from the Arctic Ocean floor ( Image : National Oceanography Centre , Southampton )
It ’s been predicted for years , and now it ’s happening .
Deep in the Arctic Ocean , water warmed by climate change is forcing the release of methane from beneath the sea floor .
Over 250 plumes of gas have been discovered bubbling up from the sea floor to the west of the Svalbard archipelago , which lies north of Norway .
The bubbles are mostly methane , which is a greenhouse gas much more powerful than carbon dioxide .
The methane is probably coming from reserves of methane hydrate beneath the sea bed .
These hydrates , also known as clathrates , are water ice with methane molecules embedded in them .
Advertisement
The methane plumes were discovered by an expedition aboard the research ship James Clark Ross , led by Graham Westbrook of the University of Birmingham and Tim Minshull of the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton , both in the UK .
Warm gas
The region where the team found the plumes is being warmed by the West Spitsbergen current , which has warmed by 1 °C over the past 30 years .
“ Hydrates are stable only within a particular range of temperatures , ” says Minshull .
“ So if the ocean warms , some of the hydrates will break down and release their methane . ”
None of the plumes the team saw reached the surface , so the methane was not escaping into the atmosphere and thus contributing to climate change – not in that area , at least .
“ Bigger bubbles of methane make it all the way to the top , but smaller ones dissolve , ” says Minshull .
Just because it fails to reach the surface does n’t mean the methane is harmless , though , as some of it gets converted to carbon dioxide .
The CO 2 then dissolves in seawater and makes the oceans more acidic .
And it is possible that other , more vigorous plumes are releasing methane into the atmosphere .
The team studied only one group of plumes , which were in a small area and were erratic .
“ Almost none of the Arctic has been surveyed in a way that might detect a gas release like this , ” Minshull says .
Methane megatonnes
Ronald Cohen of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington DC says it ’s a striking result : “ What ’s amazing is that they see such enormous quantities of methane . ”
The methane being released from hydrate in the 600 - square - kilometre area studied probably adds up to 27 kilotonnes a year , which suggests that the entire hydrate deposit around Svalbard could be releasing 20 megatonnes a year .
If methane began escaping at similar rates throughout the Arctic , it would dramatically increase methane levels in the atmosphere .
Globally , it ’s thought that around 500 to 600 megatonnes of methane are released into the atmosphere each year .
Matt Rigby of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says , “ If there is potential for clathrates to destabilise and release methane , it needs to be intensively studied . ”
Gas from where ?
Cohen cautions that the Arctic methane may not be from hydrate , but could be coming from the methane ’s primary source , which might be deep within the Earth .
If that was the case , the warming of the West Spitsbergen current may not be to blame .
He says that the large amounts of methane being released make this unlikely , however : “ If the methane is all primary , it would be an unprecedented amount . ”
So the idea that the hydrates are at least partly to blame is more plausible .
“ It ’s not definitively proven , but it ’s certainly reasonable , ” he says .
Methane hydrate could be used as a new , somewhat greener fossil fuel , but extracting the methane without releasing any into the atmosphere remains a challenge .
Journal reference : Geophysical Research Letters , DOI : 10.1029/2009GL039191
Shouldering the Burden Claim : Photograph shows a U.S. serviceman wearing a “ DOING THE WORK OF ” patch .
Status : False .
Example : [ Collected on the Internet , 2004 ]
READ THE BLACK PATCH UNDER THE US FLAG
This SHOULD be on the front cover of Time , Newsweek , etc .
But it wo n’t .
Let ’s you and I “ put it there ” by forwarding this all around the world ( so to speak ) !
( Click to enlarge )
Origins :
The image shown above began circulating on the Internet in early 2004 and is a digitally manipulated creation rather than a genuine photograph — the original can be found on a NATO - related web site :
The appearance of the sergeant ’s sleeve has been altered in the Internet - circulated version to reflect the viewpoint that the U.S. military has shouldered a burden of global importance with little or no support from the countries ( Russia , Germany , France ) whose flags are pictured below the “ DOING THE WORK OF ” patch .
Nothing about the photograph indicates where the U.S. is doing the work of these other countries .
Presumably it is meant to refer to the invasion and rebuilding of Iraq ( although the serviceman pictured is n’t wearing the familiar desert camouflage uniforms we ’re used to seeing in that part of the world ) , but it could technically refer to Afghanistan or South Korea or anywhere else in the world where U.S. forces are deployed .
The backward appearance of the U.S. flag on the serviceman ’s sleeve in this picture is not a mistake or anomaly .
As the military newspaper Stars & Stripes explained , the flag patch worn on the right shoulder of a U.S. soldier ’s uniform is deliberately reversed :
Why do American soldiers wear the U.S. flag insignia “ backwards ” on the right shoulder of their utility uniforms , with the canton ( the rectangle with the stars ) on an observer ’s right ?
Why do American soldiers wear the U.S. flag insignia “ backwards ” on the right shoulder of their utility uniforms , with the canton ( the rectangle with the stars ) on an observer ’s right ?
It ’s a question that soldiers hear frequently as they travel through civilian airports , or talk to members of other services .
And it does look “ wrong , ” because U.S. federal code calls for the canton to always be positioned to the left .
The soldiers are n’t wrong , however , and neither are their tailors , Lt. Col.
Stanley Heath , an Army spokesman , explained in a Friday telephone interview .
The Army actually has two authorized flag patches , one to be worn on the left shoulder , with the canton facing left , and another “ reverse field ” patch worn on the right , with the canton facing right .
The two different orientations are mandated because Army regulations call for the flag “ to be worn so that to observers , it looks as if the flag is flying against a breeze , ” Heath said .
What does a stiff wind have to do with this custom ?
In fact , the rule is a nod to the U.S. Army ’s early history , when wars were fought as a series of carefully choreographed battles — two armies meeting on a field , clashing head - on until one side emerged victorious .
In those battles , both mounted cavalry and infantry units would always designate one soldier as “ standard bearer , ” to carry the Colors into the fight .
As the standard bearer charged , his rapid forward momentum would cause the flag to stream back .
And since the Stars and Stripes is mounted with the canton closest to the pole , that section would always be forward .
So if a soldier is charging into the battle , the flag would give the appearance of forward motion .
For the right shoulder , the flag only appears “ backward . ”
And that ’s why soldiers wear the flag patches on the right shoulder “ backward . ”
Because retreat in battle , as any soldier will tell you , is not the Army way .
Last updated : 24 April 2004
I ’ve mentioned in the past the importance of electing officials who share our principles of liberty , limited government , and personal responsibility .
That ’s why I ’ve ardently supported Senator Ken Cuccinelli as our next Attorney General .
Both Virginia and our nation as a whole could benefit from more leaders like him .
I ’m pleased to announce that my former employer , Congressman Ron Paul , has taken note of this race as well .
From an email earlier today :
Dear Friend in Liberty ,
The 2009 elections in Virginia promise to be very important for the direction of our Country .
America has taken a dangerous turn away from Liberty and toward big , oppressive government .
We must elect leaders who will help right our ship and return us back toward freedom and prosperity .
Ken Cuccinelli is just such a leader .
In the Virginia Senate , Ken fought tirelessly against tax hikes and big spending .
He was a a great ally in our fight against Dangerous ID , and will defend property rights , gun rights and the tenth amendment .
We need Ken Cuccinelli fighting for us in Richmond .
That is why I am proud to endorse Ken Cuccinelli for Attorney General in Virginia .
Please support Ken in any way for you fell comfortable .
You can visit his website , www.Cuccinelli.com, to donate , volunteer or get information to share with your friends and familiy .
And . most importantly , please be sure to vote for Ken on Tuesday , November 3rd .
Together , we can elect a true defender of Liberty in Virginia .
In Liberty ,
Ron Paul
Last year , Buckeye fans got to know a kid named Dan “ Boom ” Herron .
Usually , Herron would get into a game to give Beanie Wells a breather .
This year , the starting tailback job is his to lose as Beanie went pro on us .
Herron should be the primary back although Brandon Saine should see some carries and true freshman Jaamal Berry can light it up , no pun intended .
Being a hard working kid from the Youngstown area , Coach Tressel will be sure to give Boom his fair share of carries .
Herron is excited about his opportunity as I recently got to interview him .
Paneech :
No pressure on you this year huh ?
How is it feeling to be a Buckeye ?
Herron :
It ’s been amazing , it ’s an honor and I ’m having alot of fun .
It ’s been a dream come true for me .
Paneech :
How much pressure is there on you to step up and make a big play against Michigan ?
Herron : Definitely there is pressure , everyone knows what a big game that is and everyone on the team knows they have to step it up during Michigan week .
Paneech : Are you and Terrelle Pryor getting some timing together at workouts ?
Herron : Yeah , we had alot of reps , especially in the Spring practices .
Now we can do more with the ball ( because of NCAA limitations ) , we are working hard with the 7 - on - 7 drills .
We took time to sit in the film room and see where we can make improvements .
We are doing all of the little things right now .
Paneech : How have you liked working with Coach Tressel ?
Herron :
He ’s one of the best in the game right now .
It ’s part of that dream coming true by being around the best .
Paneech :
Have you learned anything from the older guys on the team ?
Herron : I definitely learned alot last year playing behind Beanie .
He was a great back as well as a great person on and off the field .
I learned so much from him , and even from some of the other guys .
Pryor , Robiskie , all of the older guys , I learned alot from them .
Paneech :
How important is this years game with USC to you and the team ?
Herron : Everyone knows that game [ USC ] is a big goal for us to succeed .
USC is a great team and they are going to come in ready .
Coach Tressel is preparing us to play one game at a time , so USC is further down the road , but when it gets here , that game is going to be a fight .
Vegan prisoners will be able to buy food and toiletries that are in keeping with their beliefs and contain no animal products , a Vegan support group said today .
In a key concession to vegan inmates , the prison service will now allow prisoners to order toiletries from two specialist outlets , according to the Vegan Prisoners Support Group .
Products that will be available include vegan soap , shampoo , conditioner , moisturiser and toothpaste , as well as foodstuffs such as chocolate bars , biscuits , nuts and seeds , after prison authorities agreed to allow vegans to place mail order requests from Holland and Barrett and Honesty Cosmetics .
The move comes after a 15 - year - campaign by the lobby group , who will continue you push for vegan prisoners to be allowed to wear boots which are not made from animal skin .
Strict vegans avoid any foods derived from living or dead animals , including red meat , poultry , white meat and fish , and avoid animal milks , eggs , honey , and any other animal products such as gelatin .
A spokesman for the Vegan Prisoners Support Group said : " Vegan prisoners have had very limited access to vegan products through prison shops .
Our recommendations were for basic vegan hygiene / bodycare products – ie a vegan bar soap , shampoo , conditioner , moisturiser , deodorant and toothpaste .
In addition we recommended a vegan chocolate bar , sweet and savoury vegan biscuit , protein source such as Nuttolene or braised tofu , vegan spread , cheese alternative , soya yoghurt , flavoured soya drink and fortified soya milk . "
It is the latest in a series of rulings to protect the rights of inmates .
In May pagan prisoners were told they could keep twigs in their cells to use as wands , as part of a prisons policy that gives pagan prisoners the same rights as inmates of other faiths .
A prison service spokesman said vegan , vegetarian and other dietary requirements were met by the prison service , and that prisoners could purchase additional items from approved suppliers , at their own expense .
" They have limited access to their own money , based on good behaviour , " he said .
" If prisoners do n't behave , their privileges are withdrawn .
Purchased items are subject to rigorous security procedures , including hand searches and X - raying . "
There are an estimated 500 vegan prisoners , who , the VPSG argue , currently struggle to obtain products they find acceptable .
The VPSG website states : " Veganism is not a religion but a philosophy whereby the use of an animal for food , clothing or any other purpose is regarded as wholly unacceptable .
" The majority of vegans reject entirely anything which has its origins in the exploitation , suffering or death of any creature . "
One Year after Lehman It 's Business as Usual Again for Wall Street 's Casino Capitalists
One year after the bankruptcy of US investment bank Lehman Brothers , governments are divided over what lessons should be learned from the crisis .
But the more the economy recovers , the less desire there is to implement radical reforms -- and many bankers have already returned to their old casino capitalism ways .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
A small alpine King of the Hill map
Koth_loader_v2
A custom map by Swizzle *************
ABOUT THE MAP *************
Loader is a small King of the Hill map centered around the loading dock just outside a mine .
Loader is about the same size as smaller Arena maps and favors both horizontal and vertical attack / defense .
The team who controls the ground floor of the center building controls the map , but secondary spawns that exit onto the building 's roof ensure that no team holds any single position for too long .
The action is fast and frenetic , encouraging swift tactical thinking and good spatial awareness as an attack can come from almost any angle .
******************
INSTALLING THE MAP ******************
Extract koth_loader_v2.bsp to this directory on your hard drive and you 're ready to go : C : \Program Files\Steam\steamapps\YOUR
USERNAME GOES HERE \team fortress 2\tf \maps ***************
CHANGES FROM V1 *************** -
Added the official entity setup - Added a second exit from the small upstairs spawns - Players should no longer take fall damage when coming down from the roof or catwalks ( unless they jump right before they go off the edge ) - Clipping has been dramatically improved over the entire map - Changed some of the doorways in the middle building to add a little more cover - Modified positions of existing health and ammo packs and placed additional ones ; playing engineer should now be possible - Changed the skybox to be a bit more interesting - Various aesthetic tweaks and improvements across the board **************
COMING CHANGES
************** -
I 've missed a couple of minor aesthetic things for this release that I plan on taking care of next version - Further balance tweaks in layout and item placement
If you see something in the map that looks like a bug or other issue , contact me and I 'll see what I can do to take care of it .
*******************************
THANK - YOUS AND OTHER MISCELLANY *******************************
A huge thank you goes out to all the TF2 - playing folks at CGTalk for playtesting the map and giving continued feedback .
In making this map , I referenced many others and borrowed , stole from and got inspired by several others .
Lighthouse , Garbage Day and Harvest were big inspirations , so hats off to the creators of those maps .
Finally , a big thank you to all the great folks at Valve .
Without all your hard work , community content like this would n't be possible .
-- Xavier Coelho - Kostolny , aka " Swizzle " xkostolny@gmail.com
WASHINGTON
The normally nonchalant Barack Obama looked nonplussed , as Nancy Pelosi glowered behind .
Surrounded by middle - aged white guys  a sepia snapshot of the days when such pols ran Washington like their own men ’s club  Joe Wilson yelled “ You lie ! ” at a president who did n’t .
But , fair or not , what I heard was an unspoken word in the air :
You lie , boy !
The outburst was unexpected from a milquetoast Republican backbencher from South Carolina who had attracted little media attention .
Now it has made him an overnight right - wing hero , inspiring “ You lie ! ” bumper stickers and T - shirts .
The congressman , we learned , belonged to the Sons of Confederate Veterans , led a 2000 campaign to keep the Confederate flag waving above South Carolina ’s state Capitol and denounced as a “ smear ” the true claim of a black woman that she was the daughter of Strom Thurmond , the ’ 48 segregationist candidate for president .
Wilson clearly did not like being lectured and even rebuked by the brainy black president presiding over the majestic chamber .
I ’ve been loath to admit that the shrieking lunacy of the summer  the frantic efforts to paint our first black president as the Other , a foreigner , socialist , fascist , Marxist , racist , Commie , Nazi ; a cad who would snuff old people ; a snake who would indoctrinate kids  had much to do with race .
Let Us Help You After
a Car Accident
After a serious car accident , you may face significant losses – physically , emotionally , and financially .
You might not be able to work .
Insurance companies might pressure you to give up your rights and accept an offer before you even know the true cost of your car accident .
That ’s not right .
Take a stand and fight back .
At the Law Offices of Michael J. Gopin , PLLC , our lawyers fight to protect the rights of injury victims throughout El Paso , Texas since 1997 .
Our El Paso personal injury lawyers understand how complicated car accident cases can be in Texas .
That ’s why we fight so hard for every client .
We realize the work we do can make a dramatic difference in the lives of families for many , many years .
With so much at stake after a serious injury in El Paso , it ’s critical that you contact us right away to discuss the details of your case .
Do n’t leave your future to chance .
If you were injured or a loved one was killed in an accident , contact us immediately for a free consultation .
Do n’t wait to take legal action .
A delay may affect your rights .
Web forms are n’t great conversationalists .
They ask a bunch of questions , then wait until you answer them all before they respond .
So when you register for that cool social network or use an e-commerce site , it ’s pretty much a monologue .
Article Continues Below
You can blame most forms ’ poor etiquette on the way they ’re built .
Web forms that use a basic submit - and - refresh model of interactivity do n’t respond until you hit the “ submit ” button — but it does n’t have to be this way .
Real - time inline validation can help people complete web forms more quickly and with less effort , fewer errors , and ( surprise ! ) more satisfaction .
Inline validation gives people several types of real - time feedback :
It can confirm an appropriate answer , suggest valid answers , and provide regular updates to help people stay within necessary limits .
These bits of feedback can be presented before , during and / or after users provide answers .
Putting inline validation to the test#section2
To better understand the design considerations behind inline validation , I worked with Etre , a London - based usability firm , to test 22 average users on six variations of a typical web registration form .
Aramys Miranda developed the form we used with our users , who ranged in age from 21 to 49 .
Fig .
1 . The basic registration form we tested had no distractions so people could focus on the task of “ creating an account . ”
Of our six forms , the control version validated input only when someone clicked its “ create account ” button .
The other five versions used different methods of inline validation .
We measured success rates , error rates , completion times , satisfaction ratings , and standard eye - tracking metrics for each variation .
We presented each form randomly to minimize familiarity bias .
What did we learn about inline validation ?
#section3
Our participants were faster , more successful , less error - prone , and more satisfied when they used the forms with inline validation .
Eye - tracking also showed that they “ fixated ” on the forms with inline validation less frequently and for less time , which shows that they found these forms easier to process visually than the forms without inline validation .
This was likely because they did n’t have to reread the entire form after submitting it to resolve any errors — instead , they resolved errors as they went along .
As you can see in the video below , people got a response from the control version of the form only after they completed it to their satisfaction , and clicked the “ create account ” button .
At that point , any errors were shown until the form was resubmitted .
Submitting and resubmitting forms to check answers can lead to a form of the frustrating and often unsuccessful behavior sometimes called “ pogosticking . ”
Pogosticking is common when we ask people to provide an answer they may not be able to guess correctly the first time .
Selecting a unique username , for example , often involves pogosticking : no one can know beforehand which usernames a website has available , so they guess , click “ create account , ” find out the username they want is taken , guess again , click “ create account , ” again , and so on .
[ youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWDDRG93puY&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0&w=480&h=385]
Video 1 . The control version of our form .
Note how error messages are only visible after the form is submitted .
Our inline validation forms worked differently : they gave real - time feedback as people filled in answers , using lightweight and direct success messages ( green checkmarks ) and error messages ( red triangles and text ) next to the form input fields .
You can see the difference in Video 2 below .
[ youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlU74LIPauo&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0&w=480&h=385]
Video 2 .
The best - performing version of our form used inline validation to provide real - time feedback immediately after people answered questions .
When compared to our control version , the inline validation form with the best performance showed compelling improvements across all the data we measured .
Specifically , we saw :
a 22 % increase in success rates ,
a 22 % decrease in errors made ,
a 31 % increase in satisfaction rating ,
a 42 % decrease in completion times , and
a 47 % decrease in the number of eye fixations .
Participant comments highlighted their strong preference for getting real - time feedback from our form :
“ You ’d rather know about your mistakes as you go along . ”
“ It ’s much better than getting all the way down and hitting ‘ submit , ’ only to find out that it does n’t like your username .
It ’s much better when it tells you as you go along . ”
These results highlight how inline validation influences web forms .
But what ’s the best way to achieve these results ?
When and how should we validate user answers ?
Use inline validation * when the answers are n’t obvious #section4
Not all web form questions are equal .
There are some things , such as given names , that we know instantly .
Other things , such as new passwords , take more thought .
When you consider using inline validation , you must first understand the questions the form asks .
This was evident in our test results .
In the first half of our web form , we asked questions people knew the answers to : first name , last name , e-mail address , gender , country , and postal code .
In the second half of the form , we asked questions that were harder to answer correctly the first time .
We had participants select a username ( how could they know what was available ? ) and a password ( with strict formatting requirements ) .
It was n’t surprising that we observed different behaviors in the first and second half of the forms .
Only 30 % - 50 % of our participants saw the validation messages ( Figure 2 ) in the first half of our forms — whereas 80 - 100 % of our participants saw the messages in the second half .
This is probably because people did not need or expect confirmation for correct answers in the first half of the form .
Confident in their responses to these simple questions , most people paid no attention to the validation messages when they appeared .
Fig .
2 . Validation messages on one of the forms we tested .
In contrast , in the second half of the form , when our participants completed more difficult questions ( such as username and password ) , they were less confident in their answers and therefore more inclined to seek confirmation .
Also , they were more likely to hesitate , giving them ample opportunity to spot the validation messages ( including those already on display in the first half of the form ) .
The eye - tracking gaze path below ( Figure 3 ) , illustrates this behavior .
The validation messages to the right of the input fields got a lot of visual attention in the second half of the form but none in the first half .
Fig .
3 . Visual attention was paid to the inline validation messages that appear to the right of input fields in the second half of this version of the form .
These observations seem to indicate that inline validation is most useful for input fields that are difficult to complete easily .
The fact that participants were confused when simple questions were marked “ correct ” supports this interpretation :
“ Are you telling me I entered a valid name or my name correctly ? ”
“ Is this a confirmation of a correctly formatted postal code or my correct postal code ? ”
These types of participant questions caused some minor problems during testing .
Our participants knew we had no way to know their correct name or postal code , so they knew that the green check mark did n’t mean “ correct . ”
But what did they think it meant ?
They were n’t sure — and that was the problem .
Not knowing what the message meant , our participants stopped to ask questions of the moderator instead of confidently answering what were very easy questions .
We can blame the green check mark symbol that implies “ correct , ” for some of the confusion , but we also learned that we can avert this confusion altogether by reserving inline validation for questions people need help with .
Inconsistency , however , may be the disadvantage of this approach .
If success messages appear alongside every form field except for simple fields , people may assume the data they entered is invalid if no success messages appear .
As a result , they may try to “ correct ” perfectly valid input in these fields .
We ’re not sure if this would be a big problem , but it ’s certainly something to consider .
Testing when to show inline validation * #section5
Once you know where inline validation can help , the next step is to put it into action .
To better understand when to show inline validation messages , we tested a few variations in the top half of our form .
( See Video 3 below . )
In this version of the form , we displayed a validation message ( success or error ) , after the user indicated that she was done answering a question by moving on to the next one .
( This is validating “ on blur ” in technical speak . )
In this variation , we displayed ( and updated ) a validation message while the user answered each question .
( That is , “ on key press . ” )
Before and while #section8
In this version , we displayed a validation message before the user answered each question — that is , as soon as they focused each form element — and then while they answered the question .
( This is validating “ on blur and on keypress . ” )
[ youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Mb9G_LmD8E&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0&w=480&h=385]
Video 3 .
The three inline validation variations we tested : after , while , and before and while .
For username and password questions , we used the “ while ” method with a short delay in each version we tested .
Our early prototyping work revealed this method made the most sense for questions with strict boundaries , such as the set of usernames currently available or the required formatting for a secure password .
After method helps users to complete forms more quickly # section9
When we used the “ after ” method in the first half of the form , participants completed the form seven to ten seconds faster than when we used the “ while ” and “ before and while ” methods respectively .
Why ?
Here ’s what happened when we used the “ while ” and “ before and while ” methods :
When several participants noticed an error message while trying to answer a question , they entered one additional character into the input field , than waited for the message to update .
If the updated message continued to show an error , they entered another character , then waited for the validation message to update again , and so on , resulting in longer average completion times .
The “ before and while ” method not only caused longer completion times , but also produced higher error rates and worse satisfaction ratings than the other inline validation variations we tested .
Our participants articulated their strong distaste for this methodology :
“ It ’s frustrating that you do n’t get the chance to put anything in [ the field ] before it ’s flashing red at you . ”
“ When I clicked in the First Name field , it immediately came up saying that [ my first name ] is too short .
Well of course it is !
I have n’t even started ! ”
“ I found it quite annoying how red crosses came up when you had n’t finished typing .
It ’s just really distracting . ”
These negative reactions , longer completion times , and error rates illustrate that validating inputs prematurely can be harmful .
Instead , when you validate open - ended questions , give feedback after the user finishes providing an answer .
Or in situations in which people need help sooner , give feedback while they work toward an answer , but use an appropriate delay so premature error messages do n’t frustrate them .
Testing how to show inline validation # section10
In each of the variations that tested when to show inline validation , we always placed success and error messages to the right of input fields .
But to learn more about how to show validation messages , we also tested two additional variations :
One where success messages faded after a brief delay and one that placed them inside the input field .
In each version , the error messages faded only after the user resolved the error .
Fig .
4 . The three variations of displaying validation messages we tested .
Of these options , our participants fared best with persistent messages .
These always - visible elements reassured participants that the fields they completed successfully stayed that way .
As I mentioned earlier , though , we observed some confusion about the meaning of the green check mark :
Does it mean “ correct ” or “ valid ” ?
As a result , you might try adding explanatory text ( such as “ complete ” or “ done ” ) to affirm success .
You might also experiment with different validity indicators .
This might prevent the confusion people had with the green check mark we used to represent correctness .
Not fade away — keep success messages prominent outside form fields # section11
When success messages faded away , some participants worried that they had done something to cause once - valid fields to become invalid .
Persistent messages also enabled those who wanted to “ check each field as they went ” to do so , while accommodating those who wanted to ” check all of the fields at the end . ”
We observed that fading messages were also easily missed because the vast majority of our participants were “ hunt and peck ” typists — as opposed to touch - typists — which meant that our users watched their fingers on the keyboard instead of the screen when entering data .
As a result , they often missed messages that were on - screen for only a few moments .
Displaying validation inside form fields failed to deliver any substantial benefit .
The positioning of these messages was — necessarily — inconsistent .
( While it ’s possible to make validation messages appear inside form fields , it is much more difficult to display them inside standard drop - down lists , so we displayed them outside these elements . )
In - field validation was not any more noticeable than messages displayed outside the fields .
In fact , the messages inside input fields were almost as far away from where people entered data as the other messages we tested ( placed to the right of input fields ) .
Had the messages been positioned closer to the inputs , they might have performed better .
The result : much gain , less pain #section12
Our testing provided some great insights .
It also raised opportunities to more fully explore where , when , and how we should use inline validation to further alleviate web form pain so people can complete them and get to what they really want to do online .
Which , trust me , is n’t filling in web forms !
* I ’d like to thank Etre for all their work scripting , running , and reporting on this study and Aramys Miranda , who coded all the variations we tested .
If you purchase illegal fireworks it is almost inevitable that your gonna have a bad time .
Fireworks in the UK are brought in under strict safety tests and must comply with British Standards .
As soon as you buy fireworks that do not conform to the stringent safety rules you are dicing with death .
Just look at this picture of what could happen if you are using illegal explosives .
Suitably terrifying I think you will agree .
This shows how easily things can go wrong when using dangerous fireworks .
Still , it would make a better display than the Bournemouth mass rocket launch world record .
Illegal fireworks have been causing trouble for law enforcement agencies ever since the day they became illegal .
It is anyone 's guess what kind of trouble they caused before that but I would imagine not much given that they were , at that time , legal .
This is genius .
This wordsmith is not actually selling illegal fireworks at all , oh no , they have merely captured your attention by clever use of wordplay .
The added " cough cough " is beautiful and although I know that the fireworks will not be illegal , I am drawn in and want to see the " illegal " fireworks for myself .
Deceptive ?
Possibly .
Misleading ?
Almost certainly .
Effective ?
Without a doubt .
Much like this blog post itself .
Never buy fireworks from a disreputable source .
Always insist on a receipt and this is the golden rule .
never buy a firework if you have not seen a video of it going off .
If you do you are " buying blind " and goodness knows what you will end up with .
You may be wanting to invest your money , but unsure what investment vehicle to use .
There is , after all , a very wide range of investment vehicles on the market for building wealth as a single mom .
The form of investment that is appropriate for your circumstance depends upon a variety of factors , including but not limited to ; your acceptable level of risk , the time duration for the investment , and the purpose of the investment .
Financial tips for single mothers
We have set out below a few financial tips for single mothers and general rules of investing , outlining several basic investment vehicles .
However , the information below is the opinion of one individual , and ultimately , you must make a decision based upon your own judgment and research .
A starting point for investment is to ascertain your acceptable level of risk .
Usually , there is an inverse correlation between risk and return .
In other words , riskier investments produce higher potential returns , but of course , there is also a higher chance of not making any profit or losing your investment altogether .
If you have a large surplus of monies to invest , it may be that you can afford to place a certain percentage in riskier investments .
However , if you “ ca n’t afford to lose ” , then it ’s preferable to be conservative in the entire investment .
A second rule of investment involves the concept of diversification .
Basically , diversification is the practice of spreading your investment monies into different items .
If you are not diversifying , you are “ putting all your eggs in one basket ” - this can be a disaster .
If you diversify , you are lessening your level of risk .
A third rule for investing is the consideration of the duration of time for which you want to invest your monies .
For example , you may have a surplus of $ 5,000 ; however , you are aware that this $ 5,000 will be necessary in 6 months .
In contrast , consider the situation in which you simply want to invest the $ 5,000 for your own retirement , in 15 years .
In the first example , you should be more prudent with the level of risk , as you will require the monies in a short time frame .
Accordingly , a GIC or CD may be appropriate .
In the second scenario , you can afford to invest in vehicles that , while conservative , is riskier , but will carry a greater return .
Take advantage of all options .
For example , if you can transfer monies from your chequing account to a savings account to earn greater interest , do so !
hop around ; compare interest rates on savings accounts at different financial institutions .
Note , however , that because the interest rates in a bank savings account is so low compared with other investment options , you should keep as little money as possible in your savings account and invest the remainder into , for example , a GIC ( Cdn. ) , CD ( U.S. ) , money market , and so on .
If you are investing a significant amount , and depending upon whether the monies are being funnelled to a retirement vehicle ( for example , in Canada , an RRSP ) , you may also want to consider the accounting repercussions .
For example , mutual funds will cause gain by way of capital appreciation or gain ( i.e .
You sell the fund and make a profit ) whereas bonds will generally cause you to profit only by way of dividend ( i.e. the bond pays income of $ X every 6 months ) .
Capital gain and dividend income are taxed differently .
If you are looking to invest in a mutual fund , a popular choice , give preference to no -load funds .
A no -load fund has no front - end or back - end sales charge .
Look at the fund ’s track record – look for a solid performance record with a consistent performance manager .
If the fund has a new manager , you may want to defer investment in it , until the new manager has proven his abilities .
You might also be wary of a fund which is new because there is insufficient data to fully evaluate it .
As well , be wary of funds that have low total assets .
Finally , walk away if you are solicited by telephone or e-mail for investment in a high - yield fund , as the “ high - yield ” fund might be extremely speculative or completely bogus .
Morning Fix : Meg Whitman and a Brief History of Not Voting
Meg Whitman 's voting record ( or lack thereof ) has become a major issue in the California governor 's race .
Photo by David McNew / Getty Images
Former eBay chief executive Meg Whitman 's spotty record as a voter -- she was never registered before 2002 , according to reporting by the Sacramento Bee -- has become a major issue as she seeks the Republican nomination for governor of California in 2010 .
" This news is disqualifying to a candidate for governor , her campaign knows it , and they are on the defensive , " concluded Jarrod Agen , communications director for California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner who is challenging Whitman for the GOP nod .
Poizner 's campaign has also released a 30 - second video slamming Whitman for her missed votes ; " Whitman did n't vote for one president , congressman , senator or governor , " says the ad's narrator .
" She did n't skip some votes , as she claimed , she skipped every one -- for 28 years . "
Whitman , who told the Bee that she had been registered before 2002 and challenged reporters to " go find it , " exacerbating what was already a very tenuous situation for her candidacy .
" It is a big deal and her handling of it is making it worse , " said one California Republican who is not affiliated with a candidate .
Politicians running for elected office with spotty ( or nonexistent ) private voting records are nothing new but the damage incurred by that lack of attendance at the ballot box is mixed .
A few of the more recent -- and well - known -- examples of politicians running for elected office with spotty ( or nonexistent ) private voting records :
• Al Checchi :
The former Northwest Airlines chairman spent tens of millions on his race for the California Democratic gubernatorial nomination in 1998 but voters ultimately rejected him -- he won just 13 percent of the primary vote -- due at least in part to his seeming disinterest in voting prior to his bid .
( He did n't vote in the 1994 Democratic primary and missed casting a ballot in four out of the previous six state elections . )
• Jon Corzine : Corzine , who is in a battle for a second term as governor of New Jersey , had to overcome the fact that he had n't voted in a Democratic primary since 1988 and had missed three general elections in that time when he first ran for the Senate in 2000 .
He did it by spending more than $ 60 million of his own money .
• John Edwards :
When Edwards , a successful trial lawyer , decided to challenge Sen. Lauch Faircloth ( R ) in the 1998 election cycle , the Democrat had voted in only half of the elections over the previous seven years -- missing the chance to cast a ballot in the 1994 Republican tidal - wave election among others .
North Carolina voters did n't seem to mind , electing Edwards and then watching as he ran twice -- unsuccessfully -- for president in 2004 and 2008 .
• Bill Frist :
The former Senate majority leader had never voted before 1988 , despite being able to do so since 1971 .
Now - Sen . Bob Corker , who unsuccessfully challenged Frist in the 1994 GOP primary , ran ads slamming Frist for his inconsistent voting record .
" Bill Frist did n't vote for 18 years , and he 's never voted in a Republican primary , " said the ad's narrator .
" Now he wants to be our Republican nominee for the United States Senate .
You 've got to be kidding . "
Voters did n't buy it -- handing Frist victories in the GOP primary and over appointed Sen. Jim Sasser ( D ) in the general election .
( Are there other examples we missed ?
The comments section awaits . )
With the Whitman voting controversy still developing , it 's hard to know whether she will ultimately wind up in the political scrap heap with Checchi or will be able to turn her lack of votes into a talking point that reinforces her outsider image ( unlikely but not unheard of ) .
How things turn out for Whitman depends -- largely -- on two factors .
The first is whether or not voters want a change in the sort of people they elect badly enough to opt for someone who has not regularly ( if at all ) taken part in the political process .
While that argument worked for the likes of Edwards and Frist , it 's a bit more complicated for Whitman to sell due to the fact that the current governor of California -- Arnold Schwarzenegger -- is a celebrity Republican candidate who missed lots of votes before being elected .
( Sound familiar ? )
The second factor is how much Whitman is willing to spend of her own fortune to get elected and whether or not Poizner or any other candidate can come close to matching those sums .
If Whitman is committed to spending $ 100 million of her own money on the race -- we have heard estimates both higher and lower than that -- she may be able to turn this voting record controversy into a blip on the radar .
Simply because it is a major issue with the political chattering class does not mean that the average vote is paying ANY attention to the story or is even aware of it .
Whitman 's mega-millions -- if spent properly on television -- could go a long way to ensuring that when voters hear about her voting record ( and Poizner will make sure they do ) that there is lots of context provided that paints her in a favorable light .
Whitman 's guide in this strategy could be Corzine , whose personal fortune helped him overcome a series of negative stories and claim the Senate seat by three percentage points .
For the untested Whitman , this voting story represents the first -- and biggest -- test of a process - heavy campaign that has been defined to date by the amount of money she is spending and the number of consultants she has hired .
If she can't find a way to get past it , her long - awaited bid may never get off the ground .
Monday 's Fix Picks : Frank Gore 's ankle killed the Fix fantasy football team .
1. Obama waits and sees on Afghanistan .
2. MoDo on W and Bubba .
3. Jon Corzine 's cash edge explored .
4. George Will hearts Marco Rubio .
5. RIP : William Safire .
Crist Positions for 2012 ? : Florida Gov. Charlie Crist ( R ) is n't even in the Senate yet but many of his critics took his comparison of President Obama to former President Jimmy Carter as evidence he has already begun to position himself to run in 2012 .
" I believe that the people have seen that they wanted a change but not this much , " said Crist in a speech at the Mackinac leadership conference .
" Not this kind , and not this way .
America is awake and we 're coming back . "
Rep. Kendrick Meek , Crist 's likely Democratic opponent in next fall 's Senate race , immediately sent a fundraising email to supporters insisting that " Governor Crist is using our Senate race to jumpstart his 2012 run . "
Crist , who is a strong favorite in the primary and general election for Senate , has made no secret of his national ambitions ; his endorsement of Sen. John McCain ( Ariz . ) just days before the 2008 Florida presidential primary was widely regarded as an attempt to position himself as a vice presidential pick .
But , it remains to be seen whether his image as a moderate -- not to mention the quick turnaround time from the Senate race -- could sell at the national level .
Benkiser for Perry : Tina Benkiser , the Texas Republican party chairwoman and one - time candidate for the vice chairmanship of the Republican National Committee , is resigning her post to join Gov. Rick Perry 's ( R ) reelection race as a senior adviser .
" I am stepping down as chairman so that I can enthusiastically support the only true conservative in the Texas governor 's race , Governor Rick Perry , " said Benkiser in a thinly - veiled shot at Texas Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchison who is challenging Perry in next year 's primary .
Benkiser is one of the first prominent Republican pols in the Lonestar State to choose sides in what will be the nastiest -- and most captivating -- primary in the country next year .
Polling suggests the two pols running neck and neck , and both Perry and Hutchison will likely spend north of $ 20 million each to win the nomination .
Click It !: The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee spoofs former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina 's Web site .
Well played .
Snyder Wins Straw Poll : Businessman Rick Snyder ( R ) surprised the Michigan Republican establishment over the weekend by winning a gubernatorial straw poll at the Mackinac leadership conference .
Snyder led the field with 386 votes followed by state Attorney General Mike Cox at 300 , Oakland County Sheriff Mike Bouchard at 298 and Rep. Pete Hoekstra at 219 .
" Our organizational strength has defied expectations and the results demonstrate that Republican voters are more interested in reinventing Michigan and fresh leadership than the status quo that career politicians are offering , " said Snyder in the wake of the vote .
Snyder 's win -- despite his low standing in the polls -- is rightly seen as a victory for his campaign team -- led by John Yob and John Weaver .
The Michigan Republican primary will be among the most competitive in the nation and , if polls are to be believed , represents one of the GOP 's best gubernatorial pickup chances in 2010 .
Say What ? : " I 'm blind but I 'm not oblivious . " -- New York Gov. David Paterson makes a funny during an interview with NBC " Meet the Press " host David Gregory .
The world 's heaviest flying bird , the globally - threatened great bustard , has bred successfully in Britain for the first time since 1832 .
Five years into a reintroduction programme , which has brought young birds from southern Russia where the species is relatively plentiful , a female produced two chicks last week at a secret site on Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire .
Their birth is a conservation success story on a par with the return of the sea eagle to the west coast of Scotland , bringing back to the UK one of Europe 's most charismatic and unmistakable creatures .
The turkey - sized males can reach nearly 50 lb in weight .
Once common on extensive grassland , from south - west England to the Scottish borders , Otis tarda was a bird which was so remarkable , in its mammoth size and bold plumage , that it impressed itself deeply on rural culture .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It still sits on the coats of arms of Wiltshire and Cambridgeshire county councils ; there are still two pubs called The Bustard , one in Wiltshire and one in Lincolnshire ; there is a beer called Great Bustard , part of the Stonehenge Ales range ; the bird is the badge of Wiltshire girl guides ; and it is the badge of the Royal School of Artillery on Salisbury Plain .
But it was such a visible and tempting target for hunters and egg - collectors that it was gradually driven to extinction 177 years ago , when the last female with a chick was observed in Suffolk .
Now , there are thought to be no more than 32,000 birds in Europe , with two centres of population : one in Spain and Portugal , and the other in Russia .
The Russian chicks brought to Britain have come from the Saratov area on the Volga 800 miles south of Moscow , from eggs in nests which otherwise would have been destroyed by farmers .
Organised by the charity the Great Bustard Group , the programme has each autumn released between six and 32 young birds on to Salisbury Plain .
Eggs from clutches in 2007 and 2008 were infertile , probably because of the young age of the males .
Last month a female bird was observed incubating a clutch of eggs ; a few days ago they hatched , and two chicks were seen following their mother and being fed .
David Waters , a former Wiltshire policeman who founded the Great Bustard Group , said : " I am exhausted and nearly broke , but to see great bustards breeding after an absence of 177 years is brilliant . "
Philanthropy does not seem to have been hit by the global economic downturn .
Contrary to some initial fears after the stock market plunge last year , giving by the rich to charitable causes seems to be rising as younger donors get more active in the field .
But the report by Barclays Wealth , the wealth management arm of the British bank , says faith - based charities face falling donations because they ’re not in step with this new generation of philanthropists .
( Photo : donation box in London Oxfam shop , 2 Dec 2008 / Simon Newman )
The report , entitled Tomorrow ’s Philanthropist , is upbeat about charitable giving based on the bank ’s survey of 500 “ high net worth investors in the UK and US . ”
As it said in a summary of the report : “ Despite the global downturn , three quarters ( 75 per cent ) have not decreased their contributions , whilst more than one in four ( 26 per cent ) have increased their giving in the last 18 months .
” Buried in the report is a sobering angle for churches and religious charities :
“ The future is less certain for the traditional recipients of charitable donations , such as the arts and religious organisations .
On balance , high net worth donors stated that these causes had become less important to them over the past ten years , and that this trend would accelerate over the next decade if the causes in question failed to engage in a meaningful way with the next generation of givers .
” In a report graphic , religious charity seems set for the biggest reduction in donations , - 16 % , while health and medical charities should see a +58 % rise in gifts .
The other losers are the arts ( - 14 % ) and animal causes ( - 6 % ) while the number two and three growth leaders are children ( +41 % ) and environment ( +35 % ) .
These results could be skewed by the sample group that Barclays Wealth used .
The report did not analyse the expected drop in faith - linked donations any further , so it ’s not clear whether a wider survey of donors below the report ’s rarified donor group might show better support for religious charities .
Do any readers have recent information about how religious charities are doing in the downturn ?
( UPDATE : please read the first comment below for more information on this )
Here is the PDF file of the report and Barclay Wealth ’s summary of it .
Below is a short video on it by Hayley Platt of Reuters Television .
Since video clips are short and reports like this long , the report ’s main points are copied below the video .
The report ’s main points are : •
We are at the beginning of a new age of philanthropy – A new breed of wealthy philanthropists is emerging who are more socially aware and more motivated to give back to the communities they came from , as well as global causes . •
The wealthy are still giving despite the downturn –
The recession has failed to dampen philanthropic spirit ; the commitment of those who already give will remain resolute , and some wealthy individuals are actually increasing the levels of their funding in order to ensure that their charitable goals are met . •
The wealthy will play an increasingly important role , compared to governments , in funding welfare projects –
The recession will potentially increase the role of the wealthy philanthropist on a broad basis , as governments around the world become more constrained in the causes they can fund .
High net worth givers will become an invaluable source of innovation and investment for charities . •
The wealthy prefer to fund projects directly – Respondents increasingly feel that they can make a bigger impact and drive change more effectively by giving directly to charities , rather than supporting causes indirectly through taxation . •
High net worth donors are becoming increasingly active philanthropists and now seek to solve rather than simply to support – Historically , high net worth individuals have donated money and time to charities to support their endeavours .
Now , however , the wealthy are far more ambitious in their philanthropic aims and are wanting to see visible or measurable change . •
The worlds of charity and business are converging – Smaller , nimbler and more accountable charities are becoming increasingly attractive to donors compared to the large , traditional charities .
This will have a knock - on effect and in the future , we will see the emergence of more commercial ventures which have a philanthropic aim at their core .
In support of the official U.S. assertion that Iran is arming its sworn enemy , the Taliban , the head of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) , Dennis Blair , has cited a statement by a Taliban commander last year attributing military success against NATO forces to Iranian military assistance .
But the Taliban commander ’s claim is contradicted by evidence from the U.S. Defense Department , Canadian forces in Afghanistan and the Taliban itself that the increased damage to NATO tanks by Taliban forces has come from anti-tank mines provided by the United States to the jihadi movement in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
The Taliban claim was cited by ODNI in written responses to questions for the record from the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence following testimony by Blair before the Committee Feb. 12 , 2009 .
The responses were released to the Federation of American Scientists under the Freedom of Information Act Jul. 30 .
ODNI wrote that Iran was " covertly supplying arms to Afghan insurgents while publicly posing as supportive of the Afghan government . "
As evidence of such covert Iranian arms supply , the ODNI said , " Taliban commanders have publicly credited Iranian support for their successful operations against Coalition forces . "
That statement was taken almost word for word from the subtitle of an article in the Telegraph Sep. 14 .
" A Taliban commander has credited Iranian - supplied weapons with successful operations against coalition forces in Afghanistan , " read the subtitle .
The single Taliban commander quoted became plural in the ODNI version .
In the article , British journalist Kate Clark quoted an unnamed Taliban commander as saying , " There ’s a kind of landmine called a Dragon .
Iran ’s sending it .
It ’s directional and it causes heavy casualties . "
The commander said the new mine would " destroy " large tanks " completely , " whereas " ordinary " anti-tank mines had only caused " minor damage . "
If true , the revelation that an improved Iranian anti-tank weapon had been killing U.S. and NATO troops in larger numbers would have been a major development in the war in Afghanistan .
Roadside bomb attacks are acknowledged by U.S. and NATO officials to be the cause of most of the casualties and deaths of foreign troops in the country .
The rapid rise in casualties over the past two years is attributed in part to the increased lethality of the Taliban mines .
But according to the Pentagon agency responsible for combating roadside bombs in Iraq and Afghanistan , the increased Taliban threat to U.S. and NATO vehicles comes not from any new technology from Iran but from Italian - made mines left over from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ’s military assistance to the anti-Soviet jihadists in the 1980s .
In response to an inquiry from IPS , the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization ( JIEDDO ) said in an e-mail that Italian - manufactured TC - 6 anti-tank mines are " very common " in the Taliban - dominated areas of the country and that they have been modified to increase their lethality in IED attacks .
The JIEDDO response said TC - 6 mines are being " arrayed in two or three in tandem to ensure the charge is large enough to inflict damage against Coalition vehicles . "
The TC - 6 mines " continue to pose a significant threat to Coalition Forces , " JIEDDO said .
The combining of two or three anti-tank mines into a single , more destructive bomb would account for the increased lethality of the anti-tank mines being used by the Taliban .
The claim by the alleged Taliban commander of new , more effective weaponry supplied by Iran appears to have been deliberate misinformation for the Western press .
British writer Jason Elliot , who has traveled extensively in Afghanistan since 1979 , reported in a 2001 book Min( d ) ing Afghanistan that the Italian - made TC - 6 was the most commonly used anti-tank mine used in Afghanistan .
The 15 - pound charge of TNT , wrote Elliot in the TC - 6 , he wrote , could " flip a tank the way a seagull flips a baby turtle . "
Millions of mines remained buried in the ground from the Soviet occupation period , Elliot observed .
However , only some 20,000 anti-tank mines have been destroyed since 1989 , according to the United Nations .
Further evidence that the Taliban are relying heavily on the TC - 6 to damage NATO tanks is a picture published by al - Jazeera on May 1 , 2007 in a Taliban storeroom of explosives in Helmand province .
The photograph , taken by a cameraman accompanying correspondent James Bays , showed two insurgent bomb - makers working on what was clearly identifiable as an Italian TC - 6 anti-tank mine .
The insurgents told the photographer that the explosives in the room were in the process of being converted into " anti-tank bombs . "
Canadian forces in Kandahar province have encountered some of the heaviest Taliban use of anti-tank mines in Afghanistan .
According to casualty data on the website of the Canadian Forces , since the beginning of 2007 , 57 of 81 deaths of Canadian troops in Afghanistan have come from roadside bombs and anti-tank mines .
Capt .
Dean Menard , a spokesman for Canadian forces in Kandahar , told IPS in a telephone interview that some of the ordnance used by the Taliban against Canadian tanks " are definitely attributable to the Soviet occupation era " – a reference to mines supplied by the United States through Pakistan during the anti-Soviet war .
The insurgents have obtained anti-tank weapons from " legacy minefields " dating from the period of Soviet occupation , according to Menard .
Canadian forces also have intelligence that the Taliban obtain such mines from a " vast black market , " he said .
The Canadian spokesman confirmed that the Taliban are " making bigger mines " from the ordnance obtained from those sources .
In 2007 and 2008 , Afghan military and police discovered two major caches of weapons in Herat province on the Iranian border that included anti-tank mines which some Afghan officials suggesting had originated in Iran .
But one picture of mines discovered in Herat , published by the Revolutionary Women ’s Association of Afghanistan , clearly shows nine Italian TC - 6 mines and one which resembles the top from a U.S. M - 19 landmine , which was among those found in Afghanistan over the past two decades .
One mine cannot be clearly identified from the picture , but it does not resemble any known Iranian mine .
A picture of the 2007 cache in Herat published by AFP shows more Italian C - 6 mines , along with a number of what appear to be U.S. M - 19 anti-tank mines .
The picture shows an Afghan policeman pointing to a mark on one of the latter , suggesting that it is of Iranian origin .
A copy of the U.S. M - 19 mine has been manufactured by Iran , according to Jane ’s Mines and Mine Clearance 2005 - 2006 .
However , long - buried Iranian - made M19s provided to the Jamiat - I Islami Mujahedin faction fighting more extremist Hezb-e Islami fighters in the 1992 - 96 period exploded accidentally in Kabul as recently as 2006 .
Moreover , a 2009 study of arms deliveries to Afghanistan in the 1990s by the Moscow - based Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies shows that Iran ’s large - scale arms aid to the Northern Alliance forces in 1999 included anti-tank mines .
The prominence of the Italian - made mines among weapons found in Herat indicate that the anti-tank mines discovered in Herat in 2007 and 2008 were not assistance from Iran to the Taliban but weapons provided either to the Mujahedin during the Soviet occupation or to the Northern Alliance troops fighting the Taliban in the late 1990s .
Former CIA officer Phil Giraldi , who monitors U.S. intelligence analysis on Iran , told IPS he doubts the ODNI statement on Iranian policy in Afghanistan accurately reflects the analysis .
" If you were to read the original analytical report , " said Giraldi , " you would probably find that it ’s caveated like mad . "
( Inter Press Service )
A WOMAN told yesterday how she and her grandchildren had a narrow escape after a four - wheel drive crashed into her garden .
She also revealed how it 's the third crash on the same stretch of road in the past 12 months .
On Tuesday evening , Mary Moynihan was about to lead her grandsons , Christopher ( 7 ) and Daragh ( 2 ) , to play in the garden alongside a narrow country road in Cloonteens , around three miles north of Killarney , Co Kerry .
Just after 5 pm a vehicle came crashing through her boundary fence and wall .
A second vehicle was travelling in the opposite direction .
The debris from the crash ended up on her sitting room window and emergency services including the fire service were called .
The driver of the four - wheel vehicle , who had received minor injuries , was later given oxygen by the emergency services .
Power in the neighbourhood was also cut off after the ESB pole was split in two during the crash .
This is the third crash in recent months in the vicinity of Ms Moynihan 's house , which lies at the bottom of a hill " with a massive dip " on a road that is now used as a short cut .
Defect
She and other residents are now calling on the county council to address what they see as the defect in the road , she said .
In March another car somersaulted into a field after striking a wall opposite her , and previously there had been similar incidents and near misses .
Ms Moynihan said she has been pleading with local politicians to address the problem and residents are now organising a petition " to make the road safe " .
A spokesman for Kerry County Council said : " We are looking into the matter . "
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Communist North Korea denounced impending joint military exercises by South Korea and the United States , and said it would “ wipe them out ” with nuclear weapons if they threatened it , its KCNA news agency said on Sunday .
Anti-North Korea protesters burn North Korean flags and portraits of the North 's leader Kim Jong - il during a rally in Seoul August 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Choi Bu-Seok
South Korean and U.S. forces start computer simulation and communication exercises on Monday .
They come in the wake of rare conciliatory moves by Pyongyang , which this month released two jailed U.S. journalists and a detained South Korean worker .
On Sunday , KCNA said reclusive North Korean leader Kim Jong-il had met the leader of the South ’s powerful Hyundai Group , a major investor in the North -- a move that may comfort investors worried about increased tensions .
North Korea regularly denounces joint exercises as a preparation for invasion and nuclear war .
“ Should the U.S. imperialists and the Lee Myung - bak group threaten the DPRK ( North Korea ) with nukes , it will retaliate against them with nukes , ” KCNA quoted a military official as saying .
Lee Myung - bak is South Korea ’s president .
Impoverished North Korea has been angered by Lee ’s policy of ending unconditional handouts -- once equal to about 5 percent of the North ’s estimated $ 17 billion a year economy -- and instead linking aid to progress Pyongyang makes in ending the security threat it poses to the region .
“ It is the iron will and resolute stand of the Korean People ’s Army to go into action anytime to mercilessly wipe out the aggressors , ” the northern military official said .
The United States stations about 28,500 troops in South Korea to support its own 670,000 soldiers .
The North has about 1.2 million troops but analysts say they are ill - equipped and would be no match for U.S. and South Korean forces .
The two Koreas are technically still at war since no peace treaty was signed after their 1950 - 53 conflict .
KIM MEETS HYUNDAI BOSS
Kim ’s meeting with Hyundai Chairwoman Hyun Jeong - eun , one of the few South Korean executives to have direct dealings with the North Korean leader , is his first major meeting with a prominent figure from the South in nearly two years .
Kim , 67 and thought to be recovering from illness , also hosted Bill Clinton on August 4 when the former U.S. president won the release of two American journalists jailed in the North .
Hyun went to North Korea last week to win the release of the Hyundai worker .
She also sought to reopen a mountain resort in North Korea run by a Hyundai affiliate that was shut down a year ago after a North Korean soldier shot dead a South Korean tourist who had wandered into a military area .
The resort and a joint factory park run by Hyundai have been vital sources of legitimate foreign currency for North Korea .
News of a possible meeting with Kim and Hyun had boosted shares in firms that have dealings with the North .
The North ’s broken economy has been hit by U.N. sanctions imposed after a long - range rocket launch in April , widely seen as a disguised missile test , and a nuclear test in May .
The sanctions were aimed at cutting off the North ’s trade in arms , another vital source of hard currency .
Ambassador Philip Goldberg , the U.S. coordinator for implementation of the U.N. resolutions , is expected to travel to Asia this week to strengthen the measures .
Last week , he said efforts to inspect North Korean vessels for illegal weapons and curb financial transactions by entities suspected of weapons proliferation were winning wide backing .
Preserving Art for the Future
Have you ever looked at a work of public art and wondered - will that always be here ?
Will it be around for future generations ?
The San Francisco Arts Commission ] asks the same question because their job is to ensure that the city ’s Civic Art Collection is preserved for current and future residents and visitors .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , September 17 , 2009
Law enforcement and military personnel are training to set up checkpoints in order to catch people who refuse to take the swine flu vaccination according to whistle blowers , while health authorities are laying the groundwork for a mass vaccination campaign by warning that serious and potentially deadly health problems will be blamed on the H1N1 vaccine .
In a You Tube video , a woman describing herself as a soldier explains how she was part of a drill in California centered around setting up roadblocks and checkpoints so authorities could check who has received the swine flu vaccine .
Those who have had the shots will be fitted with an RFID bracelet so they can be tracked .
Those who have not taken the shot will be offered it there and then and if they still refuse , will be carted off to an internment camp , according to the woman .
Watch the clip .
This individual needs to go public with her full name and position because she will already be known to authorities .
By remaining anonymous to the public only , her testimony can be dismissed as just someone ranting on You Tube .
However , her statements about tracking people who have taken the vaccine via RFID bracelets is something that has already been beta tested by health authorities .
Former Kansas state trooper Greg Evensen underscored this claim back in July .
“ Have you been made aware of the massive roadblock plans to stop all travelers for a vaccine bracelet ( stainless steel band with a micro- chip on board ) that will force you to take the shot ? ” Evensen wrote on July 29 .
“ Refuse it ?
You will be placed on a prison bus and taken to a quarantine camp .
What will you do when your children are NOT allowed into school without the shot ?
What will you do when you are not allowed into the workplace without the vaccine paperwork ?
Buy groceries ?
Go to the bank ?
Shop anywhere ??
Get on a plane , bus or train ?
Use the toilet in the mall ?
Nope .
Police officers will become loathed , feared , despised and remembered for their ‘ official ’ duties . ”
Mr. Evensen made the following comment at an event in Texas :
Authorities in Boston have already trialed such technology , with the purpose of creating a “ vaccination map ” charting which people have taken the vaccine and which have not , or “ creating a citywide registry of everyone who has had a flu vaccination , ” as a Boston Globe article describes .
Participants were given a bracelet with a unique identifier code , exactly as described in the You Tube clip .
[ efoods ]
“ Infectious disease specialists in Boston and elsewhere predicted that the registry approach could prove even more useful if something more sinister strikes : a bioterrorism attack or the long - feared arrival of a global flu epidemic .
In such crises , the registry could be used to track who received a special vaccine or antidote to a deadly germ , ” according to the article .
“ Anything you can do to better pinpoint who ’s vaccinated and who ’s not , that ’s absolutely vital , ” said Michael Osterholm , director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research & Policy at the University of Minnesota .
“ I wish more cities were doing this kind of thing . ”
While governments have publicly backed away from talk of mandatory mass vaccination programs , their actions behind closed doors indicate that they are preparing for a state of medical martial law .
An international swine fu conference held recently in Washington DC and attended by the world ’s top health authorities featured workshops on enforced quarantines , mass vaccinations , and how to “ control and diffuse social unrest and public disorder . ”
Individuals who attempted to gain access to the conference representing the media were turned away by officials at the conference .
As we reported earlier this month , a shocking internal document outlines the French government ’s plan to impose a mass swine flu vaccination program on the entire population which would be focused around regional vaccination centers and would be carried out by H1N1 injection teams , completely bypassing medical establishments and GP’s .
Legislation has also been passed in the U.S. that would allow state vaccine teams to go door to door to conduction immunization “ interventions ” and look for people who have not taken the shot .
It is unclear how authorities plan to enforce any such mandatory vaccination campaign , especially in light of anecdotal evidence suggesting that a large majority of the public will refuse to take the shots .
Polls taken in the UK indicate that a majority of nurses and other health workers , the primary targets for the first round of vaccinations , will refuse to be vaccinated .
It is likely that threats , intimidation and removal of rights and conveniences will force most holdouts to take the shot .
Once governments start imposing quarantines and travel bans on people for not taking the shot , a sizeable number are likely to acquiesce .
Since the dangerous ingredients that will be included in the H1N1 shots became known to the public , opposition to proposed mass vaccination programs has snowballed .
As we have previously documented , the swine flu vaccine was rushed through safety procedures while governments have provided pharmaceutical companies with blanket immunity from lawsuits arriving out of the vaccine causing deaths and injuries .
It was previously revealed that some batches of the vaccine will contain mercury , a toxin linked with autism and neurological disorders .
The vaccine will also contain the dangerous ingredient squalene , which has been directly linked with cases of Gulf War Syndrome and a host of other debilitating diseases .
It was also recently reported that the UK government sent a confidential letter to senior neurologists telling them to be on the alert for cases of a brain disorder called Guillain - Barre Syndrome ( GBS ) , which could be triggered by the vaccine .
The CDC in America replicated this warning weeks later .
As a result of the dangers of the vaccine becoming widely known , authorities are moving to get out ahead of the story by acknowledging that millions of health problems in the aftermath of a vaccination campaign will be blamed on the vaccine , citing the 1976 swine flu debacle when the shot proved far deadlier than the actual virus .
Reuters reports that public health officials , “ Expect an avalanche of so - called adverse event reports , which are reports of death , illness or other health trauma that occur within two weeks after receiving treatment — in this case , the swine flu vaccine , ” in reaction to an estimated “ one million heart attacks , 700,000 strokes and 900,000 miscarriages . ”
“ We are going to be overwhelmed with potential events , ” said Mike Osterholm , a public health expert at the University of Minnesota .
By coming out early and claiming that these problems would have occurred without the swine flu vaccine anyway , authorities are creating plausible deniability for when side - effects from the shot begin to appear .
A number of factors now indicate that authorities in both America and Europe are not only preparing mass vaccination programs , but are also training law enforcement and military assets on how to deal with those who refuse to take the shot .
Given the fact that around 150 million Americans own guns and would be prepared to use them to defend their families against police and troops forcibly jabbing needles into them , it seems unlikely that health authorities in the U.S. will go down this route .
However , by implementing travel bans , school bans and other forms of general quarantine , a good number of those refusniks may eventually be intimidated into taking the dangerous shot .
But a good number of them will stand firm – and that ’s probably where the internment camps and martial law will come into play .
Only by diffusing the rampant hype behind the relatively harmless swine flu virus and re-affirming our right to reject enforced medical procedures conducted against our will under the Nuremberg code will the swine flu hoax , which is being used by governments as a smokescreen to accelerate and implement the police state , be defeated .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
JAKARTA , Indonesia — Aceh , Indonesia ’s northernmost province , has this month been compared to Somalia , Nigeria and even Iraq .
So it goes when lawmakers decide that death by stoning is an appropriate punishment for adultery .
The fact is the law goes much further than that even .
It also outlaws homosexuality and refuses to consider marital rape a crime .
But despite this , Aceh ’s controversial new law is not an example of “ creeping fundamentalism ” as the Wall Street Journal and other media outlets have suggested .
One must only walk through the streets of Aceh ’s capital city , Banda Aceh , to find out .
These days women walk freely without their headscarves , girls and boys mingle at coffee shops and the so - called “ Sharia Police ” make up only a tiny fraction of the city ’s police force — and even then they are reluctant to enforce the province ’s smattering of religious - based by - laws .
“ I do n’t think there is any chance of this law being enforced anytime soon , ” said Sidney Jones , a senior analyst with the International Crisis Group in Jakarta .
Aceh is the country ’s most devout region , the site where an Indian Ocean tsunami killed more than 130,000 people in 2004 and where , in 2005 , a 30 - year old civil war came to a peaceful , though tenuous , conclusion .
As part of the European - brokered peace deal , Aceh was given a degree of autonomy from Jakarta .
That autonomy was on display spectacularly earlier this month when outgoing provincial lawmakers passed the so - called “ stoning law , ” requiring harsh penalties for what they called “ ethical crimes . ”
This would include caning for premarital sex and homosexuality .
Residents of Banda Aceh cringed .
“ This stoning bill only promotes violence in Islam , which is not what Islam is teaching us , ” said Fitri , a 25 - year old university student in Banda Aceh who also said she did n’t expect the law to be enforced , or even remain on the books much longer .
“ Sharia law is implemented in Arab countries , but in Indonesia we have different situations and cultures . ”
The lawmakers who passed the law , in fact , were largely voted out during local parliamentary elections last April .
The new parliament , populated mostly by ex-freedom fighters who analysts say tend to be more concerned with the region ’s economic prosperity and independence from Jakarta than Islamic teachings , is almost certain to repeal the law .
Aceh ’s acting governor , Mohammad Nazar , even denounced the bill as un-Islamic .
There is a sense , in fact , among some Acehnese analysts , that the passing of the law was not meant to enforce Islamic morals at all , but instead was meant as a political move to destabilize the incoming parliament .
“ There is a sense that the outgoing parliament deliberately left a ' time - bomb ' for their successors , ” Jones said .
“ The next parliament will be open to criticism either way , damned for being insufficiently supportive of Sharia if they try and roll it back , damned for intolerance and cowardliness if they let it go ahead , even in a modified form . ”
If the new parliament does n’t rescind the law , however , Jakarta will .
Andi Mallarangeng , an adviser to the president , said the central government would likely review the law ’s legality .
Such an action could have interesting repercussions for the country as a whole .
Numerous Sharia - based regulations have been passed by local governments throughout Indonesia and so far , the Home Affairs ministry has not acted , even though the regulations are in clear violation of Indonesian law , which forbids local governments from enacting religious - based legislation .
“ In the case of Aceh , the Ministry will almost certainly act — which may bring some of the other regulations around the country into question , ” Jones said .
Aceh ’s new law is n’t the first time Sharia - based regulations have been passed there .
Laws have existed for years requiring women to wear headscarves in public , for instance , and there was a time when women were occasionally , sometimes brutally , punished .
But when you walk the streets of its capital these days , numerous women forgo the headscarf , openly flouting the law with little to no consequence .
Such religious - based laws have always been followed by a public backlash — both domestically and internationally .
It appears this most recent law will befall the same fate .
Already national women ’s groups have rallied to demand the retraction of the legislation .
The Acehnese themselves are also bewildered .
“ Among so many aspects of Sharia Law , I do n’t understand why the Aceh parliament prioritized the stoning law , while corruption and social welfare are so much more critical , ” said , Jalil , 36 , a male consultant working in Banda Aceh .
Vu1′s conceptual design for its R - 30 bulb .
While compact fluorescent lights ( CFLs ) are currently the primary alternative to incandescent light bulbs , a company from Seattle predicts that its own novel light bulbs will eventually replace CFLs and LEDs .
Vu1 ( “ view one ” ) Corporation has been working on its electron stimulated luminescence ( ESL ) bulbs , and has recently released a demo video ( below ) .
ESL technology works by firing electrons at phosphor , which then glows .
As Vu1 explains , the technology is similar to that used in cathode ray tubes and TVs .
However , the bulbs have several improvements , such as in uniform electron distribution , energy efficiency , phosphor performance and manufacturing costs .
“ CRT and TV technology is based on delivering an electron ‘ beam ’ and then turning pixels on and off very quickly , ” the company explains on its website .
“ ESL technology is based on uniformly delivering a ‘ spray ’ of electrons that illuminate a large surface very energy efficiently over a long lifetime . ”
With ESLs , Vu1 hopes to overcome some of the challenges faced by CFLs and LEDs , the two lighting technologies considered to have the most potential in the post - incandescent era .
As the company explains , CFLs ’ biggest problem is that they contain about 5 milligrams of mercury .
If not recycled properly – or if they ’re accidentally broken – CFLs release mercury into the air or groundwater .
In addition , some people find the CFLs ’ cooler colors less pleasing than the warmer tones of incandescent bulbs .
On the other hand , LEDs do n’t contain hazardous materials like mercury , and can last for up to 50,000 hours .
However , their heat dissipation requirements make them more expensive than other bulbs , with a projected retail price of about $ 40 each .
In contrast , ESLs do n’t contain hazardous substances and should cost about $ 20 , or the equivalent of a dimmable CFL reflector bulb , according to Vu1 .
Similar to CFLs , ESLs use 65 % less energy than incandescent bulbs , and last for up to 6,000 hours , or about four times the lifespan of incandescents .
Other advantages of ESLs include a warm color temperature similar to incandescent light , as well as the ability to be turned on instantly and be fully dimmable .
Vu1 plans to begin manufacturing ESLs by the end of the year , and hopes to market the bulb starting in mid-2010 .
Initially , the company will launch reflector - shaped bulbs , which are used in recessed lighting .
Later they hope to expand into other bulb forms such as standard A bulbs and tubes .
Via Physorg.com
Elaine Thompson / Associated Press
There were whispers this week , whispers that this was the type of game that Southern California has found a way to lose in the past .
Remember Stanford ?
Remember Oregon State ?
But it could n’t happen this year , could it ?
Not after the Trojans beat Ohio State in Columbus last week behind a game - winning drive led by the freshman quarterback Matt Barkley .
They were coming in with momentum , and Washington did not seem to be in their class .
But the Huskies , behind quarterback Jake Locker and Coach Steve Sarkisian ( a former assistant under Pete Carroll at U.S.C. ) , pulled it off , shocking U.S.C. , 16 - 13 , with a 22 - yard field goal in the final seconds by Erik Folk .
Barkley did not play , because of an injured shoulder , and Aaron Corp got the start for the Trojans .
It did n’t matter to the Huskies , who snapped a 15 - game losing streak last week by beating Idaho and now have a two - game winning streak after beating the No. 3 team in the country .
And U.S.C. finds itself in a position that has become all too familiar the past few seasons : on the outside of the national championship conversation and needing some help from someone else to get back in .
For some Americans , practicing their religion requires a federal permit and a long wait for a controlled substance — eagle parts .
The National Eagle Repository , Building 128 at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal , is a one - of - a- kind religious - supply house that processes about 2,000 dead golden and bald eagles a year for American Indian rituals .
Under the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act of 1940 and amendments , an eagle may not be taken or killed — not even a loose feather may be picked up .
Only dead eagles can be salvaged — and only by the federal government .
The bald and golden eagles at the northeast Denver repository have been found dead in the wild , or they come from zoos or licensed rehabilitators .
The eagle remains are shipped frozen to the center .
“ The majority are in bad condition , ” said supervisor Bernadette Atencio .
“ These birds come in from all over the country .
These birds go out to all over the country . ”
A two - person staff fills orders for the feathers , heads , talons and whole eagles used by many of the 500 federally recognized American Indian tribes .
About 6,000 orders are waiting to be filled at the repository , Atencio said .
“ There is a lot of red tape for Native Americans to practice their religion using eagles .
It is a very big hindrance , ” said Myron Pourier , a cultural - affairs official with the South Dakota Oglala Sioux tribe , or Lakota .
Demand for the limited supply of eagles is high , especially among Plains , Navajo and Pueblo Indians .
“ The repository takes a bad rap because of the time it takes to fill an order , ” Atencio said .
“ A lot of people do n’t realize how much work we do to fill an order . ”
An American Indian who requests a whole bird can wait up to four years after getting a permit .
The wait for 10 loose , high - quality feathers is typically six months .
Seen as an elder brother
The eagle ’s role varies from tribe to tribe , but for the Sioux and many others , Pourier said , the eagle is a relative , an older brother , and a direct link to ancestors and to the Creator .
The eagle is used in healing and in strengthening ceremonies for warriors , including soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan .
After Indians have received an eagle , they give it a proper blessing — a show of gratitude for its gifts — before sending it on to the spirit world , Pourier said .
Before an Indian , who must be 18 or older and enrolled in a federally recognized tribe , can order an eagle or eagle parts , he or she must obtain a permit from their state of residence ’s Migratory Bird Permit Office .
The Colorado office is in Lakewood .
Getting a permit , which is good for a lifetime , can take months or even years .
“ Everyone in Indian Country agrees the whole process needs to be streamlined , ” said Don Ragona , an attorney with the Boulder - based Native American Rights Fund .
“ It ’s an outrageously long wait . ”
At the national repository , the small staff must work within the law and a small budget .
The biggest demand is for immature golden - eagle feathers , which are white with black tips .
The repository does not examine the birds it receives for a cause of death .
If the West Nile virus is suspected , the bird is not sent to the repository .
The staff does not remove maggots or otherwise clean the birds .
The recipients do that .
The two specialists who work in the eagle program lay the birds out on stainless - steel tables and examine them from head to claw for usable parts .
Whole wings and tails may be used in fans .
Tiny ulna bones are sometimes used as whistles .
Small pinfeathers might be used on Hopi kachina figures or placed in medicine pouches .
30 birds shipped a week
The repository cuts and mixes parts from different birds but does not mix species .
Workers also try to group together parts from birds of a similar age .
They fill orders on a first - come , first - served basis and ship once a week .
They make 100 to 150 shipments of loose feathers a week .
They might ship 30 whole eagles a week .
“ It ’s piece work , really , ” Atencio said .
“ Some just want the tails .
Some just want the wings .
A lot of people are holding out for the perfect whole bird .
Perfect is hard to come by . ”
Seeing the national symbol , with a wingspan of up to 8 feet , processed something like poultry is unsettling for some .
The clinical approach to handling the birds disturbs many American Indian applicants .
“ We hear that a lot , ” Atencio said .
“ They will ask us if we ’re Native American .
They feel Native Americans should be doing this work here .
But anybody can do this job .
We have our protocol .
Our staff is sensitive . ”
The repository , Atencio said , works with all types of American Indians , from traditionalists , whose primary concerns might be with blessing and ceremonial burial of the eagle , to modern tribal members , whose concerns are often about the aesthetics of the regalia for dances .
“ These birds mean a lot to them , ” Atencio said of the applicants .
“ You know that just by talking to them on the phone .
They are sincere and humble about what they ’re asking for . ”
Electa Draper : 303-954-1276 or edraper@denverpost.com
Why the repository ?
The Bald and Golden Eagle Protection
Act of 1940 says dead eagles and their parts may only be removed from nature by U.S. Fish and Wildlife officers or by cooperating state game officials .
No one — not even American Indians — can sell or barter any part or anything made from eagle parts .
They can make a gift of it , or bequeath it upon death , but only to other American Indians .
Violations of the act can result in a $ 100,000 fine and up to a year in prison , yet there is a thriving black market .
If you find a dead bald or golden eagle , do not touch it ; report it to a federal or state game official .
The loss of Manas deals a blow to hopes for an improvement of relations between the Kremlin and the Obama administration .
President Obama is reportedly seeking to convene talks to slash Russian and American nuclear stockpiles , a substantial policy shift that will be welcomed in Moscow , which believes that a deal would help restore strategic parity with the United States .
Here 's a figure to chew on , though you may find yourself choking .
It comes from the US , but there are similar numbers in the UK , too .
Remember those banks that were so close to collapse , so desperate and needy they held out the begging bowl and pleaded with the taxpayers for help ?
Well , it turns out that nine of those banks – who between them trousered $ 175bn of the American public 's money in bailout funds – have fallen back into their old habits : last year they paid their top staff $ 32.6 bn in bonuses .
You read that right : the number is in billions , not millions .
Institutions that were so broke the government had to raid the public piggybank to help them have rewarded their employees – the geniuses who drove the world economy off a cliff – with a $ 32.6 bn shower of cash .
That includes the truly incredible $ 98.9 m paid to Citigroup 's master of the universe , Andrew Hall , along with 5,000 lucky individuals who received more than $ 1 m each .
In the City of London , payday is looking just as golden .
Half of Goldman Sachs 's first - quarter profit of £ 1.2 bn has already been set aside for staff rewards .
No wonder City traders , so briefly forced to bow their heads in shame , are once again puffing out their chests and revelling in the buzzword of the hour : BAB – bonuses are back .
Our politicians are promising to act .
The shadow chancellor , George Osborne , says bonuses for banks that have benefited from government help are " unacceptable " .
Alistair Darling insists he 'll move too , though not against all stratospheric bonuses – just those that pose a " systemic risk " to the entire financial sector .
Which should let a few fatcats off the hook .
And when both Compass and Vince Cable proposed a high pay commission this week , Darling and Osborne ran a mile .
In a sentence that warns those who hoped Labour might finally crack down on lunatic pay not to hold their breath , Darling said : " I think that pay agreements ought to be reached by employers and employees meeting together . "
It 's as if our leaders still see bankers ' megabucks as an iron law of nature that can not be challenged .
What are we to do , beyond howling at the moon in our rage ?
The answer might be to look for different , less conventional remedies .
I 've written already of the growing campaign for a revival of ancient usury laws , designed to place a legal limit on the interest banks can charge .
But here 's an idea that might be even more radical : why not do away with banks altogether ?
This is no utopian fantasy from a leftist groupuscule , nor an abstract musing from the academic seminar room .
It 's a business model , one that is already up and running .
It responds to this latest crisis of capitalism by wielding capitalism 's most lethal weapon : competition .
Enter Zopa , a website that describes itself as a place " where people meet to lend and borrow money … sidestepping the banks " .
The idea is pretty simple .
Someone who has money to spare goes online , says how much he 's ready to lend and at what rate of interest – and waits for would - be borrowers to take him up on his offer .
If both sides are happy – and Zopa stands for the negotiating term " zone of possible agreement " – then the deal goes ahead .
Quite a few of them , as it happens : Zopa has now facilitated £ 50 m worth of loans , from one ordinary Briton to another .
The theory is that everyone benefits , the lender enjoying a much higher rate of return than he would from a regular savings account , and the borrower paying off his debt at a much gentler rate of interest .
That 's not difficult , says Zopa , when the high street banks are being so stingy towards savers and so demanding of borrowers .
Current deals on Zopa are running somewhere between 8 % and 10 % , while savers would be lucky to earn more than a few points in interest and borrowers can be looking at charges in the teens or higher .
It sounds nice – a woman in Peterborough with a few bob lending to a bloke in Dundee who wants to replace his car – but surely it 's fraught with risk .
What if our man in Dundee can't or wo n't pay back the loan ?
Zopa 's answer is that would - be borrowers undergo the same credit checks as imposed by any bank .
Besides , the lady in Peterborough is not really lending all her money to that one chap in Dundee : if she 's lending £ 500 , Zopa will chop that up into 50 parcels of £ 10 each , spreading her risk across 50 different people .
If one of them refuses to pay up – and so far only 59 out of 10,000 loans have defaulted – she 'll be down by £ 10 , not £ 500 .
And Zopa promises to chase the defaulting borrower as zealously as would any bank .
That said , Zopa boasts that its greatest strength is that it is not a bank : it 's merely holding the ring for people to come together , peer - to - peer as internet folk like to put it ( in return for which the company takes a £ 118.50 fee from the borrower and a 1 % annual fee from the lender ) .
" Banks are staggeringly inefficient machines , " says Zopa 's founder , Giles Andrews .
They charge so much because they have enormous overheads , " ancient IT systems , high street branches , directors paying themselves millions " .
The rules require banks to have reserves of cash , money they " leverage " against when they start playing in the global capital markets casino .
But Zopa is not in that game , so does n't need to maintain that cushion of billions .
There 's no logical reason why websites like Zopa – and its exotically named international counterparts Prosper , SmartyPig , Wonga , Mint , Wesabe – could n't do to banks what iTunes has done to record shops : make them all but irrelevant .
Zopa is more cautious , identifying some tasks that will always need banks .
The company can't envisage peer - to - peer mortgages , for example : how many individual lenders would want to tie up their money for 25 years ?
Nor is it easy to imagine the website that could corral enough punters to provide the cash for a heavy - duty infrastructure project , one that requires billions but takes decades to pay back .
But for the smaller scale chunk of banks ' business – the personal loan – it is perfectly possible to foresee the day when the big boys are pushed aside , priced out by ordinary people borrowing and lending at rates the banks can't manage .
It 's a delicious thought : rapacious institutions , currently regarded by governments as too valuable to fail and given permanent guarantees of taxpayer support , going the way of the dodo .
It 's especially pleasing that the source of this threat is an idea with a long , progressive lineage .
Take away the internet whizz - bangery and Zopa is a latter - day credit union , if not a friendly society , resting on the simple but radical notion of individuals helping each other out .
They may not be tied by geography , as they were in the days of Victorian mutuality – and still are in the microfinance schemes that brought Muhammad Yunus and his Grameen bank of Bangladesh the Nobel peace prize .
Instead of villagers vouching for the character of one of their neighbours , we have the Equifax credit rating agency .
But the principle is the same .
Some leftists might choke on this emphasis on the individual rather than the collective , others on all this talk of profits and interest rates .
But they should recognise that there is an enlightened idea at work here .
One that might make those bankers a tad uneasy , even as they count their billions .
Moving houses .
This is an issue that can cost you a lot more than you would have ever imagined if not done properly and sometimes even if done properly .
In today ’s article I will break down the cost of moving houses to give you an idea of what to expect , both when moving on your own and when hiring a professional moving company .
So what ’s the catch you might ask ?
In short , there are basically two issues : when moving on your own , people usually underestimate the cost of additional tools , packaging material , transportation or even the real value of the time they spend moving .
Also when hiring a professional mover , the issue usually lies within either a bad choice of a company , bad calculation by the company or underestimating additional necessary spending by you on the top of the company ’s bill .
As I mentioned in the introductory article of this series , there are three options for sorting out your moving .
The difference between them lies within the level of your involvement : you may hire a professional company that will do it all for you , or you can do the whole lot including packing , loading , transporting and unloading yourself .
Or you could hire a company offering a hybrid service in case you ’d like a bit more control over the whole process .
Some companies might offer only the transportation ; while other companies might offer loading , unloading and transportation of ready - packed possessions .
What ’s involved ?
Before beginning this stressful operation , always sit down and work out a budget .
It will save you lots of headaches later .
Generally , the relocation cost can be broken down into four main categories : the transportation of your possessions , the packing your possessions , the transportation of you and your family and the cost of starting up in your new house .
The actual move
Firstly , the main cost of moving your stuff has to be calculated .
You ’ve most likely already decided whether you will move on your own or will hire a company .
In case you chose professional help ( more on how to choose a mover company in one of the upcoming articles ) , have a written estimate of the cost from them .
It should be clear if the estimate presents a binding or nonbinding price – in other words whether the cost is final or if other charges may occur .
Include the cost of tips – it ’s usually around $ 25 per worker .
The cost of labor
Secondly , estimate the cost of the labor that will help you pack & load , whether it ’s the professionals you might hire , friends and family willing to help you ( they ’d deserve at least a dinner ! ) or even the cost of your time you have to take off , if that ’s the case .
You also need to calculate the cost of any necessary packaging ( boxes , bubble wrap , tapes ) and tools ( i.e. dollies ) .
The cost of your transportation
Thirdly , calculate how much the transportation of you and your family will cost you , including the flights / train / bus tickets or the cost of petrol in case you will be driving .
Do n’t forget to add the price of potential lodging , food and any entertainment you might be planning while travelling .
After the move : starting fresh
Finally , moving from one house to another creates a bunch of problems and additional cost most people do n’t even think of when cluttered up with all the boxes .
Utilities like setting up a cable or telephone services might include start - up fees .
Another thing is food : you most likely emptied the fridge and freezer – both of these will have to get filled up again .
Then things you left behind such as various household items needs to be replaced .
Or maybe your new home needs a fresh coat of pain .
Whatever the case is , think hard and write down the cost of anything that you ’ll need to buy after you ’ve moved , so that you ’re ready for it .
Tips & tricks :
1 ) Always compare the cost of moving an item and replacing it at your new place .
You might be surprised by the result .
2 ) If moving because of a new job , discuss with your new employer the chance of a relocation package .
3 ) Keep all the receipts connected to moving since you might be eligible for a tax deduction .
The following article will deal with packing .
See the previous article : Professionals or Do - It - Yourself ?
I think it 's easier to pay to get a part cast in metal than to try and do it yourself .
I teach a class on aluminum sand casting , but the devil 's in the details .
If you want a high quality part it 's usually better ( and sometimes cheaper ) to go to the professionals .
I use a small metal casting studio called JR Casting .
They 're in the bay area , so it was really easy for me to visit their shop to talk about how they did what they did .
Check for a lost wax or investment casting house near you .
You'd be surprised at how many there are in the world .
I drove the waxes down to JR , they cast them in metal and I got them back a few weeks later .
The metal took a little cleaning up and sanding down but it was soon looking pretty sharp .
I brazed a pin and some rings on the back to attach the whole thing to a belt .
After that I made the metal look old and worn to match the Bioshock aesthetic with gun blue .
You 'll need some kitchen gloves , a disposable container and some sand paper to do this process .
You put your part in the container and let it soak in a little of the solution .
After the metal has darkened you rinse it off and can restore some of the shine with the sandpaper to help bring out the detail .
If you can't find gun blue around you , you can use a bunch of other solutions .
Mine just took some polishing and sanding and ...
Sony Walkman Video Converter is a very powerful and easy - to - use Video Converter for Sony Walkman .
It can convert both standard and high definition video formats to Walkman MPEG - 4 and AVC with flexible settings and high conversion speed .
This Walkman Video Converter can also extract and convert audio from video to Walkman audio formats including MP3 , M4A , WAV , WMA .
Sony Walkman Video Converter completely supports almost Sony models such as Sony Ericsson Walkman phone , Walkman Bean , Walkman Buzz , Walkman Fitness as well as Sony PSP , PS3 , Sony Ericsson .
Just download Sony Walkman Video Converter for free to relieve you of tiresome and time - consuming video conversion tasks .
Buy now ! ( $ 20.00 ) Free Download Trial Version
Main Functions of Sony Walkman Video Converter :
Support abundant formats beyond your imagination
Supported input formats : MP4 , WMV , MOV , M4V , AVI , FLV , 3GP , 3G2 , MPG , VOB , MPEG , ASF , MOD , MKV , RM , DV and HD video , etc .
Supported output formats :
It can convert videos to Walkman MPEG - 4 , H.264/MPEG -4 AVC and extract audio to MP3 , M4A , WAV , WMA .
With this powerful Sony Walkman Video Converter , you can enjoy videos on different devices at your will .
Powerful video editing functions
With this supper Sony Walkman Video Converter , you can convert multiple video files at a time , trim your video files to capture your favorite video clips , crop movie video , and set movie effects and so on .
Enjoy putting your videos on BlackBerry to the fullest with Walkman Video Converter .
Personalize your video with special effects
This Sony Walkman Video Converter allows you to set the video Brightness , Contrast , Saturation to make your movie special .
Easier doing and better enjoyment
Supporting multi-threading and batch process , the Video Converter for Sony Walkman detects your CPU automatically and offers you the best speed to convert video in a single click .
And it provides you with a deluxe visual and acoustic feast with top quality .
Walkman Video Converter supports various PMPs
Converted video supported by Sony Walkman , PSP , PS3 , mobile phone .
Converted video to Sony Ericsson Walkman Phones : W910 i( W908c ) , W580i , W810i , W595c , W580c , W980i , W200i , W880i , W850i , etc .
Enjoy putting your videos on Walkman to the fullest with Sony Walkman Video Converter .
$ 20.00
ChrisDHDR / Wikimedia Commons
Originally published in the August 2002 issue
I was on my paddleboard in the Pacific near Santa Rosa , California .
I was getting ready to dive off the side and go spearfishing when the lights went out .
I heard this big , loud noise like a garage door slamming , and it was completely dark .
All of a sudden , I could see these big white things out of my left eye .
At first I thought it was busted fiberglass .
The first thing that went through my mind was that a boat ran over me and stuffed my head through my board .
But as soon as I touched the white things , I realized they were teeth .
He had a hold of my head .
I was at a right angle to his mouth , hanging out the side .
The front teeth were buried in through my cheekbones and my nose .
It was quick and sharp .
The teeth were like razors .
When he clamped onto me , it was a god - awful crunch .
I heard the crunching of teeth plowing through bone , but it did n't hurt .
Something in the brain clicks so you do n't feel it till later .
He did n't take me down — he took me out of the water .
When I saw the water , it was like three feet below me , but I could see we were moving fast .
I tried to pull my head out .
I reached up on the shark and it was flat , like the side of a Buick , and it had a sandpapery feel .
And then I just started pounding on it .
I went berserk .
I shredded my gloves on its teeth .
I was just striking at him blind .
I do n't know if that 's what made him let loose of me .
If he would 've finished the bite , I would 've had no brain .
When the thing let go , it went underneath me , and I saw part of its head .
It was a great white ; it was wider than my shoulders .
He had a hold of me for eight to twelve seconds .
We probably traveled about sixty to seventy feet .
I swam back to my board .
I was bleeding like hell , blood pouring out of my nose , out of my face .
I could n't feel nothing from the top of my head to my butt on the right side .
I had a two - and - a - quarter - inch hole in the back of my neck .
I looked like hamburger .
They took me away in a helicopter , and I got to Santa Rosa hospital .
Now I 've got one bad scar near the corner of my eye and across my nose , but , hell , they 've faded down .
They fit in with the wrinkles .
— Rodney Orr , 61 , electrician , as told to Matt Claus
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Posted on September 3rd , 2009
Although beer etiquette does n’t quite have the strong tradition of wine , there are definitely some traditions and customs which should be followed when serving or enjoying beer .
Today we ’re going to take a look at some of them .
IN THE LIQUOR STORE :
If you do n’t see your favorite beer on the shelves , ask the clerk if they carry it .
Although not every liquor store gives much thought to their beer selection , and increasing amount of them do .
If a store does have a serious beer section , especially if they ’ve just opened one , they may be eager for feedback on their new venture .
If you see a new beer , ask about it , if they do n’t have it , ask about that too .
There ’s no better way to help your liquor store be the best it can be than letting them know what you ’d like to buy .
If you do find a beer you want but it ’s on the shelf at room temperature , ask if they have any of it cold .
Frequently a store will keep some of their stock cold in the back , even if they do n’t have any in the fridge out front .
SERVING BEER :
If you having some friends over for the game , or for dinner or any other beer - centric activity , it ’s your responsibility as the host to provide everyone with their first beer or two , properly chilled with the proper glassware to go with it .
Because you can end up buying beer for a lot of folks , do n’t feel the need to get the most expensive brews , it ’s the thought that counts .
BRINGING BEER :
Similarly if you going over to a friend ’s house , be sure to bring some beer with you .
Unless you ’ve been told otherwise , Even if you expect to be served a few beers by your friendly host you should bring some beer of your own , simply as a way of thanking your host for the hospitality .
If you ’re going to a dinner with some folks who do n’t normally drink beer , take the opportunity to introduce some new folks to the world of craft beer .
If you bring something that goes well with the entrée , you may impress a few folks too .
Regardless of what you bring , it ’s definitely a no - no to take back the leftovers with you when you leave .
The beer is a gift to the host , not your personal stash .
AT THE BAR :
As we ’ve mentioned on the site before , the proper pour and the proper glassware are important for the maximum enjoyment of a beer .
If you ’re served your beer without a glass , or in a chilled glass ( which is a no - no ) politely ask your server for another .
If you do it respectfully chances are they wo n’t mind at all .
Although the custom varies in other countries , tipping is expected in American bars .
If you ’re paying for your beers one at a time , be sure to tip a dollar a beer and if you ’re paying for tab at the end , even if it ’s just beer , you should tip the standard 18 - 20 % .
It ’s just good manners .
What do you think of our suggestions for proper beer etiquette ?
Did we miss any ?
Disagree with anything we said ?
Let us know what you think about it the next time you enjoy a beer by tweeting your beer and adding the ‘ # mybeer ’ hashtag .
The Supreme Court agreed Wednesday to decide whether strict local and state gun control laws violate the Second Amendment , ensuring another high - profile battle over the rights of gun owners .
The court said it will review a lower court ruling that upheld a handgun ban in Chicago .
Gun rights supporters challenged gun laws in Chicago and some suburbs immediately following the high court ’s decision in June 2008 that struck down a handgun ban in the District of Columbia , a federal enclave .
ADVERTISEMENT
The new case tests whether last year ’s ruling applies as well to local and state laws .
The 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld ordinances barring the ownership of handguns in most cases in Chicago and suburban Oak Park , Ill .
Judge Frank Easterbrook , an appointee of President Ronald Reagan , said that “ the Constitution establishes a federal republic where local differences are to be cherished as elements of liberty rather than extirpated in order to produce a single , nationally applicable rule . ”
“ Federalism is an older and more deeply rooted tradition than is a right to carry any particular kind of weapon , ” Easterbrook wrote .
Evaluating arguments over the extension of the Second Amendment is a job “ for the justices rather than a court of appeals , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The high court took his suggestion Wednesday .
Remember Parents & Friends of Ex - Gays & Gays ( PFOX ) , that rag - tag group of heterosexual activists that just ca n’t seem to find many “ ex - gay ” people to advocate for ?
Last we heard from PFOX , the group was celebrating a court decision which said that “ ex - gays ” — - people who were once gay , but are now totally heterosexual — - should be covered under the District ’s sexual orientation protections .
PFOX was psyched with the ruling , because it meant that the group could begin to capitalize on protections that have been afforded to the LGBT community ( hate crime legislation , anti-discrimination policies , etc. ) and open up the possibility of suing on behalf of persecuted “ ex - gays . ”
I ’ve never seen nor heard of an “ ex - gay hate crime , ” but I assume it would involve screaming epithets like “ curse you , former homosexual ! ” while committing an assault , or refusing to hire an employee based on the fact that he does n’t have sex with men like he used to .
Alas , the world may never know : Yesterday , PFOX posted a blog entry encouraging supporters to help oppose hate crime legislation in Texas .
A couple of months ago , PFOX was ecstatic that “ ex- gays ” would finally be protected against discrimination .
Now , the group is rallying opposition to those same protections across the country .
What gives ?
As I detailed in a story a few weeks ago , PFOX does n’t so much advocate for ex-gays as it does advocate against gays .
The group ’s main interest is sabotaging the acceptance of homosexuality by arguing that sexual orientation is changeable , nobody has to be “ gay forever , ” and “ ex - gay is okay . ”
PFOX will use whatever tactics available to them to protest the gay movement .
When it suits the group ’s interests , PFOX will celebrate sexual orientation protections .
When it does n’t , PFOX will rally the troops by penning sentences like this :
“ Oppose Effort to Include Anti-ExGay Hate Crimes in Annual Defense Authorization Bill ”
Woo , that is a doozy !
Let ’s try to pick that one apart , shall we ?
According to PFOX , hate crime laws protecting gays and lesbians themselves constitute hate crimes against ex-gays .
Because if you tell people that they can’t beat up people because they ’re gay , you discriminate against the people who beat up gay people because they are gay !
It is you who are committing the “ anti - ex - gay hate crime , ” because if people are n’t allowed to hate gay people , how will PFOX ever find any ex-gay people ?
Shame on you all !
I 'm more famous than an actor who appears on a television show watched by millions every week .
Or at least I am to JetBlue employees .
Somebody high on the JetBlue corporate totem pole caught wind of my adventure with Wired.com , and sent out a bulletin complete with my picture .
Now I 'm finding I do n't have to present my identification because everyone already knows who I am .
The response has so far almost always been positive , though there have been a couple of people looking at me with that " You 're an idiot " look in their eyes .
Actually , that 's not much different from my interactions with most people , even when I 'm not planning to spend a month living in airports milking an unlimited travel pass .
Anyway , it seems some JetBlue employees have started a " Where 's Brendan ? " game , which is good because it means I can check " Become the subject of a scavenger hunt " off my to - do list .
I 'm only one day into this adventure and already I 've been greeted – twice – as " Terminal Man . "
It feels kind of late - 70s science - fictiony .
I dig it .
My first flight took me from Austin , Texas , to Long Beach , California .
I boarded the plane early so I could snap a pic with the pilot and some of the crew .
As I sat down , I got a frantic text message from my wife .
" ROY JUST BOARDED YOUR PLANE !!!! " it read in all caps with all those exclamation points .
She 'd sent it from the terminal after seeing me off .
" FROM THE OFFICE !! "
I craned my head to see around the line of people shuffling down the aisle and sure enough , David Denman from The Office was headed for seat 9D .
He seemed engrossed in whatever he was watching on TV during the flight , so I did n't want to disturb him .
However , I offer a blurry iPhone picture of him coming down the aisle ( that 's him with the beard and jacket ) as incontrovertible proof that I 've seen someone of relative importance on this trip .
I feel so validated .
Long Beach to Oakland was less eventful , and I fit in a visit with a couple of Wired.com editors who 've agreed to loan me some gear to use on the trip , a mistake they may come to regret .
Photo of David Denman of The Office , or possibly Sasquatch .
Brendan Ross / Wired.com
The mission of Logical Science is to defend mainstream science .
We will do this by exposing how poorly it is portrayed by the mass media and documenting the war on science that industrial and special interest groups have been waging to promote their ideology .
Another defensive strategy is to discuss supporting evidence and technologies that will help people adapt .
To avoid being a monomaniac some scientific " fun stuff " will be added to spice up the blog .
I 'm a computational biologist that believes anyone with a high school degree , an open mind and a little time on their hands can understand the science and see just how bad the misinformation is .
If I am doing my job correctly , you do n't have to believe me , because you can always check the references .
I do n't want people to have to believe me , because that 's not what science is about .
You should look at the facts and draw your own conclusions .
El secretario general de la Organización para la Cooperación y el Desarrollo Económico ( OCDE ) , José Angel Gurría , ha afirmado hoy que España tiene que " remar un poco más fuerte " para salir de la crisis y ha advertido de que ningún país podrá recuperarse " sólo con más impuestos " .
Además , ha insistido en que la economía española tardará " un poco más en recuperarse " y saldrá del " agujero en uno o dos años más " .
Desde Roma , el presidente del Gobierno , José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero , ha confirmado que la reforma impositiva que ultima su Gabinete y que elevará la presión fiscal en un 1,5 % desde el más del 32 % actual , afecatará a la deducción de 400 euros , que se está " evaluando las rentas de capital y las plusvalías y la imposición indirecta " .
Aunque , tal y como defendió ayer , habrá que esperar a que se presente la Ley de Presupuestos de 2010 para conocer más detalles de la reforma .
" Vamos a pedir un pequeño esfuerzo a una parte importante de la sociedad para mantener la protección social " , ha insistido .
Durante una entrevista a Onda Cero recogida por Efe , Gurría ha explicado que " habrá un orden " y que primero " tira Alemania y luego el consumo alemán tirará de España " , por lo que ha explicado que " lo que le vaya bien a los países europeos le irá bien a España " .
Según Gurría , la economía española creció por encima de la media europea durante casi quince años , en parte por el sector de la vivienda , lo que hará que " tarde un poco más en recuperarse " , aunque estimó que las medidas son " un poco más de ingresos , un poco menos de gastos y un poco más de deuda " .
Asimismo , ha advertido contra la tentación de reducir el gasto público porque , en este momento , hay " más gente vulnerable , que está necesitando el apoyo del Estado " .
Sobre la reforma impositiva , la vicepresidenta segunda y ministra de Economía de España , Elena Salgado , ha descartado que se esté estudiando una tasa ecológica , tal y como prepara Francia , más allá de la política fiscal que ya se ha adoptado en materia de hidrocarburos y tecnologías para el ahorro de energía .
En una entrevista publicada hoy por el diario económico italiano Il Sole 24 Ore , Salgado manifiesta que la apuesta del Ejecutivo español por un cambio de modelo hacia una economía sostenible se llevará a cabo por medio de aportaciones " público - privadas " , con " líneas de crédito privilegiadas " .
" Los detalles de la ley se presentarán en octubre , pero desde ahora puedo excluir que vaya a introducirse , como algún periódico ha publicado , un impuesto verde " , ha reiterado la ministra .
The promise seemed unwise , the attempt ill - advised .
But Chad Ochocinco had a plan all along .
The Bengals receiver announced last week that he hoped to do the Lambeau Leap if he scored in Cincinnati's game against the Green Bay Packers , who most likely would not be playing the gracious hosts .
Chad Ochocinco's good fortune in finding a friendly patch of orange to jump into was n't exactly all luck .
Scott Boehm / Getty Images
Ochocinco did score , on a 13 - yard touchdown pass in the third quarter of the Bengals ' 31 - 24 win Sunday .
Curiously , he managed to find a small patch of orange to jump into , a trio of Bengals fans -- one wearing a tiger - striped cheesehead -- who gave him a big welcome .
But the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel dug and discovered -- it turns out that Ochocinco used his ubiquitous Twitter account and put out the word .
And Mike Bergs ; his brother , Lee ; and Lee 's friend , Brian Keil , became part of the conspiracy .
" We 're thinking , OK , that would be great if it comes together , but you know how it is .
He 's got to score in our end zone .
Heck , he 's got to score , period , and find us in the heat of the moment .
We knew there would be a ton of other Packer fans around , " Mike Bergs told the Journal Sentinel .
Ochocinco procured four front - row tickets in the north end zone and sent them to Mike Bergs ' home in Evanston , Ill. , the newspaper reported .
( The fourth ticket went to Bergs ' friend , Ross Peterson , who actually is a Packers fan .
No word on his fate . )
They decked themselves out in orange -- Lee Bergs was the one with the corrupted cheesehead .
So it was not hard for the receiver to find his target .
" When he started making his way toward us , we knew it was on , " Mike Bergs said , according to the Journal Sentinel .
" His face .
I wish I could have been shooting a camera at him .
The smile on his face was from ear to ear .
He was so excited .
" That was one of the most pure , fun moments for us as Bengals fans . "
( Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be considered an estimate . )
“ Velveting ” is a Chinese cooking technique often used in stir - fry recipes .
The technique can be used with any type of meat to lock in juices and keep the meat moist .
The “ velvet ” technique is usually used with chicken breast because chicken breast contains less fat than other kinds of meat .
So if you velvet the chicken breast , the technique can lock in the juices of the chicken breast ; therefore , the cooked breast will still taste moist , juicy and full of flavor .
The most common “ velveting ” techniques involve coating or marinating poultry or meat for stir - fries with egg white and corn flour or cornstarch .
In Asia , many cooks marinate meat or poultry for stir - fries with soy sauce and “ potato starch ” or “ sweet potato starch ” before stir - frying or deep frying .
Velveting is an ideal way to prepare chicken for such popular dishes as Kung Pao Chicken , Broccoli Chicken , General Tso ’s Chicken , or Shanghai Style Sweet and Sour Pork .
Giant pro-Obama murals are OK , but small anti-Obama paper flyers constitute “ criminal vandalism ”
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , September 17 , 2009
A Houston man was handcuffed and assaulted by cops for posting anti-Obama flyers around his town , actions described as “ criminal vandalism ” by police and some local residents , despite the fact that giant pro-Obama murals are openly displayed in the same neighborhood for all to see .
21 - year - old Mark Fuhre , an Alex Jones Show listener , decided to post the flyers even though the Infowars Obama Joker Poster Contest had ended , because he wanted to alert his neighbors to the cult of personality being manufactured around Obama and how the establishment is stifling any criticism of the President by constantly invoking racism .
Fuhre believed that he had a first amendment right to express his opinion , just as those that spray painted giant Obama “ HOPE ” murals in the same neighborhood had done without opposition .
However , shortly after he began to post the flyers , a local resident voiced his anger that Fuhre had the temerity to exercise his freedom of speech and called the police .
“ They slammed me against the hood of my car , cuffed me , threw me in the back of the car , ” Fuhre told local news station KPRC .
He and his friend were later ticketed for criminal mischief and vandalism .
The news report also quotes Kim Hammond of the Kingwood Democrats who slams the posters as “ graffiti , ” “ vandalism ” and an act of “ criminal mischief ” .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Watch the video clip here .
What ’s deliciously ironic about the news report is that KPRC correspondent Carl Willis , while discussing Fuhre ’s dastardly crime of criminal vandalism for posting anti-Obama flyers , stands in front of a huge 12 foot mural wall painting of Obama .
The authorities did n’t deem this to be “ criminal vandalism ” or “ dangerous ” despite the fact that Obama himself encouraged people to display similar images on stop signs and other federal property .
As we have highlighted before in the case of a Florida teenager who received similar harassment from authorities for posting the Obama Joker flyers , there is a flagrant double standard in place which dictates that only pro-Obama images are allowed to be displayed – a chilling indication that citizens of the United States enjoy the same level of free speech rights as those in Maoist China or Kim Jong - Il ’s North Korea .
In the Florida case , authorities and the local media hysterically characterized the placement of Obama Joker posters as some kind of assault on the people of Clermont , creating “ victims ” and leading to demands for arrests and criminal charges against the teenager who posted them , a completely contrived outrage proven by polls that later showed the majority of residents supported the teenager .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ It ’s the constitution of the United States , which is being forgotten , ” Fuhre told KPRC .
“ Everyone should have their liberties . ”
It seems that everyone is entitled to their liberties , so long as they do n’t use them to dissent against the government , and in particular the contrived God - like untouchable facade being manufactured around negative depictions of Obama .
Fuhre ’s friend sends us an e mail to tell us that Fuhre is still being “ harassed by the local community and media ” .
“ I ’m hoping you can reach out and let his story be known to the general public , because he ’s a good , strong patriot and a little outnumbered in this situation , ” he writes .
This article was posted : Thursday , September 17 , 2009 at 5:21 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi remained defiant in the face of allegations about his encounters with younger women when he claimed yesterday : " The majority of Italians in their hearts would like to be like me . "
Berlusconi's comments came a day after a TV interview featuring Noemi Letizia , the model whose 18th birthday party he attended , causing a national scandal .
She described her relationship with the man she calls " Daddy " and said she enjoyed her notoriety .
Berlusconi denied any strains with the Catholic Church and denounced the " subversive campaign " against him .
Letizia said she dreams of Hollywood glory .
" I love America and I would love to work in America , " she said in the interview broadcast by Sky Italia .
The 72 - year - old billionaire and the young model from a Naples suburb have been the subject of speculation since Berlusconi attended Letizia 's birthday party in April .
His wife cited his presence there when she announced , shortly afterward , that she was filing for divorce .
The premier has said Letizia is the daughter of an old friend and denied having a sexual relationship with her .
Letizia said in the interview that she calls Berlusconi " Papi " – or " Daddy " – because she has known him since she was a little girl .
In recent months , new allegations have surfaced about the premier 's encounters with younger women , including a call girl who claims to have spent the night with him .
Berlusconi has denied ever paying for sex , but said in the summer that he is " no saint . "
" The majority of Italians in their hearts would like to be like me and see themselves in me and in how I behave , " Berlusconi said Monday during a phone interview on a TV channel he owns .
" They also know that Silvio Berlusconi does n't steal and does n't use his power to his own advantage , " he said .
Berlusconi's governing coalition appears solid despite the scandal , although his support among practicing Catholics had slipped slightly , according to a recent survey .
A center - left opposition busy selecting its new leader has been unable to capitalize on the scandal .
In spite of his influence on Italian media – both as a media tycoon and as premier with indirect influence on the state broadcaster – Berlusconi said an Italian press dominated by the left had mounted a campaign to overturn his government .
It is " against the will of the people , and therefore it is a subversive campaign , " he said .
Some Catholic publications have criticized Berlusconi for the scandal .
A Berlusconi family newspaper recently accused the editor of Italy 's pre-eminent Catholic newspaper of being involved in a scandal of his own .
The church is a politically significant in predominantly Catholic Italy .
Still , Berlusconi insisted that relations between the church and him and his government remain excellent .
He denied reports that he had sought a meeting with the church 's No. 2 official to clear the air .
To Letizia , the scandal has brought sudden notoriety .
Wearing a white mini-dress and pearls , she said in the interview that she enjoys being followed by paparazzi and hopes her new fame will help her get acting jobs .
" Until today I could n't do anything because I was n't known .
But now I have acquired notoriety and if they call me to work in America , I will absolutely not be afraid , " Letizia said .
" I know what I want ; I know I can get to America . "
About to declare ' unmaintained '
From : D Bera < dbera web gmail com >
To : dashboard - hackers < dashboard - hackers gnome org >
Subject : About to declare ' unmaintained '
Date : Thu , 10 Sep 2009 10:56:04 - 0400
Dear friends ,
You must have seen this coming .
Lack of time of both me and Joe ( personally communicated ) has left the beagle project practically unmaintained .
We wanted to do a final release , and Joe even managed to check - in some patches from the bugzilla .
We have been talking about it among us since the summer and * sigh * ...
I havn't found the time and right frame of mind to gather everything , do the testing and roll a tarball .
I am not sure when I will get time to do it .
But the trunk is stable , so feel free to use it .
I am still not completely demotivated , just that a lot is going on right now , enough to keep me occupied .
I try and will try to reply to emails within a few days ... but please lower your expectations =(
If it helps , there will be one final release before this project is officially orphaned .
As of now , the evolution backend needs a rewrite because of the new Evolution API for indexing .
I do n't know much about its complexity .
There are few other backends that are obsolete due to their move to sqlite based storage ... they need a rewrite too .
There are multiple query clients ... CLI , gtk , kde , web ( the web - interface is broken in 0.3.9 but fixed in trunk ) and they seem to be working fine without major problems .
Query can be done remotely and there is an RDF interface to the indexed data if anyone is interested in data - mining .
We already support a lot of file formats and adding new format is pretty easy ( as simple as writing a script for simple formats ) .
There are lots of challenging improvements or bugfixes in the TODO list , of different orders of complexity - so if you want to learn more about beagle internals or just get your hands dirty with C# ( that is how I landed here ) , I am sure I can make concrete suggestions .
And once again , any support in any form is most welcome .
Thanks to all of you for your support and help in the previous years , - dBera --
-----------------------------------------------------
Debajyoti Bera @ http://dtecht.blogspot.com beagle / KDE fan Mandriva / Inspiron - 1100 user
In Aesop 's fable , the country mouse scurried home from the city with his tail between his legs .
But in Paris , French bee - keepers are finding their charges have better luck in the buzz of the big smoke than they do in rural climes – living longer and producing more honey .
While bee colonies across rural France are dying in swarms , two beehives that have been on the roof of a giant exhibition hall beside the Champs - Elysées since last spring are thriving .
The experiment in urban living for bees is intended as a warning signal to the French government , which has been accused of ignoring the plight of rural bees and bee - keepers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In May , the Grand Palais exhibition hall decided to place two beehives on the edge of its huge glass and steel dome .
Each beehive contains over 80,000 " buckfast bees " , a British species described by experts as " gentle , prolific and resistant " .
Four months later , more than 100lb of honey has been gathered from the two hives .
It is not the prestigious address or magnificent views which make the bees so productive .
What they adore is the urban environment , even though it is heavily polluted by car exhaust .
" We notice that apiaries located in the heart of Paris get better results than those in the countryside , " explained Nicolas Géant , the French bee - keeper who initiated the project at the Grand Palais in order to draw attention to the predicament of rural bees .
" Towns offer myriad small flowers in parks and on balconies , as well as a wide variety of trees along streets and in public gardens .
By contrast , there is no longer enough food for bees in rural and cultivated areas .
The mortality there is 30 to 50 per cent but very small in Paris . "
Henri Clement , president of France 's main apiarist union , Unaf , says changes in French agriculture have damaged the bees ' habitat .
" Both monoculture and the intensive use of pesticides , fungicides and fertilisers kill massive numbers of bees , " he explained .
For the moment the new tenants of the Grand Palais seem to be enjoying their life in the busy capital .
" We have not received complaints from them yet , " jokes Majorie Lecointre , one of the managers of the exhibition hall .
Three additional beehives will be placed on the Grand Palais roof early next year .
But the city slickers will not be enough on their own to save beekeeping – and the crucial role it plays in agriculture , severely under threat because of a dramatic decline in bee populations .
" People have to keep in mind that the future of beekeeping is not in cities , " said Mr Clement .
" Bringing bees into cities is just a way to ring the alarm bell for the French government .
We need to have bees back everywhere in France because 35 per cent of global food resources depend on insects and 80 per cent of that is from pollination by bees . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A record - breaking number of A - level entries for England , Wales and Northern Ireland have been awarded A grades .
More than one in four entries - 26.7 % - got the top grade , up from 25.9 % last year and the overall pass rate rose to 97.5 % , up 0.3 percentage points .
The improvement in grades - for the 27th year in a row - will add to the pressure on university places .
There are 60,000 more applicants for university places in the UK than this time last year .
That is a 10 % rise on last year .
The increase is being put down to demographics - more people in that age group this year - and the effects of the recession .
Hundreds of thousands of teenagers have received the results of their A and AS - level exams .
Scottish students received the results of their Highers and Standard Grade exams earlier this month .
They showed a slight rise in standards achieved .
The A - level results have been released by the Joint Council for Qualifications ( JCQ ) , the body which represents the exam boards .
They show that more than three quarters of entries ( 75.1 % ) were awarded at least a C grade .
In Northern Ireland , more than a third of entries ( 34.5 % ) were given an A grade - a fall on last year when 35.4 % achieved the top grade - but still a higher proportion than in England and Wales .
In Wales , 25 % of entries got the top grade .
In England , the proportion was 26.5 % .
The figures reveal that girls continue to outshine boys generally at A - level , but that the gap between them at the top grade is narrowing .
The percentage of entries from boys which were awarded an A is 25.6 % this year , compared with 27.6 % of entries from girls .
UK A grades England - 26.5 % Northern Ireland - 34.5 % Wales - 25 % Joint - 26.7 %
Celebration day Analysis : private school stronghold ?
The results show traditional subjects remain the most popular at A - level , with English and maths the top choices .
There were an extra 7,882 entries for maths this year , and an extra 1,382 entries for further maths .
There was also an increase in the number of entries for chemistry and physics , but a fall in the number taking biology .
Fewer people took French and German this year .
There were 552 fewer entries for A - level French - a fall of 3.7 % - and a 7.7 % drop in those taking German .
Jim Sinclair , director of the Joint Council for Qualifications ( JCQ ) , said : " These are excellent results .
They are the outcome of hard work of students and teachers , who deserve to be congratulated .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It is particularly good to report improved uptake and outcomes for mathematics and science . "
Figures presented by the JCQ at a media briefing show the proportion of top A - level grades awarded to independent schools is increasing .
About 50 % of entries from the independent sector were given A grades , the exam boards said .
This compared with about 40 % of entries from selective state schools and about 22 % of those from other state schools .
Clearing pressure
In response to the surge in applications to UK universities , the Westminster government recently announced partial funding for 10,000 extra places in " priority " subjects - predominantly sciences , engineering , technology and maths .
There have been rises in numbers applying to most of these subjects , with the exception of chemistry .
HAVE YOUR SAY
People who say A - levels are easy do n't know what they 're talking about Gianni Fasulo , Peterborough
Those who do not achieve the grades needed for their degree offers can use the " clearing " system to search for an alternative available university place , but the pressure on places means fewer students will find a course this way this year .
It is thought about 22,000 places are available available by this route - about half the number allocated through clearing last year .
The university admissions service Ucas has said 135,114 students are already eligible .
At this time last year about 109,000 people were eligible for clearing .
That suggests there are roughly six applicants for every place available through clearing , so many will be disappointed .
Oxford and Cambridge saw record applications for the next academic year - around 15,000 people applied for the 3,000 or so places on offer at each institution .
Dr Wendy Piatt , Director General of the Russell Group of research intensive universities , told the Today programme on BBC Radio Four universities were facing pressure for places .
" We are turning away candidates with not just three As but four As , " she said .
However , she added , universities strove to look at the whole candidate , not just their grades , and A - levels , although not perfect , were " on the whole , fit for purpose " .
Diana Warwick , chief executive of Universities UK , said : " Although it 's not new to see intense competition for places during clearing , we know things will be tighter over the coming days due to the large number of applicants for university places this year .
" All those who achieve the grades asked for in their offers will be guaranteed places , as always , and we congratulate this year 's A - level candidates on the successful outcome of all their hard work .
" Universities are experienced in handling high numbers of applications and they have been preparing for this peak time for many months now , along with Ucas . "
This September will see more young people than ever before starting higher education
Iain Wright , Schools Minister
The Conservatives said ministers were to blame for the thousands of students who may miss out on a university place .
Shadow education spokesman David Willetts said : " I congratulate all those who have received their A - level results .
Their success reflects an enormous amount of hard work .
" It is tragic that ministers are now blocking the path to university for so many of them .
" The government first reduced the number of university places , then offered only unfunded places and are now threatening to fine universities that over - recruit .
They said they wanted half of all young people to go to university by 2010 , but now they are blocking progress towards their own target . "
Liberal Democrat spokesperson for universities , Stephen Williams , said students applying to study arts subjects would not benefit from the extra places announced .
" The irony is that while a record number of students are likely to get the top grades , more young people than ever are going to be disappointed as they fail to get a place at university . "
Schools Minister Iain Wright said the government had expanded university education .
" This September will see more young people than ever before starting higher education .
This is a transformation in education participation and attainment which should be a cause for celebration not criticism . "
" The entrance into university is always a competitive process .
We 've provided more resources , we 've provided more money , which contrasts to the Conservatives point of view , which would n't provide a single additional place for university students .
" There are 10,000 additional places in addition to the massive investment in higher education that we 've provided over the last decade .
I would say to students , do n't give up hope , there is options available there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pestival
It ’s called ” Pestival A Festival of Insects in Art ” and as crazy as it sounds–it works !
It ’s an examination , in the nicest possible way , of how insects shape our world and how humans shape the world of insects .
There is art , music , food , activities , lectures and lots more .
( Pics )
First off , the termite pavilion .
It ’s a walk - in structure made out of 51 layers of laminated timber , inspired by the organic formation of a Namibian termite mound and based on a computer generated model .
Once inside , there are recordings of the sounds from inside a termite mound and lighting that dims and brightens to represent breathing .
Made of sustainable Austrian spruce , it ’s a collaboration between artists and scientists .
Other art across the site includes “ The Horned Skullship ” … using the body of insects , plant roots and other found natural bits and pieces , the artist has created a nightmare - ish object hanging in a hut .
Very scary .
She says that “ these creatures acknowledge the nastier side of childhood imagination , the antithesis of the Victorian notions of fantasy they seem to emulate . ”
And she ’s right .
This steamed wood play structure was a big hit .
Add to this insect identifications , hanging human sized butterfly chrysalises , lectures on bio-design , termite technology , music , films such as The Hellstrom Chronicle , a bee social and an insect museum and you begin to get the picture of this wild and wacky weekend .
: Pestival
Via Treehugger
It ’s Monday so we thought a nice amusing list would be just the thing to help get through the day .
Ever been in bed , and decide to flick on the television to watch some late night comedy , and then the ads come on ?
Many are tolerable but many are appalling .
This is a list of 10 of the most ridiculous infomercials and their products that make you contemplate whether you ’re actually awake , or if it ’s some crazy dream .
Please feel free to add your own to the comments for all to enjoy .
10 The Egg Genie
I find it absolutely ridiculous this women can’t cook a hard boiled egg , but can some how manage to make eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce , and deviled eggs .
It ’s egg - cellent !
9 The Tiddy Bear
Or should I say the titty Bear which is exactly what the actors all sound like they are saying .
8 The Hawaii Chair
This keeps me wondering :
Why did n’t I think of this ?
7 The Magic Bullet
A family reunion with your hosts Mick and Mimi , and their cynical , hungover family members .
The product itself is n’t so bad , I ’ve got one in my own home , makes delicious smoothies …
It is more the over exaggerated acting that makes you too uncomfortable to compute .
Though drunken old cigarette hag is a good plus .
I ca n’t explain why , but I found it very difficult to stop watching .
It even includes the obligatory “ man with an English accent ” to lend credibility to the product .
6 Rejuvenique
Just watch …
5 The Flip Fold Shirt Folder / Flipper
Are we really so incompetent that we can’t fold a shirt ?
4 Topsy Turvy Tomato Planter
I wonder how they lived without THIS before !
Imagine trying to explain this to your guests at the barbeque …
3 Ped Egg
This clip contains some seriously revolting images .
2 Facial Flex
This one is going to give me nightmares .
It is not actually the original informercial from QVC but rather a personal testament to the product .
You might want to check out the youtube comments after watching this – some of them are priceless .
1 The Snuggie
What list on infomercials could I have without the Snuggie ?
Where would I even BE without the Snuggie ?
Here is a great parody of the original commercial : WARNING : it contains offensive language in a few places .
And here is the original infomercial .
by Guest
contribution by Josh Ryan-Collins
The recession is over claim the newspapers .
Growth has returned .
House prices are definitely on the up .
Let the good times role .
But we are probably entering in to another credit bubble , of exactly the kind that caused the last financial meltdown .
If you neglect a child and let them eat so many sweets they get sick , the general advice is to set some pretty strict rules afterwards to limit further sweet bingeing .
In contrast , the financial sector has just had billions of pounds thrown at it by governments ( and taxpayers ) and , in return , it has been asked to change very little about how it operates .
As this astonishing interactive graph from the New York Times shows , big finance , after shrinking from $ 1.87 trillion dollars market capitalisation in the summer of 2007 to just $ 290 billion in March 2009 , has now tripled in size from this low back to to $ 947 billion .
Some of the banks got knocked off along the way of course , meaning some of the survivors – such as JP Morgan Chase – are even bigger than they were before the crash .
And the sector as a whole is even more concentrated and , arguably , poses more of a systemic risk .
Yet , suggestions by Lord Adair Turner and , more recently , the Germany Finance MInister , Peer Steinbruck , that perhaps it might be time to impose a tax on financial transactions are being given short shrift .
Steinbruck ’s neat suggestion is that receipts for the tax could be used to repay the cost to governments of tackling the crisis , including the bank bailouts .
That sounds like the kind of policy that might be quite popular over here , with both Labour and Conservative struggling to put together attractive election manifestos in the face of the huge public sector deficit , caused in no small part by the bank rescue packages .
Alas there is little sign of enthusiasm for the idea from the other members of the G20 that will be meeting later this month .
nef , you wo n’t be surprise to hear , has been arguing for a tax of this nature for some time , most recently as step 15 in our From the Ashes of the Crash booklet published last year .
Meanwhile , back in the UK , its all about house prices , as ever .
And thank goodness , they seem to be going up again .
But here again , the rate of increase looks scarily bubble - like ( see graph below ) .
House prices have increased for 3 consecutive months now meaning prices are flat across the year .
One explanation , suggested by recent data on lending , is that banks are finally starting to hand out credit again , but have a strong preference for mortgages .
The danger then is that the government ’s £ 175 billion quantitative easing program – which has involved buying 7 % of UK GDP – may have got bank ’s lending again but only to feed another damaging house - price bubble .
Instead of just handing the banks billion of pounds to do with what they want , the government should either be creating credit directly in areas that will be most beneficial for the economy and environment – such as a green energy , transport infrastructure and domestic energy efficiency – or at the very least introduce taxes to both financial transactions and capital gains in property to prevent us sleep - walking back in to bubble economics .
— — — — ——
–
Josh Ryan-Collins is a researcher in the Business , Finance and Economics team at the New Economics Foundation
August 07 , 2009 at 14:57 Tags Python , Serial port
The previous couple of posts about the PySerial module for serial communications with Python were just a basic introduction .
Let 's now see something much more useful .
PySerial makes
Python a great tool for serial communications from a computer , as it can be easily combined with other powerful Python libraries to create full - scale applications .
In my case , I 'm using PyQt with its plotting supplementary PyQwt to create nice " live " plotting applications , that can be combined with the serial port .
Here 's a demo :
Download plotting_data_monitor - it 's a small demo application written in Python that requires the following modules to be installed on your machine :
PyQt
PyQwt
PySerial
What does it do ?
Well , it basically shows how to combine all these powers of Python into a single application in a simple way .
You can choose a serial port and then run the monitor ( all via the menu ) .
If another program is sending data to the specified port , you 'll see the plot updating " in real time " :
If you have nothing sending data to your machine , no worries .
If you 've installed com0 com or a similar virtual port emulator like I explained here , configure it to connect two ports together .
Then , download sender_sim .py which is a very simple data - sending script ( the data it provides is a pleasant pseudo - randomized sinusoid ) .
You may want to change the port name hard - coded in it , if your port numbers are different .
When both this sender and the monitor run on the same machine , you 'll be able to see the live plotting .
Note that I 've added a couple of extra features from PyQwt :
A " thermo " bar that shows the average temperature
A knob that sets how often the monitor updates the screen
These widgets , and a few others , make PyQwt quite a nice library for emulating Labview - type " lab control " applications in Python .
I recommend it highly .
Currently unemployed , Ms. Whitaker is nervous that in two years she will again find herself without health coverage .
She and Mr. Jamieson , who have been together five years , said they would marry if necessary so he could insure her under the group policy provided by his employer , the drug manufacturer Pfizer .
But nothing is guaranteed .
“ If Joe were ever to lose his job or medical coverage , I do feel it would be possible for me to find myself without insurance again , ” said Ms. Whitaker , who reads lips to compensate for her hearing loss .
“ I ’m extremely nervous about whether I ’m going to be able to afford my medications once my coverage runs out . ”
Bills have been introduced in Congress since 2000 to lift the 36 - month limit and extend coverage of immunosuppressant drugs indefinitely .
They have never made it to a vote , largely because of the projected upfront cost ; the Congressional Budget Office estimates that unlimited coverage would add $ 100 million a year to the $ 23 billion Medicare kidney program .
But the cost - benefit analysis would seem obvious .
The most recent report from the United States Renal Data System found that Medicare spends an average of $ 17,000 a year on care for kidney transplant recipients , most of it for anti-rejection drugs .
That compares with $ 71,000 a year for dialysis patients and $ 106,000 for a transplant ( including the first year of monitoring ) .
“ It does n’t make any sense at all , ” Ms. Whitaker said .
“ Somebody ’s not looking at the numbers . ”
A provision to cover the drugs is in the sweeping House health care bill , which has cleared three committees .
It is uncertain whether the Senate Finance Committee will include it in its bill .
Since 1973 , end - stage renal disease has been the only condition specifically covered by Medicare regardless of age .
In 1988 , coverage was extended for 12 months to anti-rejection drugs , which had recently been developed .
Congress gradually lengthened the cutoff to 36 months , and then in 2000 made the benefit unlimited for those who are at least 65 or disabled .
The rationale for leaving out younger transplant recipients was simply that the money was not there , Congressional aides said .
Ms. Whitaker was married when her Medicare eligibility expired after her first transplant , and her husband was able to insure her under his group policy .
They divorced in 2001 , and she became uninsured until taking a job at Kinko ’s that provided health benefits .
I had a rude awakening yesterday when I called my representative — Jackie Speier .
I was told by a staff member that single - payer is off the table .
How is that possible ?
I asked myself .
One of the most progressive parts of the country and single - payer is off the table ?!!
WTF !@*&$
The staff member tried to console me by saying that Speier is “ for the public option . ”
Not good enough .
Why in the world are we going to spend four years setting up a public option when we already have a great program we could all join — Medicare .
Good ole ’ not - for - profit government issued health care .
“ But. But. But . I want to keep my insurance . ”
We hear some people say .
Okay , it ’s tough love time .
And yes it is tough love because even though I really hate the people saying , “ No , not all Americans can have health insurance .
It ’s socialism !
It ’s a government take - over , ” I love them enough to say , you know what , you deserve health care and the best care your money can buy .
( EVERYBODY IN , NOBODY OUT . )
I digress — back to my tough love lecture — it is time to say , “ We can no longer have for - profit insurance companies .
We ’ve had them for decades and they continue to
Kill 22,000 people a year
Bankrupt thousands of Americans
Ration care
Burden businesses and individuals with their obscene costs
Purge the sick to either do # 1 or # 2 . ”
Okay , I ’m hearing another “ BUT . ”
“ But we can regulate them , ” you say .
No , we can ’t .
Insurance companies are businesses and they do exactly what they are supposed to do .
A business increases profit and minimizes losses .
What is a loss to an health insurance company ?
( I know you know this one . )
When a person gets sick and the insurance company has to pay for their health care , it is considered a loss !
We have to act and we have to act now .
And God has given us the tools to claim victory :
The Truth
Anthony Weiner
Anthony Weiner has offered the clearest , most concise argument for a National Health Program time and time again .
Here ’s one of my favorite clips :
Anthony Weiner 's proposal for universal health care
CALL TO ACTION :
Play the offense , not the defense .
Call your representative and talk to a staff member .
Ask them their position on health care .
Ask them if they are in support of a National Health Care Program
If your representative says yes :
Encourage them to keep fighting the good fight and co-sponsor HR 676 or S. 703
If your representative says no :
Ask them why ?
Does the money the health insurance companies give to them have anything to do with influencing their decision ?
( See how much money your rep. took from the HMOs here http://www.opensecrets.org/...)
Ask them to please support the a National Health Care Program because their job is to represent the best interest of the taxpayer , not corporations .
Name Office Total
Barack Obama ( D ) P $ 1,427,180
Chris Dodd ( D - Conn ) S $ 767,841
John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) H $ 737,260
Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) S $ 697,351
John McCain ( R ) S $ 684,787
John Kerry ( D - Mass ) S $ 680,184
Max Baucus ( D - Mont ) S $ 655,899
Earl Pomeroy ( D - ND ) H $ 611,554
Ben Nelson ( D - Neb ) S $ 522,546
Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky ) S $ 520,327
Charles B. Rangel ( D - NY ) H $ 490,098
John Ensign ( R - Nev ) S $ 477,620
Eric Cantor ( R - Va ) H $ 461,850
Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn ) S $ 449,066
Evan Bayh ( D - Ind ) S $ 448,938
Roy Blunt ( R - Mo ) H $ 425,378
Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) S $ 422,149
Orrin G. Hatch ( R - Utah ) S $ 382,880
Arlen Specter ( R - Pa ) S $ 366,828
Harry Reid ( D - Nev ) S $ 361,750
Jon L. Kyl ( R - Ariz ) S $ 350,968
Dave Camp ( R - Mich ) H $ 350,873
Kent Conrad ( D - ND ) S $ 339,330
Steny H. Hoyer ( D - Md ) H $ 320,071
Richard E. Neal ( D - Mass ) H $ 316,414
Saxby Chambliss ( R - Ga ) S $ 314,823
Paul Ryan ( R - Wis ) H $ 309,500
John B. Larson ( D - Conn ) H $ 304,900
Richard C. Shelby ( R - Ala ) S $ 285,900
Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) S $ 284,830
John Tanner ( D - Tenn ) H $ 250,750
Judd Gregg ( R - NH ) S $ 248,175
Richard Burr ( R - NC ) S $ 247,686
Jim Bunning ( R - Ky ) S $ 247,437
Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) H $ 243,595
Mike Enzi ( R - Wyo ) S $ 237,750
Robert Menendez ( D - NJ ) S $ 236,725
John D. Dingell ( D - Mich ) H $ 233,950
Tom Carper ( D - Del ) S $ 232,220
Sam Johnson ( R - Texas ) H $ 227,808
Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala ) H $ 224,050
Nathan Deal ( R - Ga ) H $ 222,196
Ben Cardin ( D - Md ) S $ 219,854
Mike Rogers ( R - Mich ) H $ 216,250
Edolphus Towns ( D - NY ) H $ 204,200
Charles E. Schumer ( D - NY ) S $ 203,450
Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark ) S $ 203,050
Mike Crapo ( R - Idaho ) S $ 199,750
Deborah Ann Stabenow ( D - Mich ) S $ 198,850
David Dreier ( R - Calif ) H $ 198,050
Henry A. Waxman ( D - Calif ) H $ 197,750
Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala ) S $ 195,037
Johnny Isakson ( R - Ga ) S $ 194,400
Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif ) S $ 190,660
Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif ) H $ 186,750
Tim Johnson ( D - SD ) S $ 182,450
Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn ) S $ 176,750
Sanford D. Bishop Jr. ( D - Ga ) H $ 174,890
Jack Reed ( D - RI ) S $ 172,900
John Shadegg ( R - Ariz ) H $ 172,888
Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) S $ 166,806
Patrick J. Tiberi ( R - Ohio ) H $ 162,600
Sander Levin ( D - Mich ) H $ 161,625
Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass ) S $ 161,600
Dick Durbin ( D - Ill ) S $ 159,100
Xavier Becerra ( D - Calif ) H $ 158,450
Robert F. Bennett ( R - Utah ) S $ 157,705
Paul E. Kanjorski ( D - Pa ) H $ 157,050
Ken Salazar ( D - Colo ) S $ 156,700
Ron Wyden ( D - Ore ) S $ 155,500
Wally Herger ( R - Calif ) H $ 153,900
Carl Levin ( D - Mich ) S $ 151,156
Mary L. Landrieu ( D - La ) S $ 150,458
Richard G. Lugar ( R - Ind ) S $ 149,913
Robert E. Andrews ( D - NJ ) H $ 149,300
Mark Warner ( D - Va ) S $ 148,700
Steve Buyer ( R - Ind ) H $ 147,101
Jim Cooper ( D - Tenn ) H $ 146,475
George V. Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) S $ 146,340
Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) S $ 146,173
John Linder ( R - Ga ) H $ 144,263
Mel Martinez ( R - Fla ) S $ 141,850
Jim Gerlach ( R - Pa ) H $ 141,403
Jay Rockefeller ( D - WVa ) S $ 141,024
Byron L. Dorgan ( D - ND ) S $ 140,950
Olympia J. Snowe ( R - Maine ) S $ 138,486
John Thune ( R - SD ) S $ 137,716
Dennis Moore ( D - Kan ) H $ 137,200
Ed Royce ( R - Calif ) H $ 137,100
Christopher S. ' Kit ' Bond ( R - Mo ) S $ 136,150
James M. Inhofe ( R - Okla ) S $ 134,954
John Lewis ( D - Ga ) H $ 134,200
Bill Nelson ( D - Fla ) S $ 130,962
Pat Roberts ( R - Kan ) S $ 128,600
John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) S $ 127,675
Joseph Crowley ( D - NY ) H $ 123,918
Ron Kind ( D - Wis ) H $ 123,250
Mark Udall ( D - Colo ) S $ 122,750
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - Texas ) S $ 119,700
John P. Murtha ( D - Pa ) H $ 119,150
Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) H $ 119,134
Dan Burton ( R - Ind ) H $ 117,917
Pete Stark ( D - Calif ) H $ 115,370
James W. DeMint ( R - SC ) S $ 114,710
Jack Kingston ( R - Ga ) H $ 112,750
Judy Biggert ( R - Ill ) H $ 112,360
James E. Clyburn ( D - SC ) H $ 108,900
Jo Ann Emerson ( R - Mo ) H $ 108,600
Sue Myrick ( R- NC ) H $ 107,468
Lee Terry ( R - Neb ) H $ 107,050
Geoff Davis ( R - Ky ) H $ 105,218
Allyson Schwartz ( D - Pa ) H $ 102,700
Bart Stupak ( D - Mich ) H $ 102,700
Jerry Lewis ( R - Calif ) H $ 99,800
Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif ) S $ 99,720
John M. Shimkus ( R - Ill ) H $ 99,500
John Kline ( R - Minn ) H $ 99,400
Shelley Moore Capito ( R - WVa ) H $ 99,354
Ed Whitfield ( R - Ky ) H $ 98,614
Artur Davis ( D - Ala ) H $ 98,300
Scott Garrett ( R - NJ ) H $ 96,791
Mike Pence ( R - Ind ) H $ 95,100
Barney Frank ( D - Mass ) H $ 94,299
Phil Gingrey ( R - Ga ) H $ 93,520
Bobby L. Rush ( D - Ill ) H $ 91,550
Brian P. Bilbray ( R - Calif ) H $ 91,450
John M. Spratt Jr. ( D - SC ) H $ 90,600
Bart Gordon ( D - Tenn ) H $ 89,710
David Wu ( D - Ore ) H $ 89,650
Bob Corker ( R - Tenn ) S $ 88,725
Anna Eshoo ( D - Calif ) H $ 87,350
Joseph R. Biden Jr. ( D - Del ) S $ 87,125
Devin Nunes ( R - Calif ) H $ 86,850
Rick Boucher ( D - Va ) H $ 86,789
Patty Murray ( D - Wash ) S $ 86,750
Fred Upton ( R - Mich ) H $ 86,500
Ellen O. Tauscher ( D - Calif ) H $ 86,050
Ginny Brown - Waite ( R - Fla ) H $ 86,000
Jim Matheson ( D - Utah ) H $ 85,500
David Scott ( D - Ga ) H $ 84,831
Frank Pallone Jr ( D - NJ ) H $ 84,750
Frank R. Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) S $ 83,800
Barbara A. Mikulski ( D - Md ) S $ 82,950
Howard P. " Buck " McKeon ( R - Calif ) H $ 80,823
Gregory W. Meeks ( D - NY ) H $ 80,500
Cliff Stearns ( R - Fla ) H $ 80,052
Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) S $ 78,950
Michael N. Castle ( R - Del ) H $ 78,300
Greg Walden ( R - Ore ) H $ 78,300
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R - Fla ) H $ 77,608
Melissa Bean ( D - Ill ) H $ 76,150
Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - Fla ) H $ 75,559
Tim Murphy ( R - Pa ) H $ 75,178
Roger Wicker ( R - Miss ) S $ 74,100
Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) S $ 73,100
Amy Klobuchar ( D - Minn ) S $ 72,950
Mark Pryor ( D - Ark ) S $ 72,500
F. James Sensenbrenner Jr. ( R - Wis ) H $ 72,165
Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) H $ 72,050
Mark Kirk ( R - Ill ) H $ 71,700
Jeff Bingaman ( D - NM ) S $ 71,207
Allen Boyd ( D - Fla ) H $ 70,750
Baron Hill ( D - Ind ) H $ 70,500
Kevin Brady ( R - Texas ) H $ 70,314
Mike Thompson ( D - Calif ) H $ 70,070
Sam Brownback ( R - Kan ) S $ 69,500
Tom Price ( R - Ga ) H $ 69,500
Adam Smith ( D - Wash ) H $ 69,500
Loretta Sanchez ( D - Calif ) H $ 69,300
Mike D. Rogers ( R - Ala ) H $ 68,450
George Miller ( D - Calif ) H $ 68,000
Patrick J. Kennedy ( D - RI ) H $ 66,500
Thad Cochran ( R - Miss ) S $ 65,500
Michael Burgess ( R - Texas ) H $ 64,750
Lynn A. Westmoreland ( R - Ga ) H $ 64,050
Ralph M. Hall ( R - Texas ) H $ 63,087
Russ Feingold ( D - Wis ) S $ 62,659
John M. McHugh ( R - NY ) H $ 62,469
Adam H. Putnam ( R - Fla ) H $ 62,250
Sam Graves ( R - Mo ) H $ 61,950
Steve Israel ( D - NY ) H $ 61,950
Norm Dicks ( D - Wash ) H $ 61,800
Shelley Berkley ( D - Nev ) H $ 60,920
Bob Casey ( D - Pa ) S $ 60,187
Gary Ackerman ( D - NY ) H $ 60,150
Brad Miller ( D - NC ) H $ 60,000
Peter Roskam ( R - Ill ) H $ 59,650
Carolyn McCarthy ( D - NY ) H $ 59,300
Thad McCotter ( R - Mich ) H $ 59,250
Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick ( D - Mich ) H $ 58,700
Leonard L. Boswell ( D - Iowa ) H $ 57,950
Bob Etheridge ( D - NC ) H $ 56,200
Jim Marshall ( D - Ga ) H $ 56,000
Diana DeGette ( D - Colo ) H $ 54,565
Chet Edwards ( D - Texas ) H $ 54,400
Kay Granger ( R - Texas ) H $ 54,185
Michael O. Johanns ( R - Neb ) S $ 52,800
Kevin McCarthy ( R - Calif ) H $ 52,369
Ike Skelton ( D - Mo ) H $ 52,100
Marsha Blackburn ( R - Tenn ) H $ 51,750
Michael E. Capuano ( D - Mass ) H $ 51,200
Lois Capps ( D - Calif ) H $ 50,500
Randy Neugebauer ( R - Texas ) H $ 49,984
Gus Bilirakis ( R - Fla ) H $ 49,450
John Campbell ( R - Calif ) H $ 49,450
Carolyn B. Maloney ( D - NY ) H $ 48,700
Dale E. Kildee ( D - Mich ) H $ 48,035
Kendrick B. Meek ( D - Fla ) H $ 47,800
John J. " Jimmy " Duncan Jr. ( R - Tenn ) H $ 47,500
Charlie A. Gonzalez ( D - Texas ) H $ 46,850
Nita M. Lowey ( D - NY ) H $ 46,600
Ron Klein ( D - Fla ) H $ 46,328
Michele Marie Bachmann ( R - Minn ) H $ 45,950
Edward J. Markey ( D - Mass ) H $ 45,250
Collin C. Peterson ( D - Minn ) H $ 45,250
Pete King ( R - NY ) H $ 45,193
Chris Murphy ( D - Conn ) H $ 45,125
Dean Heller ( R - Nev ) H $ 45,050
Charles W. Boustany Jr ( R - La ) H $ 44,996
Gene Green ( D - Texas ) H $ 44,950
David R. Obey ( D - Wis ) H $ 44,506
John L. Mica ( R - Fla ) H $ 44,300
Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R - Fla ) H $ 44,150
Steven C. LaTourette ( R - Ohio ) H $ 44,000
Mark E. Souder ( R - Ind ) H $ 43,650
Walter B. Jones Jr. ( R - NC ) H $ 43,150
Jim McDermott ( D - Wash ) H $ 43,000
Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md ) H $ 42,900
Dave Reichert ( R - Wash ) H $ 42,784
John A. Barrasso ( R - Wyo ) S $ 42,750
Jim Moran ( D - Va ) H $ 42,100
Stephanie Herseth Sandlin ( D - SD ) H $ 41,600
James P. McGovern ( D - Mass ) H $ 41,550
Jo Bonner ( R - Ala ) H $ 40,950
Chaka Fattah ( D - Pa ) H $ 40,800
Rodney Frelinghuysen ( R - NJ ) H $ 40,600
Edwin G. Perlmutter ( D - Colo ) H $ 40,153
Don Manzullo ( R - Ill ) H $ 40,000
Brad Sherman ( D - Calif ) H $ 39,850
David Price ( D - NC ) H $ 39,559
Erik Paulsen ( R - Minn ) H $ 39,550
Jane Harman ( D - Calif ) H $ 39,000
Tom Latham ( R - Iowa ) H $ 38,950
Bob Filner ( D - Calif ) H $ 38,600
Harry E. Mitchell ( D - Ariz ) H $ 38,600
Rosa L. DeLauro ( D - Conn ) H $ 38,460
Gabrielle Giffords ( D - Ariz ) H $ 38,400
Joe Pitts ( R - Pa ) H $ 38,400
Patrick McHenry ( R - NC ) H $ 38,300
Rick Larsen ( D - Wash ) H $ 37,850
Ruben Hinojosa ( D - Texas ) H $ 36,800
Charlie Dent ( R - Pa ) H $ 36,618
Tom Cole ( R - Okla ) H $ 35,750
Tom Udall ( D - NM ) S $ 35,600
Cathy McMorris ( R - Wash ) H $ 35,505
Elijah E. Cummings ( D - Md ) H $ 35,200
Bob Goodlatte ( R - Va ) H $ 35,200
Jason Altmire ( D - Pa ) H $ 35,050
Doris O. Matsui ( D - Calif ) H $ 35,000
Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash ) S $ 34,925
Gresham Barrett ( R - SC ) H $ 34,850
Claire McCaskill ( D - Mo ) S $ 34,800
Ed Pastor ( D - Ariz ) H $ 34,800
C. W. Bill Young ( R - Fla ) H $ 34,250
Jeffrey Lane Fortenberry ( R - Neb ) H $ 33,768
Bill Pascrell Jr. ( D - NJ ) H $ 33,600
Hilda L. Solis ( D - Calif ) H $ 33,250
Tom Coburn ( R - Okla ) S $ 32,958
John Sullivan ( R - Okla ) H $ 32,700
John Barrow ( D - Ga ) H $ 32,600
Tom Petri ( R - Wis ) H $ 32,370
Howard Coble ( R- NC ) H $ 31,850
Patrick J. Murphy ( D - Pa ) H $ 31,800
Mike Doyle ( D - Pa ) H $ 31,500
Nydia M. Velazquez ( D - NY ) H $ 31,300
Robert B. Aderholt ( R - Ala ) H $ 30,900
Mary Bono Mack ( R - Calif ) H $ 30,500
Darrell Issa ( R - Calif ) H $ 30,371
Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) H $ 30,350
Candice S. Miller ( R - Mich ) H $ 30,300
Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) H $ 29,945
Howard L. Berman ( D - Calif ) H $ 29,900
Louise M. Slaughter ( D - NY ) H $ 29,250
Lincoln Davis ( D - Tenn ) H $ 28,750
Mike Ross ( D - Ark ) H $ 28,500
Peter Hoekstra ( R - Mich ) H $ 28,472
Earl Blumenauer ( D - Ore ) H $ 28,250
Susan A. Davis ( D - Calif ) H $ 28,150
Stephen F. Lynch ( D - Mass ) H $ 27,750
Adam Schiff ( D - Calif ) H $ 27,500
Frank D. Lucas ( R - Okla ) H $ 27,400
Mike Michaud ( D - Maine ) H $ 27,350
Charles J. Melancon ( D - La ) H $ 27,100
Ben Chandler ( D - Ky ) H $ 27,000
George Radanovich ( R - Calif ) H $ 27,000
Dan Lungren ( R - Calif ) H $ 26,750
Daniel K. Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) S $ 26,700
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) H $ 26,700
David Vitter ( R - La ) S $ 26,608
Melvin L. Watt ( D - NC ) H $ 26,450
Mike McIntyre ( D - NC ) H $ 26,250
Joe Courtney ( D - Conn ) H $ 25,950
Donald M. Payne ( D - NJ ) H $ 25,650
Dan Boren ( D - Okla ) H $ 25,500
Eliot L. Engel ( D - NY ) H $ 24,300
Dan Maffei ( D - NY ) H $ 24,250
Jay Inslee ( D - Wash ) H $ 24,050
John H. Adler ( D - NJ ) H $ 23,950
Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) S $ 23,850
Ander Crenshaw ( R - Fla ) H $ 23,750
Jeff Flake ( R - Ariz ) H $ 23,700
Kay R. Hagan ( D - NC ) S $ 23,433
Denny Rehberg ( R - Mont ) H $ 23,400
Joe Wilson ( R - SC ) H $ 23,350
Jerry F. Costello ( D - Ill ) H $ 22,650
Mario Diaz - Balart ( R - Fla ) H $ 22,450
Todd Tiahrt ( R - Kan ) H $ 22,350
William L. Clay Jr. ( D - Mo ) H $ 22,200
Dutch Ruppersberger ( D - Md ) H $ 22,000
Mike Simpson ( R - Idaho ) H $ 22,000
Keith Ellison ( D - Minn ) H $ 21,783
James E. Risch ( R - Idaho ) S $ 21,750
Frank A. LoBiondo ( R - NJ ) H $ 21,150
Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill ) H $ 20,850
Tim Holden ( D - Pa ) H $ 20,673
Marion Berry ( D - Ark ) H $ 20,500
Dennis Cardoza ( D - Calif ) H $ 20,350
Paul W. Hodes ( D - NH ) H $ 20,250
Gary Miller ( R - Calif ) H $ 20,000
Todd Akin ( R - Mo ) H $ 19,750
John Salazar ( D - Colo ) H $ 19,500
Betty McCollum ( D - Minn ) H $ 19,450
Jackie Speier ( D - Calif ) H $ 19,350
Dana Rohrabacher ( R - Calif ) H $ 19,150
Joe Sestak ( D - Pa ) H $ 19,016
Emanuel Cleaver ( D - Mo ) H $ 18,550
Lloyd Doggett ( D - Texas ) H $ 18,500
Barbara Lee ( D - Calif ) H $ 18,280
Adrian Smith ( R - Neb ) H $ 18,000
Paul Broun Jr ( R - Ga ) H $ 17,800
Kathy Castor ( D - Fla ) H $ 17,600
Jon Tester ( D - Mont ) S $ 17,400
Henry Brown ( R - SC ) H $ 17,250
Zach Wamp ( R - Tenn ) H $ 17,150
Virginia Foxx ( R - NC ) H $ 17,100
Hank Johnson ( D - Ga ) H $ 17,000
Anthony D. Weiner ( D - NY ) H $ 16,950
John Carter ( R - Texas ) H $ 16,750
Timothy J. Walz ( D - Minn ) H $ 16,700
Doc Hastings ( R - Wash ) H $ 16,500
Christopher J. Lee ( R - NY ) H $ 16,500
Aaron Schock ( R - Ill ) H $ 16,500
Ken Calvert ( R - Calif ) H $ 16,460
Gwen Moore ( D - Wis ) H $ 16,450
Dennis J. Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) H $ 16,250
Kenny Ewell Marchant ( R - Texas ) H $ 16,250
Don Young ( R - Alaska ) H $ 16,100
Jerry McNerney ( D - Calif ) H $ 15,900
Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt ) S $ 15,800
Robert C. Byrd ( D - WVa ) S $ 15,625
J. Randy Forbes ( R - Va ) H $ 15,000
Deborah Halvorson ( D - Ill ) H $ 15,000
Lucille Roybal - Allard ( D - Calif ) H $ 14,850
John Culberson ( R - Texas ) H $ 14,800
Luis V. Gutierrez ( D - Ill ) H $ 14,500
Connie Mack ( R - Fla ) H $ 14,500
Pete Visclosky ( D - Ind ) H $ 14,500
Jeanne Shaheen ( D - NH ) S $ 14,450
Daniel K. Akaka ( D - Hawaii ) S $ 14,030
Rob Bishop ( R - Utah ) H $ 14,000
Bob Inglis ( R - SC ) H $ 13,900
Michael R. Turner ( R - Ohio ) H $ 13,850
Albio Sires ( D - NJ ) H $ 13,750
Zachary T. Space ( D - Ohio ) H $ 13,650
Rodney Alexander ( R - La ) H $ 13,500
Joe Baca ( D - Calif ) H $ 13,500
Kirsten E. Gillibrand ( D - NY ) S $ 13,500
Joe Donnelly ( D - Ind ) H $ 13,400
G. K. Butterfield ( D - NC ) H $ 13,300
James D. Jordan ( R - Ohio ) H $ 13,250
Chris Smith ( R - NJ ) H $ 13,150
Danny K. Davis ( D - Ill ) H $ 12,800
Bill Shuster ( R - Pa ) H $ 12,750
Vernon J. Ehlers ( R - Mich ) H $ 12,600
Gene Taylor ( D - Miss ) H $ 12,600
Charlie Wilson ( D - Ohio ) H $ 12,500
John A. Yarmuth ( D - Ky ) H $ 12,328
Vic Snyder ( D - Ark ) H $ 11,850
Mark Begich ( D - Alaska ) S $ 11,800
Bill Delahunt ( D - Mass ) H $ 11,750
Andre Carson ( D - Ind ) H $ 11,500
Michael E. McMahon ( D - NY ) H $ 11,500
James L. Oberstar ( D - Minn ) H $ 11,350
John Conyers Jr. ( D - Mich ) H $ 11,335
Leonard Lance ( R - NJ ) H $ 11,300
Robert A. Brady ( D - Pa ) H $ 11,200
Bruce Braley ( D - Iowa ) H $ 11,000
Vernon Buchanan ( R - Fla ) H $ 11,000
Robert E Latta ( R - Ohio ) H $ 11,000
Blaine Luetkemeyer ( R - Mo ) H $ 11,000
Ciro D. Rodriguez ( D - Texas ) H $ 10,850
Brad Ellsworth ( D - Ind ) H $ 10,800
Eleanor Holmes Norton ( D - DC ) D $ 10,800
Frank R. Wolf ( R - Va ) H $ 10,550
Tammy Baldwin ( D - Wis ) H $ 10,400
Bill Foster ( D - Ill ) H $ 10,336
Sheila Jackson Lee ( D - Texas ) H $ 10,250
Mark Schauer ( D - Mich ) H $ 10,250
Niki Tsongas ( D - Mass ) H $ 10,100
Corrine Brown ( D - Fla ) H $ 10,050
Steven R. Rothman ( D - NJ ) H $ 10,050
Steven Brett Guthrie ( R - Ky ) H $ 10,000
Stephen Joseph " Steve " Scalise ( R - La ) H $ 10,000
Robert Wexler ( D - Fla ) H $ 10,000
Trent Franks ( R - Ariz ) H $ 9,970
Brian M. Higgins ( D - NY ) H $ 9,650
Hal Rogers ( R - Ky ) H $ 9,600
Henry Cuellar ( D - Texas ) H $ 9,500
Alcee L. Hastings ( D - Fla ) H $ 9,500
Frank M. Kratovil Jr ( D - Md ) H $ 9,500
Gary Peters ( D - Mich ) H $ 9,372
Elton Gallegly ( R - Calif ) H $ 9,350
Lamar Smith ( R - Texas ) H $ 9,350
Steve Kagen ( D - Wis ) H $ 9,000
Jesse Jackson Jr. ( D - Ill ) H $ 8,950
Michael Arcuri ( D - NY ) H $ 8,750
Steven A. King ( R - Iowa ) H $ 8,750
John Sarbanes ( D - Md ) H $ 8,750
Heath Shuler ( D - NC ) H $ 8,750
Yvette D. Clarke ( D - NY ) H $ 8,700
Parker Griffith ( D - Ala ) H $ 8,500
Donna Christian - Green ( D - VI ) D $ 8,300
Lynn Woolsey ( D - Calif ) H $ 8,250
Douglas L. Lamborn ( R - Colo ) H $ 8,000
Sam Farr ( D - Calif ) H $ 7,800
Kurt Schrader ( D - Ore ) H $ 7,750
James Webb ( D - Va ) S $ 7,750
Steve C. Austria ( R - Ohio ) H $ 7,500
Bobby Bright ( D - Ala ) H $ 7,500
Jerry Moran ( R - Kan ) H $ 7,500
Robert C. Scott ( D - Va ) H $ 7,250
Mac Thornberry ( R - Texas ) H $ 7,200
Russ Carnahan ( D - Mo ) H $ 7,150
Bennie G. Thompson ( D - Miss ) H $ 6,950
Maxine Waters ( D - Calif ) H $ 6,800
John Boozman ( R - Ark ) H $ 6,500
Jim Costa ( D - Calif ) H $ 6,500
Bill Posey ( R - Fla ) H $ 6,500
Jim Himes ( D - Conn ) H $ 6,350
John W. Olver ( D - Mass ) H $ 6,150
Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt ) S $ 6,050
Louis B. Gohmert Jr ( R - Texas ) H $ 6,000
Al Green ( D - Texas ) H $ 6,000
Laura Richardson ( D - Calif ) H $ 5,750
Walter Clifford Minnick ( D - Idaho ) H $ 5,700
Alan B. Mollohan ( D - WVa ) H $ 5,650
Travis W. Childers ( D - Miss ) H $ 5,500
Peter Welch ( D - Vt ) H $ 5,250
Mike Honda ( D - Calif ) H $ 5,200
Mike Conaway ( R - Texas ) H $ 5,000
Linda Sanchez ( D - Calif ) H $ 5,000
Jean Schmidt ( R - Ohio ) H $ 5,000
Rob Wittman ( R - Va ) H $ 5,000
Timothy H. Bishop ( D - NY ) H $ 4,950
Chris Carney ( D - Pa ) H $ 4,950
Jeff Merkley ( D - Ore ) S $ 4,750
Tim Ryan ( D - Ohio ) H $ 4,750
John A. Boccieri ( D - Ohio ) H $ 4,500
Phil Hare ( D - Ill ) H $ 4,000
Marcy Kaptur ( D - Ohio ) H $ 4,000
Michael McCaul ( R - Texas ) H $ 4,000
Tom McClintock ( R - Calif ) H $ 4,000
Pedro Pierluisi ( 3 - PR ) D $ 4,000
Chellie Pingree ( D - Maine ) H $ 4,000
Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) H $ 3,900
Suzanne Kosmas ( D - Fla ) H $ 3,500
Stephen Ira Cohen ( D - Tenn ) H $ 3,250
Paul Tonko ( D - NY ) H $ 3,250
John F. Tierney ( D - Mass ) H $ 3,200
Raul M. Grijalva ( D - Ariz ) H $ 3,000
Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) H $ 3,000
Jose E. Serrano ( D - NY ) H $ 3,000
Ted Poe ( R - Texas ) H $ 2,800
Donna Edwards ( D - Md ) H $ 2,775
Nick Rahall ( D - WVa ) H $ 2,750
John Calvin Fleming Jr ( R - La ) H $ 2,500
Ann Kirkpatrick ( D - Ariz ) H $ 2,500
Larry Kissell ( D - NC ) H $ 2,500
Jeff Miller ( R - Fla ) H $ 2,500
Solomon P. Ortiz ( D - Texas ) H $ 2,500
Neil Abercrombie ( D - Hawaii ) H $ 2,300
Cynthia Marie Lummis ( R - Wyo ) H $ 2,300
Brian Baird ( D - Wash ) H $ 2,250
Dina Titus ( D - Nev ) H $ 2,250
Grace Napolitano ( D - Calif ) H $ 2,050
Bill Cassidy ( R - La ) H $ 2,000
Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) H $ 2,000
Gregg Harper ( R - Miss ) H $ 2,000
Duncan D Hunter ( R - Calif ) H $ 2,000
Timothy V. Johnson ( R - Ill ) H $ 2,000
Mary Jo Kilroy ( D - Ohio ) H $ 2,000
Zoe Lofgren ( D - Calif ) H $ 2,000
Pete Olson ( R - Texas ) H $ 2,000
Tom Rooney ( R - Fla ) H $ 2,000
Mary Fallin ( R - Okla ) H $ 1,750
Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D - Texas ) H $ 1,750
Betty Sue Sutton ( D - Ohio ) H $ 1,750
Glenn Thompson ( R - Pa ) H $ 1,700
Gerry Connolly ( D - Va ) H $ 1,500
David Loebsack ( D - Iowa ) H $ 1,500
Jim Langevin ( D - RI ) H $ 1,350
Eric Massa ( D - NY ) H $ 1,200
Roscoe G. Bartlett ( R - Md ) H $ 1,000
Steven Leo Driehaus ( D - Ohio ) H $ 1,000
Mazie K. Hirono ( D - Hawaii ) H $ 1,000
Betsy Markey ( D - Colo ) H $ 1,000
John Hall ( D - NY ) H $ 750
Todd Platts ( R - Pa ) H $ 750
Marcia L. Fudge ( D - Ohio ) H $ 700
Carol Shea - Porter ( D - NH ) H $ 504
Glenn Nye ( D - Va ) H $ 500
Lynn Jenkins ( R - Kan ) H $ 400
Peter DeFazio ( D - Ore ) H $ 250
Ben R. Lujan ( D - NM ) H $ 250
Herb Kohl ( D - Wis ) S -$ 50
New Gangster Exams for Japanese Yakuza
Japanese gangsters are facing an obstacle that ca n’t be beaten with a nunchaku – a pen and paper exam .
Spotted within the Yamaguchi - gumi syndicate , this Q&A session involved a 12 question paper that tested faction members ’ knowledge of gangster lore .
One such question asked for a comprehensive list of taboo activities .
The correct answer , as specified on the sample paper , included con jobs involving phones , stealing costly motor vehicles and disposal of industrial waste .
Furthermore , the paper stressed that all gang - related activities had to be approved by the big bosses .
This exam paraphernalia was uncovered by police when they were investigating a crime - related instance involving the Yamaguchi - gumi gang in Shiga Prefecture .
This particular group has a strong presence in Japan with its 40 000 members and thus , has adopted this unconventional method in order to save money .
Recent changes to the anti-organized crime law ensured that crime bosses could be fined over the illegal actions of their respective minions .
Such minion actions could be anything from a shoot - out in a street to a bloody bar fight .
In addition to legal moves , civil action by concerned citizens against crime syndicates were becoming increasingly common and have might have contributed to the creation of this exam paper .
One such example was the efforts of Akasaka residents where they won a court appeal to exclude the Inagawa - kai gang from their neighborhood .
Link ( 1 2 3 4 )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
SCTP によるネットワーキングの向上
TCPとUDP の利点を兼ね備え たStream Control Transmission Protocol
SCTPは、信頼性が高く汎用性のあるトランスポート層プロトコルであり、IPネットワークでの使用を目的としています。SCTPは元来、テレフォニー・シグナリングのために設計されたものですが（RFC
2960 ）、TCPの制限のいくつかを解決すると同時に、UDPの優れた機能も備えるという、予期せぬ利点をもたらすこととなりました。SCTPが提供する機能は、可用性と信頼性を高め、ソケット・イニシエーションのセキュリティーを向上させます（図1に、IPスタックの階層アーキテクチャーを示します）。
図 1. IP スタックの階層アーキテクチャー
この記事では 、Linux 2.6カーネルにおけるSCTPの概念を紹介し、優れた機能のいくつか（マルチホーミングとマルチストリーミングなど）を取り上げ、このプロトコルによるマルチストリーミングを実現するサーバーおよびクライアントのソース・コードの一部を見ます（詳しいコードへのURLも示します）。
では、IPスタックの概要から見てみましょう。
IPスタッ ク
インターネット・プロトコル・スイートは、いくつかの層に分けられます。図1に示されているように、各層が特定の機能を提供します。
下層から順に説明します：
リンク層は、通信媒体（イーサネット・デバイスなど）への物理インターフェースを提供します。
ネットワーク層は、ネットワークでのパケットの移動を管理し、特に、パケットが宛先に確実に届くようにします（ルーティングともいいます）。
トランスポート層は、アプリケーション層の2つのホスト間のパケットの流れを規制します。また、ポートという、通信のためのアプリケーション・エンドポイントの識別を行います。
最後に、アプリケーション層は、ソケットを通じて転送されるデータに意味を与えます。このデータは、SMTP（Simple Mail Transport Protocol）を使用した電子メール・メッセージまたはHTTP（Hypertext Transport Protocol）によって表示されるWebページなどから構成されます。
アプリケーション層のプロトコルはすべて、ソケット層をトランスポート層プロトコルへのインターフェースとして使用します。ソケットAPIは、カリフォルニア大学バークレー校のBSD UNIX®オペレーティング・システムで開発されました。
では、SCTPの機能の説明に入る前に、従来のトランスポート層プロトコルを簡単に復習しておきましょう。
トランスポート層プロトコル
最も一般的な2つのトランスポート層プロトコルは、TCP（Transmission Control Protocol）とUDP
（User Datagram Protocol）です。
TCP は、データが順序どおりに配送されることを保証し、ネットワーク内の輻輳を管理する信頼性の高いプロトコルです。
UDP はメッセージ指向のプロトコルであり、配送の順序も保証せず、輻輳の管理も行いません。
しかし、UDPは高速なプロトコルであり、伝送するメッセージの境界を維持します。
この記事で紹介するのは、もう1つの選択肢、SCTPです。SCTPは、TCPのように、信頼性の高い順序どおりのデータ配送を提供すると同時に、UDPのようにメッセージ指向で動作して、メッセージの境界を維持します。SCTPは、他にもいくつかの優れた特徴を備えています。
マルチホーミン グ
マルチストリーミン グ
イニシエーション保 護
メッセージ・フレーミング
構成可能な順不同配 送
グレースフル・シャットダウン
SCTPの主な機能
従来のトランスポート層プロトコルより優れたSCTPの最も重要な2つの機能強化は、エンドホスト・マルチホーミングおよびマルチストリーミング機能です。
マルチホーミン グ
マルチホーミングは 、TCPを使用するよりも高い可用性をアプリケーションに提供します。マルチホーム・ホストとは、複数のネットワーク・インターフェースを持ち、アドレス指定できるIPアドレスを複数持つホストです。TCPでは、コネクションは2つのエンドポイント間のチャンネル（この場合は、2つのホストのインターフェース間のソケット）を参照します。SCTPは、2つのホスト間に存在するアソシエーションの概念を導入していますが、各ホストの複数のインターフェースとコラボレートすることが可能です。
図2に、TCPのコネクションとSCTPのアソシエーションの違いを示します。
図 2. TCPコネクション 対SCTPアソシエーション
上の図は 、TCPコネクションです。各ホストには、1つのネットワーク・インターフェースが含まれています。コネクションは、クライアントとサーバーのそれぞれの1つのインターフェース間で作成されます。確立されたコネクションは、各インターフェースにバインドされます。
下の図のアーキテクチャーでは、ホストごとに2つのネットワーク・インターフェースが含まれています。インターフェースC0からS0とC1からS1という2つのパスが、独立したネットワークを経由して提供されています。SCTPでは、この2つのパスを1つのアソシエーションとしてまとめることができます。
SCTPは組み込みのハートビートを使用してアソシエーションのパスをモニターします。パス障害を検出すると、もう1つのパスでトラフィックを送ります。アプリケーションは、フェイルオーバー・リカバリーが行われたことを知る必要さえありません。
フェイルオーバーは、ネットワーク・アプリケーションの接続性を維持するためにも使用できます。たとえば、802.11無線インターフェースとイーサネット・インターフェースを備えたラップトップがあるとします。ラップトップがドッキング・ステーションに接続されているときには、より高速なイーサネット・インターフェースが使用されます（SCTPでは、プライマリー・アドレスと呼ばれます）。しかし、この接続が失われたときには（ドッキング・ステーションから取り外されたとき）、接続は無線インターフェースにフェイルオーバーされます。再び、ドッキング・ステーションに接続されると、イーサネット接続が検出されて、このインターフェースで通信が再開されます。これは、高可用性と高信頼性を提供するためのパワフルな仕組みです。
マルチストリーミン グ
いくつかの点 でSCTPアソシエーションはTCPコネクションに似ていますが、異なる点はSCTPがアソシエーション内の複数のストリームをサポートするということです。アソシエーション内のすべてのストリームは独立していますが、アソシエーションに関連付けられています（図3を参照）。
図 3 . SCTP アソシエーションとストリームの関係
各ストリームにはストリーム番号が与えられ、ストリーム番号はアソシエーションを流れるSCTPパケット内にエンコードされます。マルチストリーミングの重要性は、ブロックされたストリーム（たとえば、パケットが消失したために再送信を待っているストリームなど）がアソシエーション内の他のストリームに影響を与えない点にあります。この問題は一般にヘッドオブライン・ブロッキングと呼ばれています。TCPは、このようなブロッキングを起こす傾向があります。
データ転送において、複数のストリームの応答性を高めるにはどうすればよいでしょうか。たとえば、HTTPプロトコルは制御とデータを同じソケットで共有しています。Webクライアントはサーバーにファイルを要求し、サーバーは同じ接続でファイルを返します。マルチストリーミングHTTPサーバーは、アソシエーション内の個別のストリームで複数の要求に応えるため、よりよい双方向性を提供します。この機能によって応答が並列化され、実際に高速になるわけではありませんが、HTMLとグラフィックス・イメージを同時にロードするので、応答性が高まったように感じます。
マルチストリーミングはSCTPの重要な機能であり、プロトコル設計における制御とデータの問題を考えるときには特に重要です。TCPでは、一般に制御とデータは同じコネクションを共有するので、制御パケットがデータ・パケットより遅れる可能性がある点が問題です。制御とデータが個別のストリームに分けられていれば、制御データをよりタイムリーに扱うことができ、使用可能なリソースをより効率的に利用することができます。
イニシエーション保 護
TCP とSCTPでの新しい接続の開始（イニシエーション）は、パケットのハンドシェークによって行われます。TCPでは、これはいわゆるスリーウェイ・ハンドシェークです。クライアントはSYNパケット（Synchronizeの短縮形）を送信し、それに対してサーバーはSYN-ACKパケット（Synchronize-Acknowledge）で応答します。最後に、クライアントは受信確認としてACKパケットを送信します（図4を参照）。
図 4 . TCPおよびSCTPハンドシェークのパケット交換
TCP で問題となるのは、悪意あるクライアントが偽のソース・アドレスを持つIPパケットを偽造して、サーバーに大量のTCP
SYNパケットを送りつけた場合です（SYNフラッド）。サーバーはSYNを受信すると、接続用のリソースを割り当てますが、SYNフラッドでは、ついにはリソース不足となり新しい要求に応えられなくなります。これをDoS（Denial of Service：サービス拒否）攻撃といいます。
SCTPは、4ウェイ・ハンドシェークとクッキーの導入によってこの種の攻撃から保護します。SCTPでは、クライアントはINITパケットによって接続を開始します。サーバーはINIT-ACKで応答し、これにはクッキー（この接続要求を識別する一意なコンテキスト）が含まれています。クライアントはCOOKIE-ECHOで応答します。これには、サーバーから送信されたクッキーが含まれています。この時点で、サーバーは接続用のリソースを割り当てて、COOKIE-ACKをクライアントに送信することによって応答します。
4ウェイ・ハンドシェークでのデータ移動の遅延問題を解決するために、SCTPではCOOKIE-ECHOおよびCOOKIE-ACKパケットにデータを含めることができます。
メッセージ・フレーミング
メッセージ・フレーミングでは、ソケットを通じて伝送されるメッセージの境界が維持されます。これは、クライアントがサーバーに100バイトを送信した後に50バイトを送信した場合、サーバーは100バイトと50バイトを2つの読み取りとしてそれぞれ読み取ることを意味します。UDPもこのように動作し、これがメッセージ指向プロトコルの利点となっています。
一方 、TCPはバイト・ストリーム方式で動作します。フレーミングがない場合、ピアが受信する量は送信された量より多かったり少なかったりすることがあります（書き込みが分割されたり、複数の書き込みが1つの読み取りに集約されるため）。この動作のため、TCP上でメッセージ指向プロトコルを動作させて、アプリケーション層の中でデータ・バッファーとメッセージ・フレーミングを提供する必要があります（複雑なタスクになる可能性があります）。
SCTPは、データ伝送においてメッセージ・フレーミングを提供します。ピアがソケットへの書き込みを行うと、これと同じサイズのデータの塊がピア・エンドポイントで読み取られることが保証されます（図5を参照）。
図 5 . UDP / SCTP対バイト・ストリーム指向プロトコルでのメッセージ・フレーミング
オーディオやビデオなど、ストリーム指向のデータの場合は、フレーミングがなくてもかまいません。
構成可能な順不同配 送
TCP は、データが順序どおりに配送されることを保証します（TCPがストリーム・プロトコルであることを考えると、これはよいことです）。UDPは、順序付けを保証しません。SCTPのメッセージは、確実に、望みどおりの順序で伝送されますが、ストリームごとに順不同配送を構成することができます。要求が個別であり、順序が重要でないメッセージ指向プロトコルにおいては、この機能は有用です。
グレースフル・シャットダウン
TCP とSCTPはコネクションベースのプロトコルですが、UDPはコネクションレス・プロトコルです。TCPとSCTPは、ピア間での接続のセットアップと破棄を必要とします。SCTPでのソケット・シャットダウンの違いは、TCPのハーフクローズの削除です。
図6に、TCPとSCTPのシャットダウン・シーケンスを示します。
図 6 . TCPとSCTP の接続終了シーケンス
TCP では、ピアはソケットの自分側のエンドポイントをクローズして（FINパケットが送信されます）、なおかつデータの受信を続けることが可能です。FINは、このエンドポイントからはそれ以上のデータが送信されないが、ピアがソケットの終端をクローズするまではデータの送信を続行できることを示します。アプリケーションがこのハーフクローズ状態を使用することはまれなので、SCTPの設計者たちはこれをなくして、よりクリーンな終了シーケンスに置き換えることにしました。ピアが自分のソケットをクローズしたときには（SHUTDOWNプリミティブが発行されます）、両方のエンドポイントがクローズされる必要があり、それ以上のデータ移動は、どちらの方向でも許されません。
マルチストリーミングのデモ
SCTPの基本機能がわかったところで、サンプルのサーバーとクライアントを見てみましょう。このサーバーとクライアントはCプログラミング言語で作成されており、SCTPのマルチストリーミング機能を実現します。
このサンプルのサーバーは、一種のデイタイム・プロトコルを実装します。この伝統的なサーバーでは接続されたクライアントに現在時刻を送りますが、SCTPではストリーム0で現地時間を、ストリーム1でグリニッジ標準時（GMT）を送ります。このシンプルな例により、ストリーム通信用のAPIの用例を示します。
図7に、プロセス全体の概要を示します。この図には、ソケットAPIから見たアプリケーションの流れだけでなく、クライアントとサーバーから見た関係も示されています。
図 7 . マルチストリーミング・デイタイム・サーバーとクライアントで使用されるソケット関数
これらのアプリケーションは、2.6.11カーネルとLinuxカーネルSCTPプロジェクト（lksctp）を備えたGNU/Linuxオペレーティング・システムで開発されました。lksctpツール・パッケージには、非標準のソケット関数が含まれ、SourceForgeから入手可能です。「参考文献」のリンクを参照してください。
デイタイム・サーバ ー
マルチストリーム・デイタイム・サーバーをリスト1に示します。リスト1では、読みやすくするためにエラー・チェックがすべて省略されていますが、下記からダウンロードできるコードには、エラー・チェックやその他のSCTPソケット拡張も含まれています。
リスト1.複数のストリームを使用するSCTP用に作成されたデイタイム・サーバー
int main ( ) { int listenSock , connSock , ret ; struct sockaddr_in servaddr ; char buffer [ MAX_BUFFER+1 ] ; time_t currentTime ; /* Create SCTP TCP - Style Socket */ listenSock = socket ( AF_INET , SOCK_STREAM , IPPROTO_SCTP ) ; /*
Accept connections from any interface */ bzero ( ( void *) &servaddr , sizeof ( servaddr ) ) ; servaddr.sin_family = AF_INET ; servaddr.sin_addr.s_addr = htonl ( INADDR_ANY ) ; servaddr.sin_port = htons( MY_PORT_NUM ) ; /* Bind to the wildcard address ( all ) and MY_PORT_NUM */ ret = bind ( listenSock , ( struct sockaddr *) &servaddr , sizeof ( servaddr ) ) ; /*
Place the server socket into the listening state */ listen ( listenSock , 5 ) ; /*
Server loop ... */ while ( 1 ) { /*
Await a new client connection */ connSock = accept ( listenSock , ( struct sockaddr *) NULL , ( int *) NULL ) ; /*
New client socket has connected */ /* Grab the current time */ currentTime = time ( NULL ) ; /*
Send local time on stream 0 ( local time stream ) */ snprintf ( buffer , MAX_BUFFER , " %s
" , ctime ( ¤tTime ) ) ; ret = sctp_sendmsg ( connSock , ( void *) buffer , ( size_t ) strlen ( buffer ) , NULL , 0 , 0 , 0 , LOCALTIME_STREAM , 0 , 0 ) ; /* Send GMT on stream 1 ( GMT stream ) */ snprintf ( buffer , MAX_BUFFER , " %s
" , asctime ( gmtime ( ¤ tTime ) ) ) ; ret = sctp_sendmsg ( connSock , ( void *) buffer , ( size_t ) strlen ( buffer ) , NULL , 0 , 0 , 0 , GMT_STREAM , 0 , 0 ) ; /*
Close the client connection */ close ( connSock ) ; } return 0 ; }
リスト1のサーバーはまず、サーバー・ソケットを作成します（IPPROTO_SCTPを使用してSCTPの1対1ソケットを作成します）。次にsockaddr構造体を作成して、どのローカル・インターフェースからの接続も許されることを指定します（ワイルドカード・アドレスINADDR_ANYを使用します）。このsockaddr構造体を、bind呼び出しを使用してソケットにバインドした後、サーバー・ソケットを待ち受け状態にします。この時点で、受信接続が可能になります。
SCTP はTCPやUDP と同じソケットAPIの多くを使用することに注目してください。その他いくつかのAPI関数は、lksctp開発ツールで提供されています（「参考文献」を参照）。
サーバー・ループで、新しいクライアント接続を待ちます。accept関数からリターンすると、新しいクライアント接続がconnSockソケットによって識別されます。time関数を使用して現在時刻を取得し、snprintfで文字列に変換します。sctp_sendmsg関数（非標準のソケット呼び出し）で、特定のストリーム（LOCALTIME_STREAM）を指定して文字列をクライアントに送信することができます。現地時間文字列が送信されたら、GMTでの現在時刻を文字列としてパッケージ化して、ストリームGMT_STREAMで送信します。
この時点でデイタイム・サーバーの仕事は終わったので、ソケットをクローズして新しいクライアント接続を待ちます。簡単でしょう?
では次に、デイタイム・クライアントによるマルチストリーミングの処理を見てみましょう。
デイタイム・クライアント
マルチストリーム・デイタイム・クライアントをリスト2に示します。
リスト2.複数のストリームを使用するSCTP用に作成されたデイタイム・クライアント
int main ( ) { int connSock , in , i , flags ; struct sockaddr_in servaddr ; struct sctp_sndrcvinfo sndrcvinfo ; struct sctp_event_subscribe events ; char buffer [ MAX_BUFFER+1 ] ; /* Create an SCTP TCP - Style Socket */ connSock = socket ( AF_INET , SOCK_STREAM , IPPROTO_SCTP ) ; /*
Specify the peer endpoint to which we 'll connect */ bzero ( ( void *) &servaddr , sizeof ( servaddr ) ) ; servaddr.sin_family = AF_INET ; servaddr.sin_port = htons( MY_PORT_NUM ) ; servaddr.sin_addr.s_addr = inet_addr( " 127.0.0.1 " ) ; /* Connect to the server */ connect ( connSock , ( struct sockaddr *) &servaddr , sizeof ( servaddr ) ) ; /* Enable receipt of SCTP Snd / Rcv Data via sctp_recvmsg */ memset ( ( void *) &events , 0 , sizeof ( events ) ) ; events.sctp_data_io_event = 1 ; setsockopt ( connSock , SOL_SCTP , SCTP_EVENTS , ( const void *) &events , sizeof ( events ) ) ; /*
Expect two messages from the peer */ for ( i = 0 ; i < 2 ; i++) { in = sctp_recvmsg ( connSock , ( void *) buffer , sizeof ( buffer ) , ( struct sockaddr *) NULL , 0 , &sndrcvinfo , & flags ) ; /*
Null terminate the incoming string */ buffer [in ] = 0 ; if ( sndrcvinfo.sinfo_stream == LOCALTIME_STREAM ) { printf ( " ( Local ) %s
" , buffer ) ; } else if ( sndrcvinfo.sinfo_stream == GMT_STREAM ) { printf ( " ( GMT ) %s
" , buffer ) ; } } /* Close our socket and exit */ close ( connSock ) ; return 0 ; }
クライアントでは 、SCTPソケットを作成した後、接続先のエンドポイントを含んだsockaddr構造体を作成します。その後、connect関数によってサーバーへの接続を確立します。メッセージのストリーム番号を取得するには、SCTPはソケットオプションsctp_data_io_eventを有効にする必要があります。
これが有効な場合、sctp_recvmsg API 関数を通じてメッセージを受信するときに、ストリーム番号を含んだsctp_sndrcvinfo構造体も受信します。この番号によって、ストリーム0（現地時間）とストリーム1（GMT）のメッセージを区別することができます。
SCTPの将来
SCTPは、2000年10月にRFCになった比較的新しいプロトコルです。それ以来、GNU/Linux、BSD、Solarisなど、主要なオペレーティング・システムのすべてで利用されてきました。サードパーティの商用パッケージとして、Microsoft®
Windows®オペレーティング・システムでも使用できます。
入手が容易になるにつれて、アプリケーションはSCTPを1次トランスポートとして使用するようになるでしょう。FTPやHTTPなどの従来のアプリケーションが、SCTPの機能に基づいて作成されるようになりました。SIP（Session Initiation Protocol）やSS7 （Common Channel Signaling System No. 7）など、他のプロトコルもSCTPを使用しています。商用では、CiscoのIOSにSCTPが組み込まれています。
SCTP が2.6 Linuxカーネルに含まれたことにより、可用性と信頼性の高いネットワーク・アプリケーションのビルドと導入が可能になりました。SCTPは、IPベースのプロトコルとして、TCPおよびUDPのシームレスな代用となりますが、マルチホーミング、マルチストリーミング、セキュリティーの向上など、新しいサービスも提供します。この記事では、SCTPの特徴の概要を紹介しましたが、他の機能も試してみてください。LinuxカーネルSCTPプロジェクト（lksctp）には、開発を容易にするAPI拡張とドキュメントが含まれています。
ダウンロード可能なリソース
関連トピッ ク
Liqueurs
Also known as Cordials , Eaux de Vie , Schnapps , and Spirits
Years ago , I was killing time , window shopping in Baltimore 's Harborplace .
In the Light Street Pavilion ( the " food hall " ) , there was a store on the ground floor called Books for Cooks , and I found myself in there browsing over the titles .
There on the shelf I saw an unassuming book called Homemade Liqueurs , and I was intrigued by the prospect that I could really make peach schnapps and Midori at home .
I read the synopsis on the back , and it described a process so simple and easy that even I could do it .
So I decided to buy the book and give it a try .
Although I later discovered that one can't in fact make Midori this way ( or , at least , the process has proven elusive ) , and true Schnapps is a different beast entirely , I 've been making some delicious liqueurs ever since .
By far the best book on the subject , concise and to - the - point , enlightening and enjoyable , is that very same Homemade Liqueurs by Dona and Mel Meilach ( ISBN : 0-8092-7582-1 ) .
Last I checked , though , it was out of print and unavailable .
All is not lost , however .
Homemade Liqueurs has been reincarnated into a little book called The Best 50 Homemade Liqueurs , which is currently available from many bookstores , as well as Amazon.com .
While not as complete as the first one , it still contains lots of good information .
And it 's only $ 5 .
You can also find copies of the original readily in used bookstores and even some cookbook stores .
I 'm told it sells for anywhere from $ 10 to $ 20 .
It 's well worth the investment in time and money .
However , that 's not to disparage the other books found in my bibliography .
While they may not touch on background and theory anywhere near as much as the Meilach book , they each contain a wealth of recipes .
And beyond the recipes themselves , they each embody a different philosophy of liqueur - making , so there 's a lot to be learned from them about approach and style of liqueur - making .
And of course , still more liqueur recipes are likely to show up in various dessert or specialty cookbooks .
We even found one for garlic liqueur in a " garlic lovers ' " cookbook .
It probably makes a good marinade ...
In this site , I try to present some of the lessons I 've learned about this art ( it 's difficult to call it a science ) , discuss what liqueurs are and are n't , offer some recipes , and generally make an introductory reference for anyone who wants to try their hand .
It 's no substitute for a good book on the subject , but may offer some enlightenment about topics glossed over elsewhere .
If there 's a question you want answered , send me mail , and I 'd be glad to both answer your questions , and incorporate the answers here .
And down at the bottom of this page , you can find whatever recipes I happen to be developing right now , so you can see the process as it's happening .
Topics of interest in liqueur - making :
If you want a specific recipe , I recommend you go to the Flavoring Chart , which has links to all the recipes , and see if I 've got anything for you .
In that chart , you can find a sizeable table of liqueurs and what ( in a general sense ) they 're made of , as well as any recipes for them I might have .
There are many more liqueurs listed than I have recipes for ; it 's intended to also be a starting place for someone hoping to invent a new liqueur recipe .
There are a few " signature " recipes we do , including some that we 've developed ourselves .
And so , in addition to the recipes themselves , the descriptions of these also might contain a longer description of the process we used to develop them .
It can , of course , be simply synopsized as , " Guess .
Make the liqueur .
Guess again .
Repeat until it tastes good . "
I include the pages for these " signature " recipes below .
Jason the good drawer
“ Hello Sir , my name is Jason and I 'm calling you today because I was wondering if your company is in need of a good drawer ?
No ?
Thank you for your time . ”
People often say to me , “ Jason , you are a good drawer , ” and I reply , “ Thank you . ”
Each fortnight , eighteen dollars ( twenty percent of my income ) is spent on charcoal and butcher ’s paper .
It ’s an investment in my future .
Here are some of my drawings .
They are all for sale .
Please contact me immediately if you wish to purchase any of these masterpieces because I ’m living in my car and have n't eaten in four days .
This is the sixth in a series of blog posts introducing the new C++0 x thread library .
So far we 've looked at the various ways of starting threads in C++0 x and protecting shared data with mutexes .
See the end of this article for a full set of links to the rest of the series .
I had intended to write about the use of the new std::lock ( ) for avoiding deadlock in this article .
However , there was a post on comp.std .c++ this morning about lazy initialization , and I thought I 'd write about that instead .
std::lock ( ) can wait until next time .
Lazy Initialization
The classic lazy - initialization case is where you have an object that is expensive to construct but is n't always needed .
In this case you can choose to only initialize it on first use :
class lazy_init { mutable std::unique_ptr<expensive_data > data ; public : expensive_data const& get_data ( ) const { if ( !data ) { data.reset ( new expensive_data ) ; } return * data ; } } ;
However , we can't use this idiom in multi - threaded code , since there would be a data race on the accesses to data .
Enter std::call_once( ) — by using an instance of std::once_flag to protect the initialization we can make the data race go away :
class lazy_init { mutable std::once_flag flag ; mutable std::unique_ptr<expensive_data > data ; void do_init ( ) const { data.reset ( new expensive_data ) ; } public : expensive_data const& get_data ( ) const { std::call_once(flag,&lazy_init::do_init , this ) ; return * data ; } } ;
Concurrent calls to get_data( ) are now safe : if the data has already been initialized they can just proceed concurrently .
If not , then all threads calling concurrently except one will wait until the remaining thread has completed the initialization .
Reinitialization
This is all very well if you only want to initialize the data once .
However , what if you need to update the data — perhaps it 's a cache of some rarely - changing data that 's expensive to come by .
std::call_once( ) does n't support multiple calls ( hence the name ) .
You could of course protect the data with a mutex , as shown below :
class lazy_init_with_cache { mutable std::mutex m ; mutable std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > data ; public : std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > get_data ( ) const { std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lk(m ) ; if (!data ) { data.reset ( new expensive_data ) ; } return data ; } void invalidate_cache ( ) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lk(m ) ; data.reset ( ) ; } } ;
Note that in this case we return a std:: shared_ptr<const expensive_data > rather than a reference to avoid a race condition on the data itself — this ensures that the copy held by the calling code will be valid ( if out of date ) even if another thread calls invalidate_cache ( ) before the data can be used .
This " works " in the sense that it avoids data races , but if the updates are rare and the reads are frequent then this may cause unnecessary serialization when multiple threads call get_data ( ) concurrently .
What other options do we have ?
Double - checked locking returns
Much has been written about how double - checked locking is broken when using multiple threads .
However , the chief cause of the problem is that the sample code uses plain non-atomic operations to check the flag outside the mutex , so is subject to a data race .
You can overcome this by careful use of the C++0 x atomics , as shown in the example below :
class lazy_init_with_cache { mutable std::mutex m ; mutable std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > data ; public : std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > get_data ( ) const { std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > result= std::atomic_load_explicit(&data,std::memory_order_acquire ) ; if (!result ) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lk(m ) ; result=data ; if ( ! result ) { result.reset ( new expensive_data ) ; std::atomic_store_explicit( &data , result,std::memory_order_release ) ; } } return result ; } void invalidate_cache ( ) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex > lk(m ) ; std::shared_ptr<const expensive_data > dummy ; std::atomic_store_explicit( &data , dummy , std::memory_order_relaxed ) ; } } ;
Note that in this case , all writes to data use atomic operations , even those within the mutex lock .
This is necessary in order to ensure that the atomic load operation at the start of get_data ( ) actually has a coherent value to read — there 's no point doing an atomic load if the stores are not atomic , otherwise you might atomically load some half - written data .
Also , the atomic load and store operations ensure that the reference count on the std :: shared_ptr object is correctly updated , so that the expensive_data object is correctly destroyed when the last std:: shared_ptr object referencing it is destroyed .
If our atomic load actually returned a non- NULL value then we can use that , just as we did before .
However , if it returned NULL then we need to lock the mutex and try again .
This time we can use a plain read of data , since the mutex is locked .
If we still get NULL then we need to do the initialization .
However , we can't just call data.reset ( ) like before , since that is not atomic .
Instead we must create a local std:: shared_ptr instance with the value we want , and store the value with an atomic store operation .
We can use result for the local value , since we want the value in that variable anyway .
In invalidate_cache ( ) we must also store the value using std::atomic_store_explicit( ) , in order to ensure that the NULL value is correctly read in get_data ( ) .
Note also that we must also lock the mutex here , in order to avoid a data race with the initialization code inside the mutex lock in get_data ( ) .
Memory ordering
By using std::atomic_load_explicit( ) and std::atomic_store_explicit( ) we can specify the memory ordering requirements of the operations .
We could have just used std::atomic_load ( ) and std::atomic_store( ) , but those would have implied std::memory_order_seq_cst , which is overkill in this scenario .
What we need is to ensure that if a non- NULL value is read in get_data ( ) then the actual creation of the associated object happens - before the read .
The store in get_data ( ) must therefore use std::memory_order_release , whilst the load uses std::memory_order_acquire .
On the other hand , the store in invalidate_cache ( ) can merrily use std::memory_order_relaxed , since there is no data associated with the store : if the load in get_data ( ) reads NULL then the mutex will be locked , which will handle any necessary synchronization .
Whenever you use atomic operations , you have to make sure that the memory ordering is correct , and that there are no races .
Even in such a simple case such as this it is not trivial , and I would not recommend it unless profiling has shown that this is really a problem .
Update :
As if to highlight my previous point about the trickiness of atomic operations , Dmitriy correctly points out in the comments that the use of std :: shared_ptr to access the expensive_data implies a reference count , which is a real performance suck in multithreaded code .
Whatever the memory ordering constraints we put on it , every thread doing the reading has to update the reference count .
This is thus a source of contention , and can seriously limit scalability even if it does n't force full serialization .
The same issues apply to multiple - reader single - writer mutexes — Joe Duffy has written about them over on his blog .
Time it on your platform with just a mutex ( i.e. no double - checked locking ) , and with the atomic operations , and use whichever is faster .
Alternatively , use a memory reclamation scheme specially tailored for your usage .
Next time
In the next part of this series I 'll cover the use of std::lock ( ) that I was intending to cover in this installment .
Subscribe to the RSS feed or email newsletter for this blog to be sure you do n't miss the rest of the series .
Try it out
If you 're using Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 or g++ 4.3 or 4.4 on Ubuntu Linux you can try out the examples from this series using our just : : thread implementation of the new C++0 x thread library .
Get your copy today .
Note : since std:: shared_ptr is part of the library supplied with the compiler , just : : thread cannot provide the atomic functions for std :: shared_ptr used in this article .
Here are the posts in this series so far :
Posted by Anthony Williams
[/ threading /] permanent link
Tags : concurrency , multithreading , C++0x , thread , atomics
Stumble It ! | Submit to Reddit | Submit to DZone
Comment on this post
If you liked this post , why not subscribe to the RSS feed or Follow me on Twitter ?
You can also subscribe to this blog by email using the form on the left .
There are n’t fireworks or turkey , but Thursday is Constitution Day .
Two hundred twenty - two years ago , George Washington and the gang argued their way to the Constitution ’s approval , causing Ben Franklin to sigh , “ It ’s a republic , if you can keep it . ”
This old piece of parchment defines the limits of federal government and guarantees the self - determination of its citizen benefactors .
But make no mistake :
Although those ideas have been around for a while , they ’re very much alive today – and part of current heated debates .
This summer has put America 's " owner 's manual " to the test .
Government reforms , bailouts , Second Amendment rights , and the quarrel over White House “ czars ” all touch on constitutional points .
And in many ways , the debate revolves around how President Obama has handled the issues of the day .
In the eyes of many liberals , Obama is expanding the Constitution ’s notions of “ general welfare ” for the common good .
For conservatives , Obama ’s initiatives amount to one of the greatest challenges to the Founders ’ intent to limit the scope of federal government .
The philosophical battle under way may even come to define the Obama presidency .
“ It ’s in our national psyche basically , after so many years of fighting communism and socialism and collectivism , to have someone in such a prominent position proposing things that , while not socialist , have the same feel – a common good , greater welfare of all people , ” says Michael Boldin , director of the Tenth Amendment Center , which espouses limited federal government .
“ When people hear that , there ’s a natural resistance to it . ”
Liberal groups have begun to refer to people drifting to federalist ideals as “ tenthers ” for focusing on the 10th Amendment directive that all powers not granted to the federal government were reserved to the states or the people .
“ Such retreat to fringe constitutional theories is one of the right ’s favorite tactics during times of historic upheaval , ” writes Ian Millhiser in a recent issue of the liberal American Prospect magazine .
To be sure , thanks to slavery being settled , the rhetorical stakes today are n’t nearly as high as in the mid-1800s .
But to disregard the debate is also a mistake , experts say .
A Zogby poll released this week finds that 35 percent of Americans could see secession as an acceptable solution to the nation ’s problems versus 50 percent strongly opposing it – an affirmation , in the view of social psychologist Thomas Pettigrew at the University of California - Santa Cruz , that the president has “ lost ” a large percentage of the population .
In “ The Audacity of Hope , ” Obama writes that the constitutional documents “ seem so incredibly right that it ’s easy to believe they are the result of natural law if not divine inspiration . ”
But he also sides with the view that the Constitution “ is not a static but rather a living document , and must be read in the context of an ever - changing world , ” pointing to how the 14th Amendment , in its original wording , would allow discrimination on the basis of gender and race .
Critics say Obama ’s open - ended view could ultimately doom the former constitutional law professor 's agenda .
“ President Obama has no apparent sense of the limits of what he can and should do – and that will reduce his effectiveness in addressing those issues within his clear authority , ” wrote the libertarian Cato Institute ’s William Niskanen after Obama ’s inauguration speech in January .
But as the debate goes on about the direction of the country , many Americans ultimately see Constitution Day as an affirmation of the American experiment , and the tenacity – and , yes , “ audacity ” – of a nation free to debate its future and glean hope from its past .
“ This idea of historic things that happen overshadows the fact that this document just plugs on and on and that we just expect it to work , ” says Sally Rider , director the Rehnquist Center in Tucson , Ariz .
“ We have grown to expect that , and that ’s remarkable , and I think it would have been remarkable to the founders . ”
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Houston , we have lift off .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Today the Kansas City Royals designated OF - Ryan Freel for assignment effectively ending the brief Royals chapter of his career .
He was acquired from the Cubs for a player to be named later on July 6th .
The end result of the trade is that the Royals got a little bit of cash and 30 days of service from Ryan Freel and gave up a player in the process .
Even if the PTBNL is a nobody , with no shot of ever reaching the majors , this transaction is just another in a series of puzzling moves by Dayton Moore .
Freel was n’t awful for the Royals , both offensively and defensively , but I ’m not at all upset that he was let go .
He appeared in 18 games and hit 0.244/.306/.289 with an OPS + of 61 in 45 at bats with the team .
In the midst of a lost season , I ’d much prefer to see 27 year old Mitch Maier and 26 year old Josh Anderson get playing time over a 33 year old player whose career is quickly coming to an end .
Clearly the organization has come to the same conclusion , but that just makes me wonder why he was acquired in the first place .
Speaking of OF - Josh Anderson , he finally joined the team today after the birth of his son Easton Aaron on Tuesday morning .
The CF bar has been set real low this season so it should be rather easy to impress and play stress - free for the rest of the year .
If he hits a cutoff man , things are moving in the right direction .
If he manages to hit 0.250 the rest of the year , things are moving in the right direction .
Like the acquisition of Betancourt , Anderson makes the team better for this season , but for 2010 and beyond both positions need to be upgraded .
Even if Josh blossoms into a legit starting ML CF , Dayton should still look to add another CF in the offseason to add depth and competition .
Outside of the Royals organization , it was a busy day as roster moves continue to happen across MLB .
Below is a quick recap .
The Rangers DFA ’d 25 year old RHP - John Bannister who has struggled in the high minors of the Texas system for several years .
In 499.2 minor league innings , he has a 4.74 ERA , 1.519 WHIP , and 1.87 SO / BB .
Interestingly enough , Bannister was DFA ’d to make room for former Royal Esteban German .
He ’s not worth a look .
33 year old utility player Cody Ransom was DFA ’d by the New York Yankees .
In 7 seasons he has managed to accumulate only 262 ML at bats and has hit 0.233/.321/.401 during that time .
He has value to a ML team when used strictly as a pinch hitter , but has no value to the Royals in their current state .
The Boston Red Sox DFA ’d 29 year old IF - Gil Velazquez who has 10 career ML at bats and an OPS + of - 25 .
His OPS + makes him slightly better than TPJ , but he ’s not worth a look .
B.J. Ryan was released by the Chicago Cubs today .
Ryan had value and the fleeting title of elite ML closer .
Unfortunately injury has completely derailed his career .
He was throwing in the mid to upper 80s in Triple - A for the Cubs , who acquired him on July 16th after he was released by the Blue Jays on July 8th .
He could be signed to a minor league contract , assigned to Triple - A Omaha , and evaluated for the rest of the season .
It seems doubtful that the velocity will come back completely , but he does have talent and knows how to pitch .
He ’s worth a look if he ’s willing to sign and head to Omaha .
Amazingly enough the New York Yankees signed RHP - Russ Ortiz and assigned him to Triple - A .
He was released by the Astros on July 30th and his signing , coupled with Ho - Ram being claimed by the Nationals when he was DFA ’d , proves that even crappy pitching has value .
Sidney Ponson will provide a significant test to my beliefs along those lines .
The signing deadline for 2009 draft picks , August 17th , is just 12 days away .
Signings should start coming in fast and furious in the next week or so .
As things start moving on that front , I ’ll do my best to keep everyone updated .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The world 's longest piece of music is being performed live for the first time on a unique 20 - metre - wide instrument at a concert at The Roundhouse in London .
The Longplayer is a 1,000 - year - long composition by Jem Finer and is played out by computer at several public listening posts around the world .
It began playing on 31 December 1999 and will continue - without repetition - until the last moment of 2999 .
The live performance will play a 1,000 minute section of the music .
The performance began on Saturday morning and continue until the early hours of Sunday morning .
It was in 2002 that Finer - who was also one of the founding members of pop group The Pogues - developed a score for the music .
It allows the piece to be played as an orchestral installation comprising of six concentric rings of Tibetan singing bowls .
It is this arrangement that is being performed at the Roundhouse concert .
The Longplayer is continually played out at its flagship location , the Lighthouse in Trinity Buoy Wharf in London , but listening posts are also stationed in Australia , Egypt and the US .
By Dan Gilgoff , God & Country
If current trends continue , a quarter of Americans are likely to claim " no religion " in 20 years , according to a survey out today by Trinity College .
Americans who identify with no religious tradition currently comprise 15 percent of the country , representing the fastest growing segment of the national religious landscape .
While the numbers portend a dramatic change for the American religious scene — " religious nones " accounted for just 8 percent of the population in 1990 — the United States is not poised to adopt the anti-religious posture of much of secularized Europe .
That 's because American religious nones tend to be religious skeptics as opposed to outright atheists .
Fewer than 10 percent of those identifying with no religious tradition call themselves atheists or hold atheistic beliefs , according to the new study .
" American nones are kind of agnostic and deistic , so it 's a very American kind of skepticism , " says Barry Kosmin , director of Trinity 's Institute for the Study of Secularism in Society and Culture .
" It 's a kind of religious indifference that 's not hostile to religion the way they are in France .
Franklin and Jefferson would have recognized these people . "
The new study found that , in addition to seeing relatively strong retention numbers , American nones are quickly gaining new members .
" Twenty - two percent of the youngest cohort of adults self - identify as nones and they will become tomorrow 's parents , " according to the report .
" If current trends continue and cohorts of non-religious young people replace older religious people , the likely outcome is that in two decades the nones could account for around one - quarter of the American population . "
Read the full report here .
See President Obama 's top faith leaders .
from DavisAntiZionism :
“ At whatever level we study it … decolonization is quite simply the replacing of a certain ‘ species ’ of men by another ‘ species ’ of men .
Without any period of transition , there is a total , complete , and absolute substitution . ”
- Frantz Fanon
“ Indeed our words will remain lifeless , barren , devoid of any passion , until we die as a result of these words , whereupon our words will suddenly spring to life and live amongst the hearts that are dead , bringing them to life as well . ”
- Sayyid Qutb
We , the anti-Zionists and radicals ( of color ) , organized to take over Dutton Hall at the University of California , Davis on May 15 , 2013 , the 65th anniversary of the Nakba , in solidarity with the Palestinian struggle .
The administration , Zionists on and off campus , and local media have tried to misrepresent what took place that day , and this is why it is necessary that we send a clear and direct message .
Our action had absolutely nothing to do with the recently failed UC Davis Divestment resolution .
The fact that the divestment resolution did not even pass the initial stages of Zionist bureaucracy provides us with another example of the failures of dialoguing and negotiating with racists .
The resolution ’s failure only made visible the pre-existing antagonisms of Zionism ( colonialism ) and anti-Zionism ( anti-colonialism ) .
We did not organize our action out of frustration from the failure of the divestment process .
We were already frustrated !
For us , dialogue with the colonizers , with the enemies of the Palestinians , is already a form of defeat .
It is already a weak , counter - revolutionary position to sit down at the same table as the colonizer .
We have no desire to melt the heart of Zionists .
We want to remove the colonizer out of the political equation , so that there is a final end to colonial - relations .
We shut down Dutton Hall – an action we recognize to be minimal compared to the worldwide anti-colonial / anti-imperialist struggles – not because of the failure of the divestment resolution passing , but because it was the day of the Nakba , the day of catastrophe for all Palestinians , and we consider it to be our historical responsibility to take a strong oppositional position against colonialism in general , and Zionism in particular .
We want to make sure everyone knows that these were autonomous actions by anti-Zionists and radicals of color .
No campus student organizations were involved in the organizing and mobilizing process .
The question of organization is not only a theoretical problem but also an important tactical question for us .
We know full well that organizational structures that were useful in an earlier stage of history are now obsolete and impotent on the ground – outside of ( Zionist ) classrooms , and administration - controlled centers .
These centers function within the mystifying logic of multiculturalism , in order to not only reproduce the disciplining and policing of dark bodies , but also to create internalized technologies of self - surveillance .
The student organizations generally work very closely with these centers , and share with them vital information and documents about events , workshops , training programs , and the students themselves , thereby enabling the ( re) creation of both structures of surveillance with a wide pool of data , as well as subjects that monitor themselves in an effective way .
It is precisely in this juncture that we witness the slow disappearance of the difference between administrators and students .
We encounter students that act in favor of administrators , and administrators that act as soft cops , and the entire structure of surveillance work with its various institutional coordinates in a methodical and coordinated manner in order to identify , target , order and pacify ( student ) protests that may have resonance in the larger communities of struggle .
The UC Davis Police Department graduated its first student cadets a few days ago .
ASUCD President Carly Sandstrom commented : “ This program is something every UC campus should take on — training homegrown officers who understand students . ”
This is an example of how the administration works through a structured cooperation between administrators , cops , and students .
The various student centers on campus , like the Cross Cultural Center ( CCC ) , have demonstrated themselves to be spaces complicit with Zionist ideology .
Students and staff members affiliated with these centers always mediate rightfully enraged pro-Palestinian students into submission through inter / intra - community snitching which has become central for the smooth functioning of administrative logic .
There is no point anymore to talk about reclaiming the CCC by evoking the history of the hunger strike .
We have to realize that these centers are fundamentally anti-Black , anti-Muslim , and anti-indigenous .
To promote policing is to promote the ideology and political practice of settler - colonialism .
It is concretely the continuation of the systematic obliteration and assimilation of indigenous communities , geographies , and economies , and the disciplining of black bodies that reduces them into flesh , into the economic units of slave labor .
To promote policing is to promote the ideology of the War on Terror that not only evacuates Muslim bodies out of their material social self - representation and location , but also destroys their societies and modes of life for the purposes of creating new markets .
The plundering and re-appropriating of resources requires strategic cooperation with the native Muslim bourgeoisie , and it is in this juncture that we witness the use of soft - power that through various reformist programs encourages the formation of moderate subjects that are complicit with U.S imperialism .
Within the United States , the emergence of the “ American - Muslim ” identity signifies the shift from an articulation of an anti-plantation / anti-racist political - religion , towards an internally re-arranged and re-articulated ideology that is at peace with hyphenated Americanism .
The CCC nurtures such counter - revolutionary identities .
It will not become less racist with time .
It will keep reforming and renewing itself to be better at policing dark bodies , and to train students of color to become cops and informants themselves .
For these obvious reasons we did not work through the given student organizations , nor did we try to prepare for our action at a student center , and as we took over Dutton Hall we made it clear that we did not want administrators in our space .
Initially , three administrators came to the occupied building and tried to negotiate with us .
But we were successful in having them leave the building as it closed around evening time on May 15 .
The next morning , we were able to blockade the building .
We saw from the inside that cops , a fireman , administrators , and reactionary students tried to enter our space .
But they were unsuccessful .
We were supported by many students on campus who were sympathetic to the Palestinian cause .
They came to look at the banners and signs , and engaged in discussions about colonialism , political - economic and social suffering in Palestine , police violence on and off campus , and student debt with supporting comrades who acted as observers right outside of the building .
We thank our comrades for their support .
Islamophobia is actively present at UC Davis .
But we do not want to think about the hatred against Islam at the level of psychological disposition or cultural misperception .
But rather , we want to think about the objective conditions that structure certain kinds of social behavior that target and demonize “ non-secular ” bodies .
When Islam is made flesh through various movements of the body of the mu’min , whether they are religious rituals or political acts in the public sphere , it provokes the racialist order to think about its own foundational sins .
In order to maintain its own metanarrative , white supremacy constantly refounds and reproduces itself in a new historical plane .
Islam is seen as a deliberate transgression , an embodiment of infidelity towards America .
While there is a general hatred against Islam , patriarchy enmeshed with whiteness targets Muslim women in a particular manner .
The precision of this kind of peculiar targeting of veiled Muslimas gets its substance from the specificity of colonial social relations .
In order to examine the substance of this specific hatred against Muslim women , we need to look at the dream content of the colonialist .
The colonialist dreams about unveiling and penetrating the colonized woman , and this is structurally linked to political - economic penetration and domination .
But the veil marks and makes visible the political separation between the colonizer and the colonized .
If it is used in a non-assimilationist way , against multiculturalism in accordance with the embodied practice of the sharia , the veil creates a sense of terror in the hearts of the unbelievers .
It signifies resistance .
It signifies separation .
But most importantly it signifies unknowability .
This is precisely why for the colonialist there is a need to understand the veil .
The understanding of the use of the veil is central to taming of the body that uses the veil .
Fanon examines the relation between visibility , colonial gaze and dream of unveiling .
He writes : “ This woman who sees without being seen frustrates the colonizer .
There is no reciprocity .
She does not yield herself , does not give herself , does not offer herself [… ]
Thus the rape of the Algerian woman in the dream of a European is always preceded by a rending of the veil . ”
Beyond the veil - fetishism , colonialism has a direct interest in targeting bodies of dark women .
Women are specifically targeted in Gaza because it is through their bodies that the struggle reproduces itself .
Palestinian women and children are seen as a threat to the future of Israel .
Their deaths are not accidental .
Israel even sterilizes its own immigrant African women , demonstrating a fundamental anxiety over the reproduction of darker bodies .
These genocidal acts of the Israeli State against the bodies of darker women make it structurally similar to the United States [ i ] .
During our occupation of Dutton Hall , as we positioned ourselves against the regulative principles of the administration , practicing Muslims – particularly our sisters – observed their religious duties .
There was a salaat ( prayer ) schedule , and the Muslims prayed in congregation .
The practitioners agreed that making salaat together inside an occupied building , in the midst of political encounters , is consistent with the spirit of Islam that aims to bring order out of disorder , without making the forceful distinction between religious practices and political action .
Jahiliyyah [ ii ] is a condition of non-Islam , a condition in which we experience the world in an inverted manner .
Our bodies feel disoriented , and the world as a totality seems disrupted .
Under these extreme conditions , when we take it upon ourselves to critically engage with the disrupted / disruptive world of colonialism and capitalism , and force ourselves to struggle against the causality of this disruption , we fundamentally work against the material causes of Islamophobia , and take the first step towards disalienation [ iii ] .
Palestine is central to decolonization proper .
It is not a side issue .
We are at the beginning stage of the formation of an uncompromising anti-Zionism on campus that does not take soft positions for the sake of political , legal , social expediency .
Anti-Zionism helps us determine our friends and enemies in a historical manner [ iv ] .
Post - Zionism is just another name for the justification of the occupation of Palestinian life and social consciousness through a reified genealogy that aims to evoke the settler - socialist fantasy of civil integration .
Far leftists will have to call for a decisive break with Zionism if they are to be credible in the Islamic world , in the third world .
Post - Zionism may have the appearance of a political pragmatism , but it is fundamentally a counter - revolutionary , reactionary position .
Zionism can not be improved .
It has to be dismantled .
But this task of dismantling requires that we understand Zionism as more than a mere political ideology .
It plays a central role in structuring , specifying and organizing neoliberal economic programs [ v ] in the Middle East within the totalizing logic of capitalism .
The economic domination of Palestine foundationally relies upon the Zionist occupation that emerges out of a racialized social - political , historical - ontological difference between settlers and natives .
We had to write this note from the point of view of revolutionaries of color because we find ourselves in colonial relations , in antagonism with white supremacy .
And , we are sure that true ( white ) abolitionists will understand this position .
Colonial - relations are reproduced in capitalism .
Capitalism has to persistently racialize and colonize .
The Nakba is a historically specific event .
And , we cannot lose sight of this specificity and the details of our social experience and the differentiating grammar of struggle as we make general propositions about the structure of capitalism , and by extension , imperialism .
We have to understand that while capitalism absolutely totalizes and homogenizes , it also necessarily differentiates .
It necessarily makes distinctions between the first world and the third world .
It necessarily reproduces bodies of slaves and servants in a new historical plane .
As always , we are against identity politics [ vi ] , but that in no way seduces us into carelessly upholding empty universals .
Fanon writes : “ Challenging the colonial world is not a rational confrontation of viewpoints .
It is not a discourse on the universal , but the impassioned claim by the colonized that their world is fundamentally different . ”
We cannot forget the historical specificity of the dynamic between determinations and struggle .
Death to Jahiliyyah .
Death to reified conceptions of struggle .
Long live the Intifada !
WASHINGTON – President Barack Obama blocked large pay raises slated for tens of thousands of federal employees Monday , overriding statutory formulas to hold pay increases to 2 % in 2010 .
Invoking the " national emergency " declared after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the president said in a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi that under pay formulas set in 1990 , federal employees with pay levels set according to comparable local wages are set for average pay increases of 18.9 % .
White House officials say the declaration was routine .
Ever since Congress passed the Federal Employees Pay Comparability
Act in 1990 , presidents have been invoking the emergency clause to hold down pay increases due under the formula that mandates wages comparable to local pay levels .
That has created a yawning gulf .
If Mr. Obama did nothing , the comparability formula would dictate a 16.5 % pay increase , on top of the 2.4 % cost of living increase .
That would be a $ 22.6 billion hit to the ailing federal budget in 2010 .
Cost of living adjustments alone were to boost pay by 2.4 % for most federal employees .
The Brutal Legend demo release is just around the corner and Tim Schafer has released this video to let everyone know just how many of you will download this awesome demo .
For those who do n’t know , Brutal Legend features the greatest living roadie Eddie Riggs ( Jack Black ) as he is thrown into a fantasy world full of demons .
Eddie must then use his Rock knowledge and roadie skills to make it out alive .
Along for the ride are such legends as Ozzie Osborne , Rob Halford of Judas Priest , Lita Ford of the Runaways and Tim Curry .
[ youtube ] Yek3wMu3kC8 [ / youtube ]
Brutal Legend is set for release on October 13th , with the Demo hitting October 1st .
Mitch Horowitz is the editor - in - chief of Tarcher / Penguin and the author of Occult America : The Secret History of How Mysticism Shaped Our Nation ( Bantam ) .
As millions of readers — not to mention anxious booksellers and publishers — await the launch of Dan Brown 's latest novel on September 15th , public interest is riding high on the book 's presumed theme : the hidden hand of Freemasonry behind American history .
Americans love a good mystery and Freemasonry — with its penchant for occult symbols and once - secretive membership rolls that included presidents from George Washington to Franklin Roosevelt — has long provided one .
But Freemasonry 's real impact on America is richer and more significant than anything that entertainment or speculation would hold .
As a radical thought movement that emerged from the Reformation , Freemasonry was the first widespread and well - connected organization to espouse religious toleration and liberty — principles that the fraternity helped spread through the American colonies .
It may seem anomalous for such liberal principles to arise from a clandestine brotherhood ; but skullduggery was never Masonry 's primary aim .
In an age of religious conflict in 17th century Europe — when an individual caught running afoul of church strictures could suffer persecution or worse — Freemasons clung to secrecy less out of esoteric drama than political expedience .
Freemasons believed in a search for religious truth as it existed in all civilizations , including those of a pre-Christian past , and they drew upon ancient and occult symbols , from pentagrams to luminescent eyeballs , as codes for ethical development and civic progress .
Reactions from church authorities ranged from suspicion to hostility .
European Masons had good reason to be discrete .
In a young America , Masonic ideals fully took flight — sometimes in unexpected ways .
In Boston in 1775 , Freemasonic officials who were part of a British garrison granted local freemen of color the right to affiliate as Masons under the banner of African Lodge No. 1 .
The African Lodge later became known as Prince Hall Masonry , so named for the order 's founder , Prince Hall , a freed slave .
Hall became the first African - American named a Grand Master .
Despite the African Lodge 's segregated status , Prince Hall Masonry was a bastion of abolitionism .
Its leader affixed his name to some of the republic 's earliest anti-slavery petitions in 1777 and 1778 .
As such , African Lodge No. 1 represented the first black - led abolitionist movement in American history .
Whatever its airs of mystery and images of skulls , pyramids , and all - seeing eyes , Freemasonry 's most radical , even dangerous , idea was the encouragement of different faiths within a single nation .
Early in his first term , Washington communicated these ideals in a letter to the congregation of a Rhode Island synagogue : " It is now no more that toleration is spoken of as if it was the indulgence of one class of people that another enjoyed the exercise of their inherent natural rights .
For happily , the government of the United States , which gives to bigotry no sanction , to persecution no assistance , requires only that they who live under its protection should demean themselves as good citizens ... "
In other words , in this new nation minority religions were not just guests at the table , but full householders .
Washington and other early American Freemasons rejected a European past in which one overarching authority regulated the exchange of ideas .
And this outlook is found in one of the greatest symbols associated with Freemasonry :
The eye - and - pyramid of the Great Seal of the United States , familiar today from the back of the dollar bill .
The Great Seal 's design began on July 4th , 1776 , on an order from the Continental Congress and under the direction of Benjamin Franklin ( another Freemason ) , Thomas Jefferson , and John Adams .
The Latin maxim that surrounds the unfinished pyramid — Annuit Coeptis Novus Ordo Seclorum — can be roughly , if poetically , translated as : " God Smiles on Our New Order of the Ages . "
It is Masonic philosophy to the core :
The pyramid , or worldly achievement , is incomplete without the blessing of Providence .
And this polity of man and God , as Masonry saw it , required a break with the religious order of the Old World and a renewed search for universal truth .
In its symbols and ideas , Masonry conveyed a sense that something new was being born in America : that the individual 's conscience was beyond denominational affiliation or government command .
Today , Freemasonry is a quieter organization , more given to charity events than grand political or religious causes .
But , historically , its voice and principles strengthened America 's founding commitment to the individual 's pursuit of meaning .
It is not going too far to suggest that Masonry saw America as a republic that protected the spiritual search — from majority rule , from foreign meddling , and from sectarian restriction .
Beyond our current fascination with symbolism and secrecy , that ideal represents Freemasonry 's highest contribution to our national life .
See a list of famous Freemasons from the past and present .
Check out our political cartoons .
Oakland Raiders assistant coach Randy Hanson told investigators that he was struck by head coach Tom Cable and suffered a broken jaw , his lawyer told NFL Network on Monday .
A few weeks after the Aug. 5 incident , Cable said " nothing happened . "
" When all the facts come out , everything will be fine , " he said .
Hanson 's lawyer , John McGuinn , disputed that , calling the skirmish a " textbook case of felony assault , " according to NFL Network .
McGuinn said that Hanson is still being paid by the Raiders but has been told to stay away from the team 's facility .
That has n't stopped players from soliciting his advice .
" Before their last preseason game several players contacted Randy and said they needed help .
They said , ' If we get you a computer can you help us come up with some tips ? '
Randy worked with them and they played really well in that game , particularly the defensive backs , " McGuinn said , according to NFL Network .
" So the guys asked him to do it again and he met with them before the Monday night game in San Diego [ Sept. 14 ] , and the defensive backs played well again .
[ Owner ]
Al Davis does n't know [ Hanson has ] been providing detailed coaching for these guys , and Randy has not gotten any credit for it . "
Hanson was interviewed for approximately 90 minutes by Napa Valley ( Calif . )
Detective Mike Walund and turned over medical records which detailed his broken jaw , McGuinn said .
" Randy answered the detective 's questions , but we have no idea whether charges will be coming , " McGuinn said , according to NFL Network .
" That will strictly be determined by the police and the DA 's office .
We have no input .
He just answered questions . "
McGuinn said that neither he nor Hanson has been contacted by the league , which has indicated it is looking into the incident .
Napa police told NFL Network : " It 's an open investigation and we 're making no comment at all . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
( CNN ) --
An Australian high court ruled Friday that a quadriplegic man has the right to refuse food and water and can be allowed to die , a rare legal finding that some see as a major victory for right - to - die campaigners .
An Australian high court ruled Friday that Christian Rossiter has the right to refuse food and water .
The ruling means that the nursing facility in which Christian Rossiter has lived since November 2008 cannot be held criminally liable for allowing the patient to die , the Supreme Court of Western Australia said .
" I'm happy that I won my right to die , " Rossiter , 49 , said afterward .
But he added that he will further consult with a doctor because he may change his mind .
A leading Australian right - to - die advocate called the ruling a significant victory .
" I do n't know that many people will want to die this way .
But for people who do , it 's a very important decision , " said Dr. Philip Nitschke , founder and director of Exit International , a leading global voluntary euthanasia and end - of - life advocacy group .
Nitschke noted that Rossiter 's case is significant because his mind is fully functional .
" This is the first time that it 's come up with a person that 's rational and lucid , " Nitschke told CNN .
" This is unusual .
It 's very rare . "
Chief Justice Wayne Martin noted that distinction in his order , saying , " Mr. Rossiter is not a child , nor is he terminally ill , nor dying .
He is not in a vegetative state , nor does he lack the capacity to communicate his wishes .
There is therefore no question of other persons making decisions on his behalf .
" Rather , this is a case in which a person with full mental capacity and the ability to communicate his wishes has indicated that he wishes to direct those who have assumed responsibility for his care to discontinue the provision of treatment which maintains his existence . "
Some family and right - to - life groups opposed Rossiter 's request .
" Really , what we should be doing is looking after each other rather than facilitating an escape , " John Barich of the Australian Family Association said in a TV interview .
Peter O'Meara , president of Western Australia 's Right to Life Association , said , " The law which is being applied can be a dangerous precedent . "
Rossiter has suffered a series of injuries since 1988 that have left him with limited foot movement and the ability to wriggle only one finger .
He is fed through a stomach tube .
He relies on staff at the Brightwater Care Group nursing facility in the city of Perth for such routine care as regular turning , cleaning , assistance with bowel movements , physical and occupational therapy and speech pathology .
Australian law gives patients the right to refuse life - saving treatment , but helping someone commit suicide is a crime that can carry a life prison sentence .
The Brightwater nursing facility sought the ruling to make sure it would not be held liable if it complied with Rossiter 's request to stop all nutrition and hydration , except to be given enough liquid to make it possible to take pain medication .
Rossiter attended the hearing in a wheelchair , breathing through a tracheotomy tube in his throat .
He told the judge he wants to die .
It 's a point he has been making publicly .
" I can't move , " Rossiter said in a televised interview this week .
" I can't even wipe the tears from my eyes .
And I 'd like to die .
I 'm imprisoned in my own body .
I have no fear of death .
Just pain . "
Rossiter pointed out in a recent interview with the PerthNow news outlet that he once led an active life .
" This is living hell , " he is quoted as saying .
" I used to be a cyclist , I used to be a keen walker .
I bushwalked around the world .
... I 've rock climbed in Yosemite Valley in California up very steep cliffs .
I 've got a degree in economics and now I can't even read a newspaper , I can't turn the pages . "
Rossiter joined the Exit International right - to - death organization about three months ago , said Nitschke , who talked with him before the hearing .
Nitschke said Rossiter appeared " very happy " afterward .
A Brightwater executive said the company appreciates that the court 's ruling has relieved the nursing facility of any liability .
" The whole organization has been most concerned for Mr. Rossiter but also concerned for our own legal standing and this has clarified things greatly , " said Penny Flett , the company 's chief executive .
While hailing the victory , Nitschke decried the fact that Rossiter will have to undergo a slow and painful death through starvation , rather than having a quicker and painless way to end his life .
Because he cannot use his hands , Rossiter must rely on others to withhold treatment rather than being able to take his own life .
Switzerland has an assisted suicide law , and Rossiter has considered going there .
" It 's a bit sad that the best that Australia can come up with , " Nitschke said , " is that we can let a person like that starve to death . "
All About Australia • Euthanasia
Al Franken Reads the 4th Amendment to Justice Department Official
Created : September 23 , 2009 12:16 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Just in case he was n’t familiar with it , Sen . Al Franken ( D - Minn . ) decided to read the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution to David Kris , assistant attorney general of the Justice Department ’s National Security Division , who was testifying to the Senate Judiciary Committee today to urge reauthorization of expiring provisions of the USA Patriot Act .
Franken , who opened by acknowledging that unlike most of his colleagues in the Senate , he ’s not a lawyer , but according to his research “ most Americans are n’t lawyers ” either , said he ’d also done research on the Patriot Act and in particular , the “ roving wiretap ” provision that allows the FBI to get a warrant to wiretap a an unnamed target and his or her various and changing cell phones , computers and other communication devices .
Noting that he received a copy of the Constitution when he was sworn in as a senator , he proceeded to read it to Kris , emphasizing this part : “ no Warrants shall issue but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
“ That ’s pretty explicit language , ” noted Franken , asking Kris how the “ roving wiretap ” provision of the Patriot Act can meet that requirement if it does n’t require the government to name its target .
Kris looked flustered and mumbled that “ this is surreal , ” apparently referring to having to respond to Franken ’s question .
“ I would defer to the other branch of government , ” he said , referring to the courts , prompting Franken to interject : “ I know what that is . ”
Kris explained that the courts have held that the law ’s requirements that the person be described , though not named , is sufficient to meet the demands of the Constitution .
That did not appear to completely satisfy Franken ’s concerns .
Today ’s Judiciary Committee hearing has so far proceeded much the way yesterday ’s House Judiciary Committee subcommittee hearing did , with Democrats ( except the Justice Department witness ) expressing skepticism that the current law adequately protects Americans ’ civil liberties and Republicans emphasizing the need to have all possible tools for law enforcement available because another major terrorist attack could occur at any time .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Autopsies on the bodies recovered after the Airbus disaster in the south Atlantic suggest there was no explosion or fire and therefore no terrorist attack .
But two weeks after Air France ’s AF447 fell from the sky between the Brazilian and West African coasts , the mystery of what happened to the plane and the 228 people on board remains largely impenetrable .
The automatic messages sent from the aircraft in its dying minutes suggest problems with speed sensors , and also with the rudder in the tail .
However , French investigators are still uncertain whether these were symptoms , or the principal causes , of the difficulties which overwhelmed the Airbus 330-200 flying from Rio to Paris on the night of 31 May and 1 June .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Autopsy reports on the first 16 bodies recovered from the ocean seem finally to have put to rest the theory that the aircraft was the victim of a terrorist attack .
Details of the autopsies leaked to the Brazilian press at the weekend indicate that the bodies showed no sign of burning or damage from an explosion .
The bodies were recovered whole , which is also said to be unusual after a mid-air explosion .
Examination by X - ray revealed no evidence that the bodies had been penetrated by shards of metal .
The 50 corpses discovered so far were recovered in two groups over 50 miles apart .
This suggests to some aviation experts that the aircraft may have disintegrated , fully or partially , in mid-air .
An aviation website , EuroCockpit , has also published the full details of the 24 automatic messages transmitted by the airbus to Air France headquarters in the minutes before it crashed .
Much of this information – including the fact that the aircraft was transmitting erratic and conflicting speed recordings – had already been revealed .
The full details of the messages also show , however , that the aircraft may have had a problem with its “ rudder limiter ” , which prevents the main rudder , or steering device , in the tail from moving beyond its safe range .
Aviation experts said that , in theory , if the rudder moved too far at speed , it could break off and take the “ vertical stabiliser ” – or main part of the tailplane – with it .
The tailplane is the largest piece of wreckage from the A330 - 200 to have been recovered so far .
However , the experts also point out that there was nothing in the automatic message which proved that the “ rudder limiter ” had failed , causing the crash .
The device might have simply locked itself into place because of the conflicting speed readings .
“ The message tells us that the rudder limiter was inoperative , ” Jack Casey , an aviation safety expert in Washington told the Associated Press .
“ It does not give you any reason why it is not working or what caused it , or what came afterward . ”
It is believed that the erratic speed readings may have been caused by malfunctioning speed sensors – or pitot tubes – but it still remains unclear how this problem alone could have destroyed , or brought down , a modern aircraft so rapidly .
No Mayday call or emergency radio message was sent by the pilot and co-pilot , suggesting that the aircraft fell apart or crashed while they were still going through their first , emergency response procedures .
A French nuclear submarine is searching the ocean depths up to 15,000 ft below the crash site in the hope of picking up a message from the beacons fitted to the aircraft ’s flight recorders .
Senior French air crash investigation officials have warned that it may never be possible to explain the crash unless the recorders or “ black boxes ” are found .
The location “ pings ” sent out by the boxes will cease in about two weeks ’ time .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Two members of the Senate Finance Committee plan to put their Democratic colleagues on the spot on Tuesday by offering amendments on whether to give uninsured Americans the opportunity to join a government insurance program .
Democratic leaders in the House meet this week to hammer over health care reform issues .
While health care reform legislation in the House and an alternate plan in the Senate have included a so - called " public option , " the Finance Committee 's version , which Republicans have n't rejected completely , has not included a government - sponsored provision .
Sens. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia and Chuck Schumer of New York planned to offer the amendments last week before the action was delayed .
It 's not clear whether the two Democrats have the votes on the committee to get their amendments passed .
But it is clear that the debate could be contentious , if last week 's discussion was any indication , with Republican Sen .
Jon Kyl of Arizona banging his fist on the table in an effort to be heard .
Some observers think it will take more action by President Obama to work with the Democratic leadership in Congress to hammer out these touchy issues in the coming weeks .
Liberal and progressive Democrats in the House have signaled a government - run public option is the primary way to rein in insurance companies so that uninsured Americans will be covered .
A public option would be a government - funded , government - run health care option , similar to Medicare .
Under the plan , people would pay premiums 10 to 20 percent less than private insurance .
Various forms of the legislation proposed by Democrats have cleared three House committees as well as the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
The fiscally - minded " Blue Dog " Democrats in the House -- and conservative Democrats in the Senate -- are worried about estimates of how much the plans will cost .
House Democratic leaders plan a series of meetings on Tuesday to continue negotiations on merging the three House versions .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said last week that the meetings are productive and a final House bill could come soon .
On discussions with the White House , one senior House Democratic congressional source said " they [ the White House ] are being informed on the discussions .
They 're in contact quite a bit . "
House Democratic leaders and key committee chairmen met Friday to discuss how to cut about $ 200 billion in costs from the measure .
The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the House bill would cost $ 1.1 trillion over 10 years , but Obama told Congress he wants a bill that costs $ 900 billion .
Democrats -- the majority in Congress -- are looking at adding a tax on insurers as a way to reduce the overall price tag of their health care bill .
The Senate Finance Committee is the last of five committees needed to approve health care proposals before the topic can be taken up by both the full Senate and the full House .
Democratic Sen. Max Baucus , the committee chairman , who recently unveiled his proposal , has said his bill comes in at $ 900 billion .
It would require all Americans to have health insurance but lacks a government - run public health insurance option and has proposed using health care co-operatives .
Rockefeller has signaled he will not support Baucus ' bill as it stands .
Julius Hobson , a senior policy adviser at international law firm Bryan Cave LLP , said the ultimate question is whether public option supporters on the committee will vote for a bill that fails to include their policy recommendations .
" The progressives in the Democratic Party in Congress hold the key to enactment of any type of health reform legislation , " said Hobson , a former director of congressional affairs for the American Medical Association .
Baucus offered his plan after months of negotiations with three Republicans and two other Democrats on the committee , labeled the Gang of Six .
However , none of the three Republicans in the negotiating group has backed the Baucus proposal yet .
Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe , a moderate from Maine , has indicated that she could go along with a Democratic bill if changes are made .
But as Republicans remain in lock step against the health care plans being offered , the Democratic leadership is aimed at bringing liberals , progressives and conservatives in their party together in order for a bill to be passed this year .
John Breaux , a former Democratic Senate deputy majority whip , said that can be achieved by the Democratic leadership and Obama starting with centrist issues -- including costs -- and then working to include proposals by more liberal members .
" The fact is you cannot solve problems from the far left or the far right , " he said .
" You have to start at the center and work your way out . "
Breaux added that it likely leaves the far left and far right " off the ship , but that 's the better way , I think , to solve America 's problems particularly in health care today . "
Watch more on the health care debate »
And Democrats -- along with Republicans -- are getting advice from someone who knows all too well about the challenges of reforming health care .
" I think we both have to come together , and we have to solve health care , " said former Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson .
" And we can do that .
We can come together on a bipartisan basis .
But Thompson , who now consults on health care issues , said bipartisanship will be next to impossible if a public option is included .
" The public option really is sort of a poison pill , and it 's not going to happen with public option , " he said .
Democratic Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana said it's " unlikely " for a Senate bill to have broad bipartisan support .
In broader terms , the big task for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is to get 60 votes in the Senate in order to block a Republican filibuster .
But Reid could also implement a legislative option known as reconciliation , which would only require 51 senators .
Sen . Bob Corker , R - Tennessee , said that option would " rip our country apart in many way and is shortsighted . "
Watch the GOP 's response to health care reform »
CNN congressional producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About Democratic Party • Health Care Costs • Republican Party
SAF , CGF Challenges California Handgun Ban Scheme [ Pena v Cid/ Lindley ]
SAF , CALGUNS FOUNDATION CHALLENGES CALIFORNIA HANDGUN BAN SCHEME
For Immediate Release : 4/30/2009
BELLEVUE , WA and REDWOOD CITY , CA – The Second Amendment Foundation , The Calguns Foundation and four California residents today filed a lawsuit challenging a California state law and regulatory scheme that arbitrarily bans handguns based on a roster of “ certified ” handguns approved by the State .
This case parallels a similar case filed in Washington , DC , Hanson v. District of Columbia .
California uses this list despite a ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court last summer that protects handguns that ordinary people traditionally use for self - defense , and a recent ruling by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that the Second Amendment applies to state and local governments .
The California scheme will eventually ban the purchase of almost all new handguns .
Attorney Alan Gura , representing the plaintiffs in this case , noted that California “ tells Ivan Peña that his rights have an expiration date based on payment of a government fee .
Americans are not limited to a government list of approved books , or approved religions , ” he said .
“ A handgun protected by the Second Amendment does not need to appear on any government - approved list and cannot be banned because a manufacturer does not pay a special annual fee . ”
“ The Para Ordnance P - 13 was once approved for sale in California , ” Peña noted , “ but now that a manufacturer did n’t pay a yearly fee , California claims the gun I want to own has somehow become ‘ unsafe ’ . ”
“ The Glock - 21 is the handgun I would choose for home defense , but California has decided the version I need is unacceptable .
I was born without a right arm below my elbow and therefore the new ambidextrous version of the Glock - 21 is the safest one for me .
The identical model designed for right hand use is available in California , but I ca n’t use it , ” said plaintiff Roy Vargas .
Added SAF founder Alan Gottlieb , “ The Supreme Court ’s decision is crystal clear : Handguns that are used by people for self - defense and other lawful purposes cannot be banned , whether the State likes it or not .
California needs to accept the Second Amendment reality . ”
Co-counsel Jason Davis remarked , “ The California Handgun Roster has always been about making the possession of handguns for self defense more difficult by imposing arbitrary and unconstitutional restrictions that limit choice and increase the cost of exercising a fundamental right . ”
Joining plaintiffs Peña and Vargas are Doña Croston and Brett Thomas .
Doña Croston ’s handgun would be allowed if it were black , green , or brown , but her bi-tone version is supposedly ‘ unsafe ’ merely based on color .
“ I did n’t realize that my constitutional rights depended on color .
What is it about two colors that makes the gun I want to purchase ‘ unsafe ’ ? ”
Brett Thomas seeks to own the same model of handgun that the Supreme Court ordered District of Columbia officials to register for Dick Heller .
However , that particular model is no longer manufactured , and its maker is no longer available to process the handgun ’s certification through the bureaucracy .
“ There is only one model of handgun that the Supreme Court has explicitly ruled is protected by the Second Amendment and yet California will not allow me to purchase that gun , ” said Mr. Thomas .
“ The so - called ‘ safe ’ gun list is just another gun-grabbing gimmick , ” said co-counsel Donald Kilmer .
“ California ca n’t get around the Second Amendment , as incorporated , by declaring most normal guns ‘ unsafe , ’ and gradually shrinking the number of so - called ‘ safe ’ guns to zero . ”
The Second Amendment Foundation (
The Calguns Foundation (
------
The
We 've held off on NRF 's because we did n't want to duplicate work on the Roster .
For Immediate Release : 4/30/2009BELLEVUE , WA and REDWOOD CITY , CA – The Second Amendment Foundation , The Calguns Foundation and four California residents today filed a lawsuit challenging a California state law and regulatory scheme that arbitrarily bans handguns based on a roster of “ certified ” handguns approved by the State .
This case parallels a similar case filed in Washington , DC , Hanson v. District of Columbia .
California uses this list despite a ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court last summer that protects handguns that ordinary people traditionally use for self - defense , and a recent ruling by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that the Second Amendment applies to state and local governments .
The California scheme will eventually ban the purchase of almost all new handguns .
Attorney Alan Gura , representing the plaintiffs in this case , noted that California “ tells Ivan Peña that his rights have an expiration date based on payment of a government fee .
Americans are not limited to a government list of approved books , or approved religions , ” he said .
“ A handgun protected by the Second Amendment does not need to appear on any government - approved list and cannot be banned because a manufacturer does not pay a special annual fee .
”
“ The Para Ordnance P - 13 was once approved for sale in California , ” Peña noted , “ but now that a manufacturer did n’t pay a yearly fee , California claims the gun I want to own has somehow become ‘ unsafe ’ .
” “ The Glock - 21 is the handgun I would choose for home defense , but California has decided the version I need is unacceptable .
I was born without a right arm below my elbow and therefore the new ambidextrous version of the Glock - 21 is the safest one for me .
The identical model designed for right hand use is available in California , but I ca n’t use it , ” said plaintiff Roy Vargas .
Added SAF founder Alan Gottlieb , “ The Supreme Court ’s decision is crystal clear : Handguns that are used by people for self - defense and other lawful purposes cannot be banned , whether the State likes it or not .
California needs to accept the Second Amendment reality .
” Co-counsel Jason Davis remarked , “ The California Handgun Roster has always been about making the possession of handguns for self defense more difficult by imposing arbitrary and unconstitutional restrictions that limit choice and increase the cost of exercising a fundamental right .
” Joining plaintiffs Peña and Vargas are Doña Croston and Brett Thomas .
Doña Croston ’s handgun would be allowed if it were black , green , or brown , but her bi-tone version is supposedly ‘ unsafe ’ merely based on color .
“ I did n’t realize that my constitutional rights depended on color .
What is it about two colors that makes the gun I want to purchase ‘ unsafe ’ ? ” Brett Thomas seeks to own the same model of handgun that the Supreme Court ordered District of Columbia officials to register for Dick Heller .
However , that particular model is no longer manufactured , and its maker is no longer available to process the handgun ’s certification through the bureaucracy .
“ There is only one model of handgun that the Supreme Court has explicitly ruled is protected by the Second Amendment and yet California will not allow me to purchase that gun , ” said Mr. Thomas .
“ The so - called ‘ safe ’ gun list is just another gun-grabbing gimmick , ” said co-counsel Donald Kilmer .
“ California ca n’t get around the Second Amendment , as incorporated , by declaring most normal guns ‘ unsafe , ’ and gradually shrinking the number of so - called ‘ safe ’ guns to zero .
” The Second Amendment Foundation ( www.saf.org ) is the nations oldest and largest tax - exempt education , research , publishing and legal action group focusing on the Constitutional right and heritage to privately own and possess firearms .
Founded in 1974 , The Foundation has grown to more than 600,000 members and supporters and conducts many programs designed to better inform the public about the consequences of gun control .
SAF has previously funded successful firearms - related suits against the cities of Los Angeles ; New Haven , CT ; and San Francisco on behalf of American gun owners , a lawsuit against the cities suing gun makers and an amicus brief and fund for the Emerson case holding the Second Amendment as an individual right .
The Calguns Foundation ( www.calgunsfoundation.org ) is a non-profit legal defense fund for California gun owners .
The Calguns foundation works to educate government and the public and protect the rights of individuals to own and lawfully use firearms in California .------ The complaint is available
We 've held off on NRF 's because we did n't want to duplicate work on the Roster .
Gene Hoffman
Chairman , The Calguns Foundation
Opinions posted in this account are my own and not the approved position of any organization .
I read PMs .
But , if you need a response , include an email address or email me directly !
" The problem with being a gun rights supporter is that the left hates guns and the right hates rights . "
- Anon __________________Gene
HoffmanChairman , The Calguns Foundation
DONATE NOW to support the rights of California gun owners .
Follow @CalgunsFdn on Twitter .
Sgt Smellie is due before magistrates in November A police officer is to be charged with assaulting a protester at the G20 demonstrations in London , the Crown Prosecution Service has said .
Demonstrators posted Youtube footage of a police officer appearing to strike Brighton woman Nicola Fisher .
Ms Fisher , 35 , was one of two women to complain about the conduct in April of Sgt Delroy ( Tony ) Smellie .
Prosecutors say there is insufficient evidence to charge the officer in relation to the second allegation .
In a statement , a CPS spokesman said : " The Crown Prosecution Service has decided that there is sufficient evidence to charge Police Sergeant Delroy ( Tony ) Smellie with the offence of assault by beating of Nicola Fisher on 2 April 2009 at a demonstration in the City of London . "
The CPS reviewed evidence provided by the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) - the police watchdog - which investigated Ms Fisher 's allegation .
The incident happened on the second day of the G20 protests .
Newspaper seller Ian Tomlinson had died during the previous evening 's demonstrations .
Ms Fisher was among a large crowd who attended a vigil for Mr Tomlinson .
The decision to use force is made by the individual police officer , and they must account for that
Met Police spokesman
The mobile phone footage of the protest shows a number of demonstrators close to police officers .
Ms Fisher seems to be struck by the back of a police officer 's hand .
When she approaches him a second time , he draws a baton and appears to hit her legs with it .
Sgt Smellie was suspended following Ms Fisher 's complaint to the police watchdog .
He is the first officer to face a charge in relation to the G20 protests .
He will appear at City of Westminster magistrates ' court on 16 November .
The Metropolitan Police confirmed an officer had been summonsed to court on suspicion of assault , but would not comment further on the case .
" The officer , who is a sergeant with the Territorial Support Group , is suspended pending the outcome of these proceedings , " a Met spokesman said .
He added that officers made split - second decisions to protect themselves , colleagues and the public and were accountable under law and aware their actions were open to scrutiny .
" The decision to use force is made by the individual police officer , and they must account for that , " he said .
" It is only right that complaints are thoroughly , and where appropriate independently , investigated so facts can be established .
This is vital for the confidence of Londoners as well as our own officers . "
A separate investigation is continuing into Mr Tomlinson 's death - but prosecutors are not expected to take any decision on the case for some time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
My first real job , at the actual company called AIRS and the original owner of the domain airs.com , was working on what was then called a fourth generation language system .
Nowadays we would simply call it a database .
It was pretty powerful , and we had customers , but we only ran on a system called the Alpha Micro which ran a proprietary operating system called AMOS .
So that ’s why you ’ve never heard of AIRS , or if not the only reason at least a sufficient one .
Anyhow , what I wanted to say here is , we had a database , but it was not a relational database .
It was what then called a network database .
Nowadays , we would simply say “ huh ? ”
But in fact I thought then and continue to think now that relational databases are basically a mistake .
The idea behind relational databases , as invented back in the ’70s by E.F .
Codd at IBM , is that you can access them via a structured query language .
We now know that language at SQL .
A relational database is conceptually just a set of tables .
SQL lets you express a database search by conceptually joining tables together in a few different ways ( the most common way being matching some index field ) and then describing some condition to be satisfied on the joined table .
SQL is nice because you can compose complex queries in a fairly logical manner .
The problem is that data in the real world does n’t typically come in table format .
In order to put it into table format you have to insert all various key fields .
That ’s not so bad , actually , but when you have one - to - many or many - to - many relationships , SQL requires that you describe them as table joins .
When the tables get large , actually joining a table becomes expensive–prohibitively expensive .
So instead the database has to figure out an efficient way to do the query which does n’t involve doing an actual join , but instead involves traversing the tables in some manner collecting the desired results .
When the query is at all complicated , that becomes a hard problem .
So for practical use relational database implementations require you to define various indexes which they can use , as well as more sophisticated solutions which I wo n’t go into .
The end result is that when you anticipate a user ’s query and create the appropriate indexes , the query is fast .
When the user does something you did n’t anticipate , the query is slow –for a large database , prohibitively slow .
The user who does n’t know which indexes you created has no idea which queries will be fast and which will be slow .
So SQL gives you this logically powerful query language which is supposed to be simple to use , but in actual practice has traps for the unwary user .
In a network database , you have to express your one - to - many and many - to - many relationships explicitly .
And when you do a query , you have to follow the links defined by the database –there are no joins .
The result is that an efficient query is easy to write , and an inefficient query is hard to write .
This makes it harder to do data mining , but it ’s actually not that bad .
You can still support a structured query language , even SQL itself , you just use a system which rewrites it into something which can be implemented before it gets to the database rather than after .
( At AIRS we had a programming language for queries which we called Logic , but most people used a visual query creator , with saved standard queries , etc. ) .
I can’t argue that SQL is really nice to use .
But I can and do argue that relational databases are not the right way to organize data for efficient access .
When you choose to entrust your case to our firm , we will work to help you obtain the peace of mind that you deserve .
The moment you walk through our firm ’s doors , we will review your case , address your concerns , and answer each of your questions .
Additionally , we will inform you of your rights and legal options .
Our legal team will fully educate you about the laws surrounding your case so that you are more enabled to make informed and sound decisions every step of the way .
Nearly two thirds of 14 - to 24 - year - olds illegally download music over peer - to - peer ( p2p ) networks , says UK Music .
Artwork : Chip Taylor
According to research , which was carried out by the University of Hertfordshire on behalf of the music body , 75 percent of teens also admitted to sending digital music files by e-mail , Bluetooth , Skype , or MSN to friends and family , while 86 percent revealed that had copied CDs for friends .
UK Music also said that 68 percent of those surveyed said they listen to music on their computer and on average 14 - to 24 - year - olds have more than 8000 tracks on their PCs .
Despite the recent popularity of music - streaming sites such as Spotify , 78 percent said they would n't pay for a music - streaming service .
Artwork : Chip Taylor
" Have they got the message that there is a thing called copyright and there is a philosophy of copyright ?
Yup .
They get it .
They just do n't care , " said former Undertones member and CEO of UK Music Fergal Sharkey .
The research also highlighted that 85 percent of those surveyed think a music download service that allows unlimited tracks to be obtained for a fixed price is a good idea , with 57 percent claiming it would stop them illegally file - sharing .
Just over half also said that artists should charge device manufacturers a fee to enable their tracks to be copied .
" If they 're prepared to work with us if we give them an all - you - can - eat download service , well then , as an industry we may then well have to step up to the plate and try to provide them with that kind of service , " Sharkey added .
Broadband speed test
PC security advice
See also : Student file - swapper ordered to pay £ 400,000
This story , " Teens Just Wo n't Pay for Music " was originally published by PC Advisor ( UK ) .
In India , Big Brother just wants to help .
The country 's 1.2 billion citizens are to be issued with a biometric identity card in an attempt to improve the delivery of India 's inefficient public services – a move civil liberties ' activists are condemning as the act of a " surveillance society " .
This month , the country began the ambitious scheme of issuing everyone with a unique identity number .
Within the first five years of the scheme , giant computer servers will hold the personal details of at least 600 million people .
The introduction of what will be one of the world 's most ambitious IT projects will cost an estimated £ 1.5 bn .
The scheme is the brainchild of Nandan Nilekani , one of India 's best - known software tycoons and now head of the government 's Unique Identification Authority .
" We are going to have to build something on the scale of Google but it will change the country … every person for first time [ will ] be able to prove who he or she was . "
The country 's red tape is legendary : Indians have dozens of types of identity verification , ranging from electoral rolls to ration cards , yet almost none can be used universally .
The new system will be a national proof of identity , effective for everything , from welfare benefits to updating land records .
Nilekani said the scheme would help the poor especially .
Moving from one state to another – a regular occurrence for poor villagers in search of work – often meant benefits were withdrawn because proof of residence was lacking .
" This will mean maids and labourers … a hundred or two hundred million people – will be able to access welfare benefits for the first time without any questioning who they are . "
Eventually , cards will hold the person 's name , age , and birth date , as well as fingerprint or iris scans , though no caste or religious identification .
" We are not profiling a billion people .
This will provide an ID database which government can access online .
There will be checks and balances to protect identities , " said Nilekani , who has also been in talks to create a personalised carbon account so that all Indians might buy " green technologies " using a government subsidy .
Doubts have been raised over privacy and the complex security needed to police such the system , as well as concerns that the project is just too ambitious .
" We could have a hacking Olympics , " said Guru Malladi , a partner at Ernst & Young .
Civil liberty campaigners fear the card could be a tool of repression .
Nandita Haskar , a human rights lawyer , said : " There 's already no accountability in regard to violations of human and civil rights .
In this atmosphere what are the oversight mechanisms for this kind of surveillance ? "
By George Washington of Washington ’s Blog .
As everyone knows , the big banks have gotten bigger and bigger .
Noted economist Mark Zandi says we have an oligopoly of banks , and that “ the oligopoly has tightened ” .
The TARP Inspector – Neil Barofsky – told Huffington Post yesterday that , because of the consolidation in the banking industry :
I think we may be in a far more dangerous place today than we were a year ago .
WHY IS CONCENTRATION DANGEROUS ?
Economists and other financial experts could provide many reasons why concentration is dangerous .
Certainly , their very size distorts the markets and limits the growth of smaller banks .
and the economy cannot fundamentally recover while the giants continue to drag our economy down the drain .
But I would like to use an analogy from science to discuss why our current , highly - concentrated banking lineup presents a huge threat to our economy ( analogies can sometimes be useful ; e.g. Taleb talks about black swans ) .
It has been accepted science for decades that when all the farmers in a certain region grow the same strain of the same crop – called “ monoculture ” – the crops become much more susceptible .
Why ?
Because any bug ( insect or germ ) which happens to like that particular strain could take out the whole crop on pretty much all of the region ’s farms .
For example , one type of grasshopper – called “ differential grasshoppers ” – loves corn .
If everyone grows the same strain of corn in a town in the Midwest , and differential grasshoppers are anywhere nearby , they may come and wipe out the entire town ’s crops ( that ’s why monoculture crops require such high levels of pesticides ) .
On the other hand , if farmers grow a lot of different types of crops ( “ polyculture ” ) , then a pest might get some crops , but the rest will survive .
I believe that the same principle applies to our financial system .
If power and deposits are concentrated in a handful of mega - banks , problems with those banks could bring down the whole system .
As Zandi noted , there is an oligopoly in the banking industry ( and “ the oligopoly has tightened ” ) .
Moreover , the mega - banks are huge holders of derivatives , including credit default swaps .
JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , and Morgan Stanley together hold 80 % of the country ’s derivatives risk , and 96 % of the exposure to credit derivatives .
Even though JP , B of A , Goldman and Citi are separate corporations , they are so interlinked and intertwined through their derivatives holdings that an attack by a “ pest ” which swarmed in on their derivatives could take down this “ monoculture ” of overly - leveraged , securitized , derivatives - heavy banking .
Indeed , taking just one example – JP Morgan – independent analyst Reggie Middleton notes :
As of June 30 , 2009 , JPM had exposure of $ 85 billion ( or 108 % of its tangible equity ) towards off balance sheet lending commitments and guarantees …
As of June 30 , 2009 , the total notional amount of derivative contracts outstanding as of June 30 , 2009 was about $ 80 trillion ( or 101,846 % of its tangible equity ) …
Gross fair value ( before FIN 39 ) of the derivative receivables and derivative payables was $ 1,798 billion ( or 2,276 % of its tangible equity ) and $ 1,749 billion ( or 2,214 % of its tangible equity ) , respectively .
The , fair value of JPM ’s derivative receivables ( after FIN 39 ) was $ 84 billion ( or 106 % of its tangible equity ) while the fair value of JPM ’s derivative payables ( after FIN 39 ) was $ 58 billion ( or 73 % of its tangible equity ) .
FIN 39 allows netting of derivative receivables and derivative payables and the related cash collateral received and paid when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists between JPM and a derivative counterparty …
About 23 % of the derivative receivables ( in terms of fair value after FIN 39 ) were below investment grade ( less than BBB or equivalent ) while 12 % were rated BBB or equivalent …
Within the dealer / client business , JPM utilizes credit derivatives by buying and selling credit protection , predominantly on corporate debt obligations , in response to client demand for credit risk protection on the underlying reference instruments .
Protection may be bought or sold by the Firm on single reference debt instruments ( “ single - name ” credit derivatives ) , portfolios of referenced instruments ( “ portfolio ” credit derivatives ) or quoted indices ( “ indexed ” credit derivatives ) .
The risk positions are largely matched as the Firm ’s exposure to a given reference entity under a contract to sell protection to a counterparty may be offset partially , or entirely , with a contract to purchase protection from another counterparty on the same underlying instrument .
Any residual default exposure and spread risk is actively managed by the Firm ’s various trading desks .
After netting the notional amount of purchased credit derivatives where the underlying reference instrument is identical to the reference instrument on which the Firm has sold credit protection , JPM has net protection purchased of $ 82 billion along with other protection purchased of $ 77 billion .
So that ’s it .
They are square , then .
Of course unless the sellers of their protection default .
If they do , then it may very well cause a daisy chain reaction that could get very ugly …
If you thought Lehman caused problems , compare Lehman ’s counterparty exposure to JPM’s .
The bottom line is that our current banking monoculture threatens not only the biggest banks , but the entire financial system .
Pesticides become less effective as pests develop resistance – and , as a byproduct , we poison friendly critters .
Likewise , the giants “ creatively ” work their way around regulations so that the regulations are no longer effective ( or at least not enforced , and regulatory capture is widespread .
And too much regulation stifles productivity , as an unintended byproduct .
Having power and deposits spread out among more , smaller banks would greatly increase the stability of the financial system .
And having more power and deposits in banks using a wider variety of business models ( e.g. among banks that are n’t heavily invested in derivatives and securitized assets ) will create a banking “ polyculture ” which will lead to a much more stable financial system .
In other words , if we decentralize power and deposits and increase the variety of banking models , we will have a healthier financial system , we wo n’t have such an urgent need to try to micromanage every aspect of the banking system through regulation , and the regulations we do have will be more effective .
By the way , I would argue that that is one of the reasons why Glass - Steagall was so important : it enforced diversity – depository institutions on the one hand , and investment banks on the other .
When Glass - Steagall was revoked and the giants started doing both types of banking , it was like a single crop cannibalizing another crop and becoming a new super - organism .
Instead of having diversity , you ’ve now got a monoculture of the new super - crop , suscecptible to being wiped out by a pest .
The kinds of things which threaten depository institutions are not necessarily the same type of things which threaten investment banks , hedge funds , etc .
The above is yet another reason we should break up the giant banks using antitrust or other laws .
Note : Wells Fargo ’s derivatives holdings are substantial , but much less than the other big boys .
But rumors are that Wells might be in real trouble as well due to its commercial real estate and other portfolios .
Stereogram Paint is amazing tool for drawing stereograms using just your mouse .
Though it 's very easy to use , it has advanced features for drawing shapes in 3D .
Start with simple shapes , draw them on the black canvas using your mouse and then click the [ Render ] button .
A graphical stereogram will be created in seconds with a hidden picture that you have drawn .
Here are some instructions and features :
1. Background drop down list allows you to pick one of preset backgrounds .
2 . Texture drop down allows you to pick a pattern .
3. Brush Type ( Circle , Square , Dimond , RectX and RectY ) changes the brush shape and the slider below changes the Brush size .
4. Edge Type ( Plane , Sphere , Inset ) changes the edge of the Brush and the slider below changes Edge size .
5 . Depth slider changes current Z level of the brush .
6 . Eraser checkbox switches the brush to erase mode ( do n't forget to pick a Depth ) .
7. Depth Increment changes Z Depth of the Brush while you draw .
+/- slider sets the speed of change ( angle in 3D ) .
8 . If you need to reset Depth Increment - click the button next to it - [ 0 ] .
9. Depth Pick button - [ ? ] gets the depth from where you click - very convenient .
10 . Unde / Redo buttons - 10 steps of Undo ( a must feature in any editor ) .
11 . Clear - erases whole scene .
12 . Render - generates Stereogram .
When you click on stereogram - you 'll be switched back to editor mode .
13 . Save button - download your Depth Map or Stereogram from .
Stereogram Paint :
Add or Read Comments ( 127 )
The interview was a disaster in every way .
CNN did an EXCELLENT job of pushing back on his talking points .
Specifically :
The need to delay .
The CNN anchor rightfully pointed out that continued delay would cost us more , especially if we end up doing nothing .
When Steele questioned what the cost was ( showing his ignorance ) , the CNN contributer noted that the cost of health care is about 1/6th of our GDP .
His Press Club interview .
The anchors took him to task of his quote that he " does n't do policy . "
Steele reitered that his main role is to bash Obama .
Government takeover .
The anchors then pushed Steele to respond to the claims of a government takeover .
Specifically , they pointed out that the Obama plans do not call for the government to takeover anything .
Steele pathetically complained about amendments being passed in the dark of night .
Then came the big smackdown .
Steele claimed that the goverment would tell an 85 - year - old that she could have a hip - replacement .
The anchor demanded that Steele point to where in the legislation this was .
He could n't , then clamed that it would happen as a result of " implementation . "
He then referred to the health - care flow - chart of doom ( cue scary music ) .
The interview was then capped by the CNN anchors asking Steele who his insurer was .
He COULDN'T ANSWER .
To repeat :
The head of the RNC could NOT name his health care insurer .
The DNC response was quick and biting :
The slip - up was immediately seized upon by the Democratic National Committee , which charged that Steele 's hesitation was further evidence that he and the RNC are out of touch and only interested in political warfare when it comes to health care .
" It must be nice to have the luxury of not even knowing the name of your own health care provider , but Michael Steele 's comments today , and the Republican strategy of working to kill reform for their own political purposes , is simply insulting to the millions of American families and businesses struggling with soaring health care costs , " read a statement from DNC Press Secretary Hari Sevugan .
If there is any justice , this , combined with DeMint , would be used in an ad .
It was an embarrasment in every way .
Kudos to CNN for holding his feet to the fire .
Update :
Per requests in the diary , Steele apparently had a tough time on Morning Joe as well , really getting into with Scarborough .
Video :
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : atom - 0.1.1
Atom is a Haskell DSL for designing hard real - time embedded applications .
At Eaton , we use it for automotive control systems .
An Atom description is composed of a set of guarded atomic actions that operate on a global program state .
Atom makes it easy to manage program concurrency without the need for mutex locking and run-time task scheduling .
As such , Atom can eliminate the need and overhead of an RTOS , which traditionally serves these functions .
This release includes several improvements to C code generation , including a simplified rule scheduler that consumes less memory and execution time .
It also ships with a new unit testing framework that allows the use of assertions and functional coverage points to assist with program verification .
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/atom
Dell Driver Download Manager – Fail
.
If you are looking to waste lots of your time I suggest you try to download drivers from the Dell website .
I had a friend call me today .
He just did a format / reinstall on his Dell Inspiron 8600 laptop and needed drivers .
He said that every time he tried to download from Dell , it did n’t work .
Smugly I thought I would have this problem fixed in 5 minutes flat .
2 hours later I still could not understand why every driver I downloaded turned into this :
Let me take that back .
I knew exactly why it looked like that – I needed to have the Dell driver download manager installed .
But the big question was , where in the hell was it ?
I searched for hours , and finally came across an amusing blog post .
The short version is Dell is making the driver manager optional .
Here are some of my favorite comments from it :
1. Currently utterly scuppered by Download manager .
Just get rid of it .
The basket of download links was useful but now Im currently stuck trying to locate the huge number of dell cookies on my system to remove the one thats stopping me from having a choice in a download .
Restarting the browser and repicking the drivers is a pain .
The job of downloading drivers has gone from a 5 minute task to 60 minute distraction .
Where can I send the bill for my time that the clients are not going to pay ?
2. I wanted to download one driver today .
In the past , that would have taken less than 5 minutes .
Today , because I clicked on the DM link , it took almost four hours to figure out what happened to my system , fix it , and then get the driver .
I suppose Dell has invested too much in this travesty to discard it .
Too bad — it would have been better if you used that time and money to improve the ability to diagnose problems and find solutions rather than complicate the process of downloading .
If nothing else , give us the ability to opt out of DM forever .
I do not want to keep seeing the dialog box asking how I want to download files .
I never want to use DM .
Also , please be kind to those who have not yet used this thing and warn them it is fundamentally different — and make it eash to opt out if the person makes the unfortunate decision to use it .
3 . Can anyone explain how to get the option back to download via the web option ?
After installing and uninstalling the Dell Driver Download software program , I no longer have the option to download via the web either .
So where did I make my mistake ?
The download manager is optional , but I could never find a link to download it , nor could I find a way of switching back to download without it .
In that same post I found out that the trick was to delete the Dell cookies from my web browser .
Then , I went back to the downloads page and picked the standard option :
Just look at that window for a moment .
See how easy it would be to click that first option ?
If you did , you are now stuck .
How nice .
When I picked the second option I could then download drivers without any issue .
Still I was curious .
Did I miss something ?
Did I blow past a prompt to install a download manager plugin for FireFox ?
Or was Dell ’s website so inept that it had no working download manager for FireFox ?
I cleared the cookies , and started a new download .
I chose the Dell Download Manager option .
Same thing as before .
No prompts , no FireFox plugin , I was simply directed to the drivers page .
From that point on there was no way to download a driver without :
1. Digging through my cookies
2. Removing the entries for dell.com
3. Choosing the second option when a download started .
What about IE ?
I fired up IE for the first time in 3 months and went to the Dell website .
I picked the Download manager option .
Sure enough it installs an IE plugin ( Requires a 53 MB install of .
NET 3.5 – Whoo Hooo ! )
So .
What is the lesson ?
Make damn sure you pick that second option the next time you are on Dell ’s website .
Update :
After more digging I discovered that if you install these two updates from MS you can get it to work under FF :
Microsoft .NET 3.5 Service Pack 1
Microsoft .NET Assistant version 1.1
Still .
That is a huge amount of crap you need to wade through to just get some drivers .
One more thing … Subscribe to my newsletter and get 11 free network administrator tools , plus a 30 page user guide so you can get the most out of them .
Click
Here to get your free tools
Thursday , September 24 , 2009
On September 24 , 1759 , Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000 year lease for the St James ' Gate Brewery in Dublin , Ireland .
250 years later , Guinness has grown to a global business that turns over 10 billion euros ( US $ 14.7 billion ) every year .
Arthur 's Day has been described by Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen as " an excuse for having a great party . "
Pub - goers across Dublin — as well as cities around the world including Kuala Lumpur , Lagos , Cotonou , Hong Kong , and New York — raised their glasses in tribute to Arthur at exactly 17:59 p.m. to mark the year the drink was begun .
Ireland has issued a stamp for the event .
St James ' Gate Brewery had grown to become Ireland 's biggest by 1833 and in 1886 had grown to the biggest in the world , producing 1.2 million barrels of black stout each year .
Today , Guinness is enjoyed in 150 countries and 10 million pints are drunk every 24 hours — although Irish myth has it the brew tastes best in Dublin .
Sources
How to Change How You Feel Right Now : 5 Simple Tips
Image by : http://www.flickr.com/photos/fabiovenni/ / CC BY -SA 2.0
“ Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year . ”
Ralph Waldo Emerson
” Life is a great and wondrous mystery , and the only thing we know that we have for sure is what is right here right now .
Do n’t miss it . ”
Leo Buscaglia
Some days you fall into a negative funk .
You do n’t feel like doing anything much and are just going through the motions .
Or you do n’t seem to get anything done .
Maybe today is such a day for you .
If so , remember that the day is n’t over yet .
You can still make something good out of it .
And you can do so by changing your mental and emotional state .
Here are five of my favourite ways for doing just that in a matter of minutes .
1. Appreciate away .
A very effective way to become a more positive person and to enjoy your life more is simply to develop a habit of appreciating more .
If you want a few suggestions , here are a few of the things that I like to appreciate :
My food .
The weather and sunshine we are having today .
My health .
Friends and family .
This blog and the opportunity to write about what I want .
You , the reader .
The funny thing is that if you just start appreciating something you can very quickly start jumping around with your attention and appreciate just about anything around you .
You may start with the food you are eating right now .
Then move your attention to the phone and appreciate that you can contact anyone – and be contacted by anyone – you ’d like .
You might then move your attention outside , through the window and see the wonderful sunshine , then the kids having fun with a football and then a really attractive person walking by .
And so on .
Try doing that for two or three minutes .
Try to come up with all the things in yourself and your world that you can appreciate .
Move your attention around from appreciation - point to appreciation - point like when you are jumping from stone to stone while crossing a stream .
2. Change your physiology .
If you change how you move and use your body your mood will change .
If you for instance want to feel happier , force a smile for about 60 seconds .
You ’ll feel happier .
If you want to feel confident stand up and walk around for few minutes in a confident way .
You ’ll feel more confident .
One key to better use of this technique is to focus on your body and changing your movements but to then turn the focus outward , into the world around you .
Doing so has given me more dependable and consistent results than when I focused inward .
If you focus outward you do n’t become that self - conscious .
If you on the other hand keep your focus inward – on what you are doing – while you are moving around with a changed physiology you become self - conscious .
And that self - analyzing and nervous self - consciousness counteracts much of the positive emotional effect that you can create by changing how you move and use your body .
3 . Act as you ’d like to feel .
If you want to feel more positive then ask yourself : what would a very positive person do in this situation ?
Do that and then you ’ll feel positive .
Make a call or answer the phone in a positive way .
Write an email in a positive and enthusiastic manner .
Instead of thinking that a situation will probably be boring and not so beneficial think of it as something that will be exciting , fun and useful .
This is about doing things a bit backward .
Just like when you change your physiology .
Instead of being a positive person / having a positive mood for the day and therefore acting in a positive way when something happens you flip it around .
You start by acting as you would in a situation if you were in a positive mood .
And then you ’ll create a positive mood and positive consequences in the world around you and within yourself .
4 . Ask the right questions .
If you are asking yourself disempowering questions like : “ Why did this happen to me ? “ , “ How can get out of doing this ? ” and “ What are all the awful things about this ? ” then of course you are going to feel lousy and get very little done .
If you on the other hand start asking yourself useful questions about the situation you are in or the day you are having then you can quickly change how you feel and get yourself into action mode .
You become empowered instead of getting stuck in victim thinking .
A few good questions are :
“ What is awesome about this situation ? ”
“ Will this matter 5 years from now ? ”
“ What is the opportunity hidden within this situation ? ”
5 . Recall your positive experiences and memories .
It ’s easy to be overcome by negative internal chatter .
Nonsense like : “ I ca n’t do this , what if they think I ’m incompetent , I ’m gonna fail , I ’m gonna fail and this why did I take this shirt , it ’s so ugly ” .
And so on .
When preparing for a meeting , a job interview , a presentation or anything that makes you really nervous recall your positive memories from similar experiences .
Think back to when you were funny and charming .
Remember the times when you were confident and relaxed during previous meetings and interviews .
Let a few of your best memories wash over you .
Let them comfort you and help you realize that you have been here before and things went well during those situations in the past .
Doing so helps you remember the positive and wonderful sides of yourself .
The qualities and your inner possibilities that are always there .
You can also use this tip to remember how you felt when you felt confident in the past .
How you moved , what you said .
Then use those memories of actions and emotions to more easily slip into a confident state of mind by using tip # 2 above .
If you enjoyed this article , please share it on Stumbleupon and Twitter .
Thank you very much !
A teen driver was convicted today of murdering his 16 - year - old friend after speeding over 100 mph -- while drunk and without a license -- and crashing into a utility pole .
Milad Moulayi , 18 , of Santa Ana was the first juvenile in Orange County to be charged as an adult with murder in a drunken driving crash , according to the Orange County district attorney ’s office .
He was 17 at the time of the accident .
A jury found Moulayi guilty of one count of second - degree murder for being drunk behind the wheel and one misdemeanor count of driving without a license in the crash last year that killed Mackenzie Frazee .
Moulayi's learner ’s permit had been suspended the day before the accident .
After having several drinks at a party at his Santa Ana home on Aug. 28 , 2008 , Moulayi insisted on driving Frazee back to her house , prosecutors said .
While driving his Mercedes Benz between 102 mph and 112 mph on Newport Avenue in Tustin , he lost control , crossed the center median and crashed into a utility pole , splitting the car in half .
The front half of the car caught fire and firefighters had to cut Frazee free .
She was taken to Western Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead .
Moulayi was treated for cuts and bruises .
He had a blood alcohol level of .11 % .
He faces a maximum sentence of 15 years to life in state prison and is scheduled to be sentenced in October .
-- Tony Barboza
August 19 , 2009 — Patrick Zimmerman
A Thousand Words : The Discovery of Potential Happiness
A Thousand Words is an acclaimed 4 - min. short film by Ted Chung .
A Thousand Words has no dialogue , adding more ingenuity to the film .
By using no words , the theme of implication itself becomes actually implied by the movie , revealing a sense of post - modern beauty and film - making at its best .
Two strangers on a train , a furtive glance and the urban poetry of brief encounters .
Every day , there are so many opportunities to connect .
What if you happened to take just one ?
A Thousand Words : The Discovery of Potential Happiness
Please Share
This :
Queensland 's prostitution laws are failing to protect sex workers , and are forcing them into illegal brothels , a team of Brisbane academics has found .
Former premier Peter Beattie introduced the Prostitution Act in December 1999 which allowed boutique brothels with up to five rooms .
At the time he said if such rules had been in place there never would have been a Fitzgerald Inquiry , which had detailed the link between illegal prostitution and organised crime .
The new law established the Prostitution Licensing Authority to oversee the sex industry .
But almost 10 years since the Prostitution Act was passed , a major study has found the laws are failing .
Researchers from the University of Queensland spent a year examining the industry and found only 10 per cent of the industry is regulated .
" We have in Queensland currently 25 legal brothels that operate throughout the state , " said Associate Professor Andreas Schloenhardt .
" They are tightly controlled through the Prostitution Act and we have the Prostitution Licensing Authority monitoring their every move .
" We know pretty well what 's going on in those brothels .
" They are operated very safely , but the main criticism that has emerged over the past 10 years is that only a very small slice of prostitution actually takes place in those legal brothels . "
Professor Schloenhardt says the Crime and Misconduct Commission has suggested about 90 per cent of prostitution offered in Queensland takes place outside the legal brothels .
He said the laws are only effective at protecting workers in licensed brothels .
" You can hear a pin drop in any of those brothels and the police and Prostitution Licensing Authority are very well aware of what 's going on in there , " he said .
" But we know very little about the rest of the industry , much of which is still illegal . "
Professor Schloenhardt says illegal street prostitution is continuing and the escort industry is flourishing .
" It 's a completely unregulated industry .
It happens very frequently , but again we offer no protection , no safeguards for this and we really do n't know much about the sort of risks associated with that . "
He said the laws make it too expensive for operators to run a legal brothel .
" The licensing fees alone amount to more than $ 30,000 each year and on top of that there is a lot of expenses for maintenance , security and hygiene in those places - and of course the salaries of the sex workers involved , which makes it very expensive . "
The government cap of five rooms for boutique brothels also makes legal brothels less attractive .
" They of course are n't busy 24 hours a day , so it means the brothels are quite limited in the sort of money that they can make , " Professor Schloenhardt said .
" Many critics argue that this is what 's pushing a lot of operators further underground , because you can simply make a lot more money doing it outside the legal sphere . "
But Professor Schloenhardt has played down comparisons with the Bjelke - Petersen era and said the findings of his study are not a sign of a return to the bad old days .
" Certainly the corruption and police involvement in the sex industry that we saw 20 years ago that came out of the Fitzgerald Inquiry is something that has been very well controlled in Queensland through the creation of the CMC and the Prostitution Licensing Authority , " he said .
" There 's no reason to think that we are moving back into this era .
" We do , however , have a very significant clandestine prostitution industry in Queensland .
There might be criminal elements involved in that . "
He said the State Government is adopting a " see - no - evil , hear - no - evil " approach to regulation .
" This is an area that is not debated on the front page of the newspapers and it remains for many people a big taboo , which is why perhaps the Government does n't see any urgency to act .
" But given the raw data that we have on how this industry is carried out in Queensland , I think it is long overdue that we revisit some of the objectives of the legislation and what it is that we want to achieve with the prostitution industry . "
Human trafficking
Another murky area of Queensland 's prostitution laws is the emerging issue of human trafficking and sex slavery .
Professor Schloenhardt says their study found there is no legal protection to prevent migrants being exploited or forced into prostitution against their will .
" We know of a number of cases in Victoria and New South Wales .
Perhaps we are lucky that we have n't seen any in Queensland .
" Perhaps we have n't found them yet , but it 's again an area that the legislation currently leaves completely unaddressed .
" The longer we turn a blind eye to these issues , the longer we tolerate a large clandestine industry , the more vulnerable we make some people to human trafficking . "
Candy Forrest , who works with the Brisbane - based Crimson Coalition , an advocacy group for sex workers , says she agrees with Professor Schloenhardt that the laws must be changed to provide better protection for workers .
" A lot of people working in the industry are unhappy with the laws , " she said .
" The workers who work in the licensed brothels generally feel physically safe most of the time , but we do get a lot of reports from workers in the licensed brothels where they feel like they 're being coerced into working under conditions that they may not have chosen for themselves . "
Options limited
Ms Forrest said the laws limit sex workers ' options for working safely .
" There are really only two legal options for sex workers in Queensland :
One is to work in a licensed brothel and the other is to work entirely by yourself as a private sole operator , " she said .
" The problem with working by yourself is that it 's very isolating and it can be unsafe in some situations . "
She said one of the reasons given for allowing boutique brothels was that sex workers could open their own legal businesses but that has not happened .
" Sex workers generally do n't want to commit themselves to several years working in the industry .
" They 're generally just inclined to not commit to a long - term set up that 's very expensive and difficult to go through . "
Ms Forrest said funding should be set aside for a campaign to educate migrant sex workers on their rights .
" To ensure when they come to Australia and specifically Queensland they wo n't be caught up in a situation where they 're having to pay a large contract debt to somebody who 's bought them here illegally , " she said .
The Craft of Programming
This is a textbook on programming with emphasis on specification and proof of programs .
It is now out of print , and all rights have reverted to the author , who has decided to make it publicly available as a large downloadable PDF file ( about 35 million bytes ) .
The same file is also available from the Research Showcase at CMU .
( The book was rescanned in October 2011 .
I believe that there are no longer any missing pages . )
WARNING : Do not reproduce these documents for commercial purposes .
John.Reynolds@cs.cmu.edu ( home page )
last updated October 18 , 2011
Until its reform in 2000 , German immigration law was based on a principle that many Canadians might find objectionable , even disturbing : blood .
To be a German citizen , you had to be born to German parents .
Thousands of “ guest workers ” who had lived in Germany from birth , some even second and third generation , were permanently excluded from ever becoming full members of the community .
At the same time , the children born to German citizens living abroad would automatically be entitled to citizenship , as were their descendants , even if none of them ever lived there .
Exceptions have since been made , but the principle remains : children of German stock are admitted to German citizenship automatically , as of right .
Everyone else can wait in line .
But then , a German might find Canadian immigration law no less odd .
There is no bloodline requirement for Canadian citizenship : it is enough , rather , to have been born on Canadian soil .
Your parents might have been changing flights for all the law cares .
Neither you nor your parents may live here a minute beyond that .
No matter : you ’re in , automatically , in perpetuity .
On the other hand , those foolish enough to be born elsewhere , though they might have arrived in this country as newborns , have no guarantee of citizenship , no matter how long they live here .
We like to think of ours as a more inclusive society , as a civic rather than an ethnic nation .
If a paternity test for inclusion were suggested , we would rightly recoil .
Yet is a territorial criterion really so different ?
In both cases , citizenship , with all of its blessings , is awarded by accident of birth .
The children upon whom citizenship is conferred in this way have done nothing to earn this privileged status .
They have simply won the lottery — the birthright lottery .
Is this system morally defensible ?
No , argues Ayelet Shachar , professor of law at the University of Toronto .
Citizenship is one of the few remaining areas of modern life , she points out in The Birthright Lottery : Citizenship and Global Inequality , in which rights and status are still dictated by inherited privilege , a practice more usually identified with feudal times .
Although life chances in practice differ greatly at birth , there is consensus that every member of society is at least entitled to equal treatment in the sight of the law .
In a society dedicated to the equal moral worth of every individual , that is a bedrock obligation of the state : on this we are agreed .
Except , that is , when it comes to deciding who should be a member of that society .
To be sure , we allow a small number of others to join us , but only as and when we choose , based on their fitness for membership as we see it .
Yet the tests we administer to them are not ones that we will ever have to pass ourselves .
For the vast majority of us , the only quality we are expected to show is the good judgement to have been born here , on which slim basis we feel wholly entitled to exclude others .
Such a system would be morally arbitrary in any circumstance .
But when we look at the enormous discrepancies in incomes , human rights and quality of life in different countries around the world , it becomes even harder to justify .
The child born in a country like Canada may hope for the sort of secure and prosperous existence that would be unattainable — in fact , unimaginable — across most of the globe , where the great majority of the world ’s poorest remain imprisoned in their countries of birth .
Yet so universal is birthright citizenship as a legal norm — and so comfortably does it sit with our own interests — that this extraordinary and unjust system of allotting life chances passes unquestioned .
Shachar proposes the establishment of a tax assessed on the fortunate few born into developed - country citizenship .
If it did nothing else but open our eyes to this anomaly , this book would make a signal contribution to the immigration debate .
Unfortunately , Shachar has a wider agenda .
If , as she argues , citizenship is a form of inherited property , a bundle of rights passed down from one generation to another in much the same manner as the entailed estates of old , then surely the same analysis that leads us to tax inherited wealth should lead us to tax the inherited privilege of citizenship .
Accordingly , she proposes the establishment of a “ birthright privilege levy , ” a tax assessed on the fortunate few born into developed - country citizenship , the proceeds to be redistributed to those we exclude : the numberless wretched of the earth .
Put like that , Shachar has a point .
The principle is well established and widely shared that inheritance should be taxed , both to establish some rough parity in “ starting points ” in life and in deference to the idea that wealth should be earned , through effort and ingenuity , not simply acquired .
In a society that is interested in justice , it is a matter of law , not charity , that such endowments should be redistributed , at least in part .
Why , Shachar asks , should the same rule not apply to the particular property to which we are ( most of us ) heir , our unearned Canadian citizenship ?
Ah , but is citizenship property ?
Can it be so defined ?
This is no small matter .
It is crucial to Shachar ’s argument .
Her point is not that we have a moral obligation to the world ’s poor , but a legal one ; it is not that we should send more aid out of the goodness of our hearts , but quite literally in payment of the tax owing on our inheritance — on our property .
So quite apart from the practical concerns raised by such a far - reaching proposal , it is worth knowing whether it can be sustained even in its underlying rationale .
In most definitions of the word , property is concerned with ownership of scarce resources .
We do not grant title to the air ; rather , it is where one person ’s consumption of a thing leaves less for everyone else that property rights come into play .
Where these are not assigned , where it is unclear who owns what , there is little incentive for anyone to use resources efficiently , a phenomenon known as the tragedy of the commons .
Since society has an interest in the efficient use of scarce resources , we assign and enforce title to them , granting their owners exclusive right to a particular property , together with the returns from its use .
Exclusive , as in the owner has the right to exclude others .
The analogy between citizenship and property is a popular one in immigration debates .
I have a right to exclude people from my house , it is often claimed ; why should I not be able to exclude people from my country ?
But the analogy fails , for one simple reason : because citizenship , as such , is not a scarce resource .
There is only so much land , which is why we assign property rights to it .
But citizenship is more like the air : one person ’s “ consumption ” of it does not diminish another ’s .
I have the same rights today as one of 30 million - odd citizens of Canada — to enter and leave , vote in its elections and so on — as I would have had when we were three million .
To be sure , citizenship may carry with it the expectation of certain benefits : “ free ” health care , for example , which might be thought to be in scarce supply .
But these are not , in themselves , part of the definition of citizenship , which is concerned with membership in a community — who is included , who is not — not how the members of that community choose to organize themselves .
If citizenship is scarce , it is only because states have decreed it should be so , not because of any inherent limitation .
So the foundation of Shachar ’s argument for a citizenship tax , that citizenship is property , collapses .
It may be inherited like property , but there the resemblance ends .
That ’s if you use the definition of property found in most dictionaries , law books or economics texts .
But Shachar rejects this “ narrow ” ( i.e. , commonplace ) understanding .
Following C.B. Macpherson , she describes it as rooted in “ a particular conception of social life , according to which all interper - sonal interactions are characterized as ‘ trades , ’ and thus everything may in principle be subject to market transaction . ”
It is a world in which “ social atomism and unrestricted commodification rule , and where self - interest is the core motivation for human action . ”
Notice the absolutes : all , everything , unrestricted .
But this is grotesque .
Nothing in the traditional notion of property demands that we accept such an absurd caricature .
Nor are we obliged to view the right to property as unconditional : it can be attenuated by other social objectives , as centuries of common law has recognized .
We are only obliged to think about it coherently .
By contrast , the “ broader ” concept of property Shachar prefers views it as “ part of a web of social and political relations . ”
Where the traditional concept of property “ privileges ” the right of the “ possessive individual ” to “ exclude others from the use and benefit ” of ownership , the broader definition includes the right of others “ not to be excluded ” from it .
In other words , while property , as traditionally understood , conveys a right to something that others may not take away from you , in this broader understanding it also includes the right of others to take it from you .
We have been here before : Shachar ’s view of property is rooted in the same soil as notions of “ positive freedoms ” and “ rights ” to social benefits , and is vulnerable to the same critique .
A right , in political terms , is a guarantee against interference from the state .
It can not also mean a claim for benefits from the state , since these require depriving others of their rights , notably to the enjoyment of property .
To speak of positive freedom is to bend the word freedom into its opposite , or at any rate to borrow on its credit , using its good name to enlist the listener ’s sympathy for quite different ideas .
As Isaiah Berlin reminded us , these other ideas may be as important as freedom ; they may even be more important than freedom ; but they are not the same thing as freedom .
The ills commonly ascribed to overpopulation are in fact the result of bad policy .
If property is defined in this unorthodox way , not as scarce resources that belong to individuals but as “ broad trusteeship ” over resources that belong to everyone , as “ co-owners and partners in a shared political community , ” then citizenship is indeed a form of property , and inherited citizenship is inherited property .
But if property is defined more conventionally , then it is hard to see citizenship in such terms .
Moreover , if you accept Shachar ’s non-exclusive definition of property , it weakens the case for taxing it : if a thing were equally available to all , we should have no need to take it from one to give to others .
Again , the point is not that the people of the richer nations should not feel a moral duty to devote a part of their incomes to aiding the world ’s poor — only that the case for entrenching this in law has not been made .
But it is a case that does not need making .
What is objectionable about inherited citizenship does not depend on it being defined as property , nor is taxation the only remedy for the unfairness of the birthright lottery and the arbitrary inequities to which it gives rise .
Rather , it is open to us to correct the injustice at its source : to eliminate birthplace , as much as bloodline , as criteria of eligibility ; to give everyone , no matter where they were born , an equal shot at citizenship .
This does not mean abolishing countries , or borders , or the idea that nation - states may sovereignly decide who to admit among their number .
Shachar is not a one - worlder , and neither am I .
Rather , it is to say that , in making such choices , they should not discriminate between people on the basis of such arbitrary factors as place of birth .
Nations , if they wish to be just , should define themselves as social contracts , open to anyone willing to abide by their conditions .
As Joseph Carens , Shachar ’s University of Toronto colleague , has argued , it is not wrong for states to set terms for membership in the polity .
I have some sympathy , for instance , with Shachar ’s proposed replacement for birthright privilege as the test of citizenship : a “ genuine connection ” principle , requiring some demonstrated commitment to the country through ongoing residence .
( At least , this seems a reason - able way to determine who retains citizenship status once it is lawfully acquired . )
What ’s wrong is to exclude a particular class of people from consideration at the outset — to prevent outsiders , although they assent to every word of the social contract , from being allowed to sign it .
Now do n’t be alarmed .
Nothing says we have to throw open the doors overnight .
There are legitimate “ lifeboat ” exceptions ( a lifeboat ’s existing passengers are not obliged to take more on board if to do so would swamp the lifeboat ) and practical constraints , in an age of macro- terrorism , on the numbers that could be processed through security checks each year .
But there would be no long - run preference for those born here , nor any automatic bar on others joining them from abroad .
The tendency would be toward equality of access , and the onus would be on those who wished to put limitations on this rule , not on those who sought to take advantage of it .
Certainly there is no reason to limit the overall numbers of Canadian citizens .
Every immigrant to Canada , as it has been said , brings two hands and a mouth : they are both workers and consumers , the supply to their own demand .
The ills commonly ascribed to overpopulation are in fact the result of bad policy — most often a failure to price scarce resources properly .
Get the prices right , as the economists say , and the most densely populated regions can be among the most liveable — indeed , higher density is widely prescribed as the secret to healthier cities .
This is obviously a very large argument , quite beyond the space available here .
Suffice it to say that Shachar and I are agreed on the injustice of birthright citizenship , even if we disagree on the remedy .
Shachar ’s solution is to send money to the poor of other lands .
Mine is to let them in .
I think my solution is preferable for a couple of reasons .
One , redistributing income is a lot different from redistributing opportunities .
We can give money to the world ’s poor , but they ’ll still be stuck in the same hellholes that made them poor in the first place , whereas opening the doors liberates them to participate in the same system of laws , etc. , that made us rich .
Two , if the redistribution Shachar envisages is not to be considered as aid , but as a legally binding obligation , the implication is precisely the sort of one - worldism she professes to abjure .
You ’d need some sort of supranational body with enforcement powers , which to be legitimate would require supranational elections ( “ no taxation without representation ” ) .
Good luck with that .
Be warned .
Shachar ’s prose style may best be described as feminist - brutalist .
Words such as reify , discourses , privileges ( as a verb ) and reconceptualizing crop up frequently , often in the same sentence .
The going is leaden , pretentious and mind - numbingly repetitive : the author never states a point once that she does not intend to beat into you dozens of times .
Still , Shachar makes an effective and impassioned case that we cannot avert our eyes from the injustice of current immigration law and the unearned privilege it confers upon the native - born majority .
It is not sufficient justification that it pleases us .
Andrew Coyne is a Canadian political columnist with , and editorial and comments editor of , the National Post and a member of the At Issue panel on CBC’s The National .
Related Letters and Responses Andrew Coyne ’s review of my book , The Birthright Lottery : Citizenship and Global Inequality , is smart and witty .
I enjoyed reading it .
Coyne accepts the core argument of the book , namely , that we can draw a fruitful analogy between birthright citizenship and inherited property .
So far , so good ; I hope all my readers , just like Coyne , agree that the established legal connection between station of birth and the distribution of political membership , wealth and opportunity can no longer be taken for granted , nor can it be ignored .
Coyne ’s recommended response ( “ let them [ the world ’s poor ] in ” ) diverges , however , from mine at three important levels .
First , my book ...
Shower water can contain harmful bacteria Showering may be bad for your health , say US scientists , who have shown that dirty shower heads can deliver a face full of harmful bacteria .
Tests revealed nearly a third of devices harbour significant levels of a bug that causes lung disease .
Levels of Mycobacterium avium were 100 times higher than those found in typical household water supplies .
M. avium forms a biofilm that clings to the inside of the shower head , reports the National Academy of Science .
If you are getting a face full of water when you first turn your shower on , that means you are probably getting a particularly high load of Mycobacterium avium , which may not be too healthy
Researcher Professor Norman Pace
In the Proceedings journal , the study authors say their findings might explain why there have been more cases of these lung infections in recent years , linked with people tending to take more showers and fewer baths .
Water spurting from shower heads can distribute bacteria - filled droplets that suspend themselves in the air and can easily be inhaled into the deepest parts of the lungs , say the scientists from the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Potential threat Lead researcher Professor Norman Pace , said : " If you are getting a face full of water when you first turn your shower on , that means you are probably getting a particularly high load of Mycobacterium avium , which may not be too healthy . "
While it is rarely a problem for most healthy people , those with weakened immune systems , like the elderly , pregnant women or those who are fighting off other diseases , can be susceptible to infection .
They may develop lung infection with M. avium and experience symptoms including tiredness , a persistent , dry cough , shortness of breath and weakness , and generally feel unwell .
When the researchers swabbed and tested 50 shower heads from nine cities in seven different states in the US , including New York City and Denver , they found 30 % of the devices posed a potential risk .
Since plastic shower heads appear to " load up " with more bacteria - rich biofilms , metal shower heads may be a good alternative , said Professor Pace .
Showers have also been identified as a route for spreading other infectious diseases , including a type of pneumonia called Legionnaires ' disease and chest infections with a bacterium called Pseudomonas aeruginosa .
Hot tubs and spa pools carry a similar infection risk , according to the Health Protection Agency .
A HPA spokesperson said : " This is an interesting paper which provides further information about the occurrence of opportunist organisms - germs which do not usually cause infections in humans - in the environment .
" These bacteria , which belong to the same family as TB , can be found in the environment and occasionally in water supplies but rarely cause disease in healthy people .
" Further work will need to look at whether finding these organisms is associated with any increased risk of infection . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the new features we 're really proud of in the Android 1.6 release is Quick Search Box for Android .
This is our new system - wide search framework , which makes it possible for users to quickly and easily find what they 're looking for , both on their devices and on the web .
It suggests content on your device as you type , like apps , contacts , browser history , and music .
It also offers results from the web search suggestions , local business listings , and other info from Google , such as stock quotes , weather , and flight status .
All of this is available right from the home screen , by tapping on Quick Search Box ( QSB ) .
What we 're most excited about with this new feature is the ability for you , the developers , to leverage the QSB framework to provide quicker and easier access to the content inside your apps .
Your apps can provide search suggestions that will surface to users in QSB alongside other search results and suggestions .
This makes it possible for users to access your application 's content from outside your application — for example , from the home screen .
The code fragments below are related to a new demo app for Android 1.6 called Searchable Dictionary .
The story before now : searching within your app
In previous releases , we already provided a mechanism for you to expose search and search suggestions in your app as described in the docs for SearchManager .
This mechanism has not changed and requires the following two things in your AndroidManifest.xml :
1 ) In your < activity > , an intent filter , and a reference to a searchable .xml file ( described below ) :
< intent - filter > < action android:name= " android.intent.action.SEARCH
" /> < category android:name= " android.intent.category.DEFAULT
" /> </intent-filter > < meta-data android:name= " android.app.searchable " android:resource =" @xml/searchable " />
2 ) A content provider that can provide search suggestions according to the URIs and column formats specified by the Search Suggestions section of the SearchManager docs :
<!--
Provides search suggestions for words and their definitions .
--> < provider android:name= " Dictionary Provider " android: authorities =" dictionary " android: syncable = " false " />
In the searchable .xml file , you specify a few things about how you want the search system to present search for your app , including the authority of the content provider that provides suggestions for the user as they type .
Here 's an example of the searchable.xml of an Android app that provides search suggestions within its own activities :
< searchable xmlns:android= " http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android " android:label=" @string/search_label " android:searchSuggestAuthority=" dictionary " android:searchSuggestIntentAction=" android.intent.action.VIEW " > </searchable >
Note that the android : searchSuggestAuthority attribute refers to the authority of the content provider we declared in AndroidManifest.xml .
For more details on this , see the Searchability Metadata section of the SearchManager docs .
Including your app in Quick Search Box
In Android 1.6 , we added a new attribute to the metadata for searchables : android:includeInGlobalSearch .
By specifying this as " true " in your searchable.xml , you allow QSB to pick up your search suggestion content provider and include its suggestions along with the rest ( if the user enables your suggestions from the system search settings ) .
You should also specify a string value for android : searchSettingsDescription , which describes to users what sorts of suggestions your app provides in the system settings for search .
< searchable xmlns:android= " http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android " android:label=" @string/search_label " android:searchSettingsDescription="@string/settings_description " android:includeInGlobalSearch=" true " android:searchSuggestAuthority=" dictionary " android:searchSuggestIntentAction=" android.intent.action.VIEW " > </searchable >
These new attributes are supported only in Android 1.6 and later .
What to expect
The first and most important thing to note is that when a user installs an app with a suggestion provider that participates in QSB , this new app will not be enabled for QSB by default .
The user can choose to enable particular suggestion sources from the system settings for search ( by going to " Search " > " Searchable items " in settings ) .
You should consider how to handle this in your app .
Perhaps show a notice that instructs the user to visit system settings and enable your app 's suggestions .
Once the user enables your searchable item , the app's suggestions will have a chance to show up in QSB , most likely under the " more results " section to begin with .
As your app 's suggestions are chosen more frequently , they can move up in the list .
Shortcuts
One of our objectives with QSB is to make it faster for users to access the things they access most often .
One way we 've done this is by ' shortcutting ' some of the previously chosen search suggestions , so they will be shown immediately as the user starts typing , instead of waiting to query the content providers .
Suggestions from your app may be chosen as shortcuts when the user clicks on them .
For dynamic suggestions that may wish to change their content ( or become invalid ) in the future , you can provide a ' shortcut id ' .
This tells QSB to query your suggestion provider for up - to - date content for a suggestion after it has been displayed .
For more details on how to manage shortcuts , see the Shortcuts section within the SearchManager docs .
QSB provides a really cool way to make your app 's content quicker to access by users .
To help you get your app started with it , we 've created a demo app which simply provides access to a small dictionary of words in QSB — it 's called Searchable Dictionary , and we encourage you to check it out .
By Hannah Richardson
Education reporter , BBC News
Xavier knew his times tables at the age of two - and - a - half An eight - year - old maths whizz is thought to be the youngest person to have obtained an A* in a GCSE .
Xavier Gordon - Brown from Haywards Heath , West Sussex , reads maths text books for pleasure and started his maths A - level the day of his GCSE exam .
His mother Erica says the youngster is a natural , knew his times tables by the age of two - and - a - half and could do large sums in his head by age four .
He also plays three musical instruments and speaks three languages .
Mrs Gordon - Brown insists he has not been pushed and she has always tried to keep a healthy balance .
" When he does something he likes to do it well but the exam did n't bother him .
To him it 's just maths .
" He has n't been hot - housed .
He sets himself very high standards and to be honest it can drive me to distraction sometimes . "
When he does n't get his brain exercised - he 's up and down and always doing handstands
Erica Gordon - Brown
She continues : " I tried to get him to give up just one of his activities recently because I could n't keep up with all the running around but he would n't hear of it . "
Xavier started work on his maths A - level , which he is planning to do over one year , the day he finished his GCSE exam .
Mrs Gordon - Brown says : " He is a happy little boy and he has a lovely personality - he 's very interested in trying new things .
" I tried to say to him to do the A - level in two years - we 'll just see how it all balances out . "
Xavier Gordon - Brown found the maths GCSE " easy " at the age of eight
But being clever is not always as easy as it may seem .
Xavier went to a local state school at the age of four , but his mother said the teachers - although they tried giving him extra work - could not do much for him .
He has since taken a year out of school .
' Bored stiff '
She says : " They could n't find enough for him to do , but he is going back in September at the age of nine .
" I know when he goes back he will be bored stiff . "
She says it can be tough being a parent because you never know if you are doing the right thing .
" What we have to keep teaching him is that some children learn at a slower pace because sometimes he can come out with things that are really rude .
" When he does n't get his brain exercised - he 's up and down and always doing handstands , " she says .
This is partly why he has been given extra tuition from specialised education centre Ryde Teaching , over the past year .
Dr Mike Ryde , who runs the college , says it would be cruel to hold pupils like Xavier back and not allow him to take exams like GCSEs early .
If a child wants to move forward and enjoys the subject then it is cruel to hold them back
Dr Mike Ryde
He says a lot of people feel uncomfortable about working with young children in this way but he feels it is all positive as long as the child is happy and keen to learn .
He has even run classes for toddlers as young as 18 - months - old .
" We genuinely believe it is better to offer children the opportunity to take these examinations across their academic career as opposed to cramming them all in at the end of the one year .
" If a child wants to move forward and enjoys the subject then it is cruel to hold them back . "
He says a lot of damage can be done when schools will not let a child move forward at their own pace .
He adds : " Learning is everything from having a cigarette behind the bike sheds to studying algebra . "
" We firmly believe that children can achieve much more than the system allows . "
And Xavier certainly has .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Triple H was a guest on Jimmy Fallon this week promoting the “ Raw vs Smackdown 2010 ” Video Game and WWE ’s Summer Slam PPV .
After his WWE styled intro things went downhill for Fallon , so much they took it to the ring .
Pretty funny stuff .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " ?
And those are the four things I need you to ask our VP of marketing . "
The Boss says , " Got it . "
Dilbert says , " Maybe you should write them down . "
The boss says , " I 'll remember . "
Dilbert says , " You have a lot on your mind .
A little note might be a good idea . "
The Boss says , " How hard is it to remember three things ? "
The boss says , " Sheesh ! " Dilbert says , " Four things !
There are four questions ! "
The Boss says , " Right , right .
There 's the one about the battery and the other two . "
Dilbert says , " There are four questions !
Four , four , four !!!
And none of them are about a battery ! "
Later that day
The boss says , " Should the new software have a battery ? "
Man says , " How would I know ? "
Many studies have suggested that a diet rich in fish is good for the heart .
Now there is new evidence that such a diet may ward off dementia as well .
One of the largest efforts to document a connection  and the first such study undertaken in the developing world  has found that older adults in Asia and Latin America were less likely to develop dementia if they regularly consumed fish .
And the more fish they ate , the lower their risk , the report found .
The findings appear in the August issue of The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
The study , which included 15,000 people 65 and older in China , India , Cuba , Venezuela , Mexico , Peru and the Dominican Republic , found that those who ate fish nearly every day were almost 20 percent less likely to develop dementia than those who ate fish just a few days a week .
Adults who ate fish a few days a week were almost 20 percent less likely to develop dementia than those who ate no fish at all .
“ There is a gradient effect , so the more fish you eat , the less likely you are to get dementia , ” said Dr. Emiliano Albanese , a clinical epidemiologist at King ’s College London and the senior author of the study .
“ Exactly the opposite is true for meat , ” he added .
“ The more meat you eat , the more likely you are to have dementia . ”
Other studies have shown that red meat in particular may be bad for the brain .
" ... most highly creative people are polymaths - they enjoy and excel at a range of challenging activities .
For instance , in a survey of scientists at all levels of achievement , the [ researchers ] found that only about one sixth report engaging in a secondary activity of an artistic or creative nature , such as painting or writing non-scientific prose .
In contrast , nearly all Nobel Prize winners in science have at least one other creative activity that they pursue seriously .
Creative breadth , the [ researchers ] argue , is an important but understudied component of genius . "
What is the difference between " intelligence " and " genius " ?
Creativity , of course !
There was an article recently in Scientific American that discussed creativity and the signs in children that were precursors to creative achievement in adulthood .
The authors cite some work done by Michigan State University researchers Robert and Michele Root - Bernstein , a collaboration of physiologist and theater instructor , who presented their findings at an annual meeting of the APA this past March .
Since I research creativity as well as intelligence , I found the points brought up in the article quite intriguing , yet not surprising .
One of the best observations stated in the article regarding achievement was this :
Everyone is fascinated by famous geniuses like Albert Einstein .
They speculate as to what made him so unique and brilliant , but no one has been able to identify exactly what " it " is .
If you mention " intelligence research " , the average person assumes you are speaking of that top 1 or 2 % , the IQs over 145 , the little kids you see on TV passing out during Spelling Bees , because they are freaking out from the pressure of having to spell antidisestablishmentarianism on a stage before hundreds of on - lookers .
But the reality is , most intelligence researchers do n't focus on the top 1 or 2 % , they look at the general population , of which the average score is 100 , and generally focus their attention on the lower to middle portion of the distribution .
There may be a multitude of reasons why most researchers focus their study on the lower end of the distribution ; one I can see is because the correlations between individual abilities measured on IQ tests and the actual overall ability level of the person taking the test are the strongest at that portion of the distribution - those IQ scores of 110 and below .
The point I just made I have made before ( which you will recognize if you read any of my pieces on intelligence ) , so nothing new there .
However , what I found especially promising about the work done by the Root - Bernsteins , is that instead of merely trying to analyze IQ scores , they actually looked at the attributes of successful , intelligent , creative people , and figured out what it was they had going for them that other highly intelligent people did not - essentially , what the difference was between " intelligent " and " genius " . ( the paper abstracts from the symposium describing their methods can be read here Now , some hard - core statistician - types may balk at their methods , screaming , " Case studies are not valid measures of intelligence ! " and to a certain degree , they have a point .
Yes , they initially looked at case studies of successful individuals , but then they surveyed scientists across multiple fields and found that the highest achievers in their domain ( as indicated by earning the Nobel Prize ) were skilled in multiple domains , at least one of these considered to be " creative " , such as music , art , or non-scientific writing .
We would probably consider most scientists to be intelligent .
But are they all geniuses ?
Do geniuses have the highest IQ scores ?
Richard Feynman is undeniably considered to be a genius .
While his IQ score was * only * around 120 - 125 , he was also an artist and a gifted communicator .
Was he less intelligent than someone with an IQ score of 150 ?
What we are doing here is challenging the very definition of " intelligence " .
What is it really ?
An IQ score ?
Computational ability ?
Being able to talk your way out of a speeding ticket ?
Knowing how to handle crisis effectively ?
Arguing a convincing case before a jury ?
Well , maybe all of the above .
Many moons ago , Dr Robert Sternberg , now the Dean of Arts and Sciences at Tufts University in Boston , brought this very argument to the psychology community .
And , to be honest , it was not exactly welcomed with open arms .
He , only one of which is measured on a typical IQ test , including the SAT and the GRE .
That is only the first part , analytical ability .
The second component is creativity , and the third component is practical ability , or being able to use your analytical skills and your creativity in order to effectively solve novel problems .
He called this the Triarchic Theory of Intelligence Fast - forwarding to the present , Dr Rex Jung , from the Mind Institute and the University of New Mexico in Alburquerque , published a paper earlier this year showing biochemical support for the (a necessary but sufficient level of intelligence is needed for successful creative achievement ) .
In a nutshell , he found that intelligence ( as most people measure it today ) is not enough to set a person apart and rise them to the level of genius .
Creativity is that essential component that not all intelligent people possess , but geniuses require .
Not all creative people are geniuses ( thus the Threshold Theory ) , but in order to reach genius status , creativity is a necessary attribute .
Someone could have an IQ of 170 , yet get lost inside of a paper bag , and not have the ability to hold a conversation with anyone other than a dog .
That is not my definition of genius .
We want to know what made geniuses like Einstein and Feynman so far ahead of their intelligent scientist peers , and the answer to that is creativity .
I am hoping that as more studies come out stating the importance of multi-disciplinary thinking and collaboration across domains for reaching the highest levels of achievements , that eventually the science community will fully embrace creativity research and see its validity in the study of successful intelligence .
As a society , we already recognize the importance of creativity in innovation and in the arts , so let 's take it a step further .
Give creativity the " street cred " it deserves as the defining feature that separates mere intelligence from utter genius .
﻿ The Fruit Is A Lie
We all know , I think , that a tomato is a fruit not a vegetable .
It ’s the sort of amazing fact printed on cereal boxes to amuse and entertain children with very low standards .
The distinction is , so I fuzzily recall , that fruit are part of reproduction , whereas a vegetable is any other botanical bit we eat .
Thus , fruit have seeds inside , veg do n’t — veg can be leaves ( cabbage ) , roots ( parsnip ) or buds ( sprouts ) .
The plot , however , thickened when I was cutting up strawberries — one of the few consolations for an English ‘ summer ’ — and idly wondered what the hell they were , since the seeds were on the outside .
Being the sort of know - it - all who watches QI I was also aware that many berries were not , technically and botanically speaking , berries .
A blackberry , for example , is actually an aggregate fruit composed of drupelets ( little flesh bits with just one seed inside ) .
Impress your friends with that .
So I was prepared for a shock , but not the magnitude of what I actually found .
Strawberries , you will be glad to know , are a ‘ false fruit ’ .
Which seems reasonable enough .
But at this point a small doubt started to grow in my mind ... what , actually , then , was a real fruit ?
Oranges ?
No , they ’re a modified berry .
Bananas ?
Leathery berry .
Plums ?
Drupe — fleshy bit with one stone inside .
Peaches , nectarines and mangos , similar .
Pineapple ?
Forget it — multiple fruit , incorporating the support that the original flowers all grow on , making it a pseudo - multiple - carp .
Although interestingly and cutely , they are pollinated by hummingbirds and bats .
( Not usually simultaneously . )
Apples , I thought .
Good old apples .
No .
They are pomes .
What is a pome ?
Well ,
It ’s a real fruit in the middle and a false fruit round the outside .
It ’s the real thing dressed up as a fake to avoid detection by the cops .
So is the pear .
No .
None of them are bloody fruit .
I feel so betrayed .
This is a diagram of dirty dirty fruit reproductive action .
Note that I am not fully comfortably with them displaying their reproductive organs like that , and spewing their pollen into the air freely , but I ca n’t seem to stop them .
A fruit — a ‘ true fruit ’ — is one where all tissues are derived from the plant ovary and this alone .
This includes peas .
Whereas strawberries , for example , also include some of the flesh from the peg that holds the ovary , disqualifying them from fruit status .
The apple gets its carpels involved as well as the ovary , leading to a kinky pome .
‘ True berries ’ are also ‘ true fruits ’ , but not the other way round .
Grapes , currants ( red and black ) , elder - and gooseberries are all proper upstanding berries which will not deceive you or smuggle themselves into your house in pies before stealing your silver while you sleep .
In fact , the only ‘ true ’ fruit I can find that ’s not a berry but is , kind of , a fruit ( more so than peas anyway ) is the tomato again .
Maybe those cereal box authors did know what they were on about after all .
I can only conclude it makes the biologists feel special , because they know something we do n’t know .
Something physicists would never do .
Now if you ’ll excuse me , I ’m off to look for the most charmed particle I can find .
I intend to see if I can cause it to decay into strangeness .
Inspired by the hyper realistic paintings of the 15th - Century Flemish masters , Laurie Lipton has developed a unique , decidedly painterly graphic technique using a permanent - point pencil .
At first glance her drawings look like photographs , upon further inspection many thousands of distinct , precise , cross - hatched pencil - strokes , build up the rich and monochromatic tones .
While working exclusively in black and white ( “ because those are the colours of memories and phantoms ” she says ) her unsettling and macabre images resonate a slanted psychological realm where rooms are ghost traps filled with yearning souls , secret fears and disturbing memories .
If you ’re a born again Christian and you want to sport a T - shirt telling the world how God saved a sinner like yourself , you might wear a shirt that says something like “ Saved ” or “ Ex- sinner . ”
Well , one Christian organization , ( the Passion for Christ Movement , otherwise known by its hip street name the P4CM ) took the “ ex - Sinner ” concept and decided to get more specific .
How specific ?
Well they have shirts that read “ Ex-hypocrite , ” which as we all know is a good example of sin .
Another says “ Ex-atheist , ” I can see the validity of that shirt from their point of view .
There ’s the “ Ex- fornicator ” , and you know that will make all you ladies more popular at parties .
And , of course , my favorite , “ Ex-masturbator . ”
Yes this group encourages young Christians to sport shirts that say “ Ex-masturbator . ”
I repeat again , WTF , WTF , WTF ?
Gosh !
Really ?
Do we really need to see a T - shirt that lets us know you ’ve quit spanking it ?
At the risk of sounding like an old codger – when I was a teenager , everybody was doing it ; we just had the decency to lie about it .
I liked it that way .
Later on as I got older , I read more .
I figured out everyone was doing it too .
But you did n’t see me wear a freakin’ shirt about it !
Now , please do n’t take this as a send up of any born - again ideology .
I do n’t want to debate with anybody on whether the things on the T - shirts are sins .
That ’s not the issue .
The issue is whether we need a T - shirt with that much freakin ’ information .
So please save the comments .
You have every right to practice and preach whatever you want on your T - shirts .
I just have the right to make fun of them .
And if you admit to me that you ’ve stroked it – even if Jesus helped you stop – I ’m going to tease you .
I ca n’t help it ; it ’s the 13 - year - old kid in me .
And for the record : if you are a dude between the ages of 13 and 18 , and you have a shirt that says “ Ex- masturbator ” on it , you ’re not advertising you ’re a reformed sinner you ’re just showing everyone you are currently full of crap .
In the last eight days , the decriminalization of drug possession has gone into effect for 150 million Latin Americans .
Last Thursday , as part of a broader bill , Mexico ( pop. 110 million ) decriminalized the possession of small amounts of all drugs through the legislative process .
Four days later , the Argentine Supreme Court declared unconstitutional that country 's law criminalizing drug possession .
While the Argentine case involved marijuana possession , the ruling clears the way for the government to draft a new law decriminalizing all drug possession .
Latin America map ( usaid.gov )
The shift in policies toward drug users in the two countries is a dramatic indication of the seismic shift in drug policy already well underway in Latin America .
Colombia 's high court declared the law against drug possession unconstitutional in 1994 .
Brazil has had a version of decriminalization since 2006 -- users cannot be imprisoned , but can be forced into treatment , educational programs , or community service -- and Uruguay now allows judges to determine if someone in possession of drugs intended to use them or sell and to act accordingly .
Movement toward decriminalization is also underway in Ecuador .
That reformist zeitgeist is perhaps best encapsulated in the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , led by former presidents Cesar Gaviria of Colombia , Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , and Enrique Cardoso of Brazil .
In its report earlier this year , Drugs and Democracy : Toward a Paradigm Shift , the commission called for decriminalization of drug use , especially marijuana , and treating drug use as a public health -- not a law enforcement -- issue .
A similar commission got underway in Brazil last week .
" Decriminalization permits a distinction between users and drug traffickers , " said John Walsh of the Washington Office on Latin America .
" This allows governments to focus their efforts in reducing the terrible harms caused by the big criminal networks and the violence related to the illicit traffic , instead of repressing users and small - scale dealers . "
" What 's happened in Mexico and now Argentina is very consistent with the broader trend in Europe and Latin America in terms of decriminalizing small amounts of drugs and promoting alternatives to incarceration and a public health approach for people struggling with drug addiction , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
" The decision in Argentina reminds me of similar rulings in Colombia more than a decade ago and in Germany before that , and , more generally , what 's been going on in the Netherlands , Portugal , and Switzerland .
In some cases , there is a legal or constitutional notion about personal sovereignty or autonomy , but there is also a recognition of the failures of the drug war approach vis a vis low - level offenders .
There is a kind of human rights element that you see popping up in both contexts , " Nadelmann said .
But the devil is in the details .
Mexico 's decriminalization , for example , comes as part of a broader law aimed at " narcomenudeo , " or small - scale drug dealing .
In addition to decriminalizing drug possession , the law for the first time allows state and local authorities to arrest and prosecute drug offenders .
Previously , such powers had been the sole province of federal authorities .
The new law also allows police to make undercover drug buys , a power they did not previously possess .
( To read the full text of the law in Spanish , go to page 83 of the Official Daily . )
Under the Mexican law , the amounts of various drugs decriminalized are as follows :
opium -- 2 grams
cocaine -- 1/2 gram
heroin -- 1/10 gram
marijuana -- 5 grams
LSD -- 150 micrograms
methamphetamine -- 1/5 gram
ecstasy -- 1/5 gram
For Mexican drug reformers , the law is definitely a mixed bag .
The Collective for an Integral Drug Policy , a Mexico City - based reform think - tank , felt compelled to note that while " the law represents certain advances ... it could have very negative consequences for the country " because the public health and human rights perspectives are not implicated strongly enough in it .
While the collective applauded the law 's distinctions between consumer , addict , and criminal ; its rejection of forced drug treatment , its lip service to harm reduction , and its recognition of the traditional , ritual use of some substances , it challenged other aspects of the law .
" It focuses on intensifying a military and police strategy that has proven to be a failure , " the collective said , alluding to the more than 12,000 people killed in prohibition - related violence since President Felipe Calderon unleashed the military against the cartels in December 2006 .
" The law will criminalize a vast group of people who make a living off the small - time dealing of drugs , but who in reality do not consciously form part of organized crime , " but who are instead merely trying to make a living , the collective argued .
" Imprisoning them will not diminish the supply of drugs on the street , nor will it improve public security , yet it will justify the war on drugs , since the government will be able to boast of the number of people incarcerated with this policy . "
" Mexican decriminalization will have no impact whatsoever on the broader issues of drug trafficking and violence , " agreed Nadelmann .
" From the legal and institutional perspective , this is very , very significant , but in terms of actual impact on the ground in Mexico , that remains to be seen . "
The collective also criticized the law 's provision allowing police to make drug buys to nab small - time dealers and warned that the small quantities of drugs decriminalized " are not realistic " and will as a consequence lead to " a significant increase in corruption and extortion of consumers by police forces . "
University of Texas - El Paso anthropologist Howard Campbell , who has studied the street drug scene across the river in Ciudad Juarez , was more cynical .
" It was a good move by the government to make that distinction between users and traffickers , but I 'm not sure what the effects of the law will be , " he said .
" All over Mexico , cops prey on junkies , and one effect of this might be to give low - down junkies a bit of a break from the cops .
On the other hand , street - level drug dealing is often controlled by the cops ... but if the cops are corrupt and in control , it does n't really matter what the law says . "
Campbell also doubted the new law would have much effect in reducing the prohibition - related violence .
" I do n't think it will have much initial impact , but still , the overarching importance of this law is symbolic .
It shows that governments can revamp their policies , not just keep on working with failed ones , " he said .
In Argentina , the situation is less dire and the reform is less ambiguous .
On Tuesday , the Argentine Supreme Court , ratifying a series of lower court decisions in recent years , declared that the section of the country 's drug law that criminalizes drug possession is unconstitutional .
While the ruling referred only to marijuana possession , the portion of the law it threw out makes no distinction among drugs .
The decision came in the Arriola case , in which a group of young men from the provincial city of Rosario were each caught with small amounts of marijuana , arrested , and convicted .
Under Argentina 's 1989 drug law , they faced up to two years in prison .
But imprisoning people absent harm to others violated constitutional protections , a unanimous court held .
" Each individual adult is responsible for making decisions freely about their desired lifestyle without state interference , " their ruling said .
" Private conduct is allowed unless it constitutes a real danger or causes damage to property or the rights of others .
The state cannot establish morality . "
" It is significant that the ruling was unanimous , " said Martin Jelsma , coordinator of the Drugs and Democracy program at the Transnational Institute , which has worked closely with Latin American activists and politicians on drug reform issues .
" It confirms the paradigm shift visible throughout the continent , which recognizes that drug use should be treated as a public health matter instead of , as in the past , when all involved , including users , were seen as criminals . "
That paradigm shift has also occurred within the current Argentine government of President Cristina Kirchner , which favors a public health approach to drug use .
The government has been waiting on this decision before moving forward with a bill that would decriminalize possession of small quantities of all drugs .
" The declaration of the unconstitutionality of the application of the drug law for marijuana possession is a great advance since it eliminates the repressive arm from a problem that should be confronted with public health policies , " said Intercambios , an Argentine harm reduction organization .
" Whatever retreat in the application of the criminal law in relation to drug users is positive ; not only to stop criminalizing and stigmatizing users , but to permit the advance of educational , social , and health responses that are appropriate for this phenomenon . "
Some Argentine harm reductionists warned that while the ruling was of transcendent importance , its real impact would be measured by its effect on the policies of the state .
" In the vertical sense , it should oblige all the judges in the country to take heed of this declaration of the unconstitutionality of punishing drug possession for personal use , " said Silvia Inchaurraga of the Argentine Harm Reduction Association ( ARDA ) .
" In the horizontal sense , it should force all the agencies of the state involved in drug policy to redefine their involvement to guarantee that they do not fail to comply with international human rights treaties subscribed to by the country , " she added .
For the Argentine section of the global cannabis nation , it was a happy day .
" Wow !
This feels like honest good vibrations from the Supreme Court and the government , " said Argentine marijuana activist Mike Bifari .
" They really do have this new policy of generally being more tolerant and talking about human rights in the drug issue nationally and internationally , instead of that tired old war on drugs . "
The Supreme Court decision will pave the way to full decriminalization , he said .
" Although this was a marijuana case , the current law is about all types of drugs , " said Bifari .
" Now we have to wait for the government 's scientific committee to come up with a draft of a new drug law , and that will be the government 's bill in the congress .
We think there are going to be lot of media debates and lots of discussion , and what we will try to do is to occupy all the different cultural spaces and try to advance on issues such as access and medical marijuana . "
And so the wheel turns , and the United States and its hard - line drug policies are increasingly isolated in the hemisphere .
As anthropologist Campbell noted , " This is happening all over Latin America .
You'd think we might be able to do it here , too . "
hmmm..lets see , standard master lock yeah , I can pick this .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
This formic acid-mediated deoxygenation reaction converts glycerol and other unwanted biomass byproducts into feedstocks for commodity chemicals .
It could enable biomass to serve as a renewable replacement for petrochemicals .
Credit : Graphic courtesy of Elena Arceo
In revisiting a chemical reaction that 's been in the literature for several decades and adding a new wrinkle of their own , researchers with Berkeley Lab and the University of California ( UC ) Berkeley have discovered a mild and relatively inexpensive procedure for removing oxygen from biomass .
This procedure , if it can be effectively industrialized , could allow many of today 's petrochemical products , including plastics , to instead be made from biomass .
" We 've found and optimized a selective , one - pot deoxygenation technique based on a formic acid treatment , " said Robert Bergman , a co-principal investigator on this project who holds a joint appointment with Berkeley Lab's Chemical Sciences Division and the UC Berkeley Chemistry Department .
The formic acid , Bergman said , converts glycerol , a major and unwanted by - product in the manufacturing of biodiesel , into allyl alcohol , which is used as a starting material in the manufacturing of polymers , drugs , organic compounds , herbicides , pesticides and other chemical products .
Allyl alcohol today is produced from the oxidation of petroleum .
Said Jonathan Ellman , a UC Berkeley chemistry professor and the other principal investigator in this research , " Right now , about five percent of the world 's supply of petroleum is used to make feedstocks that are synthesized into commodity chemicals .
If these feedstocks can instead be made from biomass they become renewable and their production will no longer be a detriment to the environment . "
Biomass has been drawing wide public attention for its potential to be converted into carbon - neutral biofuels , but there is also huge potential for it to be converted into chemical feedstocks .
It is safe to say that a day does not go by without each of us making use of multiple petrochemical products .
Feedstocks for such products obtained from biomass rather than petroleum would be renewable as well as biodegradable .
However , unlike petrochemical feedstocks , which are made by adding oxygen to petroleum , biomass feedstocks require the removal of oxygen from the raw material .
Bergman and Ellman , working with Elena Arceo , a Fulbright scholar from Spain , and Peter Marsden , a UC Berkely graduate student , used labeling experiments and a unique distillation system to take a new look at an old chemical reaction in which formic acid , the chemical found in bee venom , was used to remove oxygen from glycerol .
In its original conception , the reaction was low - yielding , primarily because of substantial charring , an unselective combustion that leads to an intractable mixture under high heat .
Bergman and Ellman found that simply protecting this reaction from air provided a much improved process for the deoxygenation of glycerol .
Said Bergman , " Treating glycerol with formic acid while directing a stream of nitrogen through the reaction mixture completely eliminates charring .
Besides protecting the product from atmospheric oxidation , the nitrogen also facilitates distillation of the alcohol .
The final product shows substantially improved yield ( 80 - percent ) and higher selectivity . "
Said Ellman , " From our studies we also gained a much better understanding of the basic chemistry behind the reaction .
We thought that the charring was a random oxidation process because the reaction had been carried out in air and we expected that running it in a nitrogen environment would improve things .
However , in studying the basic chemistry we uncovered an unexpected reaction pathway that really broadens the generality of this reaction and expands its potential applications . "
With this new reaction pathway , the formic acid-mediated deoxygenation technique developed by Bergman and Ellman could be used to convert the carbohydrates in biomass , as well as other polyhdroxy compounds , into the chemical feedstocks , such as olefins ( alkenes ) that are now derived from petroleum .
The technique could also prove useful in the process by which biomass is converted into liquid transportation fuels .
Said Bergman , " Our preliminary results with inexpensive biomass - derived polyols suggest that the reaction of polyhydroxy compounds with formic acid will be a valuable alternative for the manufacture of reduced oxygen content products .
However , scaling this technique up so that biomass feedstocks are competitive with feedstocks derived from petroleum is going to be an engineering challenge . "
Added Ellman , " Scaling the technique up to industrial levels is probably going to require the combined efforts of industrial and academic laboratories , but if we are able to one day make commodity chemicals as well as fuels from biomass , we can protect the atmosphere from further damage and at the same time help lower current carbon dioxide levels . "
Source : DOE / Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Explore further Nature 's own chemical plant
A year ago Lucid announced the Hydra 100 : a physical chip that could enable hardware multi-GPU without any pesky SLI / Crossfire software , game profiles or anything like that .
At a high level what Lucid 's technology does is intercept OpenGL / DirectX commands from the CPU to the GPU and load balance them across any number of GPUs .
The final buffers are read back by the Lucid chip and sent to primary GPU for display .
The technology sounds flawless .
You do n't need to worry about game profiles or driver support , you just add more GPUs and they should be perfectly load balanced .
Even more impressive is Lucid 's claim that you can mix and match GPUs of different performance levels .
For example you could put a GeForce GTX 285 and a GeForce 9800 GTX in parallel and the two would be perfectly load balanced by Lucid 's hardware ; you 'd get a real speedup .
Eventually , Lucid will also enable multi-GPU configurations from different vendors ( e.g. one NVIDIA GPU + one AMD GPU ) .
At least on paper , Lucid 's technology has the potential to completely eliminate all of the multi-GPU silliness we 've been dealing with for the past several years .
Today , Lucid is announcing the final set of hardware that will be shipping within the next ~ 30 days .
The MSI Big Bang , a P55 motherboard with Lucid 's Hydra 200
It 's called the Hydra 200 and it will first be featured on MSI 's Big Bang P55 motherboard .
Unlike the Hydra 100 we talked about last year , 200 is built on a 65 nm process node instead of 130nm .
The architecture is widely improved thanks to much more experience with the chip on Lucid 's part .
There are three versions of the Hydra 200 : the LT22114 , the LT22102 and the LT22114 .
The only difference between the chips are the number of PCIe lanes .
The lowest end chip has a x8 connection to the CPU / PCIe controller and two x8 connections to GPUs .
The midrange LT22102 has a x16 connection to the CPU and two x16 connections for GPUs .
And the highest end solution , the one being used on the MSI board , has a x16 to the CPU and then a configurable pair of x16s to GPUs .
You can operate this controller in 4 x8 mode , 1 x16 + 2 x8 or 2 x16 .
It 's all auto sensing and auto - configurable .
The high end product will be launching in October , with the other two versions shipping into mainstream and potentially mobile systems some time later .
Lucid would n't tell us the added cost on a motherboard but Lucid gave us the guidance of around $ 1.50 per PCIe lane .
The high end chip has 48 total PCIe lanes , which puts the premium at $ 72 .
The low end chip has 24 lanes , translating into a $ 36 cost for the Hydra 200 chip .
Note that since the Hydra 200 has an integrated PCIe switch , there 's no need for extra chips on the motherboard ( and of course no SLI licensing fees ) .
The first implementation of the Hydra 200 will be on MSI 's high end P55 motherboard , so we can expect prices to be at the upper end of the spectrum .
With enough support , we could see that fall into the upper mainstream segment .
Lucid specs the Hydra 200 at a 6W TDP .
Also unlike last year , we actually got real seat time with the Hydra 200 and MSI 's Big Bang .
Even better : we got to play on a GeForce GTX 260 + ATI Radeon HD 4890 running in multi-GPU mode .
Of course with two different GPU vendors , we need Windows 7 to allow both drivers to work at the same time .
Lucid 's software runs in the background and lets you enable / disable multi-GPU mode :
If for any reason Lucid can't run a game in multi-GPU mode , it will always fall back to working on a single GPU without any interaction from the end user .
Lucid claims to be able to accelerate all DX9 and DX10 games , although things like AA become easier in DX10 since all hardware should resolve the same way .
NVIDIA and ATI running in multi-GPU mode on a single system
There are a lot of questions about performance and compatibility , but honestly we can't say much on that until we get the hardware ourselves .
We were given some time to play with the system and can say that it at least works .
Lucid only had two games installed on the cross-vendor GPU setup : Bioshock and FEAR 2 .
There are apparently more demos at the show floor , we 'll try and bring more impressions from IDF later this week .
Dear Colleagues :
As you know , I am opposed to all violence .
See , e.g. , A Commentary on Violence ( podcast ) , A Comment on Violence , More on Violence and Animal Rights , and On Vivisection and Violence .
That has been a consistent theme in my work for many years .
I oppose all violence — including violence against property .
Those who claim that there is such a thing as destroying a building or engaging in a break - in that does not result in harm or the risk of harm to sentient beings ( humans and nonhumans alike ) are simply deluding themselves .
For the reasons that I have stated on numerous occasions , I regard violence as the problem and not as any part of the solution and I encourage those who are concerned about animal exploitation to go vegan and to engage in creative , non-violent vegan education .
I just took a look at the website of the Animal Liberation Front , which I had not looked at in a while .
It is really quite remarkable .
According to the Alf “ credo ” :
The Animal Liberation Front ( ALF ) carries out direct action against animal abuse in the form of rescuing animals and causing financial loss to animal exploiters , usually through the damage and destruction of property .
The credo also says :
Any group of people who are vegetarians or vegans and who carry out actions according to ALF guidelines have the right to regard themselves as part of the ALF .
Okay , let me see if I have this right .
If you are a vegetarian — if you consume milk , ice cream , cheese , eggs , etc. — you have the ALF ’s blessing to destroy property in its name .
Now I do not think that you should be engaging in violence even if you are vegan , but it is beyond bewildering to me that anyone could suggest that people who are actively engaged in animal exploitation themselves by not being vegan could think it even remotely acceptable that they should be engaged in acts of violence against other people involved in animal exploitation .
But wait .
There ’s more .
There is a Saints Alive link that features many non-vegan ( or non-vegetarian ) celebrities and public figures , including those who have promoted or endorsed animal products .
And they have links to almost every welfarist organization that promotes “ happy ” meat / animal products .
So people who exploit animals and who support other animal exploiters claim to be militants with the right to engage in violence against other animal exploiters .
The level of confusion here is profound .
I have often argued that those who support violence cannot coherently claim that we ought to target institutional exploiters because it is we , the consumers , who create the demand for animal products .
The solution is education to shift the moral paradigm .
There is no other realistic solution .
The pro-violence people get violently angry when I make that argument and they call me all sorts of names and , unfortunately , some of them threaten and harass those who express support for nonviolence .
I now see why .
They would all have to put on their balaclavas and do violence against each other if they accepted my position .
Go vegan .
It ’s easy ; it ’s better for you ; it ’s better for the planet ; and , most importantly , it ’s the morally right thing to do .
And , at least as far as I am concerned , animal rights and ethical veganism represent a commitment to non-violence .
Gary L. Francione
©2009 Gary L. Francione
It starts with choosing a framework which especially supports unit testing ( NanoContainer , PicoContainer , Spring , Guice , EJB 3 etc. ) .
No one can argue against that .
A framework always introduces additional complexity and dependency on the infrastructure , but the increase of test coverage is good for the quality on the other hand and outweights the bloat in general .
After the introduction of such a framework , developers tend to foget about the actual reason of its introduction - the testability .
Although every single layer could be easily replaced , mocked and unit tested , it actually happens only rarely .
In fact the majority of projects do not use the testing capabilities of the particular framework at all .
Not only the test coverage is poor , but especially the quality as well :
Only service / transaction boundaries are tested .
The classes behind the facades are not .
It is actually functional testing , not unit testing .
The actual benefits of the " test first " frameworks are not leveraged .
In continuus integration environments the majority of the tests is even commented out .
With this approach sun will always shine in hudson land :-) .
Only trivial , CRUD - like use cases are tested at all - the hard stuff not .
It is mostly driven by the QAs .
Mocks are only used for trivial cases .
Assert statements are only used rarely - sometimes only a subset like Assert. true .
System.out .
println still rules .
I recognized the discrepance between articles , conferences and the reality several years ago .
At the conferences the gurus told you how to practice " test first " , in reality I was happy about enforcing usable tests at functional level .
At the beginning I thought that it is only my unlucky experience , but I began to ask during conferences , workshops and trainings about the mismatch .
I saw only few projects with good test coverage and pragmatic tests so far .
These were actually not business projects , rather than frameworks or technical libraries , which are far easier to test ( the developer is the domain expert at the same time ) .
Actually no one answered the survey positively .
But : is your real world , business project ( =frequently changing requirements , lot of pressure , not academia ) well unit - tested ?
If yes - drop me an email - you will be the first :-) .
But then I would like to see the tests as well .
Knowing the gap it is actually better to prescribe the testing of only the crucial things and expecti high quality here .
80 % + test coverage with crappy unit tests and green bars cause more damage , than use .
Why Schizophrenia Driven Design ?
Look at the definition : " ... a mental disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality .
It most commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations , paranoid or bizarre delusions , or disorganized speech and thinking with significant social [ teams ] or occupational dysfunction .
Onset of symptoms typically occurs in young adulthood , [ 1 ] with approximately 0.4–0.6 % [ this is not true in software engineering - I would say about 80 % of projects are affected so far ] of the population affected .
Diagnosis is based on the patient 's self - reported experiences and observed behavior [ or retrospectives :-) ] .
No laboratory test for schizophrenia currently exists .... [ except greenbars without asserts , but with 5MB System.out. println :-) ] "
[ see also " Real World Java EE Patterns - Rethinking Best Practices " book for examples and more detailed - pattern specific unit test discussion ]
There 's a lot to keep track of on September 9 , with an Apple press conference and the release of The Beatles : Rock Band game .
But we'd be remiss if we did n't call attention to the upcoming 10th anniversary of one of the best - loved game consoles of all time .
It was 10 years ago tomorrow ( September 9 , 1999 ) that Sega released the Dreamcast in North America .
Remembered primarily by video game history buffs now , this unassuming white box helped introduce some mainstays of the modern game console -- even though the Dreamcast itself had a very short lifespan .
This was the first game system to include a standard built - in 56 K modem ( this was pre-broadband for most people ) .
It was n't widely taken advantage of , but some early games , such as the amusing Chu Chu Rocket , proved that multiplayer gaming could work in the living room .
More traditional games such as Quake III Arena and Phantasy Star Online also made use of the Dreamcast modem .
All but forgotten now , a Dreamcast Web browser was also available .
Unfortunately for Sega , the $ 199 Dreamcast would prove to be the end of the line for the company as a console maker .
The storied lineage of the Sega Master System , Genesis , and Saturn hit a wall as the Dreamcast was quickly overshadowed by the Sony PlayStation 2 .
The system was discontinued in 2001 .
History aside , I have a personal fondness for the Dreamcast , as it was the very first game console launch I covered .
Back in 1999 , I was an editor at a video game and pop culture Web site called UGO.com ( which is still around , and currently owned by Hearst ) .
At the time , we were appropriately impressed with Sega 's next step in console hardware , but the steady buzz building over an upcoming uberconsole called the PlayStation 2 quickly drowned out any good will Sega had with gamers .
Besides being my first console launch as a writer covering the games industry , the Dreamcast is also burned in my memory because of my frequent in - office throwdowns with UGO 's then - mascot , diminutive actor Gary Coleman .
Gary ( the subject of the first - ever Web - a - thon fundraiser ) was particularly adept at the fighting game Soul Calibur , and even against a room full of 20 - something editors at a video - game - themed Web site , we were lucky if we took him down one time out of 10 ( which would inevitably lead to a profanity - filled tirade ) .
If this trip down memory lane has you hungry for more Dreamcast nostalgia , embedded below is an episode of a video game history program from a few years ago that features several talking heads ( myself included ) pontificating about Sega 's last - ever console .
( CNN ) -- A Florida man admitted to reporters that he killed his wife and five " innocent " children , adding that he wants to be executed " right away " so he can be buried with them on Saturday .
Mesac Damas spoke with reporters in Haiti , saying a " spirit " drove him to kill his wife and children .
Mesac Damas , 32 , said he wanted to take his own life , but did not have the courage to go through with it , " because if you kill yourself , you 're not going to heaven . "
Damas made the statements to a Naples Daily News reporter as he was being led into a Haitian police vehicle in Port - au - Prince .
Damas was returned to the United States late Tuesday following his capture in Haiti .
Damas faces six counts of premeditated first - degree murder in the deaths of his wife , Guerline Damas , 32 ; and the couple 's five children -- Michzach , 9 ; Marven , 6 ; Maven , 5 ; Megan , 3 ; and Morgan , 11 months , police have said .
The six bodies were found Saturday in the family 's North Naples , Florida , home after relatives called police saying they had not been heard from .
Asked by the reporter in Haiti why he killed his family , Damas responded , " Only God knows . "
Questioned further , he blamed the crime on his mother - in - law .
" Her mom pretty much made me do it -- the devil , her spirit , whatever she worships , " he said .
Watch what Damas has to say »
Damas added , " When I did it , [ my ] eyes [ were ] closed but right now my eyes are open . "
He repeatedly asked the reporter , " Do you believe in Jesus Christ , " and stated , " The devil exists . "
Police said an arrest warrant was issued for Damas on Tuesday " based on information and evidence collected thus far in the investigation and statements made by Damas to a federal agent after his detention in Haiti . "
Police have not said how the five were killed , but Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk described the scene as " horrific . "
The Naples Daily News , citing the warrant , reported that the woman and children were stabbed and their throats were slashed .
Damas had used a one - way ticket to fly from Miami to Haiti .
Later , he told reporters that he had gone to Haiti to say goodbye to his family .
He claimed that he had planned to turn himself in .
Police had asked the FBI and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for help in locating Damas .
The FBI 's legal attaché in the Dominican Republic notified authorities in Collier County , Florida , that a man believed to be Damas was taken into custody Monday by the Haitian National Police .
" Information obtained by [ the sheriff 's office ] shows Damas was found hiding near a hotel in the capital city of Port - au - Prince , " a sheriff 's statement said Tuesday .
Watch In Session 's report on Damas ' detention in Haiti »
Police earlier said the judge who signed the arrest warrant ordered that Damas be held without bond upon his return to Florida .
If convicted of six counts of first - degree murder , Damas could face life in prison or the death penalty .
Mesac and Guerline Damas had a history of domestic violence , police said .
Mesac Damas was arrested in January , and in June he pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery charges against his wife .
Police said they did not believe he served any jail time , and did not think a restraining order was currently in place regarding the couple .
However , an arrest warrant was issued Monday for Damas on charges of violating probation stemming from the January arrest .
Guerline Damas ' family released a statement Tuesday through the sheriff 's office , saying she was " the best mother , sister and daughter in the world .
She was caring and loving , and we miss her very much . "
" This is a family tragedy and we want the community to realize that domestic violence is a serious issue , " said the statement from the family .
" If you have friends or family who are in an abusive relationship , please try to get them help .
And to those women who are being abused , please love yourself enough to get help . "
The family said its main concern was getting Damas back into the country " to face what he has done and get justice for our sister and daughter and her children .
...
We ask that you keep our family in your prayers . "
The Damases had been married about 10 years , Rambosk said .
He did not know how long they had lived in Naples .
The six bodies were found about 6:30 p.m.
Saturday , a day after police had visited the home to check on the family , Collier County sheriff 's Capt .
Chris Roberts said .
A family member had asked police to conduct a welfare check on the home Friday , saying they had not heard from a resident there , Roberts said .
Responding officers knocked on the door and got no answer , he said , but they saw nothing that aroused their suspicions .
The following morning , the family member became more concerned and filed a missing persons report , Rambosk said .
Later , authorities requested a key to the house from property management , as well as authorization to enter .
All About Murder and Homicide • Miami • Haiti
Tom Ridge 's new book has some former Bush White House staffers scratching their heads .
Bush vets dismiss Ridge claims
Top officials from the George W. Bush White House are disputing claims in former Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge ’s coming book that they pressured him to adjust the terror threat level for political gain .
“ We went over backwards repeatedly and with great discipline to make sure politics did not influence any national security and homeland security decisions , ” former White House chief of staff Andy Card told POLITICO .
“ The clear instructions were to make sure politics never influenced anything . ”
Advertisement
“ I ’m a little mystified , ” former homeland security adviser Fran Townsend added in an interview .
“ Never in my experience did I see any political influence exerted on the cabinet secretary . ”
According to promotional materials for Ridge ’s coming book , “ The Test of Our Times : America Under Siege … And How We Can Be Safe Again , ” the ex-homeland security secretary and governor of Pennsylvania accuses the Bush White House of pushing him to “ raise the national security alert just before the 2004 Election . ”
A description for the book on the publisher ’s website also says Ridge “ was pressured to connect homeland security to the international ‘ war on terror ’ ” and that he “ pushed for a plan ( defeated because of turf wars ) to integrate DHS and FEMA disaster management in New Orleans and other areas before Hurricane Katrina . ”
Townsend said Thursday that the accusations do not match her recollection of events and that any suggestion that the White House ’s political team tried to alter the threat level is untrue .
“ Under no circumstance was Tom Ridge or anyone else directed to change the threat level , ” Townsend said .
“ It did n’t work that way , and it certainly did n’t work that way in 2004 .
It was always an apolitical process . ”
Ridge did not respond to numerous requests for comment from POLITICO and a number of former top political and national security officials within the Bush administration declined to respond to Ridge , referring POLITICO to Card and Townsend .
“ At no point when I was working with him did he express concerns about the raising or the lowering of the threat alert level , ” Townsend said .
Townsend and Card also said that the process used to change the terror threat level made almost any claim of political influence impossible .
Both said any change originated with DHS and was then referred to the National Security Council .
The NSC then made a recommendation to the president which was then either agreed to or rejected .
Card insisted that he does not “ remember the president ever overturning a recommendation ” from DHS and NSC on any adjustment to the threat level .
“ That would definitely be an overstatement because to my knowledge the president always took the advice of the National Security Council , ” Card said of Ridge ’s claim .
“ I remember saying ‘ no decisions are going to be based on politics ’ ” regarding the threat levels .
Card also disputed Ridge ’s claim about a plan to specifically integrate DHS and FEMA disaster relief prior to Katrina .
“ He did have a reorganization plan , and there was a huge debate that I ’m not sure was limited to FEMA , ” Card said .
“ It was about do we reorganize all these offices . ”
“ There were lots of discussions around the bureaucracy of DHS , ” the former White House chief of staff said .
“ Literally all of Tom Ridge ’s world belonged to someone else prior to his becoming secretary . ”
Townsend said she tried to reach out to Ridge before speaking with POLITICO , but was told he is on vacation .
She said though that a number of ex-Bush officials she talked to Thursday were surprised by the news .
“ People are surprised , ” she said .
“ I ’ve heard from folks asking me if this was consistent with anything I knew , and I just keep saying no . ”
“ I did n’t even know Tom was even really writing a book , ” said Card .
Former White House press secretary Scott McClellan , whose own tell - all book was disputed by several top members of the Bush team , suggested in an e-mail to POLITICO that Ridge ’s claim may have some validity , though he predicted that if the former Cabinet secretary cannot completely back his claim , his former colleagues will push back hard .
“ It is one thing if he is saying he simply felt it was politically motivated .
It is quite another if he has specific information showing it was politically motivated , ” McClellan wrote .
“ There is no question exploiting the war on terror was viewed by the political strategists as integral to branding the president as a strong and decisive leader who will keep America safe , ” he continued .
” If Secretary Ridge is making the serious allegation that the terror alert was driven primarily by political concerns late in the campaign , he is going to be expected to back it up with specific information .
If he can , it is a serious matter .
If he cannot , then I suspect critics will pounce . ”
Nokia cartoon by Hadi Heidari .
The mobile phone company Nokia is being hit by a growing economic boycott in Iran as consumers sympathetic to the post-election protest movement begin targeting a string of companies deemed to be collaborating with the regime .
Wholesale vendors in the capital report that demand for Nokia handsets has fallen by as much as half in the wake of calls to boycott Nokia Siemens Networks ( NSN ) for selling communications monitoring systems to Iran .
There are signs that the boycott is spreading : consumers are shunning SMS messaging in protest at the perceived complicity with the regime by the state telecoms company , TCI .
Iran 's state - run broadcaster has been hit by a collapse in advertising as companies fear being blacklisted in a Facebook petition .
There is also anecdotal evidence that people are moving money out of state banks and into private banks .
Nokia is the most prominent western company to suffer from its dealings with the Iranian authorities .
Its NSN joint venture with Siemens provided Iran with a monitoring system as it expanded a mobile network last year .
NSN says the technology is standard issue to dozens of countries , but protesters believe the company could have provided the network without the monitoring function .
Siemens is also accused of providing Iran with an internet filtering system called Webwasher .
" Iranians ' first choice has been Nokia cellphones for several years , partly because Nokia has installed the facility in the country .
But in the past weeks , customers ' priority has changed , " said Reza , a mobile phone seller in Tehran 's Big Bazaar .
" Since the news spread that NSN had sold electronic surveillance systems to the Iranian government , people have decided to buy other company 's products although they know that Nokia cellphones function better with network coverage in Iran . "
Some Tehran shops have removed Nokia phones from their window displays .
Hashem , another mobile phone vendor , said : " I do n't like to lose my customers and now people do n't feel happy seeing Nokia 's products .
We even had customers who wanted to refund their new Nokia cellphones or change them with just another cellphone from any other companies .
" It 's not just a limited case to my shop – I 'm also a wholesaler to small shops in provincial markets , and I can say that there is half the demand for Nokia 's product these days in comparison with just one month ago , and it 's really unprecedented .
People feel ashamed of having Nokia cellphones , " he added .
News of the boycott has appeared on the front page of Iranian pro-reform papers such as Etemad-e Melli , owned by the reformist candidate Mehdi Karroubi .
Hadi Heidari , a prominent Iranian cartoonist , has published an image of a Nokia phone on a No Entry traffic sign .
A Nokia spokeswoman refused to comment on the company 's sales in Iran .
The Iranian authorities are believed to have used Nokia 's mobile phone monitoring system to target dissidents .
Released prisoners have revealed that the authorities were keeping them in custody on the basis of their SMS and phone calls archive , which was at officials ' disposal .
One Iranian journalist who has just been released from detention said : " I always had this impression that monitoring calls is just a rumour for threatening us from continuing our job properly , but the nightmare became real when they had my phone calls – conversations in my case .
" And the most unbelievable thing for me is that Nokia sold this system to our government .
It would be a reasonable excuse for Nokia if they had sold the monitoring technology to a democratic country for controlling child abuse or other uses , but selling it to the Iranian government with a very clear background of human rights violence and suppression of dissent , it 's just inexcusable for me .
I 'd like to tell Nokia that I 'm tortured because they had sold this damn technology to our government . "
NSN spokesman Ben Roome said : " As in every other country , telecoms networks in Iran require the capability to lawfully intercept voice calls .
In the last two years , the number of mobile subscribers in Iran has grown from 12 million to over 53 million , so to expand the network in the second half of 2008 we were required to provide the facility to intercept voice calls on this network . "
In other sectors , state - run TV has also been targeted by protesters who have listed products advertised on its channels and urged supporters to join a boycott .
Companies are running scared , and viewers have noticed the number of commercials plummet .
" We do n't have many choices to show and continue our protests .
They do n't let us go out , they have killed many , we are threatened to text people or distribute emails , they have summoned people who shout Allahu Akbar [ ' God is great ' ] on rooftops at nights , so we need to look for new ways , " said Shahla , a 26 - year - old Iranian student .
" I can obviously see on the TV that they are facing an [ advertising ] crisis .
This at least shows them how angry people are , " she added .
The SMS boycott , meanwhile , has apparently forced TCI into drastic price hikes .
The cost of an SMS has doubled in recent days .
Protesters view the move as a victory .
The press conference on the confirmation of water ( and hydroxyl ) in large quantities on the Moon happened last night and it was very interesting , particularly the explanation of how the discovery was confirmed using a number of probes over the years .
The three main probes that contributed to the discovery were actually Deep Impact , Cassini , and Chandrayaan - 1 . Cassini actually had an Earth flyby almost a decade ago , but the observations of the Earth and Moon system could n't even begin to be used for the purposes of detecting water at least until 2004 when it arrived at Saturn and had something to compare the first observations to , and the entire discovery was n't able to take place until they had the long - term Chandrayaan - 1 observations to compare with the others , so this is the explanation on why it ended up taking so long .
As for the process by which water is created on the surface of the Moon : it has to do with the day and night cycle there - 14 days of day , then 14 days of night .
The greatest concentrations of water occur both at the higher latitudes away from the equator ( those are the blue regions in the image to the right ) , and also around morning and evening .
This is the reason why the rocks the Apollo astronauts brought back were so dry , because they went to the driest part of the Moon at the driest part of the day , when the heat from the Sun eliminates the majority of the water from the rocks , and that 's why the total amount of water they brought back from the Moon only amounted to one teaspoon .
The water and hydroxyl itself is created by the interaction of the solar wind ( charged hydrogen ions ) with the oxygen in the rocks themselves , and it's a process that should occur not just on the Moon but any other object in the Solar System ( and other solar systems as well ) with a similar makeup , which even includes asteroids .
One question I have about that ( might have been answered in the Q&A but not sure as I went to bed before that as it was 4 am here in Korea ) is whether the slow rotation speed also contributes to this .
One other interesting note is that the presence of water they discussed is located right at the surface , in the top two millimetres of soil .
What the areas below are like are still a matter of debate , but having confirmed the presence of water right at the top is very good news for future colonization given how easy it would be to gather soil for purposes of water collection compared to having to dig huge trenches .
The subject of LCROSS ( the probe that will impact the Moon 's south pole two weeks from now ) also came up , and the presence of ice there is probably a different phenomenon from the water discovery announced yesterday , though they still may have something to do with each other .
The south pole though is likely to have water ice that simply arrived through events such as cometary impacts , which then settled into the permanently shadowed craters down there and remained undisturbed ever since .
Before this discovery was made the idea was to build a colony on the peaks of eternal light at the south pole and then venture into the shadowed craters to harvest ice water to be used , but with yesterday 's news that water is already present in significant amounts at higher latitudes , it may not even be necessary to venture into them ; simply going from the peaks of eternal light where the colony is located into a region with a normal day / night cycle to collect water during the morning and evening periods may be enough .
As for the future implications of this : it has become quite clear that Mars simply does n't offer any significant advantages over the Moon anymore that would justify a journey there instead .
Up until about a few years ago Mars was touted as the only reasonable place for human colonization due to the presence of water and other resources needed to live off the land , while the Moon was thought to be a dry dustball in which we would have to ferry all of our supplies from Earth .
Since the Moon seems to have the resources we need to colonize though , waiting 2 + years for a launch window , travelling six months there and six more months back simply is n't worth doing .
Another argument made for Mars is that its higher gravity ( 0.38g compared to 0.16g for the Moon ) would be more suitable for human colonization due to the long - term effects of low gravity on human physiology , but this is questionable for a few reasons .
One reason is that we simply have never experienced low gravity in the long term - the only gravity besides 1g that we have ever experienced has been 0g .
At the moment the person that has spent the longest period of time in space is Valery Polyakov , who spent 437 days and 18 hours in space at one time .
He was also healthy when he returned , even after more than a year in 0g .
This means that even without any testing we are certain that humans will be able to remain in a 0.16g environment for at least two years or so , maybe more , without any physiological damage .
The other point to bear in mind is that in spite of its larger gravity , Mars necessitates a trip there and back of a year in duration , a year of no gravity at all .
To the Moon this is a mere three days .
Even in the worst case scenario where low gravity turns out to be damaging to human physiology and we have not yet constructed a 1g simulator on the Moon it will still be easily possible to return to the Earth within a few days .
So the problem of gravity simply is n't a problem .
Micrometeorite impacts will be a problem in the short term .
My eventual solution is detailed here .
Since human civilization on the Moon will naturally result in the creation of waste gases , it would probably be a good idea to work towards the creation of an extremely thin atmosphere ( a Triton - like atmosphere perhaps ) that would keep the smallest of micrometeorites from hitting the ground .
Until then extremely fortified dwellings are probably the only solution .
We have no detailed knowledge of the frequency of very tiny micrometeorite impacts on the surface though so this is still an unknown factor .
Focus : it 's now time to shift our focus away from Mars and back towards the Moon .
No current missions on Mars should be cancelled though ( such as the rovers ) since they are already there and gathering valuable data , nor should any scheduled to launch soon ( Mars Science Laboratory , Phobos - Grunt ) be cancelled .
However , completely new missions to Mars based on the idea of eventually paving the way for human settlement need to be rethought .
Concepts like the Mars Gravity Biosatellite for example ( MGB was cancelled , but just as an example ) need to be switched to a Moon - centred concept , testing 0.16g instead of 0.38g .
To name a few more examples : Germany should reinstate its lunar mission .
Canada may want to rethink its Northern Light mission .
India should concentrate on lunar objectives instead of its long - term plans for Mars .
You can see that there are a fair amount of resources being devoted to long - term plans for Mars that could easily be diverted to the Moon instead .
As for the upcoming missions to the Moon , you can see them in this chart from Wikipedia .
There are a total of eight scheduled missions by 2013 , compared to five for Mars during the same time period , two of which seem a bit vague .
If we are able to launch so many missions to the Moon without even a firm focus on colonizing there , what more could we accomplish if we put our minds to it ?
Mars missions :
Here 's the press conference from yesterday in full , including the Q&A session afterwards .
The Granddaughter of the Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini has blocked the release of a film which has received critical acclaim at the Venice Film Festival because a character in it refers to her as the " Mussolini whore " who wants all Romanians to be killed .
Alessandra Mussolini , a right - wing politician and a former actress , threatened the distributors of the film Francesca with legal action .
She is demanding that the offending dialogue is removed or she says she will attempt to block it from nationwide release in Italy , due next month .
The lines in the film she takes issue with are spoken by an elderly Romanian character who is attempting to dissuade his granddaughter from leaving Romania for Italy .
But Ms Mussolini , who in 2007 caused a political outcry by claiming that all Romanians living in Italy were " criminals " , faxed a letter to the distribution company Fandango and festival organisers .
In it she threatened to start legal proceedings for defamation unless the dialogue was either cut or the film cancelled from the festival 's schedule , where it is a contender for the Orizzonti award , second to the festival 's main Golden Lion prize .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
She has declared that she wants to ban the movie from being distributed in Italy .
" If what I 've read about the movie is true , my lawyer said he could ask , apart from damages , for it to be banned .
Its tone is unacceptable , even if it 's art , " she was quoted as saying by Italian newspapers .
The Major of Verona also waded into the row , claming his reputation too could suffer , as one Romanian character in the film says " they ( the Italians ) have declared Verona free of Romanians " .
Two public screenings of Francesca at Venice have been cancelled , but filmmakers are attempting to settle the dispute to ensure nationwide release .
The row has ignited fierce debate in both Italy and Romania , featuring prominently in the newspapers in both countries .
The film 's premiere received loud cheers and applause from critics .
It was written , directed and produced by the award - winning filmmaker , Bobby Paunescu .
Speaking to The Independent , he suggested that Ms Mussolini – who was not at the film 's premiere – had clearly missed the point .
Mr Paunescu said the film was a " critique " of the xenophobic treatment of immigrants in Italy and accused Ms Mussolini of " intimidation " .
He said he was angry that the public have not been able to see it so far .
The attempt to block its release was " dangerous " , he added .
" What is important about my film is its discussion of the Romanian community .
Twenty per cent of the population in the last 10 years have emigrated , the majority to Italy , which has become the ' promised land ' for many Romanians .
Yet at the same time , there is a negative perception about the country .
The film is not an attack on anyone .
I 'm trying to highlight the prejudices .
I think the film creates a valid debate . "
The producer , who won plaudits for his award - winning film , The Death of Mr Lazarescu in 2005 , grew up in Italy which he regards as his " second home . "
Domenico Procacci , the head of Fandango , said his company was determined to protect artistic independence and the freedom of expression .
Ms Mussolini , 46 , was the leader of the conservative Social Action party until 2008 .
A niece of Sofia Loren , she was first elected to parliament in 1992 as a member of the neo- fascist Movimento Sociale Italiano ( MSI ) .
In 2006 , she responded to claims by the transgender Italian politician , Vladimir Luxuria , that she was a " fascist " by reportedly saying : " Meglio fascista che frocio " – it is better to be a fascist than a faggot .
Sifting through all of the free sites and services available on the Web , you 've probably come up with some favorites , such as instant messaging tools or video streaming sites like Hulu .
Those are great , but what about freebies that displace something for which you usually pay ?
Think beyond free antivirus software and other no -cost PC utilities -- how would you like free long - distance calling , MP3 downloads , e-books , and text messaging ?
I 'll show you how to score those and more .
Some of these offerings , such as free services for making and receiving faxes , are for an introductory level of a paid product .
Others are ad - supported or public services .
But each one is a compelling way to get something , for free , that ordinarily costs you money .
In many cases you 'll get just as much as what you used to pay for -- or more .
Make Free Long - Distance Calls
Sure , you can voice - chat around the world through Skype and other services .
But Talkster lets you reach out and touch an actual telephone in addition to online calling options .
Free long - distance and international calls are worth putting up with a couple drawbacks .
The service requires you to perform a convoluted dialing procedure :
It gives you a special local number to reach a faraway friend , and your pal gets a local number too .
You dial your local number , after which you have 10 seconds to tell your buddy to call back on their local number .
You stay on the line and wait while they hang up and dial back .
You might hear an ad while waiting to connect again , but the two of you can talk as long as you want after the hook - up is complete .
I thought calls sounded good , although one call recipient questioned the quality .
Send and Receive Faxes , No Fees Involved
Do you need to send faxes just once in a while ?
Ditch the fax machine and the trips to Kinko's , and use free - to - try online services such as Qipit and FaxZero .
Qipit lets you send up to five faxes each week for free .
You can upload JPEG images or even send them directly from a camera phone .
Free faxes include a header banner that mentions Qipit .
FaxZero limits you to two faxes of three pages each day , and its transmissions include a FaxZero - branded coversheet .
But instead of sending images , FaxZero takes PDFs and Word documents , making it a better choice for PC - based use .
You can even cancel your dedicated incoming fax line and have people send physical faxes to you online .
e Fax
Free handles everything , digitizing faxes and routing them to your e-mail account .
You get a free phone number that is connected to eFax and is always listening for incoming calls .
e Fax Free has a few limitations , however .
You do n't get to pick an area code for the incoming number , and you can't receive more than 100 pages each month .
Plus , you have to read faxes in an eFax application , in its proprietary .efx format .
( Paying subscribers can select an area code , receive more faxes , and read them as PDFs . )
But for moderate use , eFax Free works well .
Videoconference for Free
Most chat and videoconferencing programs are free when your conversation remains between two people , but they charge you to add more .
Instant messaging and videoconferencing tool TokBox blasts past that limitation , restricted only by your bandwidth .
When you begin a videoconference in TokBox , you can automatically add contacts who are on AIM , Yahoo Messenger , and other supported services .
Even better , however , your contacts can join the videoconference in a Web browser , just by following a URL .
They do n't need to install an application , and the TokBox Web site automatically interfaces with each PC's Webcam .
Just start a conference , and click Invite , Share Link to get the URL .
Make Free Conference Calls
Running a meeting on a shoestring ?
Just want to organize a family call across the country ?
Rondee provides free conference calls for up to 50 people , and it offers several great extras .
You can launch a conference call immediately , simply by notifying your participants and giving them a Rondee PIN .
But if you plan a call in advance , the service will send calendar - compatible e-mail invitations ( with all call - in details ) and make a list of replies .
It 'll even provide a nonspeaking access code , too , so that you can invite people to listen but not talk .
You can activate voice recording for calls planned in advance , as well .
After everyone hangs up , participants receive e-mail instructions for downloading the meeting as an MP3 file .
Use a No-Cost Directory - Assistance Service
Does your mobile phone carrier gouge you for directory - assistance calls ?
Instead of dialing 411 , try Google 411 .
Dial 800/466-4411 ( 800 / GOOG - 411 ) .
The voice - recognition tool looks up numbers , addresses , nearby businesses , and more for free .
Next : Free Services for Taking Notes , Working With Files , and Grabbing E-Books and MP3s
The New Conference Location The New Conference Location
At the Gran Canaria Desktop Summit much cross -desktop work has been done .
The days we have are being used for the Cross Desktop Tracks and during the talks there are KDE and Gnome developers mingling everywhere .
Cross desktop sessions included bug triage , metadata sharing , instant messaging and sharing personal data cross-desktop with CouchDB .
Read more about the results !
Having people from both desktops in one place is seen as valuable to most participants .
Some of the meetings taking place have been about topics important to both desktops , like common infrastructure .
A good example of this is the Freedesktop.org meeting where the current situation and the issues surrounding the process of collaboration was discussed .
Unfortunately due to the closure of the room they were in the first meeting did not last long , but it was later continued .
A summary has been posted to the XDG mailing list , and the resulting discussion can be read .
In short , it seems at least the participants to the meeting agreed that a bit more structure is needed .
No taking of Freedesktop.org namespaces unless at least KDE and GNOME agree , and a list of specs which have been and have not been blessed .
This certainly does not mean complicated procedures or bureaucracy , just an email to the XDG mailing list to ask for a ' go ' generally would work to get the process started .
If the person or team proposing the standard is open to suggestions and collaboration there is no reason it would have to take long to get something accepted .
Yet agreeing on some rules will make sure there will not be anymore ' standards ' unsuitable for both major desktops and more work can be shared .
Collabora discuss Telepathy with KDE Collabora discuss Telepathy with KDE
Sharing infrastructure is clearly on the rise .
As Maemo will move to Qt as its main toolkit , the other components of its infrastructure will have to work more closely with Qt. Many of those components have been cross - desktop for a while now - like D - Bus and Avahi .
Others , like Tracker , are in the process of removing their dependencies on GTK technology and becoming part of the Free Desktop platform layer .
Since several Tracker developers are here , a meeting was set up for people working on desktop search , indexing and monitoring .
People from Nepomuk ( contextual linking ) , Tracker ( indexing ) , Strigi ( indexing ) and Zeitgeist ( event logging ) spoke about further collaboration .
Zeitgeist will use Tracker for its data storage and Tracker will start using the Strigi analyzer infrastructure .
The ontologies ( definitions for data storage ) developed for Nepomuk are already being adopted by Tracker .
A new ontology will be developed for use with Zeitgeist in cooperation with the Tracker and Nepomuk developers .
These developers are very enthusiastic about these collaborative developments , and rightly so !
Developers from the Open Source Consultancy company Collabora held a session with KDE developers to discuss their work in bringing the Telepathy communication mechanism to KDE .
Work has restarted on KCall and more applications are expected to integrate it in future .
KDE Bug Squad held a joint session with GNOME 's Bug Team KDE Bug Squad held a joint session with GNOME 's Bug Team
Cooperation was also started in the area of bug fighting .
Members of the GNOME and KDE Bugsquads got together to share their secret experiences and ideas on killing these ugly animals .
Discussed where things like the formal and informal policies of both teams , and the experiences in various areas .
The KDE bugsquad is very good at recruitment and organisation , while the GNOME team has a good quality control and a decent process of teaching new members the ropes .
Both bugsquads suffer from the same curse - and - blessing : there is a very high conversion rate of people joining the bugsquads toward development .
In the KDE team some quick surveys have shown that most people joining the bugsquad were new KDE contributors .
After being welcomed in the open arms of the KDE community through the bug squad they quickly moved on towards SVN accounts , starting with simple bugfixing and then moving on to maintaining full applications .
But everyone moving on to KDE development , how much appreciated , leaves a gap in the bugsquad ranks .
This creates a challenge for the remaining members - they quickly have to find new members , and get them to help organising the bugdays to train new recruits in the ways of bughunting .
Despite the downside to this , it also creates a very interesting and fast - paced environment where people turn up , contribute a great deal ( do n't underestimate the incredible value of the bugreporting work ! ) and move on to become highly appreciated developers in our great Free Software community .
Couch DB talks to both Evolution and Akonadi Couch DB talks to both Evolution and Akonadi
Steve Alexander gave a talk on CouchDB , the database being used for Ubuntu One to share everything from addresses
to bookmarks between computers .
He annonced that Till Adam had created an Akonadi resource for CouchDB and demonstrated the power by entering an address in Evolution then reading it in Akonadi .
Personal data can now be shared across computers and across desktops .
Smaller get - togethers which still have to bear fruit would be the talks between Maemo , KOffice and OpenOffice developers about sharing more infrastructure and some initial talks among multimedia developers .
There have been cooperative efforts between GNOME and KDE marketing teams , while the KDE e.V. and GNOME Foundation boards had a meeting to talk about this conference and what would happen next year , and other possibilities of working together .
It is not only cross - desktop cooperation which is happening here .
Plasma and KWin developers came together , remotely joined by Aaron Seigo over a Skype connection to discuss further integration .
The remote connection could have been better , and this is definitely something we need for next Akademy so those still at home can join us .
Nonetheless some ideas like moving Plasma - based animations into KWin and improving the API so more tight connection between KWin and Plasma is possible were discussed .
There also was a Kernel BoF , where kernel developer Matthew Garrett gathered some input from GNOME and KDE developers .
Several developers asked for improvements on inotify , a kernel component which notifies applications of changes in files .
This is useful for example to music players ( which can then automatically add music to their collection if the user drops it in the music folder ) or document editors ( which can warn users if somebody else has made changes to a file while they are editing it ) .
Inotify has several issues right now , one of them being performance related .
Currently , you have to configure inotify for each file you want to watch , which can become a problem if you have a large collection of files to monitor .
If inotify could work recursively this problem would be solved .
Related to this is the long time it takes to check if any indexed files have changed if the indexer has not been running for a while .
The indexer has to crawl the whole system , checking every single file .
A possible solution would be a special attribute for directories .
It could indicate something in a directory tree has changed , making checking for changes much faster .
This new attribute would be possible as part of the extended attribute framework in the file systems and have a chance of making it into BRTFS .
Unfortunately that means endusers will still have to wait several years before they will reap the benefits of this improvement , ' living higher on the stack ' changes can take a while to trickle through .
Another interesting request which came up was related to some recent fuzz about a change in the way file systems worked on Linux .
It increased the chances of losing file data for the end user if the system crashed .
There is a temporary fix in place , but the developers are far from happy with that solution .
A better way of solving the issue would be a new flag to be used when opening certain files , o_rewrite .
It would tell the kernel to only write the changes to the file when the application closes it .
Making sure the operation is atomic would also preserve extended file attributes , giving software developers an incentive to start using this new technique instead of their current workaround .
Plasma and KWin developers surrounding remote Aaron Plasma and KWin developers surrounding remote Aaron
The third important topic which came up at the Kernel BoF was the wish for some degree of integration between D - Bus and Linux .
Currently , inter-application communication involves a lot of copying data and context switches while the applications are negotiating the exchange of knowledge and commands .
Having part of this process in the kernel could have a big impact on performance , making data exchange cheaper in terms of system resources .
As usual , the above is not much more than a small selection of what is going on at the joint Akademy / GUADEC meeting here at Gran Canaria .
Following every interesting BoF and talk would require some highly illegal cloning of the marketing team .
But the above impression should convey at least some of the exciting things happening here to those not at the Destkop Summit , and probably even inspire our great communities to work together more closely in the future !
People of Atlantia , Friends , Neighbors ,
The Kingdom of Atlantia will celebrate it ’s 40th Birthday at War of the Wings 2020 .
The event site will open on Tuesday , October 13th with activities beginning on Wednesday , October 14th .
Stay tuned here for updates !
By Paul Adams
BBC News , Washington
Congressman Mike Pence was one of the first to rouse the party faithful Anyone who thought that " values voters " were still licking their wounds after the Republican Party received a drubbing at the polls might have found the atmosphere in Washington 's plush Omni Shoreham Hotel rather surprising .
An audience of 2,000 Christian conservatives gathered to listen to their political and media icons , condemn the Obama administation 's alleged socialist agenda and plot the downfall of the Democrats at the 2010 mid-term elections .
The mood was angry and defiant at the annual " Values Voters Summit " , which kicked off with a rousing call to arms from Republican Congressman Mike Pence , from Indiana , a man some see as a future presidential candidate .
He spoke of a " great American awakening " , while another Congressman , Tom Price of Georgia , spoke of lighting " brushfires of freedom " , to roars of excited approval from the floor .
Scent of blood
After weeks of vociferous attacks on several fronts , including the Obama healthcare proposals ( " Obama - care " to the assembled crowd ) , American conservatives feel they are back on the front foot .
Rightly or wrongly , they scent blood .
But behind the confident bluster , dark fears swirl .
One delegate , Sue Phelps , drew comparisons between Barack Obama , Fidel Castro and Adolf Hitler - " they were good orators too " - and said the president 's nationality and religion were " unanswered questions " .
From the podium , Virginia Congressman Eric
Cantor stoked the audience 's fears with a joke about a man who goes to sleep in America and wakes up , after a year of Obama , to find himself living in Sweden .
To many foreign ears , the thought of waking up in Sweden might seem rather appealing , but to this fiercely patriotic crowd it would not have made much difference if Mr Cantor had substituted Sweden for North Korea .
Vin Weber , a veteran of the " Gingrich revolution " , in which the Republicans wrested control of both houses from the Democrats in 1994 , says the party is " tapping into deep anxiety and discontent about the magnitude of change " under the Obama administration , allowing Republicans to " get on their feet rather quickly " .
Gary Bauer said the racism suggestion was ' ridiculous '
In a week when a former president , Jimmy Carter , has suggested that most opposition to President Obama stems from racism , Mr Weber is quick to dismiss the charge .
Yes , there 's racism on the right , he admits , but the overwhelming majority of the president 's critics are challenging him " on philosophical grounds " .
Gary Bauer , president of American Values and one of the country 's leading Christian conservatives , is contemptuous , calling the racism charge a " ridiculous attempt to marginalise conservatives " .
With their confident demeanour and " Take Back America in 2010 " bumper stickers , the forces of Christian conservatism seem anything but marginalised .
It is certainly true that the boldness of the Obama agenda has rekindled their passion , and Vin Weber believes that if national security and the economy move away from centre stage , then the " values agenda " will once again reassert itself .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Busted spy ring in Lebanon was Israel ’s top network in the Arab world
September 23 , 2009 by intelNews
By IAN ALLEN | intelNews.org |
French newspaper Le Figaro has published a well - researched account of an ongoing counterintelligence operation in Lebanon , which has resulted in the dismantling of an enormous network of Israeli spy cells in the country .
The paper describes the discovery of the Israeli spy network as “ one of the most resounding defeats in [ Israel ’s ] history ” .
IntelNews has been following the counterintelligence operation from its very beginning last February .
Since then , over 70 Lebanese nationals have been charged with conducting espionage operations on behalf of Israel , of whom nearly 40 have been apprehended .
According to Lebanese officials , the dismantled spy ring was probably Israel ’s most important intelligence network in the Arab world .
It consisted of neatly compartmentalized cells of no more than three members , which operated autonomously and were not in contact with each other .
It also appears that the Lebanese authorities and / or Hezbollah counterintelligence agents had access to the cells ’ communications with their Israeli handlers during the planning stages of the counterintelligence operation .
Lebanese officials told Le Figaro that a “ technical secret ” enabled the successful dismantling of the spy cells .
There have been rumors that it was Russian technology , employed by a specialist surveillance unit of the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation ( FSB ) , that helped uncover the spy ring .
As DEBKAFile reported in August , the FSB unit was commissioned by Hezbollah , the Shia Islamic political and paramilitary organization that controls large parts of Lebanon .
Want to work in one of Scientology 's fresh new " Ideal Org " churches ?
Then get ready to put on your 20 - piece uniform , mandatory for all cult staff .
Planetary humanity is not going to be perfected by slobs , after all .
These uniforms are manufactured by some sort of magical logistics pipeline called a " conveyor belt " for the " Ideal Org , " a purportedly superior new type of church , according to International Scientology News .
The uniform is intended to unite staff on " six continents " and help them look the part of " emissaries of a new civilization . "
The outfits were done by Richard Tyler , the Los Angeles - based designer to the stars and sometime Project Runway judge who fell on hard times in December 2005 after falling off a ladder at his South Pasadena home .
They 'd look at home in an Ian Shrager hotel , save perhaps for the capes .
A tipster tells us all " Ideal Org " staff members must wear them ; presumably this means the cult 's comical goons must finally give up their cheesy action - movie attire .
Nevertheless , Jia found a striking difference between the two groups : when students were told that the task was imported from Greece , they came up with significantly more transportation possibilities .
Because the source of the problem was far away , the subjects felt less constrained by their local transport options ; they did n’t just think about getting around in Indiana , they thought about getting around all over the world , and even in deep space .
In a second study , Jia found that people were much better at solving a series of insight puzzles when told that the puzzles came all the way from California , and not from down the hall .
These subjects considered a far wider range of alternatives , which made them more likely to solve the challenging brain teasers .
The reason such travels are useful involves a quirk of cognition , in which problems that feel “ close " - and the closeness can be physical , temporal or even emotional - get contemplated in a more concrete manner .
( This is known as construal level theory . )
As a result , when we think about things that are nearby , our thoughts are delicately constricted , bound by a more limited set of associations .
While this habit can be helpful - it allows us to focus on the facts at hand - it also inhibits our imagination .
What does this have to do with travel ?
When we escape from the place we spend most of our time , the mind is suddenly made aware of all those errant ideas we ’d previously suppressed .
Furthermore , this more relaxed sort of cognition comes with practical advantages , especially when we ’re trying to solve difficult problems .
The problem , of course , is that most of our problems are local - people in Indiana are worried about Indiana , not the eastern Mediterranean or California .
This leaves two options : 1 ) find a clever way to trick ourselves into believing that our nearby dilemma is actually distant or 2 ) go someplace far away and then think about our troubles back home .
Given the limits of self - deception - we can’t even tickle ourselves properly - travel seems like the more practical possibility .
Of course , it ’s not enough to simply get on a plane or drive a few hundred miles to the beach : if we want to experience the creative benefits of vacation , then we have to rethink the raison d’etre of vacation .
Most people , after all , escape to the seashore so they do n't have to think about those troubles they left behind .
But here ’s the ironic twist : our mind is most likely to solve our most stubborn problems while getting a sunburn far away from home .
So instead of napping on the beach , or reading the latest issue of US Weekly , we should be mulling over those domestic riddles we just can't solve .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
As administrators , we often are working on more than one system at a time .
If you use screen as much as I do , you may find that all screens are indistinguishable from one another .
This becomes a perfect place to separate the different systems into one or more xterms with different colors .
You could try to use GNU screen colors ( by adjusting the termcap and terminfo entries ) but using xterm ’s color set is easier .
Using multiple xterms ( or rxvt terminals ) you can color them in different ways to represent different systems .
With different xterm windows , you can also separate the windows in space by putting them in different areas of the screen .
You can also set the backspace key when you start up an rxvt session .
Use the –backspacekey option with the appropriate string ( such as “ ^ H ” ) .
Combined with the background and foreground colors , you could start rxvt with a command like :
rxvt - bg LemonChiffon - fg Black -- backspacekey " ^ H "
The names of the colors can be seen in the file rgb.txt included with X11 ; in Red Hat Enterprise Linux , it can be found in /usr / share / X11/rgb.txt .
For some reason , Ubuntu does n’t have this file ; it seems to be expected by many programs in either /etc / X11/rgb.txt or the previously mentioned /usr / share / X11/rgb.txt .
For some strange reason , the folks at Ubuntu refuse to load it into the base ; here is a bug report that showcases some of the back and forth on the topic .
You can download the current rgb.txt and put it into the correct path if you have to .
My favorite colors for backgrounds – easy on the eyes , easy to read black text – are these :
LemonChiffon
SkyBlue
PowerBlue
IndianRed
Plum1
PaleTurquoise
There are complete lists of X11 colors on the web , such as this page or this page – or this sortable table of colors .
You can also see the colors through the use of the programs xcolors and xcolorsel , both of which do similar things .
Both are available as packages for Ubuntu and both require rgb.txt which is probably missing .
There do n’t seem to be RPM packages for Red Hat Linux ( and variants ) xcolors or xcolorsel for some reason , although both OpenSUSE and Mandriva look like there should be some current packages for these programs .
The family of Gold Coast man Dean Hofstee is disappointed the Victorian Premier did not discuss with Indian officials the case of a fugitive Indian driver involved in Mr Hofstee 's death .
Indian student Puneet Puneet , 19 , fled Victoria after pleading guilty to culpable driving , in the crash that killed Mr Hofstee and seriously injured another person last October .
Australia does not have an extradition treaty with India , and Premier John Brumby says the case was not a priority during his current trip to India .
Speaking in India , Mr Brumby told Channel Nine he had not raised the case with any Indian officials .
" It was n't on my agenda .
It was n't a priority in that sense .
On the agenda there were other issues that the Indian ministers were very keen to discuss , " he said .
Mr Hofstee 's mother , Fran , told the ABC 's 774 Morning Program that she finds Mr Brumby 's attitude incomprehensible .
" Very upsetting for all of us .
Is it not their role ?
Is it not part of their work ?
That is why they are in that role , to ensure safety and security of not only Victorians , but visitors too ?
So how can it not be a priority ?
" You 'd think that he should be able to come up with a better response than 'it 's not a priority , it 's not on his agenda ' .
" You 've got to wonder why , when the heat is on , everybody makes these promises to go all out , and then as soon as everyone 's backed off , is there nothing be gained ? "
The State Opposition has also attacked Mr Brumby for claiming the issue is not a priority .
Victoria 's Opposition Leader Ted Baillieu says Mr Brumby should be doing all he can to bring Puneet back to face the charges .
He says Mr Brumby has failed the people of Victoria .
" He has made the decision that this is not a priority , and Victorians will simply hang their heads in embarrassment that the premier could take this attitude , " he said .
" He 's had every opportunity to raise this , he 's had plenty of time , he knows what an issue it 's been here .
" It should have been raised , he should have established exactly what 's happening at the Indian end . "
Puneet recorded a blood alcohol reading of 0.165 at the time of the accident in central Melbourne .
He allegedly fled from Australia in June using another student 's passport .
Again , if this was George W. Bush does anyone think that the persons would not have been taken away ASAP ?
The reason they are armed is all about intimidation .
This is a racist ploy , this has been done for YEARS in the South .
And Matthews is right , eventually someone is going to get hurt but the real question is , " why are people brining a GUN to a town hall meeting ?
Can someone explain the LOGIC of that to me ? "
I guess someone has to be GUNNED DOWN for the other side to RETREAT .
And that is a damn shame .
Home Page
Book of the Week The Black Triangle
by Josef Koudelka
The Black Triangle is an exploration of the Krušné Mountains and Podkrušnohoří , where Poland , Germany , and the Czech Republic meet .
Coal mining has brought enormous wealth to the region along with industrialization and pollution .
The book ’s opening quote from Václav Havel — “ Man is not an omniscient master of the planet who can get away with doing whatever he likes and whatever may suit him at the moment ” — is illustrated by Josef Koudelka 's images of waste heaps , smokestacks , and dried - up lakes , though Koudelka still manages to evoke the macabre beauty of this land .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages A photograph is not created by a photographer .
What they do is just to open a little window and capture it .
The world then writes itself on the film .
The act of the photographer is closer to reading than it is to writing .
They are the readers of the world .
Ferdinando Scianna
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
A friend just alerted me to the website PlantsNeedCO2.org , which is running ads on NYTimes.com .
From the site ’s “ about us ” page :
Our mission is to educate the public on the positive effects of additional atmospheric CO2 and help prevent the inadvertent negative impact to human , plant and animal life if we reduce CO2 .
Plants Need CO2 is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non profit corporation .
How do I say this ?
False .
I know you ’re never gonna believe who really owns the website … Big Oil .
It ’s registered to Quintana Minerals Corporation :
Quintana Minerals Corporation provides oil and gas exploration services to the energy sector .
The company also offers crude oil and natural gas production services .
Quintana Minerals Corporation was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Houston , Texas .
The site ’s “ spokesman , ” H. Leighton Steward , is actually an honorary director at the American Petroleum Institute .
He ’s also a director at EOG Resources , an oil and gas company , a position in which he earned a whopping $ 617,151 last year .
Steward is formerly head of Burlington Resources , now a part of ConocoPhillips ) and former Chairman of the U.S. Oil and Gas Association and the Natural Gas Supply Association .
Not a word about any of that in his bio on the site .
Yet more lies by Big Oil in an effort to protect their record profits by derailing clean energy legislation .
If you ’ve witnessed any other fraud by Big Oil , email the new Polluter Fraud Citizens Tipline at tips@polluterfraud.com .
The religion , inspired by the sci- fi films , is practised by 500,000 around the world and requires believers to cover their heads in public places .
But Mr Jones , from Holyhead , said that staff ejected him from the store over security fears when he refused to remove his hood .
« Vorsprung durch Technik » war lange der stolze Marken - Slogan von Audi - bis der Dieselskandal aufflog .
Jetzt wird dem langjährigen Audi-Chef Rupert Stadler und drei Ingenieuren der Prozess gemacht .
Denn « ganz ohne Bescheißen » ging es mit den Abgastests wohl nicht .
Von dpa
Enlarge By Jesse Tinsley , AP Officers from the Spokane County Sheriff 's Department confer Thursday outside the Spokane County Fairgrounds .
where a killer committed to a mental institution escaped .
Phillip Arnold Paul AP / Spokane County Sheriff's Office SEATTLE ( AP ) 
An insane killer who slipped away from the staff of a mental institution on a field trip to the Spokane County International Fair was recaptured Sunday without injury more than 180 miles away in south - central Washington state .
With a helicopter overhead and dozens of federal , state and local law enforcement officers swarming around Goldendale , Phillip Arnold Paul , 47 , seemed ready to surrender when he walked out to the Goldendale - Bickleton road about 22 miles east of town shortly after 4 p.m. , just as search personnel arrived at the scene , Klickitat County Sheriff Rick McComas told The Associated Press .
Spokane County sheriff 's Capt .
Dave Reagan said Paul was preparing to hitchhike .
But McComas said Paul offered no resistance as he turned himself in .
" He came out of the brush , onto the roadway , as law enforcement officers were going by , " McComas said .
" His intent was to voluntarily give himself up because he knew we were going to find him . "
The sheriff said he did n't know how Paul reached the area , adding the information that he might be nearby came from authorities in Spokane .
Authorities have offered no clues as to what Paul was doing in the Goldendale area or where he may have been headed .
Reagan said the arrest was made by Spokane County sheriff 's detective Roger W. Knight , who also nabbed Paul after he gave Eastern State Hospital personnel the slip during a field trip in Medical Lake , where the mental institution is located , in 1991 .
Following that arrest , Paul knocked Knight unconscious in the jail booking area , separating his shoulder , and was convicted of first - degree escape and second - degree assault .
McComas said Paul would be taken to Yakima following a brief checkup by medics in Goldendale .
Earlier in the day , 50 to 60 federal , state and Spokane - area law enforcement personnel were shifted from the Spokane area in eastern Washington to Goldendale , the Klickitat County seat , about 145 miles southeast of Seattle and 185 miles southwest of Spokane .
Reagan would n't specify what led to the shift , which occurred on the third day after Paul 's escape .
It remained unclear whether Paul met up with anyone after his getaway Thursday morning .
Until Sunday , authorities said they believed Paul would head for his family home in Sunnyside , about 65 road miles east of Goldendale and about 180 road miles south - southwest of Spokane .
But Reagan said investigators have had no indication that Paul passed through Sunnyside .
Paul left little clothing in his room , just some underwear and socks , and was carrying a backpack and $ 50 from a Social Security check when he vanished .
The field trip to the fair , which included 30 other patients , is an annual event that Paul easily could have anticipated , Reagan said .
Paul was committed after he was diagnosed as schizophrenic and acquitted by reason of insanity in the slaying of an elderly woman in Sunnyside in 1987 .
He soaked her body in gasoline to throw off search dogs .
Jim Stevenson , a spokesman for the state Department of Social and Health Services , said Paul received an injection designed to maintain his mental stability for about two weeks on Wednesday .
Only at the end of that period would he need another dose to avoid the potential for a serious deterioration of his mental condition , Stevenson said .
On Saturday Reagan told The Spokesman - Review newspaper that investigators learned Paul had several contacts in the Spokane area after living outside the hospital complex periodically , including stays at The Carlyle Care Center in downtown Spokane .
Paul 's page on the online social networking site MySpace features recordings of nine songs , including one titled " Rock N Roll in the Mental Institution , " by Philly Willy and the Hillbillies .
The singing on the recordings was done by Paul , but it was unclear when or where they were made , The Spokesman - Review reported .
" 24/7 you been laying in bed , " Paul sings .
" You be damn lucky to get those voices out of your head . "
The songs also include lyrics about people outside the institution not caring , a lack of mail , and missing the feel of grass under his feet , the sight of the stars at night and the touch of a woman .
In a brief biography on his MySpace page , Paul refers to the killing as " a four - second mistake " and adds , " Psychotic symptoms were noted over the incident that landed Phil in the psychiatric ward of the Washington State Mental Institution . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hewlett - Packard has added support for an additional 38 printer models or printer series to Snow Leopard , delivering on a promise made shortly after the release of Apple 's new operating system when angry users complained that older devices did n't work after upgrading .
On Thursday , Apple posted a printer driver update for Mac OS X 10.6 , aka Snow Leopard , but did not call out the specific drivers added to the 51 MB driver download .
According to HP , 38 DeskJet , OfficeJet , and LaserJet drivers were added to those made available on Aug. 28 , when Apple launched Snow Leopard .
Although a list showing only the new drivers has not been published on either Apple 's or HP 's Web site , the complete list available on the former has been updated to include the new drivers , said Rick Spillers , a member of HP 's Mac Connect team .
Among the newly - supported printers are the HP 910 inkjet printer , the DeskJet D1300 series , the OfficeJet 5500 series and the LaserJet M1120 .
Almost immediately after Apple started selling Snow Leopard , users who upgraded began griping on the company 's support forum that their long - reliable printers were not being recognized by the new OS .
Others became angry when an HP representative told them they should buy a new printer if a driver was n't available for Snow Leopard .
After Thursday 's update by Apple , several users reported on the same support forum that they were now able to use their formerly - bricked printers .
" Today , I downloaded all the update software for printers and Mac [ Snow Leopard ] , and everything now works fine , " said someone identified as " AndyGump " on the same thread where users complained two weeks ago .
" Incredible !
HP 1280 working !!! " crowed another user , " omarz , " in a message Thursday .
" I just update [ d ] to Snow Leopard 10.6.1 and now suddenly it was detected and it's working ! "
A driver for HP 's PSC 1200 series was one of the 38 included in yesterday 's update .
HP 's Spillers recommended that users update to Mac OS X 10.6.1 before applying the separate driver update .
" Make sure that the printer is turned on and connected via [ a ] USB cable before launching Apple Software Update , " said Spillers in an e-mail reply to questions .
Spillers also said that there has been confusion about how owners of HP all - in - one devices -- which both print and scan , and in some cases also fax , documents -- get their hardware to work with Snow Leopard .
" The other interesting thing I 've found is trying to educate customers on the new scan interface for HP inkjet All - in - Ones that we 've integrated with Snow Leopard , " he said .
Apple built support into Snow Leopard for some printer makers ' all - in - one devices , adding the functionality to the Image Capture application .
HP has posted instructions on how to use its all - in - one printer / scanner hardware with Snow Leopard on its customer support site .
Spillers also took a shot at HP 's rivals .
" In general , " he said , " HP did a great job providing full updated 10.6 drivers for almost all of our products , including LaserJets going back 10 + years .
Looking at the [ support ] forums , it seems that HP is the only print vendor really participating ... not sure I see much input from other print vendors . "
Snow Leopard users can manually download the HP driver update from Apple 's site , or install it using the Mac 's integrated update service .
Goofs
When Pete and Alice are having sex in the car , external shots show the car parked alongside a wall in a dark , tree - covered section of street .
Yet in interior shots , the wall is many metres away in the far background and is brightly illuminated .
See more
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Most U.S. doctors favor having both public and private options in a reformed healthcare system , a survey published on Monday said .
Ernest Sass , 52 , ( L ) winces as he is attended to by Girish Bobby Kapur , M.D. ( R ) in a room used to see patients who do n't require treatment for trauma inside the emergency room at Ben Taub General Hospital in Houston , Texas July 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The possible inclusion of a public option -- a government - run insurance plan to compete with private insurers -- is one of the most divisive parts of the reform that is President Barack Obama ’s top domestic legislative priority .
When given a three - way choice among private plans that use tax credits or subsidies to help the poor buy private insurance ; a new public health insurance plan such as Medicare ; or a mix of the two ; 63 percent of doctors supported a mix , 27 percent said they only wanted private options , and just 10 percent said they exclusively wanted public options .
The survey of 2,130 U.S. doctors , published in the New England Journal of Medicine , also found that more 55 percent , regardless of their medical specialty , would favor expanding Medicare so it covered people aged 55 and older .
Medicare is the federal health insurance plan for people aged over 65 and some disabled people .
“ The result shows that physicians see this system is broken and needs to be fixed , ” Dr. John Lumpkin , senior vice president of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , which sponsored the survey , said in a telephone interview .
About half of doctors supported trying to save money by restricting care to treatments proven to be cost - effective , a separate survey of 991 doctors in the same journal said .
PAYMENTS
The polls have been published less than a week after Obama addressed Congress to outline the plan he says will overhaul the $ 2.5 trillion industry to cut costs , improve care and expand coverage to many of the 46 million Americans without any healthcare insurance .
The concept of a public option has drawn much controversy and the American Medical Association , which represents about 250,000 U.S. doctors , has opposed it .
Drs. Salomeh Keyhani and Alex Federman of Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , authors of the larger study , found broad physician support for a combination of private and public insurance , regardless of their region , medical specialty , how they earned their income , or how many hours they spent treating patients .
Similar results were seen when doctors were asked about extending Medicare to those aged 55 and above .
Fifty - eight percent supported the idea , 23 percent were opposed and 19 percent were unsure .
In the smaller survey , 73 percent said every doctor ought to care for the uninsured and underinsured and 67 percent said they were willing to accept limits on payments for expensive drugs and procedures as a way to save money and make basic care available to more people .
“ By contrast , physicians were divided almost equally about cost - effectiveness analysis ; just over half ( 54 percent ) reported having a moral objection to using such data ‘ to determine which treatments will be offered to patients , ’ ” said the survey team , led by Ryan Antiel of the Mayo Medical School in Rochester , Minnesota .
Family doctors were more likely to favor reform than surgeons and other specialists .
The Danish DNA
From the time they are children , Danes are told to question conventional wisdom - and encouraged to come up with something better .
That makes innovation and entrepreneurship a natural part of the Danish DNA .
An economic system that encourages business risks and provides a social safety net helps too .
Danish design has been an international standard - bearer since the 1950s , and always - evolving industries like healthcare and pharmaceuticals also play a substantial role in the Danish economy .
These days , Danish innovators are leaders when it comes to sustainability and green living .
The long - awaited , much - anticipated , feature - filled firmware update that Sony announced at Gamescom in Cologne , Germany is now live .
Head on over to ‘ System Update ’ in your PlayStation 3 ’s XMB and get to downloading this new firmware update now .
Firmware 3.0 brings many changes to the XMB , such as a change of the location of the status indicator .
It also brings support for new avatars , and animated themes among many more features .
We will update with full release details as soon as they are available .
“ What ’s New ” – The “ Information Board ” will be replaced with a “ What ’s New ” section , which allows you to enjoy interactive PlayStation news every time you start the PS3 system .
Located under the PlayStation Network icon , “ What ’s New ” displays the latest and greatest game , video , PlayStation Network and PlayStation news and releases , as well as your recently played games , in a sleek , new animated format .
– The “ Information Board ” will be replaced with a “ What ’s New ” section , which allows you to enjoy interactive PlayStation news every time you start the PS3 system .
Located under the PlayStation Network icon , “ What ’s New ” displays the latest and greatest game , video , PlayStation Network and PlayStation news and releases , as well as your recently played games , in a sleek , new animated format .
Status Indicator –
In the top right corner we ’ve added an indicator bar , which displays your user icon , friend icon , the number of friends you have online and a small message icon to let you know if you have any new messages .
The indicator also includes a scrolling ticker that features the latest news from PlayStation Network .
In addition , when you press the PS button , the battery life indicator will no longer cover up the clock .
– In the top right corner we ’ve added an indicator bar , which displays your user icon , friend icon , the number of friends you have online and a small message icon to let you know if you have any new messages .
The indicator also includes a scrolling ticker that features the latest news from PlayStation Network .
In addition , when you press the PS button , the battery life indicator will no longer cover up the clock .
Friends List – Now your PlayStation Network friends will appear in a slightly redesigned format on your Friends List .
Also , messages will now be viewable from each of your friends ’ respective profiles .
– Now your PlayStation Network friends will appear in a slightly redesigned format on your Friends List .
Also , messages will now be viewable from each of your friends ’ respective profiles .
PlayStation Store Shortcuts –
We ’ve added a handy shortcut icon to the PlayStation Store under both the Game and Video categories so you can access the latest content quickly and easily .
– We ’ve added a handy shortcut icon to the PlayStation Store under both the Game and Video categories so you can access the latest content quickly and easily .
Personalization – Personalize your PS3 with new dynamic custom themes and avatars .
Dynamic themes as well as free and premium avatars will be available through PlayStation Store .
A dynamic theme takes your screen to a whole new level as it incorporates animated objects into the background .
– Personalize your PS3 with new dynamic custom themes and avatars .
Dynamic themes as well as free and premium avatars will be available through PlayStation Store .
A dynamic theme takes your screen to a whole new level as it incorporates animated objects into the background .
Trophies – Showcasing your hard earned trophies just got better .
Update 3.00 gives game developers the ability to modify how they display trophies for add - on content .
Base and add - on game trophies will continue to be combined into a single list so you can see where you stand in a game as a whole .
Within that list , trophies will be broken out into subcategories — base trophies and add - on trophies — that way , you can easily view the percentage of your base game trophy collection , and separately track your trophy progress in add - on packs .
Look for this enhancement to be included in upcoming games .
It only does everything .
MANY of the world 's great innovators started out as hackers — people who like to tinker with technology — and some of the largest technology companies started in garages .
Thomas Edison built General Electric on the foundation of an improved way to transmit messages down telegraph wires , which he cooked up himself .
Hewlett - Packard was founded in a garage in California ( now a national landmark ) , as was Google , many years later .
And , in addition to computer hardware and software , garage hackers and home - build enthusiasts are now merrily cooking up electric cars , drone aircraft and rockets .
But what about biology ?
Might biohacking — tinkering with the DNA of existing organisms to create new ones — lead to innovations of a biological nature ?
The potential is certainly there .
The cost of sequencing DNA has fallen from about $ 1 per base pair in the mid-1990s to a tenth of a cent today , and the cost of synthesising the molecule has also fallen .
Rob Carlson , the founder of a firm called Biodesic , started tracking the price of synthesis a decade ago .
He found a remarkably steady decline , from over $ 10 per base pair to , lately , well under $ 1 ( see chart ) .
This decline recalls Moore 's law , which , when promulgated in 1965 , predicted the exponential rise of computing power .
Someday history may remember drops in the cost of DNA synthesis as Carlson 's curve .
A growing culture
And as the price falls , amateurs are wasting little time getting started .
Several groups are already hard at work finding ways to duplicate at home the techniques used by government laboratories and large corporations .
One place for them to learn about biohacking is DIYbio , a group that holds meetings in America and Britain and has about 800 people signed up for its newsletter .
DIYbio plans to perform experiments such as sending out its members in different cities to swab public objects .
The DNA thus collected could be used to make a map showing the spread of micro-organisms .
Strictly , that is not really biohacking .
But attempts to construct micro-organisms that make biofuels efficiently certainly are — though it will be impressive if a group of amateurs can succeed in cracking a problem that is confounding many established companies .
Amateur innovation , nevertheless , is happening .
When a science blog called io9 ran a competition for biohackers , it received entries for modified microorganisms that , among other things , help rice plants process nitrogen fertiliser more efficiently , measure the alcohol content of a person 's breath and respond to commands from a computer .
The template for biohacking 's future may be the International Genetically Engineered Machine ( iGem ) competition , held annually at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
This challenges undergraduates to spend a summer building an organism from a “ kit ” provided by a gene bank called the Registry of Standard Biological Parts .
Their work is possible because the kit is made up of standardised chunks of DNA called BioBricks .
As Jason Kelly , the co-founder of a gene - synthesis firm called Ginkgo BioWorks , observes , there is no equivalent of an electrical engineer 's diagram to help unravel what is going on in a cell .
As he puts it , “ what the professionals can do in terms of engineering an organism is really rudimentary .
It 's really a tinkering art more than a predictable engineering system . ”
BioBricks are , nevertheless , an attempt to provide the equivalent of electronic components with known properties to the field — and using them is part of Ginkgo 's business plan .
Information on BioBricks is kept public , helping the students understand which work together best .
Illustration by Brett Ryder
What the students actually create , however , is left to their imaginations .
And the results are often unexpected .
A team from National Yang - Ming University in Taiwan conceived a bacterium that can do the work of a failed kidney ; another , from Imperial College , London , worked on a “ biofabricator ” capable of building other biological materials .
From relatively simple beginnings in 2003 , iGem has grown to a competition involving 84 teams and 1,200 participants , most of whom leave with enough knowledge to do work at home .
They are limited mainly by the novelty of the pursuit .
Although there are no laws banning the sale of DNA , reagents or equipment , such items are usually priced for sale to large institutions .
Indeed , it is this problem of finding ways to manage without expensive equipment , rather than a desire to work on “ wetware ” , or living organisms , that motivates many biohackers .
Tito Jankowski , now a member of DIYbio , became interested in toolmaking for biohackers after taking part in iGem with a team from Brown University that had set itself the goal of modifying bacteria to detect lead in water .
After graduating , Mr Jankowski was interested in doing more , but found his access to equipment restricted .
He decided to create a cheaper version of the gel - electrophoresis box , a basic tool used in a wide range of experiments .
Despite its simple construction , which can be as spare as a few panes of coloured plastic over a heating element , a gel box can sell for over $ 1,000 .
But according to Mr Jankowski , “ this equipment is only expensive because it has never been used for personal stuff before . ”
Mr Jankowski likens the current state of biohacking to the years in which amateurs first began working with personal computers , a metaphor that Dr Kelly also uses .
Computers were once both expensive and arcane .
Today , they are built mostly from off - the - shelf components , and even a relatively non-technical person can assemble one .
If hobbyists like Mr Jankowski can help reduce the cost of equipment , say , tenfold , while BioBricks or something similar become cheaper and more predictable , then the stage will be set for a bioscience version of Apple or Google to be born in a dormitory room or garage .
But what about viruses ?
The computer metaphor , though , is a reminder that there is no shortage of fools and criminals ready to construct viruses and other harmful computer programs .
If such people got interested in the biological world , the consequences might be even more serious — because in biology , there is no rebooting the machine .
More than any other detail of biohacking , this is the one that laymen grasp .
And the resulting fear can have unpleasant effects , as Steve Kurtz , a professor of art at the State University of New York in Buffalo who works with biological material , found out .
In May 2004 he awoke to find that his wife , Hope , was not breathing .
The police who accompanied paramedics to his home found Petri dishes used in his art displays , and notified the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , which brought in the Department of Homeland Security and charged him with bioterrorism .
The authorities claimed the body of his wife , who had died of congenital heart failure , for examination .
This took place over the protestations of Mr Kurtz , his colleagues and the local commissioner of public health , all of whom insisted that nothing in the exhibit could be harmful .
The right way to regulate biohacking may not become apparent for some time .
The initial reaction of the local police was hardly surprising .
The motives of the FBI , which has experts capable of examining Mr Kurtz 's art scientifically , are harder to decode .
After a grand jury refused to indict Mr Kurtz , the bureau then pursued him with a mail - fraud charge carrying a sentence of up to 20 years , which a judge dismissed this year .
Mr Kurtz , known for his anti-establishment art , may simply have become the target of harassment for his views .
But the FBI may genuinely be wary of biohackers ; rumour suggests it has followed up the case by discreetly instructing reagent suppliers not to sell to individuals , despite the lack of any law against their doing so .
So far legislators have shown little interest in regulating individuals .
When they choose to do so , it will not be easy .
If groups such as DIYbio are successful , the basic tools of biohacking will be both cheap to buy and easy to construct at home .
Many DNA sequences , including those for harmful diseases , are already widely published , and can hardly be retracted .
The falling cost of DNA synthesis suggests that there will be automated “ printers ” for the molecule before long .
There are some substances that can be controlled , like the reagents used to modify DNA .
But a strict government policy regulating the chemical components of biohacking might have much the same effect as laws banning gun ownership — ordinary citizens will be discouraged , while criminals will still find what they want on black markets .
In all likelihood , the right way to regulate biohacking will not become apparent for some time .
But some people think that any regulation at all could be harmful .
Dr Carlson , who has a book on biohacking coming out later this year , is a proponent of light regulation at most .
“ If you look at our ability to respond to infectious diseases at this point in time , we 're essentially helpless , ” he says .
“ The quandary we face is that we need the garage hackers , because that 's where innovation comes from . ”
Freeman Dyson , a venerable and polymathic physicist who has been thinking about the problem , is also a believer in biological innovation .
He has written about a variety of futuristic possibilities , including modified trees that are better than natural ones at absorbing carbon dioxide , and termites that can eat old cars .
If regulation of biohacking is too tight , such innovations — or , at least , things like them — might never come to pass .
All The Gays Will Eventually Marry All Other Gays , Because This Is How Socialism Works
The Green Party invited President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s green - jobs czar to join their ranks , possibly as a future presidential candidate , after he stepped down last Sunday following controversial statements and activities .
Van Jones had recently come under fire for making derogatory comments about Republicans , calling them “ a— holes , ” earlier this year , and likening former President George W. Bush to a “ crackhead ” in a speech captured on YouTube .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Green Party compared Obama ’s restraint in coming to Jones ’ aid over the recent controversy to President ’s lack of defense when his African - American nominee for Assistant Attorney General , Lani Guinier , was attacked and ultimately withdrawn .
“ The targets tend to be Black -- consistent with Republican fury over the election of Barack Obama to the White House , ” the Party said in a statement about the comparison .
Jones is an African - American environmental activist from California and has been championed by liberals as pioneering the “ green jobs ” movement – or jobs that add to the quality of the environment .
“ Like the Greens , Van Jones sees green jobs and a healthy environment as interconnected pillars of a sustainable and just economy , said Mike Feinstein , co-chair of the Green Party .
“ We encourage Van to bring that agenda into the electoral arena as a Green Party member , leader and possible future candidate , either nationally , statewide in California , or locally in Oakland , his home . ” Marian Douglas - Ungaro of the DC Statehood Green Party and the Green Party Black Caucus agreed with the call for Jones to join the party .
“ As a Green , Van Jones can be a strong national voice for justice and the environment , independent of the constraints of the Democratic Party hierarchy , the corporate lobbies that pull their strings , and the right - wing appeasement and selling out of grassroots social movements that appears to be their strategy , ” she said .
OTTAWA — The CRTC today finally named and fined three telemarketers thousands of dollars for knowingly violating the National Do-Not - Call list .
It is the first time that any individual or company has been found guilty of contravening the almost year - old rule , which was designed to protect consumers who have registered with the free service .
Until now , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission has conducted its investigations into alleged violations in secret , refusing to even name the companies .
The CRTC announced this morning it had found that the three telemarketers had violated the National Do Not Call List ( DNCL ) Rules , despite being warned to change their ways , and were assessed fines :
• $ 4,000 fine to Rob Sugar , who runs a Toronto weight loss clinic
• $ 10,000 fine to Toronto - based Roofing by Peerless Mason Ltd .
• an additional $ 10,000 fine to Waterproofing by Peerless Mason Inc .
" The telemarketers were given opportunities to come into compliance with the National DNCL Rules , but failed to change their business practices , " according a statement released by the CRTC .
The Toronto Star revealed last week that three CRTC commissioners were going to hold a private teleconference to discuss allegations that three telemarketers kept calling people who had registered with the national do - not - call lists .
The commission is investigating complaints against as many as 700 telemarketers .
In July , the three telemarketers were each issued with notices of violation and given 30 days to either pay the fine or to contest it before a CRTC panel .
If the telemarketers do n't pay the fines within 30 days , interest will begin accruing and the CRTC will register the debt with the Federal Court in order to collect the amounts owing , according to the CRTC .
The National Do-Not - Call
List is a free service for consumers that allows them to reduce the number of unwanted telemarketing calls and faxes they receive .
To date , over 7 million numbers have been registered .
A top White House economist voiced worry that the economic growth expected in coming years wo n't be enough to bring down the unemployment rate to pre-recession levels .
White House Council of Economic Advisers Chairwoman Christina Romer said that , in 2010 , the economy will likely grow but the jobless rate will peak at 10 percent and wo n't start falling at a rapid clip .
ADVERTISEMENT
The administration and independent economists expect next year " steady but not - over - the top GDP growth " of between 2 to 3 percent , Romer told The Hill .
" That will bring unemployment down slowly but not by big movements , unemployment on the right trajectory but not coming down for what we or American people would need or like , " Romer said .
The unemployment rate for August was 9.7 percent , the highest since 1983 .
" No question they 're unacceptable now , " Romer said .
She added that " it will take a lot of rapid GDP growth ... to bring [ unemployment ] down to normal levels .
" White House economists in recent days have warned that the economic recovery wo n't be swift .
Lawrence Summers , director of the National Economic Council , said last week that unemployment will " remain unacceptably high for a number years .
" The White House 's mid-year budget review predicted 3.3 percent GDP growth and a full - year unemployment rate of 9.8 percent in 2010 .
While the economy would grow by at least 5 percent in each of the following six years , the jobless rate would remain above 6 percent until 2014 , according to the official White House forecast .
The unemployment rate in 2007 , before the recession began , was less than 5 percent .
Economic growth generally corresponds with a decrease in the unemployment rate .
According to an economic rule of thumb known as Okun 's law , a 3 percent GDP boost corresponds with a 1 percent drop in the jobless rate .
But Romer said that forecasting the future unemployment numbers is made even more difficult by the unique nature of the current recession .
She noted that job losses have fallen faster than most economists expected given a 1 percent contraction of the economy , the White House 's predicted GDP change for 2009 .
She said that the " unbelievably high " rise in productivity may be one factor contributing to the unexpectedly high jobless rate .
The productivity rate for non -farm businesses grew by more than 6 percent in the second quarter of this year as firms cut staff .
The productivity boost was the highest in six years .
" That 's not something you normally see during a recession , " Romer said of the productivity increase .
" If you compound that we 're in a recession and firms are getting better and producing less labor , then you get an unusually high spike in employment .
" How the economy adjusts to the new productivity numbers will help determine how quickly jobs come back , she said .
" Is that a permanent change and we 've learned ways to do things , or is that a temporary response to the crisis and that will go away when we are firmly back in recovery ? " she said .
Movie Guide Unabashedly sentimental , this war film was produced by David Putnam in partnership with Catherine Wyler , whose father William Wyler directed an acclaimed documentary about the real - life events depicted in the film .
The ensemble cast is composed of ten young actors portraying the crew of the World War II B - 17 bomber Memphis Belle , anticipating their 25th and last mission before they will be able to go home .
The moon 's effect on the body has nothing to do with the fact that humans are made of mostly water .
The moon does exibit tidal forces on a human body , but they are so minute , that nothing physically observable arises from it .
If the moon just vanished , it would affect the way the Earth rotates , how it orbits , and the Earth 's weather works in the first place , but no direct effect on the human body .
Now there may be phychological effect due to the absence of the moon , but if the moon left Earth 's orbit very gradually , like it will eventually , there will be no phychological effect either .
So the moon leaving will have no direct effect on a human , but many indirect effects like longer days , stranger weather , messed up currents will effect humans for obvious reasons .
However , if you are a Saiyan or a warewolf , the effects are enormous , but thats an entirely different story .
It 's a Tuesday night in Hamilton , Ontario , and I 'm sitting with Myrcurial ( aka James Arlen ) talking about makers , hackers ' activism and hyperlocal journalism .
Myrcurial is an online security consultant , a dyed - in - the - wool hacker and the wise - old - man of think|haus , a hacker / maker workshop that 's being constructed around us as we sit in an ex-autoparts outlet in the northend of town .
Myrcurial and think|haus are part of the maker movement in Canada .
If the movement has a bible , it 's Make Magazine -- a publication that extols the virtues of using circuits and a grab - bag of Home Depot parts to make a potato cannon , a self - watering garden or a microprocessor robot rat .
Makers love Mythbusters , McGyver , old copies of Popular Science and Popular Electronics , 8 - bit computer graphics and the chance to crack open and breathe new life into consumer electronics .
Their motto is : " If you ca n't open it , you do n't own it . "
They have excellent skills .
" We like to bend gadgets and circuits to our will , " Myrcurial says .
" We are n't interested in what we 're told something can do , or must do .
We 're interested in making it do what we want , extending its life , giving it new purpose . "
Makers are experts in soldering , in circuitry , in welding , woodworking , fabrication or robotics .
In the Hamilton chapter , there 's a hodgepodge of all those skills embodied in two dozen guys who are n't going to win any congeniality prizes , unless they gamed the online voting then used the award to send Morse code profanity via Bluetooth to the judges ' cellphones .
The think |haus clubhouse is heavily stocked with cables , caffeinated beverages , dark t- shirts , lumber , wiring and large brains .
The gang is planning on making a 10 - foot kite with a gimbal - mounted remote control camera on - board .
And there 's some crazy stuff too .
So , what does think |haus have to do with activism and journalism ?
I think the Maker mentality pervades citizen journalism and activism .
It 's really about being the change you want to see in the world and taking the tools at hand to the democracy , legislative bodies , gadgets or hierarchies around you and making them do what you want .
Do n't like mainstream media coverage of your community ?
Cover yourself .
Do n't like the government ?
Do like the indigenous peoples of Bolivia and remake it in your consensual image .
Do n't like international news ?
Aggregate your own crowdsourced coverage .
Do n't like DRM ?
Hack the lock .
Against a two - tier web ?
Organize a townhall and encrypt P2P traffic .
Do n't like Windows or OSX ?
Adopt Ubuntu .
Back in 1982 , Canadian science fiction writer William Gibson captured the idea perfectly in his short story , " Burning Chrome " : " The street finds its own use for things , " he wrote .
It 's become the mantra of the Maker and DIY culture -- which are driven by the power of unintended usage .
What 's different between 1982 is the power that 's unleashed with Makers or activists crack things open in search of new purpose .
When I was a kid and took apart a gadget all I got was a tube .
In 1982 , you 'd get an 8 - bit 8080 chip .
These days you get a microcontroller or a graphics chip with the power to run full - on HD video .
Or , you get an activist group capable of instant global reach via Twitter , unstoppable cellphones and organizing parties in World of Warcraft .
We 've always been Makers .
Our tools have just gotten better .
Way better .
Citizen journalists and activists can learn a lot from the maker / hacker movement .
We should be meeting more often .
Our rallying cry : " Sure , the government is broken , ya wanna make something of it ? "
The Road to World War II Why Was n't Hitler Stopped ?
World War II began 70 years ago when Germany invaded Poland on Sept. 1 , 1939 .
It would last six years and claim millions of lives .
But the Allies missed several opportunities to stop Hitler in the run-up to the war .
Religion often goes to the horror movies , taking with it a raft of cultural baggage .
In 1968 , Rosemary ’s Baby incorporated the Devil , anxieties over feminism , and the controversy over birth control .
A few years later , The Exorcist served up an unsettling combination of religious conservatism , the perceived dangers of single - parent families , and the power of adolescent sexuality .
Jennifer ’s Body is the latest offering in this genre .
There are plenty of horror fanboys , and a lot of fangirls , who ’ve been anxiously waiting to take a peek at Jennifer ’s Body .
The combination of Megan Fox showing skin and Diablo Cody ’s signature dialogue ( made famous in Juno and United States of Tara ) offers a feast for two usually incompatible groups : adolescent boys and fans who like to see a bit of clever irony upset the conventions of the horror film .
Cody ’s tale delivers , serving up both cheese and cheesecake in large portions .
Fox plays Jennifer Check , head of the cheerleading squad , who is deeply and sincerely lusted after by every raging hormone in her high school .
In a nod to the evangelical paranoia of the 1980s , a “ satanic rock band ” ( who in this 21st - century update is an emo band called “ Low Shoulder ” ) attempts to use Jennifer as their virginal sacrifice .
Turns out that bad things happen when you try to sacrifice a non-virgin to the Devil .
Jennifer becomes an avatar of Satan and begins killing , and eating , every boy she can seduce .
And , it turns out , Jennifer can seduce a lot of boys .
Horror films , even the schlocky ones , draw on lots of cultural and religious anxieties .
Panic over both female and male teenage sexuality , and its alleged dangers , is certainly not a new theme in American culture .
In 1734 , Puritan divine Jonathan Edwards complained ( with a thinly - veiled metaphor ) that the teens of his parish spent too much time in “ company keeping . ”
After World War II , American car culture increased elder anxieties about adolescent sexual experimentation .
By the 1980s , films like Hardbodies and Porky ’s suggested that high school and spring break offered unlimited sexual exploration .
By the 1990s , a new generation of parents learned from American Pie that not even dessert was safe from the adolescent libido .
Horror films in the “ slasher ” genre have long played with the connection between fear , eroticism , and youth .
Cultural critics have , in fact , often complained that horror director John Carpenter ( writer / director of the ur- slasher hit Halloween ) actually created a profoundly conservative formula in which randy teens get it on and are promptly murdered in some egregious fashion .
So common has this criticism become that Carpenter once jokingly apologized for single - handedly bringing an end to the sexual revolution .
What critics have missed is that Eros and Thanatos are pals from way back , and the connection between them is not necessarily a message of moral judgment .
Add some powerful religious symbolism , stir , and you have strong drink indeed .
Cody , a serious fan of the genre , understands this connection — which rings true in her take on it , in a script that crackles and pops with her signature dialogue .
She tries to do even more , as she makes clear when she recently described the film as a “ Trojan horse ” meant to sneak a feminist message into the cineplex , subverting the paradigm of horror films in which women are merely the shrieking victims of male violence .
I admire Cody ’s effort , but am not sure she has subverted older paradigms as much as made them shiny and new with her irresistible narrative style .
Indeed , the film could be read as a fairly simplistic rendering of women as the source of evil ; tales that were born among ancient Mediterranean patriarchies , but have had a long and troubled history in the United States as well .
In my work , I have explored the connection between misogyny , American religion , and images of sexuality , horror , and the Devil that emerge again and again in our cultural history .
A few highlights :
In Puritan New England , a woman accused of witchcraft appeared before her alleged victim in a red bodice , floating seductively above his bed ; During the Great Awakening , a Connecticut River Valley woman named Martha Roberson allegedly became possessed by the Devil during Gilbert Tennant ’s revivals ( ministers described her frenzy in sexual terms , including her efforts to tear off their clothing ) ;
Late nineteenth - century discourses about contraception and abortion regularly made a connection between female sexuality and demonic influence ( an image in a book from the National Police Gazette shows a young woman , a scaly demon emerging from her vagina with a caption that reads “ The Female Abortionist ” ) ;
In the early twentieth century , silent film actress Theda Bara became the archetypal “ vamp ” who used sex to lure men to their deaths while Adele Farrington , in a pre-Code romp called The Devil ’s Bondwoman ( 1916 ) , portrayed a woman whose sexual appetites were so insatiable that she attracted Satan himself .
By the 1940s , a comic book entitled Madame Satan [ see image left ] told a similar story to adolescents of a seductive woman who , using Satan ’s supernatural power , attempted to lead men to destruction .
Does n’t the story of a high school cheerleader who seduces and then devours men more or less replicate this tradition ?
I prefer to see powerful religious and cultural paradigms more thoroughly subverted than this .
Joss Whedon ’s Buffy the Vampire Slayer — in which another high school cheerleader is revealed as “ the Chosen One ” who slays monsters rather than becoming one — provides a good example .
Buffy ’s seven seasons did more than simply reverse the formula that makes women the predators rather than the prey .
Whedon and his writers and directors created a truly nuanced and complex hero , an archetypal figure in the same sense that Beowulf and Achilles represents the heroic .
Rather than perform a parody of female identity ( or simple revenge fantasy ) , Buffy instead embodied both the limitations of human ability and the struggles against darkness that are the price of transcendence .
Sexuality was part of the Buffy mythos as well ; but not a sexuality that represented some murky feminine darkness into which men lose their souls ( and their penises ) .
Rather , Buffy had a number of sexual partners through the course of the series , relationships that began with bright promise and ended not because she was some insatiable vagina dentata , but for the same reason heroes often find themselves alone in their narratives : none of their prospective partners are really able live in their heroic shadow .
Jennifer ’s
Body , I would argue , does more to evoke the demons of our cultural past than exorcise them .
It ’s a fun ride with great lines but unfortunately it harbors unclean spirits from the misogynistic history of American religious life .
On the other hand , to borrow a line from Whedon ’s series , “ Buffy saved the world — a lot . ”
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
One of the things that I love about science fiction and fantasy is that the genre is one where short fiction is still alive and kicking .
Not only are the “ big four ” magazines still in print – Analog Science Fiction & Fact , Asimov ’s Science Fiction , Fantasy and Science Fiction , and Realms of Fantasy ( which recently rose from the ashes with a new publisher ) – but there are countless small - press zines , many of which are ezines available for free online .
And not only is this great news for short story writers , but also for science fiction readers .
As an avid writer / reader myself , here are some of my favorite places to get free science fiction online ( and I should note that there are many more ) .
5. Futurismic
Futurismic focuses on near - future science fiction .
You wo n’t see any space operas here ; as noted in their guidelines , it ’s more about “ characters confronting or embracing imminent cultural , social , technological , and scientific changes . ”
The site also features blogs and essays on science and technology .
Like Analog , the offerings here are pure science fiction as opposed to bringing fantasy into the mix .
RECOMMENDATION : A Programmatic Approach to Happiness , by Tim Pratt .
4. Apex Magazine
Apex began as a print publication , and still is available in print , but many of the stories are available online as well .
This one also focuses on a specific time of science fiction – where it intersects with horror .
To be honest , horror is n’t really my cup of tea , but I can appreciate that this fills a real niche in the genre .
RECOMMENDATION : Only Springtime When She ’s Gone , by Eugie Foster .
( And like I said , horror is n’t my specialty so this one ’s pretty light on that despite being a fantastic story – but if you browse the website you ’ll find a lot more ! )
3. Clarkesworld Magazine
Clarkesworld has the distinction of offering some of the biggest names in short fiction writers on a regular basis .
This is largely because it took off where Sci Fiction ( which , by the way , seems to have been tragically 404ed since the switch to SyFy ) left off in offering the best payment for stories .
The magazine also features audio fiction and articles ( including a recent thoughtful editorial on the state of the short fiction market ) .
RECOMMENDATION : The Sky that Wraps the World Round , Past the Blue and into the Black , by Jay Lake ; and The Clockwork Chickadee , by Mary Robinette Kowal .
2. Strange Horizons
Strange Horizons is one of the oldest online magazines , founded in 2000 .
It has a good mix of science fiction and fantasy , and is one of my favorites just because it seems to publish stuff I like .
They also tend to get some of the more eccentric stuff .
And they also publish speculative poetry .
RECOMMENDATION(S ) : Snow Day , by Jennifer Pelland ; and Fourteen Experiments in Postal Delivery , by John Schoffstall .
Also in the “ non-fiction ” category : How to Install Linux on a Dead Badger , by Lucy A. Snyder .
1. Escape Pod
I saved this one for last as it ’s one of my very favorite things that exists on the web .
It ’s a podcast for science fiction short stories , and they have a lot of great material since they do audio versions of previously - published stories .
The stories usually run between half an hour and an hour , which is perfect for a long commute .
And the voice talent is pretty darn good , too .
Plus , if you prefer fantasy or horror , there ’s PodCastle and Pseudopod .
RECOMMENDATION(S ) : Robots and Falling Hearts , by Tim Pratt and Greg van Eeekhout ; Edward Bear and the Very Long Walk , by Ken Scholes ; End Game , by Nancy Kress ; and Save Me Plz , by David Barr Kirtley .
In closing , let me add that though these are all free access , the more people who support them with donations , the better – after all , they do pay their authors , which is how they get such high quality stuff .
While you ’re at it , subscribe to a print magazine as well , because like most print media , they ’re starting to struggle .
Also , if you ’re a writer and are wondering how to get your work published in places like this , Ralan ’s is the place to go to find a list of publications and guidelines .
Like I said , there is a lot more where these came from – so try getting your nose out of a novel and into a short story instead .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below : )
' A man is not a whole and complete man , " wrote Walt Whitman , " unless he owns a house and the ground it stands on . "
America 's lesser bards sang of " my old Kentucky Home " and " Home Sweet Home , " leading no less than that great critic Herbert Hoover to declaim that their ballads " were not written about tenements or apartments … they never sing about a pile of rent receipts . "
To own a home is to be American .
To rent is to be something less .
Every ...
Steamfriends.com new patch has been released for the HL2 mod , Age of Chivalry , which includes optimization of performance , a whole bunch of bugfixes , and multiple balance tweaks .
Down below an overview of what has changed :
Age of Chivalry Update Heavy optimization of all departments , improved FPS and reduced network load
Aoc_options menu now has field for players to set their rate , recommend 25,000 - 35,000
Redesigned the shield and parry blocking detection
When stamina hits 0 % players now become exhausted and incur a 1 second stamina recharge pause penalty ( helps curb shield turtling , spamming )
Hundreds of bugfixes
Adjusted brightness of many maps
Visually reworked aoc_stonehill and aoc_galadan
Many balance adjustments
Age of Chivalry is a doing something new , its not new models for guns , its not painting the same old house a new colour , Age of Chivalry delivers groundbreaking melee combat that the professional studios in similar genres look to for inspiration .
Age of Chivalry is finally first person melee combat done right .
The melee combat has a depth to it that has never before been reached by a melee game and there is not just one strategy that is best , but there is hundreds of different playstyles across the 9 different classes that ensure each encounter you have with an enemy is unique and thrilling .
Evolutionary Game Theory : A New Approach For Cancer Treatment
A new paradigm in the way we look at cancer with important implications on how we treat it is about to be published in the British Journal of Cancer by Portuguese , Belgian and American researchers .
The group use a mathematical approach to reveal how - by changing the dynamics of interaction between the cancer cells and those of the affected tissue – it is possible to control and even potentially cure the disease .
Even more interesting is the fact that this new approach can be used in any number of pathologies where different cells interact .
The work has the potential to revolutionise the way we look into the treatment of disease and demonstrates the relevance of mathematical models , not only to improve our understanding of biological systems , but also to find more effective ways for dealing with problems in them .
In cancer , the apparently same disease and / or treatment can have radically distinct outcomes in different patients , and while it is easy to understand that the interactions between the cancer cells and the individual specificities have a major role determining the final outcome , how this happens and , consequently , how to control it is a major issue in medicine and one very far from being clear .
Trying to address the problem , D. Dingli from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , J.M. Pacheco from the University of Lisbon in Portugal and colleagues used evolutionary game theory – a mathematical approach that studies biological entities and predicts their behaviour based on the costs and gains of the different participants – to look at the specific case of Multiple Myeloma ( MM ) , an incurable cancer of the antibody - producing cells .
The idea was to develop a mathematical model that could describe and help to understand the system / disease behaviour , and consequently learn how to control it when necessary .
In MM the cancerous cells of the immune system multiply abnormally in the bone marrow occupying all the available space and stopping other ( immune ) cells of growing what eventually leads to immunocompromised patients .
But the most visible aspect of the disease is in the bones where tumours grow leading to fractures , widespread bone thinning ( osteoporosis ) and generalised pain .
MM affects about 750,000 people worldwide and , although quite a few treatments are available , it remains incurable with an average rate of survival of only three years .
In the work justpublished Dingli , Pacheco and colleagues focused on the interactions between MM cells and those from the affected tissue - in this case osteoblasts or OB ( the cells that form the bone ) and osteoclasts or OC ( the cells that destroy the bone ) .
In fact , during normal bone homeostasis a constant balance between bone formation and destruction allows the renewal and maintenance of the healthy bone , which the MM cells disrupt .
The hypothesis was that the key to control cancer cells ’ growth could be in the manipulation of the dynamics between the three populations .
The research starts with the construction of a matrix / table describing the biochemical interactions between the three populations .
In fact , MM cells are known to negatively affect OB growth while stimulating OC , while OC stimulate both MM cells and OB , and OB stimulate OC but have no effect on MM cells .
All populations are considered to have no effect on itself and this appears in the table as zero .
The remaining interactions are unknown variables and , as such , are represented by a letter ( from “ a ” to “ e ” since there are 5 different types of interactions – MM cells affecting OB , MM cells affecting OC , etc – when we take out the “ no effect ” / zeros ) .
From this table , and using the tools of game theory , a series of equations are deduced and a simplified formula to describe the system is obtained , which – and here is the beauty of the whole thing – has only two unknown variables : Beta and delta .
Beta is described as the net effect of MM cells on OC , while Delta is the net effect of MM cells on OB cells .
Again , the effect of a population on itself is zero , but this time the effect of OB on OC or vice versa is 1 .
With this much simpler formula it is now possible to ( almost intuitively ) understand ( and predict ) the behaviour of the system / disease , which depends on the values of delta and beta determining the final equilibrium between the three populations .
Their first observations reveal that only when beta is smaller than 1 - so when the effect of MM cells on OC is smaller than that of OB on OC ( which in the simplified formula is 1 ) - are MM cells totally eradicated and OB : OC balance restored .
Unfortunately various experiments suggest that beta smaller than 1 is extremely rare in nature .
But the model also shows that the bigger the beta , the faster should be tumour progression and bone destruction .
In the same way , the second variable , delta – which is the negative net effect of MM cells on OB – is demonstrated to be particularly important for disease severity , with the model predicting that , for a fixed beta , higher deltas lead to considerable bone loss , even when there is only a small number of MM cells .
This means that therapies that decrease beta should reduce lesions and disease speed , while those reducing delta reduce the toxicity of the myeloma , slow the progression of the disease and improve bone mass .
Ultimately , both improve the patients ’ quality of life , but it is the reduction of beta that can effectively stop disease progression ( in starkly contrast with current therapies where relapses are inevitable ) .
And in fact , experiments that blocked some of the proteins produced by MM to stimulate OC ( so experiments were beta is reduced ) were shown to stop bone destruction in a mouse model of myeloma and slow disease progression in humans .
The work now published explains why and how .
In the same way the model can also analyse – something the team does in the article - how changes in different parameters modify the efficiency of current MM treatments , as well as how to improve them .
The applications are many , but most importantly , the research gives us a new paradigm to look into disease ( including cancer ) and its treatment .
Current approaches to disease imply , most of the time , a generalised “ attack ” on what is , by large , a black box of unknown mechanisms .
This new approach provides a mathematical anatomy of disease that converts complex biochemical interactions into cell fitness , which ultimately affects the populations ’ frequency .
In this way the model not only helps to explain how things works but – by giving us beta and delta – provides us with an effective way of controlling disease evolution .
In conclusion , Dingli and colleagues ’ new work predicts that by altering the relative fitness of one cell type with respect to the others , one may effectively change disease evolution .
In this way , instead of trying to kill cancer cells , therapies should aim at changing delta and beta allowing the normal cells of the body to out - compete and eliminate the malignant cancer cells .
In practical terms , Dingli and Pacheco ’s work tells us where we should invest resources in order to control , not only MM , but also cancer in general ; the answer is in drugs capable of diminishing the fitness of the malignant cells .
These have the additional advantage of working by allowing the body to restore its own balance , a much more natural and less toxic approach to treat illness .
This is especially important in cases like cancer , where current treatments can be life - threatening .
The fact that the model applies to any number of diseases where different populations of cells interact is an added bonus .
The work here described for now remains on the scope of trying to change delta and beta directions but , once science is capable of determine their real values , Dingli and colleagues ’ research is , ultimately , the first step for what Pacheco calls “ the holy grail of medicine ” - personalised therapy .
Reference : “ Cancer phenotype as the outcome of an evolutionary game between normal and malignant cells ” , British Journal of Cancer – September 2009 Online Early Edition doi:10.1038/sj.bjc.6605288
Sacramento
Mayoral Candidate Dogged by Past , Antigay Stances
Known as a scrappy , hard - nosed fighter on the basketball court , three - time NBA All - Star Kevin Johnson is finding out that politics can be every bit as rough .
Johnson 's campaign to unseat two - term incumbent Heather Fargo in Tuesday 's mayoral election has been dogged by old sexual abuse allegations , complaints about his nonprofit development agency and criticism from gay activists over a remark about same - sex marriage .
Known as a
scrappy , hard - nosed fighter on the basketball court ,
three - time NBA All - Star Kevin Johnson is finding out that
politics can be every bit as rough .
Johnson's
campaign to unseat two - term incumbent Heather Fargo in
Tuesday 's mayoral election has been dogged by old sexual
abuse allegations , complaints about his nonprofit
development agency , and criticism from gay activists
over a remark about same - sex marriage .
It has been a
rude awakening for the 42 - year - old hometown hero who had
hoped to talk more about his success in turning around the
academic fortunes of his old high school and
rebuilding the economy of the tough Oak Park
neighborhood where he grew up .
Johnson , who
earned a political science degree while playing basketball
at the University of California , Berkeley , became an NBA
star during his 12 seasons as a point guard with the
Phoenix Suns .
The Suns retired
his number 7 jersey when he left the team in 2000 and
returned to Sacramento , focusing on rebuilding his boyhood
neighborhood .
Through his development organization ,
St. HOPE , Johnson transformed his failing alma mater ,
Sacramento High School , into a charter school that
says most of its graduating class has been accepted to
college .
Johnson launched
his campaign in March shortly after the city announced a
$ 58 million budget deficit .
He said Fargo has not moved fast
enough on several major redevelopment projects , has
been nonchalant about the city 's homeless problem , and
has presided over a spike in crime .
'' With the right
leadership , I think this could be a great city and not
the halfway point between Tahoe and San Francisco , '' he told
the Associated Press on Monday .
'' We 've had tons of
missed opportunities .''
But from the
beginning , Johnson has been haunted by two previous
investigations into whether he behaved inappropriately with
teenage girls .
Phoenix police
investigated an allegation that Johnson , then 29 , molested
a 16 - year - old girl in 1995 .
No charges were filed .
The
Sacramento
Bee obtained a draft legal document
that showed Johnson paid the girl $ 230,000 in a confidential
settlement .
In 2007 a student
at the school Johnson helped develop , Sacramento
Charter High School , accused him of touching her
inappropriately .
Police investigated after a teacher
reported the allegation and found the claims to be
without merit .
As in Phoenix , no charges were filed .
Federal
authorities are investigating whether St. HOPE followed
proper procedure in reporting the California girl's
allegations .
The nonprofit has received $ 807,000 from
the federal AmeriCorps program since 2004 .
In addition ,
Johnson was forced to apologize after the Bee
reported that half of St. HOPE 's 37 properties had
been cited for code violations over a 10 - year period .
Vacant lots were left barren and sometimes filled with
garbage .
Johnson has since moved to clean up the
properties .
Johnson upset
local gay and lesbian activists recently when he said
marriage should remain restricted to a man and a woman .
Activist Steve Hansen said gay rights are a key issue
in California 's seventh - largest city , where there have
been several high - profile hate crimes against gays .
Johnson told the
AP that voters have only rarely asked him about the
sexual misconduct allegations .
That demonstrates they are
more interested in serious issues such as crime and
downtown development , he said .
He has refused to
address the accusations in detail , citing confidentiality ,
and emphasizes that he was not charged in either case .
He criticized the
attacks on him as part of a ' ' dirty campaign ' ' that was
designed to deflect attention from the issues .
'' That 's not what
Sacramento deserves , '' he said .
Defending his
character during a mayoral debate last month , Johnson said ,
'' It 's unfortunate that when you decide to run for public
office , there are going to be a lot of allegations and
mudslinging and things that are n't true . ''
Fargo , 55 , also
was put on the defensive when the Bee reported she
had taken numerous international trips to
environmental conferences of dubious benefit to the city .
Critics said she
needs to concentrate more on fixing Sacramento's
problems , but Fargo said she has been doing just that ,
noting increased commercial development over the last
eight years .
There are 1,000 new housing units and two
libraries under construction .
Thousands of people now
turn out for special events , including the Second Saturday
art walk .
'' People feel
better .
There 's more fun in the city now , '' Fargo said . ''I
think that 's a sign of progress . ''
Basketball
superstars Shaquille O'Neal and Magic Johnson have headlined
Johnson campaign events .
Johnson kicked off his campaign
with a personal loan of $ 500,000 , the kind of money
not seen previously in a Sacramento mayoral race .
Fargo , a former
community activist , ran largely unchallenged in 2004 .
If
no candidate wins more than 50 % in the field that also
contains some lesser - known candidates , the top two
vote - getters will compete in a runoff in November .
The
mayoral election coincides with California 's regular
statewide primary .
( Juliet Williams , AP )
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , August 3 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Twitter Now Filtering Malicious URLs Posted by Mikko @ 10:37 GMT
As Twitter has been getting more and more popular , it is increasingly targeted by worms , spam and account hijacking .
We 've recommended Twitter to start filtering traffic to fight this .
They can easily do it , as all the messages go through them .
Twitter has n't announced this , but we just noticed that they have now started filtering Tweets that contain links to known malware sites .
This is what it looks like if you try to send a message with a bad URL :
— — — ——
Updated to add : A source tells us it is confirmed that Twitter 's URL filtering is using Google 's API .
However , we ourselves cannot confirm this to be the case based on our internal tests …
gym morons
Is it just me or do you guys hate those stupid skinny idiots that talk like they know what talking about when it comes to supplements ?
There 's this girl in the gym asking a guy , who works at some nutritional store , about a supplement .
He proceeds to fill her with a bunch of GENERAL b@# ^s $ it that he probably picked up in a readers digest .
This woman is a competitive fitness gal locally and I had to set her straight before she wasted money on some Nitro fat burning crap he was trying to sell her !
Later I see the dude , who 's wearing a Metrx visor , carrying a Muscletec bag , and has a ON wrist band ..... He tries to get all puffy on me .... well lets just say it was funny !
: naka
The announcement by state officials that California has enough cash to stop paying bills with IOUs did little to take the sting out of other budget news Thursday :
Tens of thousands of poor children are about to lose their healthcare coverage .
A state board voted Thursday to begin terminating health insurance for more than 60,000 children Oct. 1 as a result of the budget amendments signed into law recently by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Those children would be up for an annual review of their coverage next month , but instead they may be dropped from the California Healthy Families program under the action by the state Managed Risk Medical Insurance Board .
The board is scrambling to secure funding from other sources , including money set aside by voters for early childhood education , but so far it has come up short .
Advertisement
If additional funds are not found , board officials said , the program could ultimately drop 669,296 children in the current fiscal year , which ends June 30 , 2010 .
Currently , 921,000 people age 18 and younger are enrolled in Healthy Families .
“ There are not sufficient funds for the services we are providing , ” said board chairman Cliff Allenby .
“ We will work to do what we can do ” to find additional money .
The budget cuts made by Schwarzenegger and the Legislature left the Healthy Families program with a $ 194 - million shortfall .
On Thursday , the First 5 California Commission , which administers tobacco - tax funds that voters directed toward early childhood education , agreed to provide $ 81.4 million for Healthy Families .
That is enough to cover 200,000 children through next June , but not enough to stop the vote to begin removing youngsters from the program .
Advertisement
Several advocates for children urged the board to put off a decision and find other ways to compensate for the budget shortfall .
“ Families are extremely confused and frightened about what is going to happen to their kids , ” said Suzie Shupe , executive director of California Children ’s Health Initiatives .
Clifford Sarkin , a senior policy associate with the Children ’s Defense Fund California , called the board ’s vote “ devastating .
. . .
During these economic times , these families rely on the Healthy Families program more than ever . ”
Meanwhile , a coalition of advocates for the disabled announced Thursday that it has filed a lawsuit against Schwarzenegger to force the restoration of millions of dollars he cut with line - item vetoes from programs that help the sick and disabled .
A similar suit was filed this week by state Senate Leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) .
Advertisement
Despite the money cut from the current budget , California will need to borrow $ 10.5 billion this year , according to state Treasurer Bill Lockyer and Controller John Chiang .
The borrowing would allow the state to pay all of its bills between late summer and next spring , a period when state accounts typically run short .
The loan would be repaid when the usual flood of tax receipts arrives after April 15 .
If approved by a state financial board later this month , the borrowing would allow California to stop issuing IOUS -- and begin paying existing ones -- by Sept.
4 . Lockyer said a loan would “ rid us of the financial hardship and stigma caused by IOUs . ”
The state controller ’s office began issuing the notes July 2 , when its projections showed the state would not have enough cash to pay all of its bills .
Advertisement
The warrants went to vendors , local governments , students on financial aid , some welfare recipients and taxpayers who were due refunds .
The state has issued 327,000 IOUs totaling $ 1.95 billion .
Officials had planned to wait until October to begin redeeming IOUs , but better cash projections than expected will allow that to start sooner .
Chiang said Thursday that the issuance of IOUS , for only the second time since the Great Depression , has been a “ difficult , and frankly , shameful chapter in the state ’s history . ”
--
Advertisement
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
evan.halper@latimes.com
The Guitar Hero franchise is one of the most saturated and whored - out franchises there is , with a new main sequel every year and plenty of spin - offs in between .
Fortunately , Activision made the deal a little sweeter by kindly offering to let players import songs from Guitar Hero : World Tour to the freshly released Guitar Hero 5 .
The bad news ?
Dtoid reader " Joker 's Boner " discovered that the much - lauded import feature does n't even come close to supporting World Tour 's full tracklist .
In fact , you can only import 35 of World Tour 's 85 songs to the new game .
After all the bluster about not having to swap discs and being able to play your old favorites in a brand new game , this ridiculous compromise has fallen way short of expectations .
The info's now made its way to Wikipedia , but for some reason nobody else has noticed what utter horsecrap this all is .
Even worse , you are being expected to pay for this farce .
Activision will take $ 3.50 ( 250 MS Points ) for you to download a 1.27GB " GHWT Disc Import " file .
Meanwhile , Rock Band 2 let you download all but a few tracks from the Rock Band 1 playlist for five bucks .
I think we can all see what the better deal here is .
Even when Activision tries to offer something to its audience , it can't help throwing in a little bit of evil .
What absolute fail .
Hit the jump to find out what songs have been deemed worthy of import .
[ Update : Word from Activision is that the import list is n't definitive .
While these 35 tracks are the ones available right now , the list will be updated as licenses for songs are cleared and the tracks are updated to take advantage of Guitar Hero 5's new features . ]
" About a Girl ( Unplugged ) " - Nirvana
" Are You Gonna Go My Way " - Lenny Kravitz
" Band on the Run " - " Wings
" Dammit " - Blink 182
" Demolition Man ( Live ) " - Sting
" Do it Again " - Steely Dan
" Everlong " - Foo Fighters
" Heartbreaker " - Pat Benatar "
" Hollywood Nights " - Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band
" The Joker " - The Steve Miller Band
" The Kill " - 30 Seconds from Mars
" L'Via L'Viaquez " - The Mars Volta
" Lazy Eye " - Silversun Pickups
" Livin ' on a Prayer " - Bon Jovi
" Love Spreads " - The Stone Roses
" The Middle " - Jimmy Eat World
" Never Too Late " - The Answer
" No Sleep Till Brooklyn " - Beastie Boys
" Obstacle 1 " - Interpol
" One Armed Scissor " - At the Drive In
" One Way or Another " - Blondie
" Our Truth " - Lacuna Coil
" Overkill " - Motorhead
" Re-Education Through Labor " - Rise Against
" Santeria " - Sublime
" Shiver " - Coldplay
" Soul Doubt " - NOFX
" Spiderwebs " - No Doubt
" Still Born " - Black Label Society
" Stranglehold " - Ted Nugent
" Sweet Home Alabama ( Live ) " - Lynyrd Skynyrd
" Today " - Smashing Pumpkins
" Toy Boy " - Suck Up in the Sound
" Up Around The Bend " - Creedence Clearwater Revival
" You 're Gonna Say Yeah ! " - Hushpuppies
Circus nerves , double - dealing , lies , roiling emotions , risible politics and backstage murder are all in a fashion day ’s work .
( Well , maybe not the murder part . )
And part of the appeal of “ Rage , ” a new film by the British director Sally Potter , best known for the 1992 film “ Orlando , ” is the way it manages to convey the tense minimalist theater of a fashion show without ever depicting one .
Made on a shoestring budget and starring an array of above - the - title actors , “ Rage ” ( the title truncates “ all the rage , ” a phrase no one in fashion is likely to have uttered since the 1920s ) may ultimately be less interesting for its cast than for its formal conceits and its distribution plan .
Ms. Potter shot “ Rage ” herself , as if on a cellphone , framing the actors against a green screen in a series of monologues featuring Jude Law ( in drag as a female model named Minx ) ; Judi Dench ( as a fashion critic who smokes a spliff : as if ! ) ; Eddie Izzard ; John Leguizamo ; Steve Buscemi ; and the real - life catwalk star Lily Cole ( in a turn as a fictitious model called , of all things , Lettuce Leaf ) .
The movie ’s release comes just after the close of New York Fashion Week , as the fashion carnival moves on to London , Milan and Paris .
It will be released first on mobile applications , via the Web video service Babelgum , beginning on Sept. 21 , before arriving in theaters soon after .
Scott Bieri :
Robert Drysdale :
Greg Nelson :
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
According to the pros , Kenny
Florian wo n't have much to
smile about at UFC 101 vs. Penn .
Pros that picked Penn : 20
Pros that picked Florian : 6
Pros that could not decide : 4
After a forgettable performance against UFC welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre in January , B.J. Penn has vowed to show up in the best shape of his life for the UFC 101 “ Declaration ” main event this Saturday at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia .
The UFC lightweight champion will have his hands full against top contender Kenny Florian , who has not lost a fight in almost three years .
Sherdog.com recently spoke to dozens of professional fighters and trainers and found out where they stood on this lightweight showdown .
I think B.J. is going to come out hungry with something to prove because of his last loss .
The only problem is that Kenny always comes in sick shape , and B.J. is known for not always being in [ good shape ] .
I feel B.J. has the advantage on the floor .
Kenny ’s advantage with his Thai boxing might make this one an upset .
Both of these guys serve as examples of the evolution of this sport , [ with ] good skill sets in all areas .
And Florian gets my vote for the most improved fighter ; his run to this point has been amazing .
Kenny can decision B.J. with his movement and striking .
But the likely outcome is that Penn gets on top , passes to half guard , underhooks the pass side ( his head is a counter balance on the mount side ) , stuffs the already smashed butterfly hook and steps to mount .
From here , B.J. finishes fights .
No one can seem to duplicate or defend this .
Penn wins .
B.J. Penn all the way .
He ’s too big for Kenny , and I think he will KO him .
The fight between B.J. and Florian will be a good one .
I know that B.J. ’s camp has been hard because he ’s been out here training very hard with some of the best guys .
And Kenny is with his guys at his camp training hard at his camp .
Both are doing whatever it takes to win .
I truly think it will be hard for Florian to win this fight , unless he cuts B.J. with one of his sharp elbows .
If B.J. can stay in shape and keep to [ the ] game plan , [ he ’ll win ] .
Kudos to both , and I can’t wait to watch .
It should be exciting to watch .
B.J. and Kenny are both really tough guys .
Ca n’t call this one .
B.J. -- decision .
I got B.J. I like Kenny a lot , but all B.J. in this one .
B.J. is a beast and will bully “ KenFlo ” early , but I see Florian getting the judges ’ nod after five B.J. - tiring rounds .
I think Kenny shocks the world and wins a unanimous decision .
All in all , I think if B.J. is serious and in shape he wins .
This is going to be very fun to watch .
B.J. , I think , will be too much for Florian .
I think B.J. is better across the board than Florian .
Maybe Florian ’s cardio is better , but I think B.J. will control the pace .
I have to go with Penn on this fight .
As improved as Kenny is , I think B.J. is the more well - rounded fighter .
Both fighters are true warriors .
Kenny is one of the most improved guys in the game , but B.J. ’s experience in big fights will be the deciding factor in this match .
B.J. Penn by decision .
B.J. by second - round TKO or submission .
Nothing against “ KenFlo . ”
It ’s just that I think Penn is too experienced , explosive and mean for Florian to remain competitive in this bout .
B.J. by whatever he wants .
Do n’t see this fight lasting long .
An in - shape and motivated B.J. Penn at 155 pounds is unbeatable .
B.J. by decision .
I was at B.J. ’s camp for a few days , so I would rather not pick a winner .
It would not seem right .
Man , B.J. is angry and has a lot to prove .
With that comes a lot of pressure .
Kenny Florian has proven to be money come fight time in his last few fights .
He is able to perform at his very , very best under the lights .
I could see the pressure getting to Penn , him trying to over - perform and Florian taking this one .
It ’s gonna be an exciting fight .
While Kenny Florian has quickly become one of my favorites to watch , I just ca n’t pick against an in - shape B.J. Penn .
I ’m probably the only person to have not seen the video of Penn jumping out of the pool , but I sure did hear about it enough .
I see this fight being back and forth for most of three rounds , and then B.J. gets his hand raised .
Penn .
B.J. Penn all the way .
The only way Florian will win is on points , and I do n’t really see that happening , either .
Penn to win via TKO in the third round .
Penn can dominate the ground all around and looks to have heavier hands .
This does n’t mean I think he will sub Ken or knock him out , but it can win Penn a decision .
Ken can be elusive and has the kicking game in his favor , not to mention the box cutters stored in his elbows .
Look for Ken to wear B.J. down with leg kicks and slice his face up with freshly sharpened X - acto Knives .
It ’s up in the air .
I hate to say this , but Kenny takes this one .
B.J. should win this .
Florian has improved dramatically and has been impressive , but B.J. is on another level at 155 pounds .
I have a feeling he will be hungry after a loss and will win convincingly B.J. has to win .
He has to prove he ’s the man at 155 pounds .
He has to dig deep and show what he ’s made of .
B.J. [ wins ] within three [ rounds ] .
I believe the last fight gave him a gut check , and now he has to return to his dominant self .
B.J Penn -- unanimous decisionI was a big fan of B.J. before , but not anymore since the stupid controversy with GSP .
All my heart is with Kenny .
I saw him training with us at Zahabi MMA .
He is ready .
I see Kenny by split decision .
I am going with my man Kenny .
He is the most underrated fighter in the UFC .
It ’s hard to bet against B.J. at 155 .
I will say a great fight with B.J. getting the nod after five rounds .
“ KenFlo , ” I think , is the second best at 155 .
I see it making for a great rematch , as well .
I have B.J. Penn in this one .
I have a lot of respect for Florian ; I just think BJ will beat him in the stand - up game .
B.J. has to come in great shape , though .
I like B.J. in this fight , unless it goes into later rounds .
That ’s always been his crutch , and Kenny is always in great shape .
Homosexuality is Haram and END of Discussion .
U cant question the Creator .
HE said its Haram â€¦ there is no such thing as homosexual Muslim .
A FEW days after reading this quote on a discussion board at the newly - launched I ’m Halal Islamic search engine , I was handed Â a copy of yesterday ’sÂ Guardian ’s Weekend magazine , which contained an astonishing report of a flourishing practice in Afghanistan :
The taking of young boys to perform as dancers at private parties called bacha bazi ( boy for play ) .
According to the report , headed Slaves to the Rhythm :
The bacha dancers are often abused children whose families have rejected them .
Their â€˜owners ’ or â€˜masters ’ can be single or married men , who keep them in a form of sexual slavery , as concubines .
I could not find a link to the Guardian feature , from which the photo was reproduced , but in 2007 the Institute for War and Peace Reporting carried a piece on the bacha bazi , which kicked off with this quote from Allah Daad , a one - time mujahedin commander in the northern Afghan province of Kunduz :
Some men enjoy playing with dogs , some with women .
I enjoy playing with boys .
He added :
When I was young , I had a bacha bereesh who was the best in the region .
He danced like a flying pigeon … Nobody could take his place afterwards .
I kept him for three years , then left him when he matured .
Allah Daad has kept many boys over the years , and says he enjoys his â€˜hobby ’ .
I am married , but I prefer boys to women .
You ca n’t take women with you to parties in this region , and you ca n’t make them dance .
These boys are our [ mark of ] prestige .
Large halls known as â€˜qush - khana ’ provide the venues for bacha bazi parties where the boys ’ â€˜owners ’ or â€˜kaatah ’ invite their friends to watch them dancing .
Late in the night , when the dancing is over , the boys are often shared with close friends , for sexual abuse .
Allah Daad explained how the boys are enticed into the arrangement :
First we select boys in the village and later on we try to trick them into coming with us .
Some of them stay with us for money ; they get a monthly allowance , and in return we can have them any time we want .
They do n’t stay with us all the time – they can do their own jobs and then just come to parties with us .
Allah Dad ’s current bacha , who is 16 , refused to be interviewed .
But another owner forced his 14 - year - old boy to speak , although he would not give his name .
I was dancing last night .
I have been doing this for the past year .
I have no choice – I ’m poor .
My father is dead , and this is the only source of income for me and my family .
I try to dance well , especially at huge parties .
The men throw money at me , and then I gather it up .
Sometimes they take me to the market and buy me nice clothes .
Said Baz Gul , a resident of Kunduz :
Bacha bazi has increased tremendously lately and is still on the rise .
In the past , people were ashamed of it , and tried to hide it .
Now nobody is shy about it , and they participate openly in these parties .
He explained that there were several reasons why the practice had become more common , one of which was the growing influence of local strongmen , who regard bacha baazi as status symbols .
It used to be that only a few people had boys .
Now everyone owns one and the authorities do n’t care about it at all .
It ’s got to the point where almost no party takes place without dancing boys .
It ’s seen as a disgrace if you do n’t have dancing boys at your wedding .
This has led to a rise in immoral behaviour among boys , and if nothing is done about it , this trend will continue .
For some , a bacha bereesh is a status symbol .
Militia commanders and other men of substance buy and sell good - looking boys , using the bacha baazi parties as marketplaces .
Said Nek Mohammad , a resident of Baghlan ’s Andarab district who frequently attends dance parties , although he does not own a bacha bereesh himself :
Commanders and wealthy men arrange parties in order to select a bacha bereesh .
Many of the men make their boys dance at these parties , and other men choose one and pay for him .
By the end of the party , the boy has acquired a new owner .
Commanders often take their boys to a market and buy them beautiful clothes , as a challenge to other commanders .
Sometimes they even give them cars .
That gives them a very big reputation .
Islamic scholars condemn the custom , which they count as one of the most sinful acts possible .
Said Mawlawi Ghulam Rabbani , a religious leader in Takhar province :
Czy to Wiedźmin 2 ?
Czujny polygamista colison wytropił w sieci pierwszy materiał filmowy z gry … The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings !
Wygląda na to , że w jakiś sposób wyciekło wideo stworzone do użytku wewnętrznego CD Projektu .
Na pocz ątku pomyślałem , że to jakaś fałszywka , ale raczej nikt nie zadawał sobie tyle trudu , żeby szukać sobowtóra Marcina Iwińskiego ?
Podejrzewam , że filmik powstał na potrzeby szukania dla gry wydawcy na którychś z ostatnich targów gier .
Jak widzicie , można zobaczy ć w nim fragmenty rozgrywki z nowej odsłony przygód Geralta .
Sądzę , że źródłem wycieku może by ć któryś z ostatnio zwolnionych pracowników .
A może to wyciek kontrolowany ?
Wiedźmin 2 zapowiada się smakowicie i już nie mogę się jej doczekać – szczególnie , że , mimo problemów z portem pierwszej części , druga ma ponoć ukazać się również w wersjach na konsole .
Tymczasem na Gamecornerze ukazała się analiza filmiku z Wiedźmina 2 .
Oto fragment :
Czujny Radek po obejrzeniu filmiku stwierdził jedno – coś tu śmierdzi .
Czyżbyśmy więc mieli do czynienia z kontrolowanym wyciekiem ?
Jest parę rzeczy , które na to wskazują : nazwanie Quicktime kodekiem , a przecież jest to kontenerem – dev-team nie zrobiłby takiego błędu ; użytkownik , na którego koncie pojawił się filmik , już wcześniej wrzucał materiały promocyjne z Wiedźmina 1 ( testował konto ? ) ; ostrzeżenia ( czerwonym kolorem ! ) , że wszystko jest tajne i nie do publikacji – pachnie to " szpiegowsko -konspiracyjną " tandetą .
Jeśli filmik rzeczywiście byłby " tajny " , to te ostrzeżenia nie miałyby racji bytu , bo każdy zainteresowany doskonale by wiedział , że nie może pisnąć o nim słowa .
Ja od siebie dodam jeszcze jedno spostrzeżenie :
Czy jeśli rzeczywiście materiał miał by ć wykorzystywany tylko i wyłącznie do prezentacji gry zachodnim wydawcom , to czy by wycinano przekle ństwa ?
Wydaje mi się to dość wątpliwe .
Raczej wygląda mi to na zagrywkę , która ma umożliwić filmikowi podróżowanie w sieci bez obostrzeń spowodowanych wulgarnym językiem .
Paweł Dembowski
About the Project This is a project to develop a cross-platform pythonic GUI API .
The goals of this project are : Develop a GUI API that is designed specifically for Python , taking advantage of Python 's unique language features and working smoothly with Python 's data types .
Provide implementations of the API for the three major platforms ( Unix , Macintosh and Windows ) that are small and lightweight , interposing as little code as possible between the Python application and the platform 's underlying GUI facilities , and not bloating the Python installations or applications which use them .
Document the API purely in Python terms , so that the programmer does not need to read the documentation for another GUI library , in terms of another language , and translate into Python .
Get the library and its documentation included in the core Python distribution , so that truly cross- platform GUI applications may be written that will run on any Python installation , anywhere .
Latest Version - 2.5.4
Now works with Python 3 on MacOSX and Windows !
( Python 3 support for Gtk will have to wait until Gtk 3 and related libraries are stable and up to speed with GObject Introspection . )
The ScrollableView class has been completely reimplemented on Windows and should now work properly with all builds of PyWin32 .
Browse Screenshots
Documentation
Includes tutorial material , example code and API reference
CHANGES Download PyGUI-2.5.4.tar.gz
Last updated 25 Mar 2017
This version includes three implementations :
MacOSX - requires PyObjC ( tested with PyObjC - 1.2 on Tiger , PyObjC - 2.3 on Snow Leopard )
- requires PyObjC ( tested with PyObjC - 1.2 on Tiger , PyObjC - 2.3 on Snow Leopard ) Linux - requires pygtk ( tested with pygtk - 2.14.0 and Gtk+-2.14.7 )
- requires pygtk ( tested with pygtk - 2.14.0 and Gtk+-2.14.7 )
Windows - requires pywin32 ( tested with pywin32-213 ) and ctypes ( included with Python 2.5 and later )
Python versions required : Python 2 : 2.3 or later
Python 3 : 3.1 or later
To use the OpenGL facilities , you will need PyOpenGL , and , for the Gtk version , GtkGLExt and PyGtkGLExt .
Obsolete Versions
Examples Example application : blobedit.py
You may also find the contents of the Tests folder in the distribution useful as a source of example code .
Discussion PyGUI Mailing List -- for all discussion relating to the development and use of PyGUI .
The PyObjC , PyGtk and PyWin32 mailing lists may also be appropriate for platform - specific issues .
Acknowledgements
Some parts of the Windows implementation are based on contributions by Patrick Forget and Erez - Sh .
Even though I did n't use much of their code in the end , I appreciate their efforts and may draw more from it in the future .
Run flat tire :
Flat tires can be a serious problem whether you are tooling down the interstate or crunching across a foreign planet .
NASA and Goodyear developed an airless tire that lets large , long - range vehicles transport heavy loads across the surface of the moon .
The " Spring Tire " has inside 800 load bearing springs and is designed to carry much heavier vehicles over much greater distances than the wire mesh tire previously used on the Apollo Lunar Roving Vehicle ( LRV ) .
According to Goodyear , NASA requires tires that can handle vehicles weigh 10 - times what Apollo required .
TOKYO - LONDON --
Thanks to the miracles of modern technology , I 'm writing this 31,000 feet above ground level , somewhere over Siberia , on the plane back from Tokyo in that limbo time zone where it seems to be neither day nor night .
And I 'm pondering the meaning of Japan 's population statistics , which make chilling reading for the newly - elected government after last Sunday 's earthquake election .
Imagine a country that knows it is shrinking .
A country that knows it is ageing more rapidly than any other major industrialised nation on earth .
Which has the highest proportion in the world of people over the age of 65 , and the lowest ratio of under 15s .
That country is Japan .
As I reported on Wednesday , on current trends , the population of Japan will have halved by the end of the century .
It is , literally , a country that is slowly dying .
According to one United Nations estimate , it 'll need to import 17 million foreign workers over the next 40 years , just to keep its economy afloat and provide enough carers to look after the elderly .
( By 2050 , there will be more than a million Japanese over the age of 100 . )
I 'm no social psychologist , so I would n't dare to come up with an explanation for why Japanese couples are n't having enough babies .
But one theory is that Japanese women are increasingly reluctant to marry , because they think Japanese men have shown themselves unable to adapt to the needs of a new , more flexible society - and have retreated into a fantasy world of comics , video games and animated pornography where they feel less threatened .
The Japanese internet search engine Goo Japan reckons 70 per cent of Japanese men are still unmarried when they reach their 30th birthday .
( Mind you , marriage rates in Italy , Norway , France and Ireland are even lower . )
So I found myself thinking at one point of the film " Children of Men " , about what would happen in a world where all women are infertile and the human race is dying out .
Not that Japan is descending into anarchy - quite the opposite , in fact .
It is still the most orderly place I know , where no one is impatient at traffic lights , and even the hungry and homeless wait in long neat lines for their food hand - outs .
On the one hand , it is the nation of Toyota , Hitachi , Panasonic and Mitsubishi , global leaders and still very much a force to be reckoned with .
On the other , it is the nation of manga comics and young women who dress up as French maids to pander to the fantasies of lonely men .
In the current economic climate , the newly - elected government will have no shortage of competing priorities .
But it 's already committed to increasing the children 's allowance to £ 170 per child per month , in the hope that a cash incentive will encourage more Japanese couples to have more babies .
After all , what could be more important for the country 's future ?
Welcome to homes etc .
We ’re a team of property experts who love talking all things homes etc .
We ’ll present you with useful guides on property , homes , interiors , gardens and DIY , and how to invest in your home in the right way so that it ’s value is protected , and sells quickly when you come to move on .
We ’ll also be bringing you some lifestyle content about marriages , cohabiting and families .
Thank you for visiting , please contact us if you ’d like to discuss anything .
Bradley Ward , eight , and a bollard made to look like a child outside Avenue Primary School , in Leicester , put up in a bid to curb speeding .
People tell me how wrong I am in my opinions concerning important public issues .
Some of this instruction I receive by reading essays and interviews , and a good deal is delivered to me personally by acquaintances or co-workers , much of it rendered in an exasperated or condescending voice .
That I remain recalcitrant may simply be evidence of my perverse nature and the inability of even good pedagogy to reach and save every soul .
I may be crazy .
Or I may be right .
Let me tell you that I voted for George McGovern .
And I have more than once voted for Ralph Nader .
And I have " thrown away " my vote once or twice on Green Party candidates .
On the spectrum of American political thought and alliance I was for some years a liberal , believing or hoping that good ideas and good intentions could , through activism and education and the application of law and franchise , improve the lot of persons of modest means , reduce conflict between societies and inequalities within them , and reduce or reverse our abuses of the natural world .
That was , to be sure , the person I was many years ago .
I have not abandoned these principles ; I probably hold them more firmly now at sixty than I did even at twenty .
But I no longer imagine any candidate or party allowed to function in this society will promote legislation , regulation or taxation to materially effect these goals .
This is the vein into which so many wish to inject the corrective elixirs of hope and faith .
Conservatives , reactionaries , corporatists and warmongers do n't argue with me .
They laugh at me and my peaceable vegetarian life , but do not imagine I am correctable ; I amuse but do not irritate them .
They have their beliefs in the rightness of power and money and the God - given right of the white man to take and to use .
I do not read their sacred texts and attend their services , so they do not much think about me .
I seem , rather , to be at odds with liberals because we start from a very similar station but climb aboard far different trains when we take our feelings out into the world .
George W. Bush , President G. W. Bush , was and is an idiot .
A shallow , stupid man of crude appetites when younger , his life would have been of no consequence had not the Republican party chosen him as the public face of the Cheney government .
I doubt he has to this day any coherent idea of how he found himself in the White House or who made the decisions while he lived there .
He was , in the words of Mr. Bob Dylan , " only a pawn in their game . "
You know it and I know it as we say here in the woods of Maine .
And liberals and Democrats know it .
Members of the print and broadcast press know it .
Bloggers are well aware of this .
Hell , Republicans even have an obvious degree of contempt for the sad little creature who was the putative president for two terms recently ended .
They do still love and fear Dick Cheney though .
And war .
And greed .
Because Al Gore rolled over and played dead and did not misbehave or act out or fight for himself and his country , the Supreme Court short - circuited the system and gave us George Bush , his stupidity , his wars , his coddling of the rich and his courting of crazies in the far fringes of Christian American Medieval backwardness .
Then , because John Kerry was an inept fool who ran a campaign that largely ran away from everything honorable he had once done and believed in , we were blessed with a second term of Richard B. Cheney and his wooden - headed puppet .
Throughout those eight long , dark years , whenever I complained about what our poor nation had become and was doing , I was advised to vote Democratic , early and often , and to contribute money to that party and its candidates .
Only a Democratic Congress and a Democratic president , I was told , could reverse the terrible damage .
It came then to pass that we received those tools .
The Democratic president and Congress , and after some finagling even the sixty - seat majority in the Senate .
I was advised to watch for the great change to come rolling over us like a flood ; we would soon be awash in progressivism .
Our boys would come home from foreign wars , we would close our illegal prison camps , abandon torture and rendition .
The rich would again be taxed , environmental abuses rolled back , people put ahead of corporations .
We would get universal health care .
Some of this would happen immediately upon Barack Obama taking office .
Much would be in place in a magical , marvelous " first hundred days . "
What great changes a year would bring .
I do n't have to tell you there is great and crushing disappointment among those who most fervently supported candidate Obama and his campaign for Change We Can Believe In .
" I do n't want any more Clintons , " one man told me often last year .
( He did not need to tell me he wanted no more Reagans , no Romneys , no Giulianis . )
We are still wasting money and lives in Iraq .
We are wasting money and lives in Afghanistan at the highest rate since we blundered into that misunderstood ( and , yes , " misunderestimated ) country eight years ago .
We keep in wire cages and steel and stone cells persons we picked up years ago ; we do not try them nor do we release them .
Some we send still to places where men do to other men those things both Bush and Obama have said we do not do .
Our wars are not ended , they are escalated .
This new government is generous to bankers .
The worst sort of bankers .
Crooks .
Thieves .
You 've read the tales , each more lurid than the other , of the wild ride Wall Street has enjoyed at your expense .
Your taxes go to clean up their mess .
They continue to reward themselves with bonuses .
Nobody goes to jail .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Where is our new energy policy ?
Foundered on the fantasy of " clean coal " , I fear , with mountaintop removal accelerating the devastation in Appalachia and the mile - long coal trains still snaking out of Wyoming daily , hourly .
And here we are about to receive a piece of crap that will be called health care reform but will instead be a gift to the very insurance companies , their managers and their investors , who have given us the worst system in the modern world .
You may well be required to buy their bad product ( as Republican Mitt Romney required of Massachusetts ) and fined or taxed for failure to do so .
Perhaps you 'll be allowed to join with your neighbors and form a happy group to buy a bad plan together .
What you will not get is anything even vaguely similar to a progressive , fair , publicly - financed system such as the rest of the civilized nations enjoy .
What you can be sure you 'll get is the assurance that we have " passed a plan " because that 's all that this president formerly known as the candidate of change is now promising - we will get a plan this year .
It will be satisfactory to the insurance companies .
It will further enrich them .
Thousands will continue to suffer and die because this Congress and this Democratic president have made deals with and taken millions of dollars from the corporations that have brought us to our wretched present sickness .
And so it goes .
And every so often the triangulation and dealing and selling - out is concealed by the cloak of hope and promise and we are treated to another allegedly inspiring speech , often using the same inane chant we heard so often last fall : " I 'm fired up !
I 'm ready to go !
Fired up !
Ready to go ! "
( Great and sustained applause follows . )
We were desperate for a leader ; we got a motivational speaker .
There is disappointment and there is disgust and there is anger .
You can read well - reasoned , articulate essays every day that detail the hooks the war industry and the investment bankers and the coal and nuclear industries have so firmly set in the body of this administration , this Democratic majority administration .
You can have , and I have certainly had , long conversations with intelligent , honest , decent persons who are as disturbed by the policy similarities between Bush and Obama as you are
But do n't say it out loud .
Do n't predict that what we see is what we get .
Do n't look from man to pig and pig to man and pronounce them much the same .
Or do it if you like , and think it if you do , but do n't be bold and say that the Democrats are not much better for us than the Republicans .
Your betters will remind you that Dick Cheney was a worse human being than Joe Biden .
They will tell you that Obama is smart .
He is playing a careful game .
He is more progressive than his actions .
He 's only able to get what the Senate will allow him .
He means well .
He would like to do the right thing .
He 's fired up and he 's ready to go .
He 's inspiring .
He 's not George Bush .
When we elect a selectman who proves himself inadequate , unsuitable or ill - intentioned , we say so .
We complain .
We tell him he misled us .
We make his year in office unpleasant .
We do not make excuses for him .
But in that case we see only the individual , the man or the woman .
We are not bound into any notions that this or that party will take us in a different direction than another .
We seem to hear and see and understand better when we are not encumbered by faith , by the religion of party .
So I am neither amused nor amazed that the candidate of hope and change is doing the same dirty deals with the same merchants of death and greed as his predecessor .
They are both creations of the two - party system .
Whether they are ignorant dupes or are happily complicit , Republican or Democrat , white or black , may not , when the bolts are tightened and the valves adjusted and the contributions tallied and the collusion concluded , make a great deal of difference in how thoroughly you and I and the uninsured and the unadvantaged and the troops in Taliban territory and the villagers in the several countries where our taxes are turned into terror from above are screwed .
And you tell me , over and over and over again ....
Mr. Cooper works hard and gets by .
But he does not have health insurance .
He can not afford it .
Therefore he does not often seek doctoring .
Mandating his purchase of the deficient , dishonest products of the industry will not induce him to do so ; it will likely just further piss him off and cause him to generate more unwholesome , unhelpful essays such as this .
Before he leaves this author wishes to tell you that he is one resident of the state of Maine who is not impressed with the work of Senator Olympia Snowe , political bed - partner of Senator Max Baucus .
Just so you know .
Fitbit has discontinued their Fitbit One step trackers , which seems like a good opportunity to step back and reflect on wearing one for the last decade or so .
I ’ve enjoyed using Fitbit trackers , but the One devices seemed like they broke down way too often .
I ’m pretty proud that I ended up earning all the activity - related Fitbit badges though :
100,000 steps and 800 floors in one day
In 2013 , I ran a 50 mile race and I took 110,472 steps that day .
I think I did some extra steps late that night just in case Fitbit ever increased their top step badge from 100 K to 105 K or 110 K steps .
The lifetime miles badge took care of itself as long as I wore my Fitbit .
The same applied for the lifetime floor badge : I ’ve climbed 73,383 floors in the last few years , and that badge tops out at 35,000 floors .
But the Rainbow badge was a little harder : 700 floors in one day .
Climbing up Half Dome in Yosemite only got me 500 floors or so .
At some point , I found myself in Washington , DC missing only a couple badges : Mountain ( 600 floors ) and Rainbow ( 700 floors ) .
DC is n’t known for its high buildings .
I researched the Washington Monument ( 897 steps ) and the National Cathedral ( about 333 steps ) , but access was tricky and I ’d need to climb either many times .
Ultimately I decided on the New Executive Office Building , which I have access to because of my job at the US Digital Service .
That ’s how I found myself on a Sunday morning in July 2018 .
I started a podcast as I walked up the steps to the 10th floor of the NEOB ( pronounced like “ knee - ob ” ) .
Then I took the elevator down , and started walking up the steps again .
And again .
Every so often I took a bathroom break or ate a snack , but mostly I walked while listening to podcasts .
I ended up climbing 818 floors , which is basically walking up to the 10th floor about 82 times .
Fitbit claimed I burned 4000 + calories that day .
Wait a second –the badge is only for 700 floors , so why did I climb 800 + floors ?
It took me about four hours and forty - five minutes to climb all those steps that day .
Just in case Fitbit added a badge for 800 floors , I did n’t want the temptation to do re-do several hours of climbing .
Overall , Fitbit ’s badges have probably pushed me to walk more , along with a goal to get 10,000 steps a day .
As my current Fitbit
One gets more and more creaky and unreliable , I might explore a less quantified self though .
I ’m finding myself posting less on social media .
Maybe not every single thing needs to be observed and tallied .
