Joining a growing list of social media memes turned mainstream media deals is the hilarious Twitter serial Shit My Dad Says , that we recently featured as one of the ten funniest Twitter accounts around .
The author of the account , Justin Halpern , simply tweets the quips and funny off - the - cuffs from his live - in 73 - year - old dad .
The results are hysterical enough to have already landed him a book deal , and now with a CBS option deal the concept will be finding its way to the other small screen , the television .
The creators of Will & Grace , David Kohan and Max Mutchnick , are already on board to executive produce the show , planned as a family comedy .
Halpern will co-write the script with Patrick Schumacker .
The show will join " Texts from Last Night " as the second internet meme to get picked up by a broadcast network this season , both intended as half - hour series .
Do you follow @ShitMyDadSays ?
Do you think it will translate well to the television medium ?
Let us know in the comments .
102 Minutes That Changed America is a 102 - minute American television special documentary film that was produced by History and premiered commercial - free on September 11 , 2008 , marking the seventh anniversary of the attacks .
The film depicts in virtually real time the New York - based events of the September 11 attacks primarily using raw video footage from mostly amateur citizen journalists .
The documentary is accompanied by an 18 - minute documentary short called I - Witness to 9/11 , which features interviews with nine firsthand eyewitnesses who captured the video footage on camera .
According to this film , most of the archival video footage was in possession of the U.S. government but was released to History years after 9/11 .
This film was shown on Channel 4 in the UK , France 3 in France and History Channel in Brazil on Monday 07 September 2009 .
In The Netherlands it was shown on SBS6 on Wednesday 09 September 2009 .
Submitted By : Ananda
Biking is fun !
I remember when I was a kid , I used to love cycling !
I never stop well into my adult life .
It ’s a great hobby and also a good form of exercise .
But before you decide to ride around the city or your area , you should get yourself a bicycle that will fit your thirst for adventure !
Choosing a bike to make seem like an easy task , but for some people , they just decide the color or design of the bike they wanted to use or see if it ’s appropriate for their height or body structure .
However , there are still lots of things to consider before purchasing a bicycle such as its purpose and durability .
Do n’t buy it just for aesthetic purposes , take the time to ask yourself what you exactly need it for .
We provided you with some guidelines on what you need to know before buying a bike !
Know Your Goals
There are different bikes for different people .
The first thing that you have to ask yourself is , what are your goals in having a bike .
Why would you want a bike ?
For some people , a bike might be for commuting .
A bicycle can be an excellent means of transportation since it can be relatively fast .
Others would use a bike for fitness , this is again a reasonable goal , as cycling can be used to exercise the body .
For some people , they just wanted to have a bike for fun or recreational purposes .
The type of bike you wanted to get should depend on how you will use it and the reason why you would want to have one .
Different Types of Bikes
That being said , we shall now look into some of the various types of bikes available today .
First stop is called the mountain bike .
A mountain bike is mostly used for rough roads or when hiking mountain trails , hence its name .
In recent years though , it has become very popular because of the advent of cycling sports such as the X – games .
Some people purchase a mountain bike because it ’s very durable and heavy – duty , although some of it are designed just for regular use .
There are mountain bikes that have suspensions .
There are those that are called rigid mountain bikes that have no suspensions .
Mountain bikes usually have solid tires that are designed to handle rough terrains better .
Even though mountain bikes are popular , it may not be suited for everyone because it also needs maintenance .
A more practical type of bike would be a hybrid bike .
It is a combination of a mountain bike and a road bike .
This bike is more comfortable for the average rider as it has a padded seat .
For casual riders , a hybrid bike is a type we would recommend .
Another bike for the casual rider would be a cruiser bike .
A cruiser bike gives the rider an upright , more relaxed position ; this is a great bike to go around the neighborhood .
Unlike mountain bikes , a cruiser bike might only have a single speed .
Some might have a three - speed version , but it would not be used for a more grueling task .
The third type is called a city bike , also referred to as a commuter bike .
It is ideal for those who want to use it in going to school or work .
Typically this type of bike will have a single speed .
For those who might be more competitive , there is the BMX .
BMX bikes are used for sports and exhibitions .
If you like cycling sports , or just want a bike that has a smaller frame , then a BMX is the best option for you .
Today , road bikes have become less common with the advent of the mountain bike .
Road bikes and touring bikes are almost virtually the same because they both have thin tires that are fitted for the pavement than for uneven roads .
Touring bikes are more durable though , and are often used for competition and races as well .
Final Words
There are lots of options you could choose from .
Aside from the bicycles mentioned above , other bikes are more specialized , such as a triathlon bike .
For daily use though , any of the bikes mentioned would be good .
It will all depend on what your goals are and why you would want to have a bike .
If you wanted to know more about other types of bike , or everything about cycling , check out this link for more info : < http://centurycycles.com/buyers-guides/bicycle-types-how-to-pick-the-best-bike-for-you-pg9.htm>
Whatever kind of bike you may choose , just make sure that it will be a good fit for you and your needs !
Helmets on !
Have fun riding !
Please show our supporters some love .. the fine folks over at DBB the dental search experts
5 Tips That Will Help You Score More Goals This Season
One thing every player , coach and parent likes is more goals .
Every hockey player loves to score goals , especially in clinch situations like the playoffs and overtime .
The moments that are created when a hockey player scores a game changing , or game winning goal are the moments that will last a life time .
This is why it is important to learn how to score goals .
Practicing your shooting and stick handling is a great way to score more goals , however by learning new tricks and techniques you will be able to learn faster and improve faster .
This is why it is important to not only practice hockey , but also research and learn how to be better at hockey , and that is why I wrote this article , to help you become a better hockey player .
So here is the list I have compiled
Shoot the Puck
This is nothing new but still a point that should be driven home .
It is no coincidence that 10 out of the 10 forwards in the NHL with the most shots ever all have over 600 goals .
Do n’t try to make every goal a pretty one , every goal counts whether it is a beautiful dangle or a fluke shot that goes in .
If you see a shot , take it .
Even if you do n’t score your team mates can pick up rebounds making more scoring opportunities .
Be Creative Shoot for different spot , you do n’t have to shoot top shelf every time , if you do the goalie will be expecting this and your shot will be even easier to stop .
Do something different , I found ( a little to late ) that a lot of good goalies love to make glove saves , you make them really mad when you slide a hard , low shot right in one of the bottom corners .
Goalies expect good players to score flashy goals , try taking a quick shot down low , some goalies cannot get into the butterfly quick enough to stop it .
Shoot five hole –
This is great if you are in close and the goalie does not have time to close his legs in time , when you are in close and you see the legs open hammer the puck through .
Know the Goalie Watching the goalie can be a great advantage to you and your team .
When I was younger I would take a minute ( or ask my coach or parent ) to watch the other teams goalie during the warm up .
The other teams goaltender will be trying to stop a lot of shots , so if you see where most of them go in then you know the goalies weak spots and you can shoot there during the game .
Also a lot of the players on the other team will know their goalies weak spot and shoot for it during warm - up because they like to score goals even in the warm up .
Read Your Players Knowing your team mates is a great way to get more goals .
If you know when to go to the net , when to set up for a give and go , and when to hang back for a drop pass you will definitely get more scoring opportunities .
Use your brain – Hockey is a team sport , do n’t just go out on the ice and turn your brain off .
You should ALWAYS be thinking when you play , believe it or not if you make an effort to think , you will get more goals thinking about where you should be , where your team mates are going , where the puck is going , and how the goalie will react , will help you make decisions that will lead to more goals .
Do n’t Telegraph Your
Shot I think this is one of the most important tips to know and practice .
Many players , without knowing it , tell the goalie or defensemen exactly when they are going to shoot , or deke , or pass .
Good goalies pick up on these subtle ( sometimes not so subtle ) hints allowing them to stop your shot , robbing you of more goals .
Here are some tips that will help keep the goalie thinking Do n’t approach the net with the puck in front of you .
If you are on a breakaway and you have the puck in front of you then the goalie will know you are going to deke , once you bring the puck to your shooting side then the goalie knows you are going to shoot .
If you come in on the goalie stickhandling on your shooting side you can deke , pass , drop pass , or shoot .
Giving the goalie more to think about Do n’t break your stride .
Here is a neat little trick that many pure goal scorers possess .
A lot of players come in skating , pause , draw the puck back , and then shoot .
You can still score goals like this , but it gives the goalie that much more time to react .
The best goal scorers can put the puck in the back of the net before the goalie can blink , this is because they do not break their stride when they skate ( I will have a video demonstrating this later )
Try not to stare at where you are shooting .
Believe it or not goalies will notice this .
Take a look at where you are shooting , but do n’t make it really obvious , many times this is why backhand shots go in .
The player and the goalie do not know where it is going !
I hope these tips will help you score more goals in hockey .
Keep an eye out for my next article called – 5 Traits Every Pure Goal Scorer Possesses .
If you would like to get more articles like this when I post them you can enter your email address in the box to the left .
You will get tips like this sent right to your inbox whenever they are posted on the site .
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
President Barack Obama accepted his Nobel Peace Prize today , and as expected he acknowledged that even he is n’t clear why he got the prize , noting that there were millions of people more deserving .
But President Obama ’s “ acceptance speech ” was far from an expression of contrition , spending most of the speech defending his War in Afghanistan as an inherently just war , and rambling on about all the other recent American wars and his ostensible justifications of them .
Then , in what must ’ve been one of the least humble and least appropriate speeches ever given before the Nobel Committee , Obama declared non-violence to be impractical and insisted that the “ limits of reason ” meant that the American military would continue to have to be used for “ moral ” reasons .
In extolling the virtues of war while accepting what was supposed to be a prize for radical advocates of peace , President Obama had what could only be called one of the quintessential jerkass moments of American history , an embarrassing exhortation to the advocates of peace to accept violence as the one true way of solving the world ’s problems .
15th of December of 2009 regional court of Primorsky overturned sentence of anarchist anti-fascist Yuri Mishutkin , who was given a one - year probational sentence for manslaughter due to exceeding necessary limits of self - defence
15th of December of 2009 regional court of Primorsky overturned sentence of anarchist anti-fascist Yuri Mishutkin , who was 12th of October given a one - year probational sentence according to statute 108 part 1 of the Russian criminal codex ( manslaughter due to exceeding necessary limits of self - defence ) .
Yuri never denied his guiltiness , and was given a sentence according to this .
However one should pay attention to context of the case – Yuri was attacked 22nd of November 2008 by two fascists , who were stronger than him , and who had also assaulted him in the past .
Yuri also suffered heavily from Nazi attack to the ecological protest camp in Angarsk in 2007 , after which he was in coma due to his wounds .
In 2008 , Yuri hit Nazi only once with his knife , but this one hit was a lethal one .
Due to these circumstances , original sentence of Yuri , that is propabitonal sentence and requirement to pay big compensations to family of the relatives of
the Nazi should not be considered too lenient .
Once again we witness persecution of anti-fascists by authorities .
If in Moscow , anti-fascists are murdered ( last murder took place 16th of November 2009 , when a known anarchist anti-fascist Ivan Khutorskoy was shot ) , in Russian periferia authorities attempt to punish anti-fascists
in any suitable circumstances .
Overturning of the sentence of Yuri is a proof of political interference to court process .
Right now Yuri is once again in a need of funds in order to guarantee him a proper legal support during new court case .
In the beginning phase , lawyer has agreed to work for 20 000 roubles ( around 500 euros ) , which we ( Anarchist Black Cross of Moscow ) are currently gathering .
For instructions how to donate , you may visit
http://wiki.golosa.info/en/index.php/Donate
or write to us by e-mail to ask for other opportunities except a bank
transfer ( abc - msk ( at ) riseup ( dot ( net ) .
For any money transfers , please notice to us to
abc - msk ( at ) riseup ( dot ) net so that we will know which money is for Yuri .
Anarchist Black Cross of Moscow
abc-msk ( at) riseup( dot)
net
http://www.avtonom.org/abc
http://www.myspace.com/abcmsc
( source : https://avtonom.org/en/node/6367)
Using imaging mass spectrometry , researchers at the University of California , San Diego have developed tools that will enable scientists to visualize how different cell populations of cells communicate .
Their study shows how bacteria talk to one another – an understanding that may lead to new therapeutic discoveries for diseases ranging from cancer to diabetes and allergies .
In the paper published in the November 8 issue of Nature Chemical Biology , Pieter C. Dorrestein , PhD , assistant professor at UC San Diego 's Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences , and colleagues describe an approach they developed to describe how bacteria interface with other bacteria in a laboratory setting .
Dorrestein and post - doctoral students Yu - Liang Yang and Yuquan Xu , along with Paul Straight from Texas A&M University , utilized technology called natural product MALDI - TOF ( Matrix Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization - Time of Flight ) imaging mass spectrometry to uniquely translate the language of bacteria .
Microbial interactions , such as signaling , have generally been considered by scientists in terms of an individual , predominant chemical activity .
However , a single bacterial species is capable of producing many bioactive compounds that can alter neighboring organisms .
The approach developed by the UCSD research team enabled them to observe the effects of multiple microbial signals in an interspecies interaction , revealing that chemical " conversations " between bacteria involve many signals that function simultaneously .
" Scientists tend to study the metabolic exchange of bacteria , for example penicillin , one molecule at a time , " said Dorrestein .
" Actually , such exchanges by microbes are much more complex , involving 10 , 20 or even 50 molecules at one time .
Now scientists can capture that complexity . "
Peiter C. Dorrestein , PhD is a researcher at University of California - San Diego .
( Photo Credit : UC San Diego School of Medicine )
The researchers anticipate that this tool will enable development of a bacterial dictionary that translates the output signals .
" Our ability to translate the metabolic output of microbes is becoming more important , as they outnumber other cells in our body by a 10 to one margin , " Dorrestein explain .
" We want to begin to understand how those bacteria interact with our cells .
This is a powerful tool that may ultimately aid in understanding these interactions . "
In order to communicate , bacteria secrete molecules that tell other microbes , in effect , " I am irritated , stop growing , " " I need more nutrients " or " come closer , I can supply you with nutrients . "
Other molecules are secreted that may turn off the body 's defense mechanisms .
The team is currently mapping hundreds of such bacterial interactions .
Their hope is that this approach will also enable them to translate these bacterial - mediated mechanisms in the future .
Understanding the means by which microorganism cells talk to one another will facilitate therapeutic discovery , according to Dorrestein .
For instance , knowing how microbes interact with human immune cells could lead to discovery of novel immune system modulators , and how these molecules control bacterial growth may lead to new anti-invectives .
Both are active areas of investigation in his laboratory .
Source : University of California - San Diego
Users should disable JavaScript in Adobe 's Reader and Acrobat tools to protect themselves until a patch for a just - disclosed vulnerability is available , security experts said today .
The advice is timely , as noted bug researcher and exploit maker HD Moore confirmed that an exploit would be published to the open - source Metasploit penetration testing framework within a day or two .
Shadowserver , a volunteer - run group that tracks vulnerabilities , was the first to urge users to switch off JavaScript .
" We have said it before and we will say it again : Disable JavaScript , " the group said in a Monday post to its blog .
Although Shadowserver purposefully kept much of what it knew to itself , the group confirmed that JavaScript was involved .
" We can tell you that this vulnerability is actually in a JavaScript function within Adobe Acrobat [ and ] Reader , " Shadowserver claimed .
" Furthermore , the vulnerable JavaScript is obfuscated inside a ' zlib ' stream making universal detection and intrusion detection signatures much more difficult . "
Moore , the creator of Metasploit and chief security officer for security company Rapid7 , echoed Shadowserver 's advice .
" Disabling JavaScript does prevent the vulnerable code from being called , " Moore said in an e-mail to Computerworld Tuesday .
To disable JavaScript in Adobe Reader or Acrobat on Windows , users must select Preferences from the Edit menu , choose " JavaScript , " then uncheck the " Enable Acrobat JavaScript " option .
( On the Mac , Preferences is under the " Adobe Reader " or " Adobe Acrobat " menus . )
Turning off JavaScript may be the only defense against attack until Adobe patches the problem .
And it may be nearly a month before that happens :
Adobe 's next regularly - scheduled security updates for Reader / Acrobat are to ship Jan. 12 , 2010 .
But if Moore 's preliminary work is any indication , attack code will go public long before then .
" It is a little tricky to make reliable , but we are on track and should have a Metasploit update ready within a day or two at the latest , " Moore said , referring to the probable release of an exploit module for the testing framework .
Moore obtained a sample of the malicious PDF document being used to exploit the bug only this morning .
Moore also defended Metasploit 's practice of providing working exploit code to anyone , including hackers .
" Since the bug is 1 ) public and 2 ) widely exploited , we feel that adding an exploit module is the right thing to do , as it provides a safe way for folks to verify that their mitigation efforts actually work , " said Moore .
Adobe will release its own in - lieu - of - patch recommendations later today , said Brad Arkin , Adobe 's director for product security and privacy , in a direct tweet to Computerworld .
" Full advisory coming later today with mitigation details , " Arkin said around 3 p.m. Eastern .
" Team is pulling that info together now . "
Earlier today , Arkin told IDG News Service reporter Bob McMillan that the exploit targeted Windows users only .
" It may trigger a crash on other platforms , but not an exploit , " Arkin said in a direct tweet to McMillan .
Adobe Reader and Acrobat run on Windows , Mac OS X and Linux .
@ Starchasr
Lying for Jesus comes so naturally to this bozo you almost feel like he might be just a genius of satire trolling for trolls .
But Poe ’s law aside , every now and then he pipes up with true classics .
For example : “ Yes !
Sorry what do they have to do with evolution ? ” in response to the question , “ You ever heard of chemistry , biology , geology , genetics and palaeontology ? ”
@JuanitaBerguson
Filled to the brim with hatred for anyone who is n’t as brainwashed as she is , particularly if they ’re any more intellectually curious than a liverwort .
Also noted for her complete lack of honesty when asked direct questions and explosive righteous indigence when the same is done to her .
For example : “ Sorry I do n’t read atheist propaganda ” when directed towards a wikipedia page explaining the Haldane and Oparin experiment .
@meganphelps
Everything that she stands for is repugnant and vile .
But she is a Phelps after - all , so it ’s par for the course .
Loves her Granddaddy ( and yes I do mean in the biblical sense ) even though he ’s a closeted , self - loathing puke who enjoys physically abusing his own children .
She ’s typically unaware of how hilarious her lack of honesty is .
For example : “ @almightygod Since you ’re obviously unmoved by truth or facts , I have a better question : why not stop looking for excuses & just obey ? ”
Legislation currently pending in Massachusetts would limit the time period for which a party is required to pay alimony to an ex-spouse , a change that some say is needed to update antiquated laws .
A bill before the state legislature would limit alimony payments in many divorces to " a reasonable period of time " which is defined as half the length of the marriage , but no longer than 12 years unless the supported spouse has minor children .
The goal of the bill is that " any party needing alimony shall be self - supporting within a reasonable period of time . "
The bill would also require alimony payments to drop 10 percent annually after 5 years ( unless the recipient is not able to support him / herself through employment or has custody of a child under 16 years old . )
Some say the current law , which can allow lifetime alimony , unfairly punishes high - earning spouses .
The fact that the amount and term of alimony ( while taking into account the length of marriage and earnings of both parties ) are at the discretion of the court gives the judge too much flexibility .
In addition , with the ability of women to work and earn their own living , rules that were created in a different era do n't apply anymore .
I once heard a mediator in a divorce case remind a spouse that " divorce is not a pension plan " and that she should n't expect to be taken care of for the rest of her life .
I think that is a fair and equitable way to look at the situation .
Of course there will always be situations when lifetime alimony may be necessary and the bill wo n't deny those parties their due .
But remember that the purpose of alimony is to support the lesser - earning spouse while he or she does what is necessary to become self - sufficient .
By Dana Larsen
GREEN BUDS AND HASH
Would you like green buds and hash ?
- No I would not , Mister Stash !
Would you like them in a bong ?
Would you like them all day long ?
- No I would not in a bong !
- No I would not all day long !
- I do not like green buds and hash .
- I do not want them Mister Stash !
Would you like them wrapped in paper ?
Will you try them now or later ?
- I do not want them wrapped in paper .
- I do n't want them now or later .
- I do n't want them in a bong ,
- I do not want them all day long .
- I do not like green buds and hash ,
- I do not want them Mister Stash !
Would you like them in a joint ?
- No I would not , what 's the point ?
Perhaps you would prefer a puff ?
Just have one , that is enough .
- I wo n't partake , not of a puff ,
- Nor a hoot , nor hit , nor huff !
Would you try a tiny toke ?
- No I do n't want any smoke !
What if they were vaporized ?
- I 've told you no a thousand times !
Would you , could you , in a cake ?
Or in cookies I can bake ?
- I do not want them in a cake ,
- Or in cookies you could bake .
- I do not want them vaporized ,
- Or other means you have devised .
- I do not wish to try a toke ,
- Or otherwise inhale smoke .
- I wo n't participate in puffs ,
- You have asked me quite enough !
- I get no joy from juicy joints ,
- I really do not see the point .
- I do not want to use the bong ,
- I think that buds and hash are wrong .
In a tincture would you take it ?
I could show you how to make it .
- I do not want them in a tincture
- Or in any other mixture !
- I do not want green buds and hash ,
- I do not want them Mister Stash !
- Why do you care if I try them ?
- Will you profit if I buy them ?
I offer buds and hash for free ,
There is no benefit to me .
Someone said that that you were sick ,
green buds and hash might do the trick .
If you find you 're getting thinner ,
With no appetite for dinner ,
Or you suffer from sclerosis ,
Epilepsy or neuroses ,
For almost all the ills that ail ya ,
buds and hash will never fail ya .
Have glaucoma ?
PMS ?
Green buds and hash have much success .
For protection against strokes ,
Its best to have some potent tokes .
If your muscles are not dandy ,
Try some green bud infused candy .
For migraines , spasms , even cancer ,
Green buds and hash provide the answer .
If you are not feeling right ,
Then have green buds and hash tonight .
- It 's true I am not feeling great ,
- My health 's been rather poor of late .
- My doctor says that I have ills ,
- He told me I should take these pills .
- I cannot even sleep at night ,
- I never do feel quite alright .
- I will try green buds and hash ,
- I will try them Mister Stash !
Pffffffffffffff​t !​
- Hey now I am feeling good !
- They worked just like you said they would .
- I have never felt this fine !
- Green buds and hash are quite divine !
- I will bake a green bud brownie ,
- Whenever I am feeling frowny .
- I will try them vaporized ,
- That technique seems very wise .
- I will take them in a tincture ,
- And in every other mixture .
- Perhaps I would prefer to puff ,
- And stop when I have had enough .
- I will roll some massive joints ,
- And smoke them down to little points .
- I will toke upon the bong ,
- I will do it all day long .
- I really like green buds and hash ,
- I do enjoy them Mister Stash !
- Thanks for being so insistent
- And for being so persistent .
- My mind and body are improved ,
- My spirit also has been moved .
- Though I was told they are a sin ,
- Green buds and hash are medicine .
- I 'm sorry that I was so hateful ,
- Now I know I should be grateful !
- Thank you , thank you , Mister Stash ,
- Thank you for green buds and hash !
Tyler Durden ’s Guide To Personal Finance
Tweet
I am Baker ’s raging excitement …
I think I ’m going to enjoy writing this much more than you enjoy reading it .
For those of you who are n’t familiar with Tyler Durden , he is an essential character in Fight Club , which is both a novel and movie .
While the novel came a few years before , the movie escalated into a cult classic in the years following its DVD release .
If you are n’t familiar with the character , well … we should probably part ways here .
For those that are still with me , let ’s get some things out of the way .
We are n’t going to be talking about masculinity , violence , mental disorders , religion , or even politics .
These themes run rampant through the movie and have been discussed in great length and detail by individuals much smarter and more witty than me .
Instead , we are going to have fun .
We are going to dive into some of the most famous of Tyler ’s quotes ( movie ) and attempt to pull any applicable personal finance wisdom from them .
The movie ’s strong anti-consumerism message will make some of these very easy , while others may seem like more of a stretch .
I ’ll let you decide !
Here are Tyler ’s thought on a wide variety of personal finance themes :
On the pursuits of material possessions …
“ The things you own end up owning you . ”
Let ’s start the party off right .
This is not only my favorite , but certainly one of the most popular quotes in the entire movie .
The lead - up , timing , and delivery make it ’s impact undeniable .
As I mentioned in my last post , my suggestion for this is to create a list of everything you own … and sell half within the next two weeks .
Or rig your condo and blow them all up .
Whatever floats your boat .
On avoiding lifestyle inflation …
“ Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken ”
Leveraging debt and living outside of your means has its benefits .
For example , on a short time , frame you can get very good at looking wealthy , happy , or successful .
Heck , you can even feel these emotions for a while .
But in the long run it ’s all imitation .
You can pretend all you want , but eventually it ’s going to crumble .
On rejecting consumerism …
“ We ’re consumers .
We are bi-products of a lifestyle obsession .
Murder , crime , poverty , these things do n’t concern me .
What concerns me are celebrity magazines , television with 500 channels , some guy ’s name on my underwear . ”
Obviously this is one of the central themes of Tyler ’s philosophy .
While his approach is rather extreme , it ’s hard to argue against the fact that our obsession with consuming is at very core of the majority of our financial woes .
While capitalism has many great benefits , we ’ve got to be able to set limits , especially in our personal lives .
On separating your identity from your financial picture …
“ You ’re not your job .
You ’re not how much money you have in the bank .
You ’re not the car you drive .
You ’re not the contents of your wallet .
You ’re not your fucking khakis . ”
Far too many people draw a major part of identity from the state of their financial life , their career , or their possessions .
We can all agree that establishing control over your financial life is important in maintaining a balanced life .
Buts it ’s only one part of many that goes into this .
My motto… make your finances a priority , but not the priority .
On recovering from financial mistakes …
“ Only after disaster can we be resurrected . ”
There is no financial situation that is so grim that you cannot bounce back .
There are endless success stories of people who ’ve overcome extremely desperate financial conditions and came out on top .
In fact , many of us need to hit our own ‘ rock bottom ’ before any lasting change can be made .
Stop making excuses and start creating your own personal recovery story .
On sowing first … so you can reap down the road …
“ You wanna make an omelet , you gotta break some eggs . ”
Success in personal finance rarely comes quickly .
Of the times that it does , it ’s usually gone within a couple years .
Just ask the average lottery winner .
To create lasting change you ’ve got to sacrifice up front .
You ’ve got to take care of the daily basics .
The ones that are n’t as sexy or appealing as many alternatives .
In the end , though , you ’ll be the one enjoying the omelet .
On the ability to learn , grow , and evolve …
“ I say never be complete , I say stop being perfect , I say let … lets evolve , let the chips fall where they may . ”
Another one of my personal favorites .
It ’s reminds us all that personal finance , like the other areas of our lives , is about the journey rather than the destination .
There ’s nothing wrong with saving for retirement , but your life should n’t be one big climb up to the edge of a cliff .
Make it a journey .
It ’ll be mostly uphill , but take the scenic , winding route and allow yourself to enjoy the view .
On the courage to take control of your finances …
“ People do it everyday , they talk to themselves … they see themselves as they ’d like to be , they do n’t have the courage you have , to just run with it . ”
Everyone wishes they could pay off debt .
They wish they had the savings to start their business or follow their passions .
They dream of nailing the perfect job at a great company .
But the people who accomplish these things actually do something about it .
Tyler points out that it all comes down to courage .
The courage to run with it .
On overcoming emotions to make wise financial decisions …
“ Listen , you can run water over your hand and make it worse or … LOOK AT ME … or you can use vinegar and neutralize the burn . ”
Emotions play a huge part in our finances .
They are an integral part of how we spend our money , what decisions we make regarding major life events , and even how we react to the stock market and our investing .
There are many times in the heat of the moment that we end up making our worst financial mistakes .
Instead of taking the quickest , easiest , or most convenient option , we need to slow down and think about what will be the most effective choice .
On the value of trusting your financial advisors …
“ You do n’t know where I ’ve been , Lou … you do n’t know where I ’ve been . ”
A little bit of a stretch ?
Maybe .
In all honesty , though , if we ’ve learned anything from our current recessions its that we need to be careful who we trust with our hard earned investing dollars .
There are seasoned and qualified professional in every community , we ’ve just got to take extra steps to ensure we ‘ know where they ’ve been . ’
On keeping your financial life in perspective …
“ First you have to give up , first you have to know … not fear … know … that someday you ’re gonna die . ”
Why this may appear to be a negative quote , Tyler actually uses it to empower .
And it ’s 100 % true .
We ca n’t take any of it with us .
This is n’t about living a fast life or squandering just to squander .
A wretched financial existence has the potential to bleed into and poison every other aspect of your life .
By taking control of our finances , we can leverage them to support the pursuits in life that are the most fulfilling .
On not settling in your career …
“ I see all this potential , and I see squandering .
God damn it , an entire generation pumping gas , waiting tables ; slaves with white collars . ”
At some point , for a wide variety of reasons , many of us settle .
We settle for average and for comfort .
Rather than pursue our passions and fail , we lower our expectations and conform .
More often than not , this ends up limiting both our happiness and our finances .
We ’ve got to find ways to recreate that spark .
We need to realize that it ’s better to try and fail , than to settle and regret .
On conscious spending …
“ Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes , working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we do n’t need . ”
As many of you know , this is a big one for me .
Courtney and I are constantly looking for ways to ensure that we are open - eyed and aware when we spend our money .
It ’s not that we never choose to ‘ blow ’ money .
But rather that we are the ones making the choice to buy and not the advertisers or the neighbors down the street .
Whether you use credit , debit , or cash , it ’s important to take steps to ensure you ’re spending consciously .
On adjusting to the ‘ real ’ world out of school …
“ We ’ve all been raised on television to believe that one day we ’d all be millionaires , and movie gods , and rock stars .
But we wo n’t .
And we ’re slowly learning that fact .
And we ’re very , very pissed off . ”
Everyone goes through this phase .
It happens right out of high school , during our college years , or at some point soon after graduation .
It ’s adjusting from more sheltered life to the harsh reality of the ‘ real ’ world .
Some of us panic and revolt .
Others get scared and settle .
Neither of these extremes holds all the answers .
Balancing the drive to pursue your passions with the immediate need to ‘ make ’ a living is a continual struggle for all but a lucky few .
On striving for a work / life balance …
“ I am free in all the ways that you are not . ”
This quote has many meanings .
While it ’s true , it ’s also ironic .
The whole truth is Tyler is n’t really free , either .
His radical and obsessive nature is a restriction in itself .
Ultimately , true freedom would exist somewhere in between the two polarizing characters , which is one aspect that makes the story so compelling .
It ’s the quest for this balance that removes our limitations and let ’s us truly shine .
On not being afraid to take risks …
“ I do n’t wanna die without any scars . ”
There is such a thing as being too conservative , especially in our approach to finances .
There ’s nothing admirable about being cheap .
Nothing cool about being a tightwad .
There ’s a fine line between these traits and earnest frugality , but the line is there .
You ’ve got to be willing to take some risks , even in your finances .
Giving yourself room to live a little will help you avoid burnout , breakdown , or self - destruction .
Do n’t be afraid to take some chances and make some mistakes .
On ‘ doing what works for you ’…
“ How ’s that working out for you ? – [ What ? ] – Being clever .
– [ Great . ] – Keep it up then… right up . ”
Tyler ’s message here is clear .
Once you find something that works , do n’t mess it up .
If you find a way to budget that works for your family , use it .
If you ’ve found that slicing your credit cards into tiny pieces enables you to clearly focus on your financial goals , go get a sharp knife .
Explore until you find something that fits you and then keep plugging away at it .
It ’s really that simple .
On mastering the basics of personal finance …
“ To make soap , first we render fat . ”
Personal finance principles build upon themselves .
Everyone learns in different ways , however there are certain fundamental aspects that with make everything else more smooth .
For example , all the fancy investing techniques and career advances wo n’t get you anywhere if you ’re spending more than you make and constantly plagued by lifestyle inflation .
Even at high levels of income , the basics like creating a liquid emergency fund , sticking to a budget , and avoiding impulse purchases are essential .
Fundamentals first , just like in little league .
On the quarter - life crisis dilemma …
“ My dad never went to college , so it was real important that I go .
– [ Sounds familiar . ] –
So I graduate , I call him up long distance , I say ‘ Dad , now what ? ’
He says , ‘ Get a job . ' ”
What am I going to be when I grow up ?
I still do n’t know the answer to this question .
Unfortunately , the standard life path of elementary - middle - high - college - job - marriage - job - kid - kid - job - job - retire - die does n’t really encourage us to explore much .
At least not until we retire .
I know firsthand what it ’s like to be responsible for more than just yourself .
Ultimately , though , we still have the choice to design our financial lives so that they are more in line with our passions and purpose .
As you can see , Tyler Durden seems to know more about personal finance than you ’d first expect .
Which lines are your favorite ?
What other personal finance lessons can we take from these ?
Remember , this is your life and it ’s ending one minute at a time .
What are you going to do today to take control of the time you have left ?
Tweet
Analyse des Schweizer Referendums : Frauen stimmten gegen Minarette
Ausschlaggebend für die Mehrheit gegen Minarette in der Schweiz war laut Forschern die Zustimmung von linksgerichteten Frauen .
Sie wollten ein Zeichen gegen eine autoritäre Kultur setzen .
Nach der völlig überraschenden Mehrheit von 57,2 Prozent für ein Minarettverbot in der Schweiz stellt sich die Frage , wer diejenigen waren , die am Sonntag für das Referendum gestimmt haben .
Statistisch nachweisbar ist ein starkes Stadt - Land - Gefälle zwischen GegnerInnen und Befürworterinnen .
Und wie bei ähnlichen Abstimmungen in den Niederlanden und Belgien fand die Verbotsinitiative dort am stärksten Unterstützung , wo die wenigsten oder keine der rund 380.000 Schweizer MuslimInnen leben .
Die größte Zustimmung erhielt die Verbotsinitiative in den rein oder überwiegend ländlichen Kantonen .
An der Spitze mit über 71 Prozent liegt der Kanton Appenzell - Innerrhoden .
In allen Großstädten des Landes , in denen über 90 Prozent der MuslimInnen leben , wurde das Minarettverbot abgelehnt .
Am deutlichsten mit fast 60 Prozent im Stadtkanton Genf , wo eine der vier Schweizer Moscheen mit Minarett steht .
Deutlich war die Ablehnung auch an den beiden Minarettstandorten Zürich und Winterthur .
Der einzige Minarettstandort mit einer Mehrheit für das Verbot war die ländliche Kleinstadt Wangen bei Olten .
Ausschlaggebend für die landesweite Mehrheit war - ebenfalls ähnlich wie in den Niederlanden und Belgien - nach Überzeugung der beiden PolitologInnen Regula Stämpli und Michael Hermann die hohe Zustimmung von Frauen , die sich als Feministinnen und als links verstehen und zum Teil bei den Grünen oder der Sozialdemokratischen Partei aktiv sind .
" Diese Frauen wollten ein Zeichen setzen gegen eine Kultur , die sie als autoritär , machohaft und aggressiv empfinden " , erklärt Hermann .
Sie verbänden mit dem Islam vor allem Burka , Scharia , " Ehrenmorde " und andere Formen der Unterdrückung von Frauen .
Zwar spielten diese Aspekte bislang in der Schweiz keine Rolle .
Hier sind die Muslime besser integriert als in jedem anderen europäischen Land .
Doch das hinderte viele linke und feministische Frauen nicht an der Zustimmung zum Minarettverbot .
Ebenso wenig wie die Doppelmoral der Verbotsinitiatoren , der rechtspopulistischen Parteien SVP und EDU , die in ihren Parteiprogrammen ein rückständiges Frauenbild propagieren .
Ein Teil der VerbotsbefürworterInnen aus dem linken Lager legte am Abstimmungssonntag aus persönlichen oder taktischen Gründen ein " Ja " in die Urne in der durch alle Umfragen genährten sicheren Erwartung , dass die Initiative landesweit keine Mehrheit erhalten werde .
Und bei den Umfragen vor der Abstimmung , die zumeist nicht anonym , sondern telefonisch durchgeführt wurden , gaben sie an , mit " Nein " stimmen zu wollen .
Das ist einer der wesentlichen Gründe , warum der Schweizer Umfrageguru Claude Longchamps so weit danebenlag wie nie zuvor .
In seiner letzten , zwei Wochen vor der Abstimmung für das Schweizer Fernsehen durchgeführten Befragung prognostizierte Longchamps eine Zustimmung zum Minarettverbot von lediglich 37 Prozent .
The annual American Bankers Association meeting in Chicago is not going as planned .
Besieged by activists from the Service Employees International Union , the AFL - CIO and Americans for Financial Reform , the leaders of America ’s financial sector were interrupted Sunday night as a throng of protesters poured into the conference area and began to chant .
The meeting , scheduled to continue through Tuesday , will feature “ [ exceptional ] speakers like FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair , Comptroller of the Currency John Dugan , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , and political commentator George Will , ” the ABA ’s site announced .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ All we wanted to do was deliver a letter to the Wall Street bankers to let them know how much they ’ve hurt our communities – and what they need to do to clean up their act , ” the SEIU ’s blog declared .
“ They would n’t listen to us .
They kicked us out .
But , the bad news for them is that we ’ll be back .
We ’re not going to leave after tonight .
In fact , more and more people are coming to Chicago in the next 48 hours .
What started as a thousand people tonight will continue to grow up until Tuesday when more than 5,000 taxpayers march on the ABA and demand an end to Wall Street greed . ”
Instead of delivering a letter , they shouted their message .
“ Bust up big banks ! ” activists chanted .
When police confronted a senior who was damning the ABA over a loudspeaker , the crowd shifted into cries of “ Shame on you !
Shame on you ! ”
When police finally got around to pushing them out , cheers of “ We ’ll be back ” shook the hotel ’s lobby .
“ Our demand is simple : stop taking our tax dollars and squandering them away on billion dollar bonuses and massive lobbying campaigns against financial reform , ” the SEIU said .
Groups participating in the ABA protest this year are calling the action “ the showdown in Chicago ” and posting regular updates to a Web site dedicated to the action .
ADVERTISEMENT
Speaking to protesters earlier in the night , Sen. Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) advocated for greater regulation of America ’s banks “ to ensure that the robber barons that are responsible for this recession do n’t get away with creating it and then declaring themselves a dividend , ” according to Bloomberg .
Video of Durbin ’s speech is available on the Huffington Post .
This video was published to YouTube by user ABA Showdown on Oct. 25 , 2009 .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
The banner advertised a book about net censorship
The UN has been criticised for stifling debate about net censorship after it disrupted a meeting of free - speech advocates in Egypt .
UN security demanded the removal of a poster promoting a book by the OpenNet Initiative ( ONI ) during a session at the Internet Governance Forum in Egypt .
The poster mentioned internet censorship and China 's Great Firewall .
The UN has said that it had received complaints about the poster and that it had not been " pre-approved " .
" If we are not allowed to discuss topics such as internet censorship , surveillance and privacy at a forum on internet governance , then what is the point of the IGF ? "
Ron Deibert , co-founder of the OpenNet Initiative told BBC News .
' Objections ' Professor Deibert said that he had been asked by the UN special rapporteur For Human Rights , who witnessed the removal , to send a formal letter of complaint .
Video of the event , posted to YouTube , show a UN security guard gathering up the poster from the floor and taking it away .
" No UN official was involved in throwing the poster on the floor , " a UN spokesperson said .
Net talking shop kicks off debate " Following repeated requests from the IGF Secretariat to remove the poster from the floor , a UN Security [ guard ] removed it from the floor and folded it undamaged .
The organisers were told that they could pick it up anytime later that evening . "
The UN said they had received complaints about the poster from " delegates " and that it had not been " pre-approved for posting outside the allocated room " .
Part of the banner read : " internet censorship and surveillance are increasing in democratic countries as well as authoritarian states .
" The first generation of controls , typified by China 's ' Great Firewall ' , are being replaced by more sophisticated techniques that go beyond mere denial of information . "
Mr Deibert said that he asked " repeatedly " to see " rules or regulations governing this act " .
" They did not give us any , only referring to the ' objections of a member state ' , " he told BBC News .
' Surprising decision '
It followed an earlier incident when UN officials asked the ONI to stop distributing an invitation which " mentioned Tibet " , according to Mr Deibert .
The UN said the invitation was advertising " a film on ' free Tibet ' , which was not mentioned in the original request for the room " .
" The IGF Secretariat approved the request by the OpenNet Initiative ( ONI ) for a room on the first day of the Forum to promote the book Access Controlled and a room was allocated for that purpose , " it said in a statement .
" Officials from the Forum 's Secretariat requested the organisers not to distribute the flyer or show the film as this is not what the room was requested for and second , these were concerned with a political issue not related to the Internet Governance Forum . "
The ONI agreed to stop handing out the flyers , according to Mr Deibert .
Human rights activists have criticised the UN - sponsored Internet Governance Forum for holding the meeting in Egypt .
Reporters Without Borders said it was " surprised " by the decision and questioned the country 's approach to free speech online .
The Internet Governance Forum ( IGF ) brings together government officials , businesses and net luminaries .
Web creator Sir Tim Berners - Lee used a keynote speech at the event to launch the World Wide Web Foundation , a group set up to use the web to drive social and economic change , largely in the developing world .
The IGF grew out of a previous meeting called World Summit on the Information Society that was held in Tunisia in 2005 .
It has more than 1,400 participants and runs from 15 to 18 November .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tell the European Commission how you think regulatory burden could be reduced and how existing laws could be improved and made more effective .
Love Maims
The most controversial and shocking horror film of the year is Deadgirl , a dark drama about two dysfunctional teens ( a confused nice guy named Rickie and his bad boy pal JT ) who discover a young woman chained up in the basement of an abandoned asylum .
Rather than rescue and release her , they proceed to use her as their sex slave .
The Deadgirl ( bravely played and endured by newcomer Jenny Spain ) seems barely alive and has the ability to heal from all the abuse her body sustains , which makes Rickie and the other boys he eventually brings into the sordid affair feel justified in their actions , even though what they ’re doing is vile and inhumane .
Disturbing and delirious , Deadgirl touches upon issues of sexuality , power , gender and class , and it also explores the blurred lines between adolescent love and lust and the confusion that those feelings bring .
It ’s also difficult to watch and will spark off debate before you ’re even done watching it .
A.D.D. conducted an exclusive interview with co-directors Marcel Sarmiento and Gadi Harel just prior to their film winning “ Best Villain ” ( Noah Segan as JT ) at last month ’s Chiller Eyegore Awards in Los Angeles .
Rape and torture have been brutally depicted in such cult films as I Spit On Your Grave and Last House On The Left , and while those movies are more graphic in their portrayals — and , some would argue , irresponsible and exploitative —
Deadgirl sinks into your psyche because of what is often implied and not shown , leaving your imagination to run wild into places you ’d rather not venture .
The film , which has received press from The Washington Post , the Hollywood Reporter and MSN , is both engrossing and repugnant , something it ’s creators are strongly aware of .
What response have you gotten to the movie so far ?
Gadi Harel :
The response from the DVD release has been pretty awesome .
Just the fact they we ’re winning this [ Chiller - Eyegore ] award next to Rob Zombie and the SAW franchise is kind of unbelievable .
Being in that group is pretty spectacular .
We had a big premiere in Toronto , and it really helped make our small movie into something more noteworthy .
It ’s gotten a really great release from Dark Sky Films .
We see it reviewed in the Washington Post and see it on Netflix within the first week and a half — 27,000 people have ranked or voted on the movie .
The response has really been great .
How do people personally respond to the movie ?
It ’s usually [ split ] right down the middle , but they ’re noticing it and definitely seeking it out .
It ’s been a really exciting time for us .
We had the same reaction when we read the script .
At first we were like , “ Holy shit , you ’ve got to be kidding me . ”
Then we could n’t quite get it out of our heads and started talking about how there was something really intriguing about this idea , why it ’s so relatable in a twisted way , and was there a way we could actually make this movie and make it watchable ?
When you were casting for the part of the Deadgirl , what were your responses to the different actors who were auditioning for the role ?
Marcel : I think we knew that we would have to get someone very special .
We started with the route you might expect , with certain kinds of people that would have no problem with nudity coming to audition , and we thought we were in trouble .
We did not want the kind of people that we were seeing , and we really did n’t know what to do .
We thought we might not actually be able to make the movie because she is so vital obviously , but then we heard about this actress Jenny [ Spain ] who lived in the Midwest somewhere and had never really acted before .
She really got the script , was really enthusiastic about it and got what we were trying to do .
She had great instincts , and I think we really lucked out with her .
It was a kismet moment because we really did n’t know who to cast and how to cast the part .
Gadi : Jenny brought a lot to the part .
The greatest thing she brought was n’t just comfort with nudity .
She brought more .
It requires a lot more than that .
We did get lucky .
Yes , and it ’s also scary and new .
Intimacy is terrifying when you ’re a kid .
I think as much as you want to have sex , even if you really do n’t know what it is , there ’s something really scary and dangerous about the unknown .
I think a lot of Rickie ’s feelings have to do with wanting this thing , and maybe it ’s JoAnn , but at the same time what it represents is terrifying .
In the same way , what Rickie is thinking about JoAnn is what JT is thinking about the Deadgirl .
They ’re both imagining and objectifying find this ideal — twisted or not twisted , normal or not normal — of what love and sex is .
Both stories are the same , and that ’s the real connection — being young and figuring it all out , and obviously we take it to a hyperreal place .
I ’ve discussed with directors like Dario Argento and Stuart Gordon the concern about how a lot of horror is viewed and criticized as being misogynistic .
Gordon admitted to me that he thought a lot of horror was based upon the fear of beautiful women .
A lot of genre filmmakers seem to have that issue , for some particular reason .
Have you faced criticism on that front , particularly from people who do n’t see further into the film than what ’s on the surface ?
Gadi : Yeah .
Half the people just say that we ’re living out some crazy rape fantasy that we have and dismiss it , but the other half really takes the time and sees a lot that we intended .
Sometimes people see things that we did n’t intend .
Feminists come out for it , and feminists come out against It . it ’s just one of those movies that lays a lot out there for you , and a lot of people are open to it and a lot of people shut down immediately because of the subject matter , which we completely understand , too .
Over the past year we ’ve heard every reaction that someone can have to this movie .
Marcel :
When you do a story like this , you know going in that a good chunk of people are going to easily dismiss it or label it because its [ viewed at ] face value .
But that ’s true of any movie .
We just have a movie that you can get upset and excited about if it rubs you the wrong way or you do n’t get it .
I ’m a big heavy metal and horror fan , and I have discovered that some of those fans do n’t get irony or symbolism .
For example , you can have an anti-war song done from the perspective of a war monger to show how ugly the mentality is , but there are many people who will take it for literally what it sounds like .
There are many horror fans that will go deeper into what ’s happening in the genre , and then there were those that literally watch it for the gore and violence and do n’t think about anything that ’s going on underneath .
Do you worry about people misinterpreting what you ’re doing ?
Gadi :
We do n’t worry about it because we know it ’s going to come with it .
We are really thrilled and excited at the number of people who are able to give the movie the attention and thought that we think it deserves .
You never want somebody to dismiss something that you put a lot into and believe in and that you think says a lot .
We had a screening where a mother and daughter talked about how much it moved them and captured the essence of being young and the fears , and they really responded to it .
That ’s really exciting .
Marcel : I ’ll just add that I do n’t worry about people misinterpreting it so much because in this story there are real consequences to what these kids do , and no one ’s really enjoying themselves .
I think those are two big differences from perhaps other movies that are pretty extreme .
Nobody ’s having a good time , even the “ bad guys ” who are doing it , and they all suffer real consequences .
We ’re not glorifying anything .
There are issues of gender and class at play here .
At one point JT says , “ This is probably the best we ’re ever going to get . ”
Many people make certain decisions in their life and relationships because they ’re taught or told that ’s what they ’re supposed to do .
Were you thinking about that all when you are making this film ?
Were you contemplating the fact that some people do n’t think they can get what they want and find themselves feeling trapped ?
Gadi : Absolutely , and that ’s such a key line .
That ’s not just a class thing or a gender thing .
It ’s just an element of life and of growing up and making decisions .
When he yells , “ This is the best we ’re going to have , ” it applies to so many things .
When you ’re a kid , it puts your entire future on a whole other level of having to really face , “ What is my life going to be like ? ”
And is that statement true ?
I think it ’s a very universal thought and fear , whether it ’s in this situation or not , and that was something that we really wanted to bring to the material — the truth of growing up and of looking at your life and the choices that you have to make .
[ It ’s ] probably more so around that age , but I do n’t think you ever really shake those moments .
I think they come and go throughout your life .
It was important to have these things that were timeless truths .
It ’s not just about kids and not just about kids today .
It ’s just about life , as pretentious as that may sound .
Marcel :
We always argue about how people say this movie is so extreme and so awful , but when you really think about it and if you step away and break it down , what you see on screen is actually much tamer compared with some other movies .
But for some reason our movie is considered much more horrific and awful and terrible because of the tone and the way we approached it .
People come out saying they saw something that they never saw .
They just imagined it .
That ’s really been fascinating and great .
A film like I Spit On Your Grave is a more brutal , extreme movie .
Gadi : Even with the recent [ remake of ]
Last House On The Left , all we heard about was this brutal , intense , crazy rape scene in there , but it is in the form of this slickly packaged horror movie , and when you look at Deadgirl and see what we really show in terms of her and what the boys do , it ’s actually quite tame in comparison .
We ’ll come out as a much more vile horror movie , but as Marcel said it ’s because of our tone .
It ’s packaged in a really weird way that makes it feel a lot worse .
I will say that our movie is not very sexy , and that ’s one difference between a lot of these other depictions of this kind of stuff .
I ’m sure there are people out that are getting a thrill from the movie — there are people for everything — but I feel like in all of those other movies , even The Accused , the aggressors are more powerfully shown and [ as ] having fun , whereas these kids in our movie are n’t ever .
Even when they ’re doing what they ’re doing , they always seem miserable .
There is a desperate sadness to all of their action .
They so want something that they do n’t have in life .
It ’s not even sex , its power or just feeling that they belong with their friends and are n’t different .
There ’s all this other stuff going on .
But like you said with Crank , with this story most people we talked to just assumed we were making a campy , B - level movie like Zombie Strippers ; a crazy , fun movie .
If we did that , I feel we would ’ve gotten a huge release , like playing in malls .
Just going with the campy comedy really makes these actions much more acceptable , which is worse .
It should be worse to make light of it , but for some reason it can almost be more accessible to people .
In this tutorial , you will be able to examine actual patients with these lesions .
By moving a virtual stethoscope over the chest , you can listen to the heart at several listening locations , while a
t the same time , you will see a video of the patient 's pulsations in the neck , precordium , or extremities .
The findings are explained with text , as well as illustrated with phonocardiograms , hemodynamic data , and computer animations .
Migala was a rock - based experimental band formed in Madrid , Spain in the year 1996 .
The band is known for its complex , varied , and often cathartic musical arrangements , heavily influenced by post - rock , folk , pop and traditional Spanish music .
They have released five LP's .
After the split - up in 2004 , many members continued to be involved in various musical projects , such as El Hijo num9 and Fantasy Bar
Before he arrived at the Beverly Garland Holiday Inn in North Hollywood , Rick Mitchell had heard it was undergoing a makeover , part of a companywide plan to standardize every room in the chain .
But the new curtains , linens and shower heads were n’t what caught his attention .
It was the choice of firm or soft pillow on each bed .
“ I ’ve never encountered that in another hotel I ’ve stayed in , ” said Mitchell , a wedding officiant from Ohio who was in Southern California on vacation recently .
The improvements at the Beverly Garland were part of a chainwide renovation effort by franchise operator InterContinental Hotels Group to give guests in each hotel the same quality services and amenities , right down to identical sheets on every bed and the same easy - listening music channel playing in every lobby .
It harks back to the founding goal of the 52 - year - old chain : to offer uniform service at every hotel .
Advertisement
At the North Hollywood location where Mitchell stayed , that has meant a $ 2.5 - million renovation , with a remodeled lobby and courtyard and flat - screen TVs in every room .
But not all of the Holiday Inn hotels -- most of which are owned by individual investors , families or private companies -- are going along with the program .
Already , dozens of hotels across the country have dropped out of the chain because of the cost of the upgrades , which run an average of $ 150,000 to $ 250,000 per property , most of which must be paid by the owners .
Still other hotel owners , including a handful in Southern California , have abandoned the chain for another reason -- to break away from the cookie - cutter image proposed by the hotel ’s corporate leaders .
InterContinental officials expect about 300 hotels to drop out by the time the two - year project is completed at the end of 2010 .
Advertisement
Under the relaunch , InterContinental requires the hotels to remodel cluttered lobbies and add new bed linens , pillows , curtains , shower heads , shower rods and bath soaps , among other improvements .
A machine in every hotel lobby sprays a fragrance approved by InterContinental .
Upgrades have already been completed at some hotels .
Kevin Kowalski , a Holiday Inn senior vice president , said those facilities have already begun to generate up to 7 % more revenue per available room than those that have not remodeled .
Hotels that fail to make the changes will be dropped from the chain .
InterContinental set a Feb. 1 deadline for hotels in North , Central and South America to commit to the relaunch effort .
As of November , about 300 hotel owners had failed to make that commitment .
InterContinental officials could not say how many hotel owners were opting out because of cost .
Advertisement
“ If the owners ca n’t or are not willing to [ pay for the upgrades ] , those properties are voting themselves out of the system , ” said Mark Carrier , chairman of IAHI , the association that represents the owners of the InterContinental properties .
“ It ’s not a positive thing , but we want to be part of a very high - quality system . ”
Already , dozens of former Holiday Inn owners have broken ranks and joined competitors such as Best Western and Choice Hotels , among the nation ’s largest economy and mid-scale hotel chains .
Those hotels that have joined Best Western or Choice Hotels wo n’t have to worry about paying for upgrades .
Both hotel chains have forgone mandated improvements , partly because of the economic slump .
“ We ’ve benefited from Holiday Inn ’s decision to go in this direction , ” said Choice Hotels spokesman David Peikin .
Advertisement
At the other end of the economic spectrum are businesses like the Hotel Hanford in Costa Mesa , which left the security of the Holiday Inn chain Dec. 1 to be an independent hotel .
“ We felt the Holiday Inns have a certain image , ” said Donald Sodaro , president of Hanford Hotels Inc. , which operates the 225 - room hotel a few bocks west of the John Wayne Airport .
“ We felt constrained in our ability to attract the customer that comes in that area . ”
Instead of investing $ 4 million to upgrade the hotel and meet the Holiday Inn renovation program , he said the Hotel Hanford has spent about $ 7 million on upgrades , including new bathtubs and a remodeled restaurant .
Another secessionist , the Hollywood Heights Hotel , abandoned the chain in the summer of 2008 to be a “ boutique in waiting , ” said Kathleen Cook , the hotel ’s director of sales and marketing .
Advertisement
Its owner , CIM Group Inc. , instead invested in new paint inside and out , linens , flat - screen TVs , drapes and pillows , among other improvements to attract young , hip Hollywood tourists , including guests visiting the nearby Hollywood Bowl .
The 160 - room hotel also remodeled its bar and restaurant , converting it from what Cook called an “ outdated and tired ” eatery to a stylish restaurant with a retro 1960s look that specializes in comfort food .
The hotel lost some customers by dropping out of the Holiday Inn chain , she said , but the property is slowly rebounding .
“ It was tougher than we expected , but we are gaining , ” she said .
The move to break free may be risky .
Business is way down for hotels , and pricey ones are feeling the pinch even more than most .
Advertisement
Revenues per room have dropped by more than 20 % this year , the steepest decline in more than 50 years .
“ It ’s a gamble for those guys , ” said William Edmundson , a hospitality executive and consultant from Bethesda , Md . By breaking away , independent hotels lose out on the chain ’s nationwide marketing efforts and reservation system , he said .
But independent hotels can succeed , he said , by attracting young , tech - savvy travelers who are looking for a unique lodging experience .
In addition , independent hotels do n’t pay franchise fees , one of a hotel ’s largest expenses , after payroll .
Advertisement
For hotels that have stayed with Holiday Inn and invested in the upgrades , there is a payoff , said Bert Seneca , general manager of the Beverly Garland Holiday Inn .
Seneca said guests have praised the improvements at the 255 - room hotel over the last two years .
“ Our property was very tired , ” he said .
The upgrades included new furniture in the lobby , potted plants near the entrance , 37 - inch flat - screen TVs in each room , a new courtyard and a remodeled restaurant .
Maeve MacDermod , who has stayed at the Beverly Garland Holiday Inn several times over the last few years while on business trips from Cincinnati , said she was impressed by the new courtyard , the new carpeting in the hallways , the remodeled lobby and improvements around the pool .
Advertisement
“ The difference in the decor was amazing , ” she said .
“ The older rooms had a kitschy ‘ 70s feel , while the newer ones had new carpet , updated bed and window linens and a definably more modern feel . ”
hugo.martin@latimes.com
This is the third part of a seven - part article on Perl one - liners .
In this part I will create various one - liners for calculations .
See part one for introduction of the series .
Perl one - liners is my attempt to create " perl1line.txt " that is similar to " awk1line.txt " and " sed1line.txt " that have been so popular among Awk and Sed programmers .
The article on Perl one - liners will consist of at least seven parts :
After I 'm done explaining all these one - liners , I 'll publish an ebook .
Subscribe to my blog to know when that happens !
The one - liners will make heavy use of Perl special variables .
A few years ago I compiled all the Perl special variables in a single file and called it Perl special variable cheat - sheet .
Even tho it's mostly copied out of perldoc perlvar , it 's still handy to have in front of you , so print it .
Awesome news : I have written an e-book based on this article series .
Check it out :
And here are today 's one - liners :
Calculations
21 . Check if a number is a prime .
perl - lne ' ( 1x $ _ ) !~ /^1 ?$ |^( 11 +? ) \1+$ / && print " $_ is prime " '
This one - liner uses an ingenious regular expression to detect if a given number is a prime or not .
Do n't take it too seriously , though .
I included it for its artistic value .
First , the number is converted in its unary representation by " ( 1x $ _ ) " .
For example , 5 gets converted into " 1x5 " , which is " 11111 " .
Next , the unary number gets tested against the ingenious regular expression .
If it does n't match , the number is a prime , otherwise it 's a composite .
The regular expression works this way .
It consists of two parts " ^ 1 ? $ " and " ^ ( 11 + ? ) \1+$ " .
The first part matches " 1 " and empty string .
Clearly , empty string and 1 are not prime numbers , therefore this regular expression matches , which indicated that they are not prime numbers .
The second part determines if two or more 1s repeatedly make up the whole number .
If two or mores 1s repeatedly make up the whole number , the regex matches , which means that the number is composite .
Otherwise it 's a prime .
Let 's look at the second regex part on numbers 5 and 6 .
The number 5 in unary representation is " 11111 " .
The " ( 11 + ? ) " matches first two ones " 11 " .
The back - reference " \ 1 " becomes " 11 " and the whole regex now becomes " ^ 11 ( 11 ) + $ " .
It can't match five ones , therefore it fails .
But since it used " +? " , it backtracks and matches the first three ones " 111 " .
The back - reference becomes " 111 " and the whole regex becomes " ^ 111 ( 111 ) + $ " .
It does n't match again .
This repeats for " 1111 " and " 11111 " , which also do n't match , therefore the whole regex does n't match and the number is a prime .
The number 4 in unary representation is " 1111 " .
The " ( 11 + ? ) " matches the first two ones " 11 " .
The back - reference " \ 1 " becomes " 11 " and the regex becomes " ^ 11 ( 11 ) + $ " .
It matches the original string , therefore the number is not a prime .
The " - lne " command line options have been explained in parts one and two .
22 . Print the sum of all the fields on a line .
perl - MList :: Util=sum - alne ' print sum @F '
This one - liner turns on field auto - splitting with " - a " command line option and imports the " sum " function from " List : : Util " module with " - MList : : Util=sum " option .
The " List : : Util " is in the Perl core so you do n't need to worry about installing it .
As a result of auto - splitting the split fields end up in the " @ F " array and the " sum " function just sums them up .
The - Mmodule=arg option imports arg from module and is the same as writing :
use module qw( arg )
This one - liner is equivalent to the following :
use List :: Util qw( sum ) ; while ( <> ) { @ F = split ( ' ' ) ; print sum @F , "
" ; }
23 .
Print the sum of all the fields on all lines .
perl - MList :: Util=sum - alne ' push @S , @F ; END { print sum @S }'
This one - liner keeps pushing the split fields in " @ F " to the " @S " array .
Once the input is over and perl is about quit , END { } block gets called that outputs the sum of all items in @ F .
This sum is the sum of all fields over all lines .
This solution is n't too good - it creates a massive array @S .
A better solution is to keep just the running :
perl - MList :: Util=sum - alne '$s += sum @F ; END { print $s }'
24 . Shuffle all fields on a line .
perl - MList :: Util=shuffle - alne ' print " @{ [ shuffle @ F ] } " '
This is almost the same as one - liner # 22 above .
Instead of summing all fields , it shuffles and prints them .
The " @{ [ shuffle @ F]} " construct creates an array reference to the contents of " shuffle @F " and " @ { ... } " dereferences it .
This is a tricky way to execute code inside quotes .
It was needed to get the values of shuffled @F separated by a space when printing them out .
Another way to do the same is join the elements of @F by a space , but it 's longer :
perl - MList :: Util=shuffle - alne ' print join " " , shuffle @F '
25 . Find the minimum element on a line .
perl - MList :: Util=min - alne ' print min @F '
This one - liner uses the " min " function from " List : : Util " .
It 's similar to all the previous ones .
After the line has been automatically split by " - a " , the " min " function finds minimum element and prints it .
26 . Find the minimum element over all the lines .
perl - MList :: Util=min - alne ' @M = ( @M , @F ) ; END { print min @M }'
This one - liner is a combination of the previous one and the # 23 .
The " @M = ( @M , @ F ) " construct is the same as " push @M , @ F " .
It appends the contents of @F to the array @M .
This one - liner stores all the data in memory .
If you run it on a 10 terabyte file , it will die .
Therefore it 's better to keep the running minimum element in memory and print it out at the end :
perl - MList :: Util=min - alne ' $ min = min @F ; $rmin = $ min unless defined $ rmin && $ min > $ rmin ; END { print $ rmin } '
It finds the minimum of each line and stores in $ min , then it checks if $ min is smaller than the running minimum .
Once the input ends , it prints the running minimum , which is the smallest value over all input .
27 .
Find the maximum element on a line .
perl - MList :: Util=max - alne ' print max @F '
This is the same as # 25 , except " min " has been replaced with " max " .
28 . Find the maximum element over all the lines .
perl - MList :: Util=max - alne ' @M = ( @M , @F ) ; END { print max @M }'
This is the same as # 26 .
Or :
perl - MList :: Util=max - alne ' $ max = max @ F ; $rmax = $ max unless defined $ rmax && $ max < $ rmax ; END { print $ rmax }'
29 . Replace each field with its absolute value .
perl - alne ' print " @{ [ map { abs } @ F ] } " '
This one - liner auto - splits the line by " - a " command line option .
The split fields , as I already explained , end up in the @F variable .
Next it calls the absolute value function " abs " on each field by the help of " map " function .
Finally it prints it joins all the fields by the help of array interpolation in double quotes .
The " @{ ... } " construct was explained in one - liner # 24 .
30 .
Find the total number of fields ( words ) on each line .
perl - alne ' print scalar @F '
This one - liner forces to evaluate the @F in scalar context , which in Perl means " the number of elements in @ F . "
Therefore this one - liner prints out the number of elements on each line .
31 . Print the total number of fields ( words ) on each line followed by the line .
perl - alne ' print scalar @F , " $ _ " '
This is exactly the same as # 30 , except " $ " is added at the end that prints out the whole line .
( Remember that " -n " option caused each line to be put in the $ variable . )
32 . Find the total number of fields ( words ) on all lines .
perl - alne '$t += @F ; END { print $ t} '
Here we just keep adding the number of fields on each line to variable " $t " , and at the end we print it out .
The result is number of words on all lines .
33 .
Print the total number of fields that match a pattern .
perl - alne ' map { / regex / && $ t++ } @F ; END { print $t } '
This one - liner uses the " map " function that applies some operation on each of the elements in @F array .
In this case the operation checks if each element matches / regex / and if it does , it increments variable $t .
At the end it prints this variable $t that contains the number of fields that matched / regex / pattern .
A better way to do it is by looping :
perl - alne '$t += / regex / for @F ; END { print $t }'
Each element in code >@F </ code is tested against regex .
If it matches , / regex / returns 1 ( true ) , which gets added to variable $t .
This way the number of matches get counted in $t .
The best way is to use grep in scalar context :
perl - alne '$t += grep / regex / , @F ; END { print $t }'
Grep in scalar context returns the number of matches .
This number gets accumulated in $t .
34 . Print the total number of lines that match a pattern .
perl - lne '/ regex / && $ t++; END { print $t }'
The /regex / evaluates to true if the current line of input matches this regular expression .
Writing / regex / && $ t++ is the same as if ( $_ =~ / regex / ) { $ t++ } , which increments variable $t if the line matched the pattern .
Finally in the END block the variable $t contains the total number of pattern matches and it gets printed out .
35 . Print the number PI to n decimal places .
perl - Mbignum=bpi - le ' print bpi( 21 ) '
The bignum package exports bpi function that calculates constant PI to wanted accuracy .
This one - liner prints PI to 20 decimal places .
The bignum library also exports constant PI alone to 39 decimal places :
perl - Mbignum=PI -le ' print PI '
36 . Print the number E to n decimal places .
perl - Mbignum=bexp - le ' print bexp ( 1,21 ) '
The bignum library also exports bexp function that takes two arguments - the power to raise e to and accuracy .
This one - liner prints the constant e to 20 decimal places .
You can print the value of e^2 to 30 decimal places this way :
perl - Mbignum=bexp - le ' print bexp ( 2,31 ) '
Just the same as with PI , bignum exports the constant e alone to 39 decimal places :
perl - Mbignum=e -le ' print e'
37 . Print UNIX time ( seconds since Jan 1 , 1970 , 00:00:00 UTC ) .
perl - le ' print time '
The built - in function " time " returns seconds since the epoch .
38 . Print GMT ( Greenwich Mean Time ) and local computer time .
perl -le ' print scalar gmtime '
The " gmtime " function is a Perl built - in function .
If used in scalar context , it prints the time localized to Greenwich time zone .
perl -le ' print scalar localtime '
The " localtime " built - in function acts the same way as " gmtime " , except it prints the computer 's local time .
In array context both " gmtime " and " localtime " return a 9 element list ( struct tm ) with the following elements .
( $ second , [ 0 ] $ minute , [ 1 ] $ hour , [ 2 ] $ month_day , [ 3 ] $ month , [ 4 ] $ year , [ 5 ] $ week_day , [ 6 ] $ year_day , [ 7 ] $ is_daylight_saving [ 8 ] )
You may slice this list , or print individual elements if you need just some part of this information .
For example , to print H: M:S , slice elements 2 , 1 and 0 from localtime :
perl - le ' print join " : " , ( localtime ) [ 2, 1,0 ] '
39 .
Print yesterday 's date .
perl - MPOSIX - le ' @now = localtime ; $ now [ 3 ] -= 1 ; print scalar localtime mktime @now '
Remember that localtime returns a 9 - list ( see above ) of various date elements .
The 4th element in the list is current month 's day .
If we subtract one from it we get yesterday .
The " mktime " function constructs a Unix epoch time from this modified 9 - list .
And " scalar localtime " construct prints out the new date , which is yesterday .
The POSIX package was needed because it exports mktime function .
It 's supposed to normalize negative values .
40 .
Print date 14 months , 9 days and 7 seconds ago .
perl - MPOSIX - le ' @now = localtime ; $ now [ 0 ] -= 7 ; $ now [ 4 ] -= 14 ; $ now [ 7 ] -= 9 ; print scalar localtime mktime @now '
This one - liner modifies 0th , 4th , and 7th elements of @now list .
The 0th is seconds , the 4th is months and 7th is days ( see the table of 9 element time list above ) .
Next , mktime creates
Unix time from this new structure , and localtime , evaluated in scalar context , prints out the date that was 14 months , 9 days and 7 seconds ago .
41 . Calculate factorial .
perl - MMath :: BigInt -le ' print Math :: BigInt->new (5 ) ->bfac ( ) '
This one - liner uses bfac ( ) function from Math : : BigInt module that is in the Perl core ( no need to install ) .
Math :: BigInt -> new ( 5 ) construction creates a new Math : : BigInt object with value 5 , then a method bfac ( ) is called on the newly created object to calculate the factorial of 5 .
Change 5 to any number you want to find factorial for the value you are interested in .
Another way to calculate factorial is by just multiplying numbers from 1 to n together :
perl - le ' $f = 1 ; $f *= $ _ for 1..5 ; print $ f '
Here we initially set $f to 1 .
Then do a loop from 1 to 5 and multiply $f by each of the values .
The result is 12345 , which is the factorial of 5 .
42 . Calculate greatest common divisor .
perl - MMath::BigInt=bgcd - le ' print bgcd(@list_of_numbers ) '
Math :: BigInt has several other useful math functions .
One of them is bgcd that calculates the greatest common divisor of a list of numbers .
For example , to find gcd of ( 20 , 60 , 30 ) , you 'd execute the one - liner this way :
perl - MMath :: BigInt=bgcd -le ' print bgcd ( 20,60,30 ) '
Surely , you can also use Euclid 's algorithm .
Given two numbers $n and $m , this one - liner finds the gcd of $n and $m .
The result is stored in $m .
perl - le ' $n = 20 ; $m = 35 ; ( $ m , $n ) = ( $n , $m % $n ) while $ n ; print $ m '
43 . Calculate least common multiple .
Another function from Math :: BigInt is lcm - the least common multiplicator .
This one - liner finds lcm of ( 35 , 20 , 8 ) :
perl - MMath :: BigInt=blcm - le ' print blcm ( 35,20,8 ) '
If you know some number theory , then you 'll recall that there is a connection between gcd and lcm .
Given two numbers $n and $m , their lcm is $ n * $m / gcd ( $n , $m ) , therefore one - liner follows :
perl - le ' $ a = $n = 20 ; $b = $m = 35 ; ( $ m , $n ) = ( $n , $m % $n ) while $ n ; print $ a*$b / $m '
44 . Generate 10 random numbers between 5 and 15 ( excluding 15 ) .
perl - le ' $ n=10 ; $ min=5 ; $ max=15 ; $ , = " " ; print map { int ( rand ( $ max - $min ) ) +$min } 1..$n '
You can modify this one - liner by changing variables $n , $ min , $ max .
The variable $n stands for how many random numbers to generate , and [ $ min , $max ) is the generation range .
The variable $ , gets set to a space because it 's the output field separator for print and it 's undef by default .
If we did n't set it to a space , the numbers would get printed concatenated together .
45 . Find and print all permutations of a list .
perl - MAlgorithm :: Permute - le ' $l = [ 1,2,3,4,5 ] ; $ p = Algorithm :: Permute -> new ( $l ) ; print @r while @r = $ p -> next '
This one - liner uses the object - oriented interface of Algorithm : : Permute module to find the permutations ( all ways to rearrange items ) .
The constructor of Algorithm : : Permute takes an array reference to an array of elements to permute .
In this particular one - liner the elements are numbers 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 .
The next object function returns the next permutation .
Calling it repeatedly iterates over all permutations .
Each permutation is put in code > @r </ code array and is then printed .
Please note that the output list gets large really quickly .
There are n!
permutations for a list of n elements .
Another way to print out all permutations is to use the exported permute subroutine :
perl - MAlgorithm :: Permute - le '@l = ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) ; Algorithm :: Permute : : permute { print " @l " } @l '
46 . Generate the power set .
perl - MList :: PowerSet=powerset - le '@l = ( 1,2,3,4,5 ) ; for ( @{powerset ( @l ) } ) { print " @$ _ " }'
Here I use the List :: PowerSet module from CPAN .
It exports the powerset function , which takes a list of elements and returns a reference to a list containing references to subset lists .
In the for ( ) loop , I call the powerset function , pass it the list of elements in code > @l < / code .
Next I dereference the return value of powerset , which is a reference to a list of subsets .
Next , I dereference each individual subset code > @$ _</ code and print it .
For a set of n elements , there are exactly 2n subsets in the powerset .
47 . Convert an IP address to unsigned integer .
perl - le ' $i=3 ; $u += ( $ _<<8*$i--) for " 127.0.0.1 " =~ /( \d+ ) /g ; print $ u '
This one - liner converts the IP address 127.0.0.1 into unsigned integer ( which happens to be 2130706433 ) .
It does it by first doing a global match of ( \d+ ) on the IP address .
Doing a for loop over a global match iterates over all the matches .
These matches are the four parts of the IP address .
Next the matches are added together in the $u variable , with first being bit shifted 83 = 24 places , the second being shifted 82 = 16 places , the third 8 places and the last just getting added to $u .
But this one - liner does n't do any error checking on the format of an IP address .
You may use a more sophisticated regular expression to add checking , such as /^( \d+ ) . ( \d+ ) .( \d+ ) .( \d+ ) $ /g .
I had a discussion about this with a friend and we came up with several more one - liner :
perl - le ' $ip = " 127.0.0.1 " ; $ ip =~ s/( \d+ ) \.?/sprintf( " %02x " , $ 1 ) / ge ; print hex ( $ip ) '
This one - liner utilizes the fact that 127.0.0.1 can be easily converted to hex as 7f000001 and then converted to decimal from hex by the hex Perl function .
Another way is to use unpack :
perl - le ' print unpack ( " N " , 127.0.0.1 ) '
This one - liner is probably as short as it can get .
It uses the vstring literals ( version strings ) to express the IP address .
A vstring forms a string literal composed of characters with the specified ordinal values .
Next , the newly formed string literal is unpacked into a number from a string in Network byte order ( Big - Endian order ) and it gets printed .
If you have a string with an IP ( and not a vstring ) , then you first have to convert the string with the function inet_aton to byte form :
perl - MSocket - le ' print unpack ( " N " , inet_aton ( " 127.0.0.1 " ) ) '
Here inet_aton converts the string " 127.0.0.1 " to the byte form ( which is the same as pure vstring 127.0.0.1 ) and next it unpacks it as the same was as in previous one - liner .
If you want a reference of pack and unpack templates ( such as " N " for Network order ) , get my Perl pack / unpack cheat sheet !
48 . Convert an unsigned integer to an IP address .
perl - MSocket - le ' print inet_ntoa( pack ( " N " , 2130706433 ) ) '
Here the integer 2130706433 first gets packed into a number in Big - Endian and then it gets passed to inet_ntoa function that converts a number back to an IP address .
Another way to do it is by bit shifting and printing one byte at a time :
perl -le ' $ip = 2130706433 ; print join " . " , map { ( ( $ ip > > 8 *( $ _ ) ) &0xFF ) } reverse 0..3 '
And by the way , join " . " can be replaced by the special variable $ , that acts as a value separator for print statement :
perl -le ' $ip = 2130706433 ; $ , = " . " ; print map { ( ( $ ip > > 8 *( $ _ ) ) &0xFF ) } reverse 0..3 '
See my Perl special variable cheat sheet for the list of all variables .
Perl one - liners explained e-book
I 've now written the " Perl One - Liners Explained " e-book based on this article series .
I went through all the one - liners , improved explanations , fixed mistakes and typos , added a bunch of new one - liners , added an introduction to Perl one - liners and a new chapter on Perl 's special variables .
Please take a look :
Have fun and until next time
Have fun with these one - liners for now .
The next part is going to be about string and array creation .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 26th , 2009
Via : Chris Floyd :
While we were all out doing our Christmas shopping , the highest court in the land quietly put the kibosh on a few more of the remaining shards of human liberty .
It happened earlier this week , in a discreet ruling that attracted almost no notice and took little time .
In fact , our most august defenders of the Constitution did not have to exert themselves in the slightest to eviscerate not merely 220 years of Constitutional jurisprudence but also centuries of agonizing effort to lift civilization a few inches out of the blood - soaked mire that is our common human legacy .
They just had to write a single sentence .
Here ’s how the bad deal went down .
After hearing passionate arguments from the Obama Administration , the Supreme Court acquiesced to the president ’s fervent request and , in a one - line ruling , let stand a lower court decision that declared torture an ordinary , expected consequence of military detention , while introducing a shocking new precedent for all future courts to follow : anyone who is arbitrarily declared a “ suspected enemy combatant ” by the president or his designated minions is no longer a “ person . ”
They will simply cease to exist as a legal entity .
They will have no inherent rights , no human rights , no legal standing whatsoever — save whatever modicum of process the government arbitrarily deigns to grant them from time to time , with its ever - shifting tribunals and show trials .
This extraordinary ruling occasioned none of those deep - delving “ process stories ” that glut the pages of the New York Times , where the minutiae of policy - making or political gaming is examined in highly - spun , microscopic detail doled out by self - interested insiders .
Obviously , giving government the power to render whole classes of people “ unpersons ” was not an interesting subject for our media arbiters .
It was news that was n’t fit to print .
Likewise , the ruling provoked no thundering editorials in the Washington Post , no savvy analysis from the high commentariat — and needless to say , no outrage whatsoever from all our fierce defenders of individual liberty on the Right .
But William Fisher noticed , and gave this report at Antiwar.com :
In the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court ’s refusal Monday to review a lower court ’s dismissal of a case brought by four British former Guantanamo prisoners against former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld , the detainees ’ lawyers charged Tuesday that the country ’s highest court evidently believes that “ torture and religious humiliation are permissible tools for a government to use . ”
… Channeling their predecessors in the George W. Bush administration , Obama Justice Department lawyers argued in this case that there is no constitutional right not to be tortured or otherwise abused in a U.S. prison abroad .
The Obama administration had asked the court not to hear the case .
By agreeing , the court let stand an earlier opinion by the D.C. Circuit Court , which found that the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act – a statute that applies by its terms to all “ persons ” – did not apply to detainees at Guantanamo , effectively ruling that the detainees are not persons at all for purposes of U.S. law .
The lower court also dismissed the detainees ’ claims under the Alien Tort Statute and the Geneva Conventions , finding defendants immune on the basis that “ torture is a foreseeable consequence of the military ’s detention of suspected enemy combatants . ”
The Constitution is clear : no person can be held without due process ; no person can be subjected to cruel and unusual punishment .
And the U.S. law on torture of any kind is crystal clear : it is forbidden , categorically , even in time of “ national emergency . ”
And the instigation of torture is , under U.S. law , a capital crime .
No person can be tortured , at any time , for any reason , and there are no immunities whatsoever for torture offered anywhere in the law .
And yet this is what Barack Obama — who , we are told incessantly , is a super - brilliant Constitutional lawyer — has been arguing in case after case since becoming president :
Torturers are immune from prosecution ; those who ordered torture are immune from prosecution .
They ca n’t even been sued for , in the specific case under review , subjecting uncharged , indefinitely detained captives to “ beatings , sleep deprivation , forced nakedness , extreme hot and cold temperatures , death threats , interrogations at gunpoint , and threatened with unmuzzled dogs . ”
Again , let ’s be absolutely clear : Barack Obama has taken the freely chosen , public , formal stand — in court — that there is nothing wrong with any of these activities .
Nothing to answer for , nothing meriting punishment or even civil penalties .
What ’s more , in championing the lower court ruling , Barack Obama is now on record as believing — insisting — that torture is an ordinary , “ foreseeable consequence ” of military detention of all those who are arbitrarily declared “ suspected enemy combatants . ”
And still further : Barack Obama has now declared , openly , of his own free will , that he does not consider these captives to be “ persons . ”
They are , literally , sub -humans .
And what makes them sub-humans ?
The fact that someone in the U.S. government has declared them to be “ suspected enemy combatants . ”
( And note : even the mere suspicion of being an “ enemy combatant ” can strip you of your personhood . )
This is what President Barack Obama believes — believes so strongly that he has put the full weight of the government behind a relentless series of court actions to preserve , protect and defend these arbitrary powers .
Dictatorship , War | Posted in Atrocities Top Of Page
If the juvenile and wildly erratic behavior of celebrity environmentalist Ed Begley , Jr. is anything to go by , the warmists are more upset about ClimateGate than they are letting on .
Begley appeared on Fox News yesterday to react to the explosive story of the hacked CRU emails which prove that climate scientists affiliated with the UN IPCC altered temperature data models in order to " hide the decline " in global warming since the 1960's , as well as engaging in academic witch hunts to ensure the work of skeptical scientists was blocked from appearing in peer - reviewed journals .
When asked about the scandal , Begley immediately resorted to invoking the words , " peer reviewed studies , " uttering the phrase no less than eight times in an attempt to dismiss the hundreds of skeptical scientists whose stance on global warming proves that the debate is not over .
Unfortunately for this clown , his constant repetition of the term only discredited his argument with each mention .
The hacked emails show that warmists conspired to conduct academic witch hunts in order to prevent studies which did n't jive with their agenda from appearing in peer - reviewed journals .
As the Telegraph 's James Delingpole highlights , the expose` reveals , " A long series of communications discussing how best to squeeze dissenting scientists out of the peer review process .
How , in other words , to create a scientific climate in which anyone who disagrees with AGW can be written off as a crank , whose views do not have a scrap of authority . "
Other emails illustrate how warmists embarked on a campaign to discredit peer - reviewed journals that dared publish studies which contradicted the man-made global warming hypothesis .
The emails illustrate that the peer - review process is completely corrupted .
Warmists can invoke " peer - reviewed studies " until they are blue in the face , as Begley does in this interview , but the fact is that the entire foundation of the argument has been debunked now it is proven that an inherent bias to censor unfavorable studies from appearing in such journals has been in place .
The rest of the interview mainly consists of Begley having a tantrum , wildly gesticulating and waving his finger around like a drunken sailor .
Implicit within his behavior is everything that has come to represent the climate cultists -- a religious - style zeal in proclaiming absolute truth , an obstinate refusal to even entertain dissenting opinions , and an aggressive shouty posture indicative of someone in deep denial attempting to drown out anything that might contradict their flimsy argument .
Hilariously , Begley flip - flops within the space of twenty seconds , first claiming that the government should come into private homes to conduct energy audits , then almost immediately contradicting himself .
" You should have an energy audit in your home to make it more efficient , " states Begley , before the host makes his point about the government coming into people 's homes and telling them they can't have incandescent light bulbs .
" What kind of American believes that the government should come right into a private house and say you can't have this kind of light bulb , " asks the host , to which Begley responds , " Nobody 's going to come into your house . "
Which is it Ed ?
You can't have your cake and eat it .
Begley then begins mumbling about children 's toys and toasters before he flip - flops again by insinuating that cleaner air in LA is related to steps taken to combat global warming .
The host puts him on the spot , stating , " That has nothing to do with global warming . "
Begley then admits , " I know it has nothing to do with global warming , " raising the question of why he brought it up in a debate about global warming , as well as why he ludicrously then invokes seat belts and air bags .
Watch the video below .
The Begley clip follows an interview with Senator Inhofe .
Advertisements
If it is the holiday season it is time for Fox News ’ Bill O’Reilly to revive his charge that secular progressives have declared war on Christmas , but interestingly while hyping Dick Morris ’ book , O’Reilly declared that it would make a great , “ Christmas / holiday / Hanukkah book . ”
Has Bill - O abandoned the war on Christmas ?
This all started back in 2005 , when O’Reilly claimed that progressives were at war with Christmas as a part of their larger agenda , “ See , I think its all part of the secular progressive agenda to get Christianity and spirituality and Judaism out of the public square .
Because if you look at what happened in Western Europe and Canada , if you can get religion out , then you can pass secular progressive programs like legalization of narcotics , euthanasia , abortion at will , gay marriage , because the objection to those things is religious - based , usually . ”
O’Reilly has faithfully stuck with his war on Christmas claims for the past four years .
Keep in mind that his whole theory is based around the idea that progressives are trying to replace the phrase Merry Christmas with the phrase Happy Holidays .
However O’Reilly seems to be cracking under the strain of being on the sole defender , of Christmas based on what he said during Wednesday ’s program .
Advertisements
O’Reilly said , “ The top story tonight now reaction from Dick Morris the author of the big bestselling book Catastrophe which makes a great Christmas / holiday / Hanukkah book / gift whatever . ”
Whatever ?!?!
Bill , you are the defender of Christmas .
You are at war , man .
There can be no whatever involved when the entire fate of our republic rests on your shoulders .
Could it be that Bill - O has given up the fight ?
Who will save America from all the liberals whose lips say Merry Christmas , but their eyes say Happy Holidays ?
Bill , you have to get back on the horse and show us that the best way to defend Christmas is to be intolerant of other points of view .
Before anyone freaks out and thinks that I have lost my mind , let me say that I am just having a bit of fun here .
It does make me wonder though if O’Reilly has finally given up on his war on Christmas nonsense .
Since Glenn
Beck has shown up on FNC , and shown O’Reilly the real meaning of crazy , he toned it down quite a bit .
In fact , O’Reilly has farmed out the war on Christmas duties to Fox Business and John Stossel :
According to Crooks and Liars , Bill - O told Stossel , “ But my point is , that I thought it was fascist — fascism , which offends a libertarian like you — for a CEO or a store manager to tell their employees , ‘ You better not say Merry Christmas ’ — even though the reason we ’re selling stuff is because of Christmas .
Is n’t that fascism ? ”
I guess O’Reilly is only trying to keep up with the right wing times .
Since the culture wars appear to be over , Bill is having to re brand the war on Christmas as a part of the right wing ’s war against fascism .
I wonder if Stossel had any idea he was going to get saddled with the war on Christmas when joined FNC ?
KAMPALA , Uganda , Dec. 12 ( UPI ) --
Female genital mutilation has been outlawed in Uganda under a bill passed unanimously by the Parliament , lawmakers said .
Ugandans convicted of the practice , also known as female circumcision , face up to 10 years in prison .
If a girl dies from the surgery , which involves cutting off the clitoris to reduce sexual feeling , convicted offenders would be sentenced to life in prison .
Advertisement
" A majority of Ugandans felt it is a disgusting act , but you have to remember that this is a cultural belief that has been practiced for generations , " government spokesman Fred Opolot told CNN in a story published Saturday .
The bill passed late Thursday could be amended to include compensation for victims of genital mutilation , said Alice Alaso , a member of Parliament .
" Our goal is to protect these girls , and we will continue to do so , " she said .
An estimated 3 million women and girls are subjected to genital mutilation annually in Africa , Asia , India , Indonesia and Malayasia , United Nations documents said .
@FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER
Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs GENEVA 
Four years after cartoons of the prophet Muhammad set off violent protests across the Muslim world , Islamic nations are mounting a campaign for an international treaty to protect religious symbols and beliefs from mockery — essentially a ban on blasphemy that would put them on a collision course with free speech laws in the West .
Documents obtained by The Associated Press show that Algeria and Pakistan have taken the lead in lobbying to eventually bring the proposal to a vote in the U.N. General Assembly .
If ratified in countries that enshrine freedom of expression as a fundamental right , such a treaty would require them to limit free speech if it risks seriously offending religious believers .
The process , though , will take years and no showdown is imminent .
The proposal faces stiff resistance from Western countries , including the United States , which in the past has brushed aside other U.N. treaties , such as one on the protection of migrant workers .
Experts say the bid stands some chance of eventual success if Muslim countries persist .
And whatever the outcome , the campaign risks reigniting tensions between Muslims and the West that President Barack Obama has pledged to heal , reviving fears of a " clash of civilizations . "
Four years ago , a Danish newspaper published cartoons lampooning the prophet Muhammad , prompting angry mobs to attack Western embassies in Muslim countries , including Lebanon , Iran and Indonesia .
In a countermovement , several European newspapers reprinted the images .
The countries that form the 56 - member Organization of the Islamic Conference are now lobbying a little - known Geneva - based U.N. committee to agree that a treaty protecting religions is necessary .
The move would be a first step toward drafting an international protocol that would eventually be put before the General Assembly — a process that could take a decade or more .
The proposal may have some support in the General Assembly .
For several years the Islamic Conference has successfully passed a nonbinding resolution at the General Assembly condemning " defamation of religions . "
If the treaty was approved , any of the U.N. 's 192 member states that ratified it would be bound by its provisions .
Other countries could face criticism for refusing to join .
The United States has declared it wo n't accept international treaties that restrict the First Amendment right to free speech .
But there are signs the U.S. is worried by the Islamic Conference campaign .
Behind the scenes it has been lobbying hard to quash the proposal , dispatching a senior U.S. diplomat to Geneva last month for talks described as akin to trench warfare .
" The U.S. presence can be significant in determining the whole destiny of the process , " said Lukas Machon , who represents the International Commission of Jurists at the U.N.
From a legal point of view , " the whole exercise is dangerous from A - Z because it 's a departure from the practice and concept of human rights , " Machon said .
" It adds only restrictions . "
In a letter obtained by the AP , Pakistan said insults against religion were on the increase .
The Islamic Conference " believes that the attack on sacredly held beliefs and the defamation of religions , religious symbols , personalities and dogmas impinge on the enjoyment of human rights of followers of those religions , " the letter said .
It was sent last month to members of the Ad Hoc Committee on Complementary Standards , a temporary committee created to consider a previous anti-racism treaty .
In a separate submission to the committee , Pakistan proposed extending the treaty against racism to require signatories to " prohibit by law the uttering of matters that are grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion . "
It 's not clear who would decide what is considered grossly abusive , but each country 's criminal courts would likely have initial jurisdiction over that decision , according to Marghoob Saleem Butt , a Pakistani diplomat in Geneva who confirmed the campaign 's existence and has lobbied for the ban .
" There has to be a balance between freedom of expression and respect for others , " Butt said in a telephone interview .
" Taking the symbol of a whole religion and portraying him as a terrorist , " said Butt , referring to the Muhammad cartoons , " that is where we draw the line . "
One American expert with more than 20 years experience of the U.N. human rights system said the treaty could have far - reaching implications .
" It would , in essence , advance a global blasphemy law , " said Felice Gaer , a member of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom .
The independent , congressionally mandated panel issued a report last week warning that existing laws against blasphemy , including in Pakistan , " often have resulted in gross human rights violations . "
In Egypt , blasphemy laws have been used to suppress dissidents , said Moataz el - Fegiery , executive director of the Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies .
Abdel Kareem Nabil , a blogger , was sentenced in February 2007 to four years in prison for insulting Islam and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
He said reformists who reinterpret traditional Islamic texts have also become the target of blasphemy accusations .
More broadly , introducing laws to protect religions from criticism would weaken the whole notion of human rights , said Sweden 's ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva , Hans Dahlgren .
" Religions as such do not have rights — it 's people who have rights , " he said , adding that the European Union , whose presidency Sweden currently holds , would oppose attempts to limit freedom of speech .
The treaty goes against the grain of recent efforts by Western and Muslim countries to find common ground on human rights .
Only last month a joint U.S. - Egyptian resolution on freedom of expression won unanimous support in the U.N. Human Rights Council , much to the surprise of seasoned observers .
" We will engage , and we 're going to keep engaging , " said Michael Parmly , spokesman for the U.S. Mission in Geneva .
In a telephone interview Wednesday , the Ad Hoc Committee 's chairman , Algerian Ambassador Idriss Jazairy , said concerns the treaty could stifle free speech have been " whipped up into a bugaboo . "
Failure to agree on a treaty would boost extremists in the Arab world , said Jazairy , a former envoy to Washington now considered a key player in the U.N. 's human rights forum .
" If we keep hitting this glass wall and say there 's nothing you can do about Islamophobia — you can do something about anti-Semitism but Islamophobia is out of bounds — you give an ideal platform for recruitment of suicide bombers , " he said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
MADISON --
The specter of a drug - resistant form of the deadly H5N1 avian influenza is a nightmare to keep public health officials awake at night .
Now , however , a study published this week ( Dec. 21 ) in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) suggests that a new compound , one on the threshold of final testing in humans , may be more potent and safer for treating " bird flu " than the antiviral drug best known by the trade name Tamiflu .
Known as T - 705 , the compound even works several days after infection , according to Yoshihiro Kawaoka , a University of Wisconsin - Madison virologist and the senior author of the new PNAS study .
" H5N1 virus is so pathogenic even Tamiflu does n't protect all the infected animals , " explains Kawaoka , a professor of pathobiological sciences at the UW - Madison School of Veterinary Medicine and a world authority on influenza .
" This compound works much better , even three days after infection . "
The Wisconsin research was conducted in mice and demonstrated that the compound was effective and safe against H5N1 virus , the highly pathogenic bird flu virus , which some scientists fear could spark a global epidemic of deadly influenza .
The compound is also effective against seasonal flu and more worrisome varieties such as the H1N1 virus , and has already been tested against circulating seasonal influenza in humans in Japan where it is on the brink of Phase III clinical trials in people .
The prospect of a new front - line drug for influenza , in particular highly pathogenic strains such as H5N1 virus , is important as there are few drugs capable of checking the shifty influenza virus .
The new study showing the efficacy and safety of T - 705 assumes more importance as instances of Tamiflu - resistant strains of H5N1 virus have recently been reported , raising concerns about the ability of current antiviral drugs to blunt a pandemic of deadly avian flu .
Antiviral drugs are viewed as a readily available first line of defense against pandemic flu and are especially important for protecting health workers and others during an outbreak of disease .
Vaccines , which utilize inactivated or weakened viruses to confer immunity , are the primary line of defense for influenza , but require months to formulate and mass - produce .
Aside from its safety and basic efficacy , another key trait of the T - 705 compound is the fact that it is effective even after an infection is acquired .
Bird flu , notes Kawaoka , is almost always diagnosed in the hospital after symptoms of the disease manifest themselves : " This compound has a chance to save people who have gone into the disease course , " he says .
T-705 targets a critical viral molecule , polymerase , an enzyme that enables the virus to copy its genetic material , RNA .
By disabling polymerase , the virus is unable to make new virus particles and maintain the chain of infection .
Tamiflu , which remains an effective drug for blocking influenza virus , targets and regulates the enzyme neuraminidase , a protein found on the surface of the flu virus particle and that is essential for spreading the virus throughout the respiratory system .
" The activity of this agent is considerably higher than Tamiflu , " says Kawaoka , adding , " the compound is very specific to viral polymerase .
It does n't affect host polymerase , which is important for safety and reducing side effects . "
###
The new Wisconsin study was funded through the Program of Founding Research Centers for Emerging and Reemerging Infectious Diseases ; the Japan Science and Technology Agency ; the Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology of Japan ; and by the U.S. National Institutes of Health .
-- Terry Devitt , 608-262-8282 , trdevitt@wisc.edu
TOCCOA - A northeast Georgia pastor who died after being shot by agents from a multi-county drug task force was not a target of a drug investigation but the GBI says a passenger in his car was .
The shooting occurred after , according to GBI spokesman John Bankhead , Jonathan Ayers dropped the woman off at a store in downtown Toccoa Tuesday afternoon .
Bankhead said agents approached Ayers for questioning but the pastor tried to avoid them , putting his car in reverse before he struck one of the agents .
Bankhead said an agent shot at the car and Ayers suffered a gunshot wound to the torso .
Stephens County Sheriff Randy
Shirley says the plainclothes officers identified themselves as police and that witnesses have verified that .
The woman was charged with cocaine possession and distribution .
FAMILY REACTS
Ayers family said earlier in the day Wednesday that he he was being wrongly portrayed as a drug dealer .
" He is one of the Godliest men I 've ever known , " said his brother - in law Matt Carpenter of Gainesville , one of several relatives Ayers has in Gainesville .
" We 're all [ family members ] shocked and absolutely do not believe he was involved in anything illicit or illegal there . "
Ayers , 28 , was the pastor of Shoal Creek Baptist Church in Lavonia and had entered the Shell convenience store on Currahee Street in Toccoa , apparently to make a withdrawal from an ATM .
A surveillance tape , published by WNEG - TV , shows officers firing on Ayers ' vehicle as he backed out of the convenience store parking lot .
Carpenter said the family received conflicting reports when they were contacted by authorities , first being told Ayers was in a traffic accident .
And then , authorities told the family , Ayers had been shot .
" We tried to get details , and there was n't much , " said Carpenter .
" They were n't letting Abby [ Ayers ' wife ] back to see him yet .
All we knew was that it was a random shooting .
Once we were out at the hospital , we were told he had been shot by a drug dealer . "
It was later in the evening , according to Carpenter , that agents with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation revealed that Ayers was involved in an officer - related shooting .
Carpenter said he believes the surveillance tape clearly shows that undercover officers opened fire on his brother - in - law without cause .
" They were in plain clothes , " noted Carpenter , " The only thing they had to identify themselves was a badge , and we 're not even sure if they flashed it or not . "
Carpenter said that Ayers and his wife Abby were expecting their first child ; she is 16 - weeks pregnant .
( AccessNorthGa.com 's B.J. Williams contributed to this story . )
Were Russian security services behind the leak of ' Climategate ' emails ?
Suspicions were growing last night that Russian security services were behind the leaking of the notorious British ‘ Climategate ’ emails which threaten to undermine tomorrow ’s Copenhagen global warming summit .
An investigation by The Mail on Sunday has discovered that the explosive hacked emails from the University of East Anglia were leaked via a small web server in the formerly closed city of Tomsk in Siberia .
The leaks scandal has left the scientific community in disarray after claims that key climate change data was manipulated in the run-up to the climate change summit of world leaders .
Sergei Kirpotin of Tomsk University warned that the melting of the peat bogs in Siberia is 'an ecological landslide that is probably irreversible and is undoubtedly connected to climactic warming '
The row erupted when hundreds of messages between scientists at the university ’s Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) and their colleagues around the world were placed on the internet along with other documents .
The CRU is internationally recognised as one of the most important sources of information on the rise in global temperatures .
Its data is relied on by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the UN body which co-ordinates the world response to climate change .
But now the CRU ’s findings are under suspicion .
The leaked emails appear to show that CRU director Professor Phil Jones and colleagues attempted to manipulate the figures and hide their raw data from researchers with opposing views .
Prof Jones has stepped aside from his post while claims are investigated that he wanted certain papers excluded from the United Nations ’ next major assessment of climate science .
Russia – one of the world ’s largest producers and users of oil and gas – has a vested interest in opposing sweeping new agreements to cut emissions , which will be discussed by world leaders in Copenhagen tomorrow .
Russia believes current rules are stacked against it , and has threatened to pull the plug on Copenhagen without concessions to Kremlin concerns .
The Mail on Sunday understands that the hundreds of hacked emails were released to the world via a tiny internet server in a red brick building in a snow - clad street in Tomsk .
The Tomsk office from which emails may have been leaked
The original internet link was quickly removed after the information spread from it like wildfire on to international websites .
A message written in English accompanied the leaked package of emails .
It read : ‘ We feel that climate science is too important to be kept under wraps .
' We hereby release a random selection of correspondence , code and documents .
Hopefully it will give some insight into the science and the people behind it . ’
Climate - change sceptics in the West seized on the emails as evidence that the books were being cooked by the global - warming lobby .
Stories highlighting the ‘ scandal ’ began to appear from November 21 , three or four days after the information was first released on to the server .
Some of the leaked emails date back to March , 1996 .
Tomcity – the server – and Tomline , its parent company , were unavailable for comment yesterday .
The firm offers an internet security business to prevent hacking and bugs and the ‘ compromising of confidential information ’ .
Other divisions of the firm are involved in laying the cable which provides high - speed internet access to companies in the Siberian city .
The server is believed to be used mainly by Tomsk State University , one of the leading academic institutions in Russia , and other scientific institutes .
Computer hackers in Tomsk have been used in the past by the Russian secret service ( FSB ) to shut websites which promote views disliked by Moscow .
Such arrangements provide the Russian government with plausible deniability while using so - called ‘ hacker patriots ’ to shut down websites .
In 2002 , Tomsk students were said to have launched a ‘ denial of service ’ attack at the Kavkaz - Tsentr portal , a site whose reports about Chechnya angered Russian officials .
The FSB office in Tomsk put out a special Press release saying that what the students had done was a legitimate ‘ expression of their position as citizens , one worthy of respect ’ .
A Russian hacking specialist said last night : ‘ There is no hard evidence that the hacking was done from Tomsk , though it might have been .
' There has been speculation the hackers were Russian .
It appears to have been a sophisticated and well - run operation , that had a political motive given the timing in relation to Copenhagen . ’
And gazeta .ru news website , having received information about the Tomsk server connection , said : ‘ Presumably it was Russian hackers who broke into the servers of the university . ’
The university said that there was strict security on its server , heightening the theory that an extremely sophisticated hacking operation was carried out to obtain it .
East Anglia University has gone out of its way to promote itself to students from the former Soviet Union .
Its website says that 33 Russian students currently study there .
It is not known if they have fallen under suspicion as part of the police investigation .
Tomsk – 2,190 miles east of Moscow – was closed to foreigners during the Soviet era .
Its population of 630,000 includes the secret satellite city of Seversk , formerly known as Tomsk - 7 and seven miles to the north , which houses strategic uranium and plutonium plants and remains shut to Westerners .
It was built in the Fifties by 20,000 prisoners from nearby Siberian labour camps .
Today , the city , and especially Seversk , remains closely monitored by the FSB , the successor security service to the Soviet - era KGB .
The city ’s academic quarter – some of which uses the server that revealed the climate - change scandal – includes a leading world expert on the subject , Professor Sergei Kirpotin , a botanist of Tomsk University .
He was unavailable yesterday and has not commented on the email controversy .
Previously , in research with academic Judith Marquand from Oxford University , he warned of the risk of the release of billions of tons of methane gas because of the melting of the Siberian peat bogs , seen as being due to global warming .
Kirpotin described the situation as ‘ an ecological landslide that is probably irreversible and is undoubtedly connected to climatic warming ’.
Russia is the world ’s third - largest emitter of greenhouse gases , and lags behind many Western countries in greening its industry .
However , its emissions plunged in the Nineties as its economy collapsed and it now sits on a treasure trove of unused carbon emission permits that could be sold to other countries .
These are due to expire in 2012 with the Kyoto Treaty .
The Kremlin wants these to be rolled forward and last week signalled they would not sign a new deal without this , threatening the whole Copenhagen summit .
The crisis caused by the Climategate email row has resulted in the UK’s Met Office being forced to re-examine 160 years ’ of climate data after admitting that public confidence in the science on man-made warming had been undermined by the leaks .
A new three - year analysis of the data will mean the Met Office – which works closely with Prof Jones ’s unit – will not be able to declare with complete confidence the extent of global warming trends until the end of 2012 .
The Norwich - based university has called in Sir Muir Russell , a former senior civil servant , to investigate the row , which is also the subject of a separate probe by the Information Commissioner ’s Office .
Last night , news of the Kremlin connection coincided with Norfolk Police confirming to The Mail on Sunday that it was now ‘ investigating criminal offences ’ in relation to the data breach .
Norfolk police sources said they were working with ‘ other agencies ’ on the inquiry .
But they were unable to say if these included the British security services MI5 and MI6 .
This newspaper has established , however , that Scotland Yard computer experts from its Central e-Crime unit are helping Norfolk officers track down the hacker responsible for the leaks .
A Norfolk Police spokeswoman said last night : ‘ Norfolk Constabulary can confirm that it is investigating criminal offences in relation to a data breach at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) . ’
The Mail on Sunday tracked down Professor Ross McKitrick , a world - renowned expert on the economic effects of climate change , who said Prof Jones had tried to stop his findings being published in an influential UN report .
Prof McKitrick concluded that Jones and his colleagues at the CRU had overstated the effects of greenhouse gas emissions on global temperatures by failing to take account of external factors linked to population growth and urbanisation .
The attempt to silence McKitrick was revealed in an email from Jones to a US colleague in 2004 , when the UN was preparing for a major report by the IPCC .
After describing McKitrick ’s findings as ‘ garbage ’ and dismissing another researcher ’s work as inaccurate , Prof Jones wrote : ‘ I ca n’t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin and I will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is !
Cheers , Phil . ’
‘ Kevin ’ is understood to refer to Dr Kevin Trenberth , a Jones ally and climate analyst at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
A spokesman for the University of East Anglia said last night : ‘ A police inquiry is under way . ’
Huge Large Medium
1. Backdropped By A Beautiful Sunset , Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) Sits On Launch Pad 39A , November 15 , 2009
NASA John F. Kennedy Space Center , State of Florida , USA
Huge Large Medium
3. Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) and the Blackness of Space , November 18 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Large Medium
4. Another View of Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) Backdropped By the Blackness of Space , November 18 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Large Medium
5. Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) , Against the Blackness of Space , Approaches Closer To the International Space Station , November 18 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Huge Large Medium
6. With Beautiful Blue-and - White Earth Below , Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) Approaches the International Space Station , November 18 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Huge Large Medium
7. A Golden Sunset and Earth's Thin , Blue Atmosphere , November 23 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
" STS - 129 Space Shuttle Flyaround Of International Space Station " on 25 November 2009
http://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=pQLXYozsTVo
" STS - 129 Space Shuttle Atlantis Views ISS During Flyaround " on 25 November 2009
http://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=Uge2sJsmYeU
Huge Large Medium
10 . The International Space Station Backdropped By Cloudy Earth , November 25 , 2009
As Seen From Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 )
Huge Large Medium
11 . International Space Station Orbiting High Above the Blue Sea and White Clouds , November 25 , 2009
As Seen From Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 )
Huge Large Medium
12 . Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) High Above the Mediterranean Sea , Near the Coast of Algeria , November 25 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Huge Large Medium
13 . Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 )  Undocked , Upside Down , Robotic Arm Extended  Surrounded By the Blackness of Space
November 25 , 2009
As Seen From the International Space Station ( Expedition 21 )
Large Medium
14 . Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) Seconds Away From A Mid-Morning Landing On Runway 33 , November 27 , 2009
NASA John F. Kennedy Space Center , State of Florida , USA
Large Medium
15 . With the Main Landing Gear Down and Drag Parachute Deployed and Unfurled , Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 )
Makes A Picture Perfect Landing On Runway 33 , November 27 , 2009
NASA John F. Kennedy Space Center , State of Florida , USA
Large Medium
16 . After Landing On Runway 33 , Space Shuttle Atlantis ( STS - 129 ) Is Towed From the
Shuttle Landing Facility to Orbiter Processing Facility - 1 ( OPF - 1 ) , November 27 , 2009
NASA John F. Kennedy Space Center , State of Florida , USA
Julie Powell was a bored secretary in a dead - end job when she had the clever idea of cooking every recipe from Julia Child 's " Mastering the Art of French Cooking " in one year .
It started as a blog , became a best - selling memoir , " Julie and Julia , " and was followed by a film starring Meryl Streep .
Ms. Powell established herself as a witty , articulate writer with an original voice .
The Last of the Modernists
At 98 , Oscar Niemeyer still works every day in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
His office has an open view to the famous Copacabana Beach , but his desk does not face the ocean .
No matter .
“ I do n’t believe in inspiration , ” he says .
The architect spends his days reading good literature , chatting with a few friends , and drawing buildings , always defined by his trademark curve .
Throughout his long career Niemeyer has translated the contours of Brazilian women — from his most ambitious work , the futuristic nation ’s capital , Brasília , to his most recent projects , a floating cathedral that faces Rio from the other side of Guanabara Bay and a large bathing complex in Germany .
Now the last of the Modernists is the subject of the new book Oscar Niemeyer : Houses , released by Rizzoli in May .
Here he talks to Eduardo Graça about his legacy , his social beliefs , the secret of his long trajectory in the world of arts , and the certainty that “ life is much more important than architecture . ”
What is your work routine these days ?
It is pretty much the same as ever .
I come here every single day at 9:30 a.m.
A lot of my mornings are dedicated to meetings with journalists and students .
Then I have lunch here at my desk .
I work all day long , until 8 p.m. , and my single pleasure is having dinner out .
Have you always worked in the same office you have now ?
Yes , pretty much .
But when the military took power I had to leave the country .
It was lucky that I was in Portugal during the coup in 1964 .
So that ’s how your European adventure starts ?
Yes , I came to Paris and immediately opened an office at the Champs Elysées , organized by the French Communist Party .
Despite the fact that the UN building was finished in the 1940s and Brasília was created a decade later , it was in Europe that you consolidated your international reputation .
Would you say those were the fundamental years of your career ?
I would say that I had a lot of help — especially from President de Gaulle , who was said to be very fond of my work .
His cultural secretary , Andrè Malraux , got me — without my request — a special work visa , which made my life there much easier .
My exile in Europe can be defined by solidarity that I found everywhere in the old continent .
But it was a painful period of my life , and this is reflected in my work .
Do you have any contact with young architects ?
That question is opportune because right now I am conducting this campaign against the specialists .
Did you know that ?
I do n’t respect the guy whose unique talent is to talk about his own profession .
And how is this campaign happening ?
I ’ve talked with teachers , academics , journalists , young architects — anyone who crosses my way and wants to “ talk about architecture . ”
Pay attention , kids , you ca n’t graduate and just dedicate your life to being a good architect .
That is bullshit .
You need to find an original way to think and to be informed about everything daily .
Read , read , read , and read .
Would you recommend your own books about architecture ?
I would n’t at all !
I would tell people they should study philosophy and history to rediscover the great writers and thinkers .
Anyone who is going to be an architect should invest part of his time in the knowledge of humanism .
I spent my life at this desk , but I never fooled myself .
I always knew that life is much more important than this — to feel is more important , to be nice to people is more important .
To be useful is much more important to me than my architecture .
But do n’t you think your architecture can help to improve the quality of life and bring rich and poor together ?
No , just like any architecture , mine does n’t help it at all .
Architecture has always been directed to the upper class , and things have n’t changed .
Nowadays there are almost no creative projects dedicated to improving the life of those who do n’t have money .
This makes me think about Brasília , which was built 50 years ago as the city of the future .
Today it is a model of social exclusion .
As you know , the descendants of the workers who built Brasília live nearby in miserable bedroom communities .
When people say Lúcio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer built Brasília , forget it !
These workers did it .
The capital of this immense country was built by workers , humble people called candangos who left their houses all over Brazil to make that dream a reality .
You are giving me here the chance to tell Americans about them .
They were poor before , and they were poor after the capital was done .
But would n’t you change something about Brasília if you had a chance to create the city again ?
Not at all .
I think it is okay like it is .
To be really honest , I prefer Rio de Janeiro much more than Brasília .
I like the mess , even with the violence .
But if you talk with Brasília ’s inhabitants , they do n’t want to leave the city .
They say that the sky seems bigger there than everywhere else , and it makes you believe the space is bigger .
There are also schools and malls nearby your house , and the life is in fact much more organized .
But me ?
No way , man .
I want the beach , the mountains , the chaos .
I still want Rio .
You built your personal driver ’s house in a favela here in Rio .
Is it a good example of architecture helping those who are excluded ?
Yes , but we are talking about my driver — my dear friend for more than half a century .
He is a Brazilian man , a poor man , one who was born poor and will die poor .
Of course his life improved with his new house , but this is an exception .
Housing is always the beginning of any change in someone ’s life .
One needs to have a worthy place to live , and the state should provide it to everybody .
But I insist that the answer to this change is not architecture .
It is revolution .
You ’ve been working intensely all these years ; what inspires you ?
This thing called inspiration is not important to me at all .
The other day as I was drawing a project , when I sat in front of the desk I already knew what I was going to do .
I thought about it for many days , about each possibility , each solution , about the fact that I wanted to do something different .
Architecture , to me , is invention .
Go to Brasília — you may or may not enjoy my projects , but I dare you to find something similar .
What are you working on now ?
Right now I ’m doing an aquatic center in Potsdam , Germany .
It is a huge park with five pools .
I had this idea to create separate pools surrounded by a glass gallery , with controlled weather .
The gallery speaks with the dressing room through doors that can be opened during the summer , so you can really use the whole area .
I have n’t seen any other aquatic center with these characteristics — that ’s why I was interested in doing it .
There is also the Niemeyer Way , in Niterói , the main effort of your office since Brasília .
Is it really ?
Well , if you say so .
In Niterói we are creating a square , a theater with the stage opening at the square , and a bunch of other buildings , like this very original cathedral facing the sea .
SECURITIES LAW ATTORNEYS
We help investors who have been harmed by the misconduct of brokerage firms or financial advisors .
But there are other lawyers , what makes us a better choice ?
We learned this game by working for the enemy .
Today , we work solely on the side of abused investors .
But we did n’t start out that way .
We spent many years defending national and regional brokerage firms , learning everything there was to know about the brokerage industry ’s corporate culture and the methods used by broker - dealers to attack and eliminate customer claims .
Most claimant - only lawyers today have no experience representing big brokerage firms , let alone the deep level of experience we bring to the table .
We do hours of work and give you real answers for free , before you hire us .
Almost every law firm will tell you its lawyers provide a “ free initial consultation ” , which usually means they ’ll listen to your story and tell you how much they charge .
We do n’t do free initial consultations .
We do an entire preliminary workup of your case , free of charge and without any obligation on your part to retain us .
That ’s the only way you and we can know whether you have valid and provable claims — the only kind of claims we handle .
If your case is n’t legally , factually , or financially justified , we ’ll carefully explain why and you ’ll at least have the answers you came for ( plus , if you want them , the names of other lawyers who could give you a competent second opinion . )
If we think you should pursue compensation , we ’ll tell you the strengths and weaknesses of your case , how the arbitration or litigation process works , how much it might cost , how long it likely will take to complete , and how our fee ( if any ) will be determined .
Then , and only then , will you need to decide whether to hire us .
You do n’t just get a lawyer ; you get our whole team .
Most law firms who do this kind of work , or claim to , will hand your file off to one of their attorneys .
When you hire us , you get the whole Stockmarketloss team — a senior lawyer , his partners , associates , and our amazing support staff .
Every case we accept is fully staffed , with the right person taking charge of what he or she does best .
This team approach ensures that each of us is invested in your case , constantly sharing ideas and information and minimizing the chance that something important could slip by .
In other words , we do n’t just give you our all .
We give you all of us , and we do it at no extra cost to you .
Now Available : Affordable Tax Counseling Services for Investor Recovery Clients .
Let McCarthy
Lebit ’s tax lawyers help you keep more of your settlement or award .
Click here to learn how .
For us , helping victimized investors is about more than money .
We did well representing brokerage firms .
We did well , but we did n’t do good .
We really grew to despise the way broker - dealers and many financial advisors treated and still treat their customers .
In fact , we got so sick of defending bad guys that we , in essence , fired our broker - dealer clients and built something we could feel good about .
That ’s how Stockmarketloss came about .
We wanted to fight for causes and people we could believe in , and now we do , every day .
dcuartielles —
A couple of weeks ago we announced the Instructables Arduino contest , the results are now ready .
The pretty World Clock won .
I wonder if its maker will send me one this Xmass .
The people at Instructables were overwhelmed with the response from the community .
Believe me when I say there were a lot of entries , it was hard to be in the jury … the level in the projects presented got quite high .
I wish I had some time to join one of these contests myself .
But … mm … it ’s maybe better just being part of the jury , I do n’t want to lose against you guys !
His smashed finger wrapped in bandages , Len Balon walked into an emergency room and eyed the flat - screen monitor broadcasting live wait times for Scottsdale Healthcare ’s area hospitals .
Osborn Hospital , where he was standing : two hours and 55 minutes .
Thompson Peak hospital , a short distance away : four minutes .
Balon sat down to read a long Civil War memoir he ’d brought in preparation for a long delay .
His dread of an emergency room wait was justified .
A study released this month found that wait times nationwide had continued to climb over the last 10 years .
Then the woman next to him got up and left , lured by the brief waits elsewhere .
A few minutes later , someone else walked out too .
Before long , Balon , who at first had said he would stay put , abandoned his book and drove across town to Thompson Peak .
In part to ease the minds of those seeking emergency care -- or at least disclose how bad the wait will be -- a growing number of suburban emergency rooms around the country are advertising wait times .
Some post the times on their websites .
Others tweet , send text messages or display the times on huge highway billboards .
A few are testing a service by a start - up company , InQuickER , that allows patients to register online , pay a small fee and hold their place in line while they wait at home .
“ Emergency rooms are so taxed in this day and age for all the reasons -- access to healthcare providers , available beds , nursing shortages and ever - increasing populations , ” said Jeannette Skinner , chief operations officer at Methodist Stone Oak Hospital in San Antonio , where the hospital posts and tweets its emergency room wait times .
“ For us , the main driver was to give the community some control .
. . .
We want people to be able to see this and make their own decisions . ”
Patients are beginning to get this kind of information just as a study in the Nov. 9 issue of Archives of Internal Medicine shows that median wait times increased from 22 minutes in 1997 to 33 minutes in 2006 .
Wait times increased at a faster pace for the most critical patients .
The study found that fewer than 57 % of those who should have been seen by a doctor within 14 minutes because of the seriousness of their ailments had actually been cared for within the time recommended .
Misleading data
It may seem like a practical public service , but the posting of wait times -- a practice Southern California hospital officials say they have not seen here yet -- is not without its critics .
Dr. David C. Seaberg , an American College of Emergency Physicians board member and dean of the University of Tennessee College of Medicine in Chattanooga , said he worries that it may be sending the wrong message to patients .
“ Frankly , my opinion is that it ’s a very bad idea to put waiting times up on a billboard , ” Seaberg said .
“ When you get seen is a very complex process .
. . .
To put out a number can be misleading . ”
Any hospital ’s emergency room can change at a moment ’s notice if there ’s a serious crash or other multiple - injury event .
At busy urban emergency rooms , patients may have to wait for hours , but doctors may get to patients within minutes at other facilities .
Some conditions should move people to the front of the line , no matter what , Seaberg said , but posting wait times might cause people with chest pains , for example , to drive farther when any emergency room would make them a priority .
“ That ’s a real problem , ” Seaberg said .
“ If you ’re really acutely ill , we ’ll see you right away .
It does n’t matter how busy we are . ”
Advocates of the practice say seriously ill or injured patients should call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room .
But for everyone else , knowing ahead of time that the wait will be long could make them think twice about whether emergency care is truly required .
At Scottsdale Healthcare ’s hospitals , the overall length of stay for patients -- from walking in the door to discharge -- is less than three hours , a one - hour decrease from that of the previous year , said Nancy Hicks - Arsenault , emergency services systems director .
Administrators there are aided by the proximity of their facilities , two of which are located 16.5 miles apart , with the third splitting the distance .
Prospective patients whose emergencies are n’t life - threatening can log on to the Internet from home and choose which emergency room to visit based on the wait time .
Or , like Balon , they can arrive at one facility , check out the monitor and then head to another hospital .
If they have registered and decide to move , all their intake information is transferred for them .
“ It ’s a nice tool if people can use it , ” Balon said , after being stitched up at Scottsdale Healthcare Thompson Peak Hospital and given a tetanus shot .
David Fiore , 55 , made a beeline to the big - screen monitor as soon as he set foot in the Thompson Peak emergency room .
He and his wife , Sharon , had first headed to Shea Hospital , the nearest to their home , worried that she may have broken a rib in a fall .
“ We walked in , and they immediately said there ’s a 125 - minute wait but that if we came up here there ’s a four - minute wait , ” he said .
“ We were very thankful .
It was worth the drive to come up here and not wait . ”
At Stone Oak in San Antonio , Skinner said the staff so closely monitors wait times that personnel try hard to resolve delays when the number ticks up .
“ It bugs them , ” she said .
“ They do n’t like seeing that number get higher and higher . . . so they start to self - assess very quickly . ”
Outside help
Speedy service in the emergency room -- which is often the first impression someone gets of a hospital -- can pay off later for hospitals in today ’s competitive healthcare market , said Rick Wade , the American Hospital Assn .'s senior vice president of communication .
“ Emergency rooms are never going to be big money makers , but if you have the experience be one that ’s not the classic overcrowded ER . . . then the next time they need service , they might think of that place , ” Wade said .
Some hospitals are going a step further and contracting with an outside company to help ease the flow of patients .
InQuick Er allows people to register at a hospital emergency room on the Internet and hold their place in line .
It projects the time that the patient should arrive at the hospital and guarantees that the person will see a doctor within 15 minutes of that time or the visit is free .
The service , which costs $ 2.99 to $ 24.99 , depending on the market , is currently available only at three hospitals in Georgia , Alabama and Florida .
But founder Tyler Kiley said that by next year , the goal is to be in 30 emergency departments .
“ At this point , I think it ’s all about efficiency , ” Kiley said .
“ There are so many ways that technology -- even relatively simple technology -- can be applied to basic customer service issues in healthcare . ”
When Donzetta Miller used the service earlier this month , she said it was a “ big difference ” over her last emergency room visit , when she waited for several hours , only to be transferred to another hospital because no beds were available .
A neighbor touted the service , and when she received an InQuickER magnet in the mail , she stuck it to her fridge .
The next time her cellulitis flared up , with her fever hitting 102 degrees , Miller hopped online to InQuicker.com , paid the $ 24.99 fee and got her appointment time for two hours later .
She had time to pack a bag and call family .
When she arrived at the hospital , a lab tech was waiting with an IV .
“ It was well worth it , as far as I ’m concerned , ” Miller said .
“ I ’m more comfortable laying at home being uncomfortable or sitting in my recliner than I would be sitting four , five , six hours in an emergency room . ”
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
Exiled Iraqi journalist Muntadar al - Zeidi , who leapt into the international spotlight last year when he threw a shoe at outgoing President Bush during his farewell visit to Baghdad , has had an interesting year .
Captured , beaten and held incommunicado by the Iraqi government , Zeidi spent about a month in the hospital , a couple of months in detention awaiting trial , and was sentenced to three years in prison .
Six months later he was released and fled the country .
But now , still less than a year after finding his sudden fame , Zeidi ’s whole life is about shoes .
Today , in a speech in Paris , Zeidi was speculating about how much he would like to throw a shoe at current President Barack Obama , when someone threw a shoe at him .
This time , Zeidi faced a pro-US shoe , as an Iraqi who defended the American occupation and accused Muntadar of being in league with Saddam Hussein hurled a shoe at him .
The as - yet - unnamed Iraqi was chased from the room by Zeidi ’s brother , who reportedly threw another shoe at him .
Many people who are overweight or obese develop insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes at some stage in their lives .
A European research team has now discovered that obese people have large amounts of the molecule CXCL5 , produced by certain cells in fatty tissue .
The main risk factors for type 2 diabetes are obesity and a sedentary lifestyle .
The biomedical community has known for many years that substances produced by fatty tissue are responsible for the link between obesity and diabetes .
" Chronic inflammation of the adipose tissue , which is characteristic of obese people , is a crucial stage in the development of insulin resistence and type 2 diabetes , " Lluis Fajas , lead author of the study and a researcher at the Institute of Health and Medical Research ( Inserm ) in France , said .
The results of this new study show that serum levels of a chemokine molecule called CXCL5 , produced by certain adipose tissue cells , appear at much high levels in the tissues of obese people than in those of individuals with normal weight .
This has helped Lluis Fajas 's research team to come to a biomedically relevant conclusion : " The CXCL5 molecule helps cause insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes " .
The most important part of this study , published in the journal Cell Metabolism , is the discovery that an experimental treatment aimed at inhibiting the action of CXCL5 can help to protect obese mice from develping type 2 diabetes .
" If these studies can be confirmed in humans , this treatment would represent a fundamental improvement in the quality of life of obese individuals , " the researcher concludes .
Bad habits cause obesity and diabetes
According to the latest data from the Spanish Diabetes Federation ( FED ) , almost 3.5 million people in Spain have diabetes .
This illness is most common in Andalusia and Murcia , regions where the highest percentage of people who are obese and sedentary .
The specialists agree on the importance of prevention .
Avoiding obesity , doing daily physical exercise and giving up smoking are some of the measures that could help to cut the number of diabetes cases by a half .
The International Diabetes Federation ( IDF ) says that more than 190 million people worldwide currently have diabetes .
This figure will rise to 330 million by 2025 , due to population growth , the ageing of the population , and increasing urbanisation and sedentary lifestyles .
Obesity is the main avoidable risk factor in developing type 2 diabetes .
Worldwide , 1.7 billion people are already at high risk of developing a non-contagious , weight - related illness , such as type 2 diabetes .
Obesity can reduce the life expectancy of people with type 2 diabetes by up to eight years , and 80 % of people diagnosed with the illness are overweight at the time they are diagnosed .
At least half of all cases of type 2 diabetes among adults could be avoided if they did not put on weight .
Taking action on lifestyle , such as changing diet and taking moderate physical exercise , can reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes by up to 60 % .
" Carlos " was jailed for life in France in 1997
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has defended jailed killer " Carlos the Jackal " and several world leaders he says are wrongly considered " bad guys " .
In a speech to international socialist politicians , Mr Chavez said " Carlos " , a Venezuelan , was not a terrorist but a key " revolutionary fighter " .
He is serving a life sentence in France for murders committed in 1975 .
Mr Chavez also hailed Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe , Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and the late Ugandan dictator Idi Amin .
' Great nationalist '
Carlos , whose real name is Ilich Ramirez Sanchez , gained international notoriety in the 1970s as a mastermind of deadly bombings , assassinations and hostage - takings .
He was captured in Sudan in 1994 and handed over to France , where he was jailed for killing two French intelligence officers and an alleged informer in 1975 .
In his speech late on Friday in Caracas , Mr Chavez said : " I defend him .
It does n't matter to me what they say tomorrow in Europe . "
He said he believed Carlos had been unfairly convicted , and called him " one of the great fighters of the Palestine Liberation Organisation " .
The Venezuelan leader has previously called Carlos a friend , and is reported to have exchanged letters with him in the past .
In his speech , Mr Chavez also described Presidents Mugabe and Ahmadinejad - who like Mr Chavez are strong critics of the US - as brothers .
About former Ugandan President Idi Amin , Mr Chavez said : " We thought he was a cannibal ...
I do n't know , maybe he was a great nationalist , a patriot . "
Idi Amin seized power in 1971 .
About 300,000 people were killed during his eight - year rule .
AUSTIN , Texas -- Republican governors Thursday urged GOP candidates competing in 2010 elections to not harshly attack President Barack Obama , citing polls that show his personal popularity remaining strong despite unease over his policies .
The warning capped a two - day meeting in which Republican governors presented their party 's successful 2009 political playbook from races in Virginia and New Jersey as a case study in how the party can revive itself .
One ...
KABUL , Afghanistan 
The Afghan Defense Ministry and local officials in Badghis Province said on Saturday that seven members of the Afghan security forces had been killed in a NATO airstrike the day before that was part of an effort to aid a beleaguered Afghan and NATO operation against the Taliban .
A NATO spokesman confirmed that the seven Afghan officers had been killed , as well as an Afghan civilian working with the Afghan forces .
The organization is investigating whether its close air support was responsible for the casualties .
According to NATO , five American soldiers were wounded in the operation against the militants , along with 15 Afghan soldiers , two Afghan police officers and one Afghan civilian working with the troops .
If NATO close air support is responsible for the casualties , it would be one of the worst cases of friendly fire in the course of the eight - year war .
The troops were in rural Badghis Province in the country ’s far northwest , in a relatively flat area , traversed by the Morghab River .
They were searching for two American soldiers who had been missing since Wednesday .
The Americans had vanished while on a resupply mission .
The President , the Professor , and the Wide Receiver
This week , U.S. President Barack Obama , the son of a black father and white mother , is making his landmark visit to Asia , including a Wednesday stop in Seoul , where South Korea is in the midst of a racial reckoning .
His visit could have positive repercussions for years to come .
Race is a thorny issue in the country , and biracial persons especially so .
Both North and South Koreans embrace pure bloodlines , untainted by non-Korean DNA .
Biracial children are broadly considered unadoptable , and children and adults of mixed race endure ostracism and bullying .
But in the past few years , a number of events and people have made South Koreans reconsider racism and persons of mixed race .
Last July , Bonojit Hussain , an Indian research professor at Seoul ’s Sungkonghoe University , was on a bus with a female friend when a 31 - year old Korean man went on a 10 - minute foul - mouthed tirade , calling him a " stinking bastard " and an " Arab , " and his companion a " whore . "
Hussain and his friend went to a nearby police station to report the matter .
The police did not believe that Hussain really was a professor and spoke to him in what Koreans call banmal , a register used when speaking to an insolent brat or a disobedient dog .
The verbal assailant was at the police station also , and continued to hurl racist insults at him in front of the officers there , who did nothing to stop him .
( Maybe it ’s something about buses that bring out the best and worst in people .
In 1955 , Alabama ’s Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white person on a segregated bus .
She said she was " tired of giving in " and was arrested — but her actions became a turning point in the U.S. civil rights movement .
It might be so for Korea , too . )
This was n’t the first time Hussain had experienced racial abuse , and he was tired of it .
With the police unwilling to do anything , he filed a petition with the National Human Rights Commission .
When his story appeared in the Korean media , prosecutors arrested his harasser for " criminal insult " — the first time the charge has been used for racial hate speech .
His case is still in court .
In the meantime , the Korean legislature is putting together the country ’s first detailed anti-discrimination laws .
This would be a landmark victory for the thousands of migrant laborers from Vietnam , Pakistan , Nepal , and other Asian countries who are typically treated as South Korea ’s second class citizens .
While Hussain awaits the outcome of his court case , another man of color is boldly working to improve race relations in South Korea .
Hines Ward was unknown in the country until he won the 2006 Super Bowl as a player for the Pittsburgh Steelers , and was also named the game ’s most valuable player .
The South Korean media — which constantly trolls for news of any successful ethnic Koreans abroad — heralded him as a victor and one of Korea ’s own .
Ward is half Korean and half black , and has used his fame and his heritage to shine a light on the plight of biracial children in Korea .
The wide receiver visited South Korea with his mother , Kim Young - hee , shortly after the Super Bowl win , and the two of them took time to speak to the media about race .
Kim described in stark terms the discrimination she experienced before she immigrated to the United States .
" What do you think would have become of us if I had kept living here with Hines ?
He would probably never have been able to be anything but a beggar .
Do you think I would even have been able to get work cleaning houses ? " she said while visiting the Pearl S. Buck Foundation in Seoul .
" Koreans of the same skin color are even more racist among themselves .
It does n’t make sense .
If everybody hates our children so much because their skin is a different color , then why do Koreans run around dying their hair blond and red ? "
The Buck Foundation helps Asian and mixed race children deemed unadoptable in their home country .
It has opened offices and orphanages throughout Asia , with Ward part of the team .
He personally helps to bring biracial children from South Korea to stay with host families in Pittsburgh , where nobody gives them a second glance in regard to the color of their skin .
For the past four football seasons , he has participated in the project to bolster the children ’s self esteem during the arduous adoption process , giving them hope and confidence .
The Hussain case , and Ward ’s activism have all brought the issue of race and biracial persons to the fore , and thus the timing of Obama ’s visit could not be better .
South Koreans have succeeded in advancing their country as a power in economics and industry , but meanwhile they ’ve ignored the human side of globalization : the matters of love , opportunity , and passports that cause people of different races to come together .
Ultimately , they ’ll have to acknowledge it .
Because of South Korea ’s gender imbalance , bachelors — most of them farmers from rural areas – now use matchmaking brokers to marry brides from Southeast Asia , Mongolia , and Uzbekistan .
This year , the Ministry of Food , Agriculture , Forestry , and Fisheries found that half of children born in rural Korea will be biracial .
In the coming decades , changing racial demographics will force South Koreans to re-examine their notions of pure bloodlines .
But before then , they will have to grapple with isolated incidents of racial hatred .
Seeing the biracial head of the world ’s only superpower on Asian soil , they can decide for themselves if being of darker skin or having a heritage of mixed ethnic origin is such a big deal after all .
The UKPollingReport Polling Average
Current UKPR Polling Average
50 32 7
Polls currently included in the average
Pollster / Client End Date C L LD Lead Weighting Opinium / Observer 2020-05-07 49 33 6 Con +16 0.46 Redfield and Wilton / 2020-05-06 50 31 7 Con +19 0.95 YouGov / Times
2020-05-06 50 30 7 Con +20 0.92 Opinium / Observer 2020-05-01 51 33 6 Con +18 0.24 Survation / 2020-04-28 48 31 8 Con +17 0.45 Redfield and Wilton / 2020-04-26 50 33 7 Con +17 0.34 Opinium / Observer 2020-04-23 50 33 7 Con +17 0.07 Kantar / 2020-04-20 54 28 9 Con +26 0.08
UKPollingReport has always shied away from producing a rolling average of polls .
However , there are lots of polls of polls out there , lots of rolling averages , weighted averages and so on and , when it comes to a general election , its natural that people who do n’t want to worry about which pollster is right or which pollster does this or that to their figures will want a single figure showing where the parties stand .
Since people are going to do an average whether I like it or not , I may as well do it how I think it should be done .
The best way to judge the polls is to take the broad picture , not an average , look at the general trends and if they are showing a contrasting picture look at the possible reasons why .
I hope that is something that UK Polling Report does for readers .
If you do n’t have time for that though , and just want a simple overall figure that tells you how the parties are doing , then here is the UKPollingReport Polling Average .
The UKPR Polling Average takes in polls from the last 20 days and gives them weightings based on various factors , including how recently they were conducted , the past record of the pollster producing the figures , the methodology used , the sample size and how many polls have been produced by a single pollster .
The detailed figures are at the bottom of the page .
These are of course a matter of opinion , particularly my preference for polls that have been politically weighted ,
As I would expect – the polling average is not better than the best individual pollster at the last three elections ( this is a major reason why I do n’t like polling averages – by averaging quality polls will ropey ones you do n’t get better figures , you just make the better ones worse ) but of course , in hindsight we do n’t know who the best pollster will be .
Since different pollsters use different methods , factor in do n’t knows and likelihood of voting in different ways , there is no statistical reason why an average of polls should give you a better idea of where things stand .
What the average does do , is give a nice shorthand for how the polls are at the moment and it is a prerequisite for giving a projection of what the result would be in an election tomorrow – for that see the UK Polling Report current predictions .
Weightings used .
Time : A poll will receive a weighting of 1 on the day the fieldwork is completed – after that the weighting decays by 0.05 a day , so that on the 21th day the poll is given a weighting of zero and dropped from the calculation .
Track record :
Track record is based on how close a pollster came to the election result at the last two general elections .
The rating is based on the average of all their polls done within 5 days of the last general election , and the previous election carries more weight that than the one before that .
If a pollster did not conduct a poll at the previous election it is is given a dummy rating instead , if they conducted a poll at the last election , but the fieldwork was more than 5 days before polling day , their weighting factor is averaged with the dummy score .
Methodology : UKPolling
Report believes that the most reliable polls are those which include some form of political weighting , and polls that do not weight by past vote , party ID or similar are given an additional weighting 0.75 .
This is a matter of contention amongst pollsters , with some companies – primarily Ipsos MORI – believing that past vote is not suitable for weighting .
That is a legitimate viewpoint done for good reasons , but it is not one I share , and hence this particular average weights down polls without political weighting .
Does that mean this is biased against polls that do n’t use past - vote weighting ?
Yes , it does and if someone else wants to do an average that treats them the same go ahead .
Transparency : A key part of knowing how much trust to place is a poll is the openness of its methodology and results .
Companies who are part of the British Polling Council are obliged to release the full tables of their polls and some other companies who are not members will voluntarily provide tables .
If a company does not provide any tables and it is not possible to verify how they have conducted the poll , then they would be weighted down by 0.25 .
In practice this means any poll without tables is given extremely low weighting .
Polls by the same company : different companies have slightly different house effects which mean each company has a tendency to show better or worse scores for each party .
In terms of creating polling averages this risks skewing an average if one pollster does a lot more polling than their rivals .
For that reason , if a single company has more than one poll in the time period , the second is given a weighting of 0.76 , the third 0.52 , the fourth 0.27 and so on .
Sample size : Polling averages often weight polls by the size of their samples , giving , for example , a poll with a sample size of 2000 twice as much weight as one with a sample size of 1000 .
I believe this grossly overstates the importance of sample size and sample error .
In fact , sample error is just one possible cause of error amongst many others , it is just the easiest to quantify and pollsters with a typical sample size of 1000 have often outperformed those with a typical sample size of 2000 .
However , polls with a sample size that is too small should be treated with caution , and for that reason any poll with a sample size significantly ( I ’d turn a blind eye to 998 ! ) below 1000 will be given a weighting of 0.50 .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) still sees a slight chance that the Democratic - controlled Congress can wrap up work on a landmark health care bill by Christmas - all while insisting the House wants a full say in the final version .
" We would do almost anything if it meant we would pass health care for all Americans ( by ) the Christmas holidays , " Pelosi told reporters Thursday .
" Maybe we can 't , " she said , in which case Congress could deliver " a New Year 's present for the American people . "
But " anything " does n't mean she 's willing to just accept the Senate bill .
" We would like to see a full conference " negotiation with the Senate , the speaker said , meaning she wants to appoint House negotiators to hash out a final version with their Senate counterparts before scheduling a vote on the combined package .
Conference negotiations can sometimes take months , but the speaker suggested Thursday that negotiators could wrap up these health care talks over a single weekend if the Senate finishes its bill by the end of next week .
That 's an incredibly abbreviated timeline , given the amount of work both chambers have put into the negotiations over their respective bills .
But it may suggest the speaker is willing to accept much of what the Senate produces .
Without commenting directly on the tentative Senate deal , Pelosi told reporters , " There 's certainly a great deal of appeal about putting people 55 and older on Medicare " - one plank of the pending compromise to gut a controversial public option .
" These bills are perhaps 75 percent compatible , " she said .
Of course , the remaining 25 percent includes not - so - little issues , like abortion funding , immigration , when the new programs begin , when – and how far – to close a gap in prescription - drug coverage under Medicare and whether to provide optional government - sponsored insurance , among other things .
Oh , yeah , and how to pay for the bill .
That 's a lot of work for a weekend .
comments closed
permalink
In the late 19th and early 20th century , enigmatic photographer T. Enami ( 1859 -1929 ) captured a number of 3D stereoviews depicting life in Meiji - period Japan .
[ Sumo wrestlers ]
A stereoview consists of a pair of nearly identical images that appear three - dimensional when viewed through a stereoscope , because each eye sees a slightly different image .
This illusion of depth can also be recreated with animated GIFs like the ones here , which were created from Flickr images posted by Okinawa Soba .
Follow the links under each animation for the original stereoviews and background information .
[ Meeting at gate ]
[ Buddhist ornament dealer ]
[ Geisha washing their hands in the garden ]
[ Chujenji Road , Nikko ]
[ Geisha playing music ]
[ Firewood dealers ]
[ Great Buddha of Kamakura ]
[ Torii gates at Inari shrine , Kyoto ]
[ Geisha girls with flowers and cat ]
[ Traveler in the mountain fog near Chujenji ]
[ Clam diggers having lunch ]
[ Tokyo Industrial Exposition , Ueno Park , 1907 ]
[ Campfire on the peak of Mt. Myogi , Nakasendo ]
[ Geisha in a tearoom ]
[ Kitano temple , Kyoto ]
[ Road along the Fuji river ]
[ Geisha drinking beer in the park ]
[ Buddhist priest in full dress ]
[ Geisha looking at stereoviews ]
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 12
Art and Science in NGC 918
Credit & Copyright : Joseph Brimacombe
Explanation :
This beautiful telescopic skyscape features spiral galaxy NGC 918 .
The island universe is about 50,000 light - years across and lies some 60 million light - years away toward the constellation Aries .
An artistic presentation , the image shows spiky foreground stars in our own Milky Way Galaxy and convoluted dust clouds that hang hundreds of light - years above our galactic plane , dimly reflecting starlight .
It also captures NGC 918 in a cosmic moment important to astrophysicists on planet Earth .
Light from supernova SN2009js , absent in previous images , is indicated by the two lines just below and left of the galaxy 's center .
The supernova itself is the death explosion of a massive star within the plane of galaxy NGC 918 .
It was just discovered in October by supernova search teams in Japan and the US .
One year has past since the Conservative Party resumed being the governing party with the election of 144 Members of Parliament in the 308 seat House of Commons .
This essay was recorded as a podcast during Marc ’s brief incarceration in 2009 .
Listen to the audio version here .
You can also listen to it in YouTube videos at the bottom of this page .
This 12 - month report card identifies ten areas of performance in that time by the Harper government .
I ’ve contrasted their record with the promises made leading up to the October 14 , 2008 Federal election .
I have also harkened back to the 1993 Reform Party platform .
1993 is when the Reform Party , under Preston Manning , elected 52 MPs in the wake of the massive collapse of the Brian Mulroney / Kim Campbell Progressive Conservative Party .
Stephen Harper was a rookie Reform MP elected that year .
The Reform Party – ‘ The West wants in ’ was its war cry – ran on a platform that railed against Brian Mulroney ’s patronage appointments , deficit financing of the government , centralization , expansion of the federal government , and increased taxation .
Prominent in the 1993 Reform platform were :
– More free votes in the house ( without being punished for not admitting to party lines )
– More citizen input into the democratic process ( what Preston Manning called the democratic deficit )
– Accountability in government
– Citizens given the tools to hold government to its promises ( recall , citizen initiatives and referendums )
– A triple “ E ” senate ( elected , effective , and equal )
– Abolish partisan appointments to courts , senate , agencies , and bureaucracy
– Abolish the Liberal - Tory gold plated pension plan
– Decentralized authority to the provinces
– Reining in Federal Government spending
– Giving backbenchers more clout
– Reducing the domination of the Prime Minister ’s Office
From 1993 to 2006 , Reform morphed into the Canadian Alliance ( CA ) that then absorbed the remnants of the Progressive Conservatives party on May 3 , 2003 .
Peter McKay became leader of the PCs upon promising second - place leadership candidate Peter Orchard that he would never merge with Reform / CA .
McKay ’s promise was betrayed virtually immediately and the PC Party was absorbed into the Reform / CA on Dec 8 , 2003 , becoming ‘ the Conservative Party ’ .
The Senate
In the summer of 2008 Stephen Harper appointed 18 new Conservative Senators to the 104 - member Senate .
The Senate has 104 members who are paid a salary of $ 130,000 a year and serve until age 75 .
Senators cannot be fired , dismissed , recalled , or reprimanded in any way , and thus have a great deal of independence .
However , it is not in any way a reflection of a democratic society when one half of the government is made up of lifetime appointments with no voter accountability .
This is why The Reform Party wanted to abolish the Senate as it currently operates and replace it with a US - style Senate elected by voters in each province .
The job of the elected House of Commons – 308 members , each representing a district in Canada with about 100,000 citizens – is to craft laws ( legislation ) .
The political party with the most Members of Parliament ( MP’s ) is the governing party .
All other MPs of the other parties form ‘ the Loyal Opposition ’ who critique the governing party and suggest alternate ideas and policies .
After laws are passed in the House of Commons , the legislation goes to the Senate .
The job of the 104 senators is to review the legislation , make amendments ( or not ) , and submit the finished legislation to the Governor - General , representing Canada and the Queen of England , who is the head of the state ( Canada ) .
As the First Minister in Her Majesty ’s government , Stephen Harper is the Head of the Government .
The Governor - General is usually a respected Canadian from a diplomatic , political , military , or academic background , chosen by the Prime Minister in five - year rotations .
As you can see , the Prime Minister has enormous power ; appointing senators , the Governor - General , Supreme Court judges , federal court judges , provincial court judges , members of commissions , heads of the bureaucracy , ambassadors , the military chief of staff , and much more .
Virtually all the power of government is vested in the Prime Minister ’s Office ( PMO ) .
The Prime Minister selects the Cabinet , which are the chief ministers of each government ministry ; the Minister of Health , Minister of Justice , Minister of Defense , etc .
There are 19 ministries in the Canadian government , and the Prime Minister chooses all of them with advice from his closest assistants in the PMO .
The appointments to the Senate are said to represent the interests of the people of the provinces .
As Canada ’s Senate was created on July 1 , 1867 , when only four provinces existed , the make - up of the Senate appointees is disproportionate in that the lion ’s share are from Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick and Nova Scotia .
Since Canada has had only Liberal and Conservative Prime Ministers for over 140 years , there are no NDP , BLOC or Green Party Senators , just Liberal and Conservative ones .
There are six senators each from BC , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Manitoba and Newfoundland ; 24 each from Ontario and Quebec ; 10 each from New Brunswick and Nova Scotia ; four from Prince Edward Island ; one from the Yukon ; one from the Northwest Territories ; and two from Nunavut , for a total of 104 .
Alberta and BC each have a population of more than one million , yet have fewer senators than New Brunswick , which has a population of under one million , or Nova Scotia with less than a million .
PEI ’s population is only 250,000 and it has one Senator for every 62,500 people , whereas BC and Alberta have one Senator for every million people .
Liberal Prime Minister Paul Martin , for example , appointed Senator Larry Campbell , to the Senate on August 2 , 2005 , to represent BC , replacing retiring senator Edward Lawson .
As a Liberal appointee , Campbell is in the ‘ Liberal ’ caucus , although Campbell , previous to his Senate appointment , had never identified himself as a member of the Liberal Party .
A party ‘ caucus ’ in parliament is made up of elected MPs , appointed senators , a few advisors from the party leader ’s office , the president of the party , and a few other insiders of each party .
Each party in parliament ( there are four : the Conservatives , the Liberals , the NDP and the Bloc Quebecois ) has these ‘ caucus ’ meetings every day before appearing in the formal debates in the House of Commons or Senate .
These ‘ caucus ’ meetings are held in camera ( A Latin term that counter - intuitively means ‘ in private ’ ) and are where issues and strategies are debated in the party so as to determine what questions to ask in question period , what subjects to debate on the floor of the House of Commons , priority in the speaking order , and who shall speak to what matters on behalf of the Party .
Larry Campbell was a popularly elected Mayor of Vancouver from 2002 to 2005 .
Prior to that he was a coroner ( the person who determines the cause of death of a deceased person ) and before that an RCMP officer .
He will be a Senator until February 2023 , when he turns 75 .
One of the founding principles of the reform party , when Stephen Harper was first elected , was a triple “ E ” senate , “ elected , effective and equal . ”
By having Senators voted by citizens to represent provinces , they would have legitimacy , and therefore would be equal to the House of Commons as a genuine expression of democracy .
Senators would reflect provincial populations , so Alberta would have 15 senators and BC would have 16 ( 15.5 % of Canada ’s population ) , instead of six each , as is now the case .
In 2004 , as leader of the newly re-minted Conservative Party , Harper scorned the Senate in opposition , repudiating its legitimacy , saying “ Despite the fine work of many individual Senators , the upper house remains a dumping ground for the favored cronies of the Prime Minister . ”
So did Stephen Harper introduce legislation to change our constitution to permit the democratization of the senate as was advocated by Reform in the 1993 , 1997 , and 2000 election campaigns , and repeated in the Conservative platform in 2004 ?
The opposite occurred in August 2008 , when Harper filled 18 vacancies with appointments , and nine more in August 2009 , loading the Senate with a total of 27 Conservatives .
Some choices were admirable , like TV journalist Pamela Wallin , others inexplicable , like former hockey coach Jacques Demers who admitted in 2005 that he was functionally illiterate in both official languages .
Considering Senators must wade through an exhaustive amount of text containing complex legal terms and review laws that impact on every Canadian , this is the worst possible choice you could make for the Senate .
But in his own words , Harper was not looking for competence , he wants total fidelity to the contemporary Conservative Party agenda , whether in government or out ; Demers and the other 26 new Tory senators are to tow the party line .
Harper said on August 29 , 2009 at the press conference announcing his newest nine senators , “ It is my intention to have Senators in there to support the elected Government ; Senators who will stop blocking out significant legislation , our anti-crime legislation , our legislation on democratic reform . ”
Among the new senators were Doug Finlay , Harper ’s former political operations director and husband of Conservative Human Resources Minister Diane Finlay ; Carolyn - Stewart Olsen , Harper ’s longtime aide ; and former Conservative party president Don Plett .
In both the 2006 and 2008 Conservative Party platforms , Harper promised to create a Public Appointments Commission that would award appointments on merit .
In 2006 , Harper moved to make such a commission , appointing Conservative Party fundraiser Gweyn Morgan to head it .
The Opposition objected to Harper appointing one of his cronies to a commission to stop cronyism .
Harper then dropped the commission from his plans .
The make - up of the Senate is now 54 liberals and 50 Conservatives , with four Senators to retire in 2010 .
If Harper continues on as Prime Minister , by March 2010 , the Senate will have a Conservative majority for the first time in 85 years .
The saving grace of being an appointed Senator for life ( until age 75 anyway ) is that you ca n’t be fired for speaking , acting or voting independently , so Senators can , and often do , oppose their party ’s position in the House of Commons .
That is why nine Senators ( six Liberals , three Conservatives ) on the 2002 Special Senate Committee on Illegal Drugs all voted to recommend the effective legalization of marijuana , even though that position was not supported by Liberals or Conservatives in the House of Commons .
Members of the House of Commons look no further than their current 2 - 4 year term in the Commons to determine the interests of Canadians ; so the legislation is big on optics and messaging , but few long - term effects of legislation are taken seriously by the elected MPs .
Thus the long term effects of our military in Afghanistan , deficit financing or crime - producing prohibition “ crime ” bills , for example , are not seriously considered by elected politicians in the four parties in the House , all are too obsessed with framing ideology for the voters in the next election , 1 - 3 years away .
Senators can determine the long - term effects of legislation because they will be in office 10 - 35 years .
That is what the 2002 Special Committee did when they recommended repealing marijuana prohibition ; they were looking at what was good for Canada in the long term , not concerned with election campaign optics .
Stephen Harper betrayed his commitment to a triple “ E ” Senate , to reforming the Senate , to repudiating partisan patronage , to addressing the democratic deficit .
Parallel to stacking the Senate with loyal minions of questionable competence has been Harper ’s appointments to the courts of our land .
Harper ’s most recent five appointments , made September 9 , 2009 , to the courts are instructive .
Peter Richardson Bryson was appointed to the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia ; he gave $ 2,750 to the Conservative Party in 2004 and 2006 .
William Budnett was appointed to the court of the Queen ’s Bench ; he gave $ 3,000 to the Conservative Party in 2004 and 2006 .
Claude D’Allaire was appointed to the Quebec Superior Court ; his most recent donation to the Conservative Party was $ 500 in 2008 .
Pierre Blais was Attorney General in Brian Mulroney ’s Conservative government and was appointed as Chief Justice of the Federal Court of Appeal .
What ’s the message here ?
If you want to be a judge on any court in Canada , open up your wallets and donate to the Conservative Party agenda ?
Once again , blatant party patronage is corrupting another institution of our democracy .
Three days before the October 14 , 2008 Federal election , Stephen Harper said , “ We ’re not running a deficit , we have planned a realistic scenario .
We ’ve got conservative budget estimates , we ’ve got a modest platform that does n’t fill the existing fiscal room that we have , and we have plenty of flexibility in how we phase it .
So that ’s our policy .
We ’re not getting into deficit . ”
Harper added , for further historical irony , “ this country will not go into recession this year . ”
One year later , the operating deficit for the government of Canada is an unprecedented $ 56 billion , with Harper predicting operating deficits for the next six fiscal years .
Compare that to the average annual operating deficit of the Mulroney conservatives that Harper condemned when he first ran as a Reform candidate in 1993 .
Mulroney ’s Tories ran deficits totaling $ 284 billion over nine years , averaging $ 32 billon short in red ink each year over a two - term administration .
It was the Chrétien Liberals with Finance Minister Paul Martin that reversed the deficit - financing trend , operating with budget surpluses from 1998 - 2005 ( after four deficit years 1994 - 1997 ) .
The surpluses in those years were used to pay down the accumulated national debt ( which was $ 460 billion as of 2005 ) .
The Federal Government ’s total national debt as of December 22 , 2009 was $ 504 billion .
For every federal dollar of taxes we pay , 14 cents of each dollar goes to pay the national debt run up by the Trudeau and Mulroney administrations .
In 1990 , it was 38 cents of every dollar of tax going to interest on the debt .
That was unsustainable and interest rates were much higher in 1990 .
But budget surpluses to pay down the debt over 11 years ( 1996 to 2007 ) , along with considerably higher taxes ( the GST among them ) , and unsustainably low interest rates , have reduced it – for now – to 14 cents on the dollar .
Here ’s a snapshot of the accumulated Canadian government debt :
1961 -1962 budget $ 14,825,000,000
1970 - 1971 budget $ 20,293,000,000
1980 - 1981 budget $ 91,948,000,000
1990 - 1991 budget $ 377,656,000,000
1996 -1997 budget $ 562,881,000,000
2001 -2002 budget $ 511,946,000,000
2007-2008 budget $ 457,637,000,000
2008-2009 budget $ 458,737,000,000
2009 - 2010 budget $ 492,437,000,000
2010 - 2011 budget $ 522,337,000,000
2011 -2012 budget $ 535,237,000,000 ( projected )
2012-2013 budget $ 542,537,000,000 ( projected )
From 2009 to 2013 , the Conservative government is set to wipe out the gains made on the National Debt from 1998 - 2007 .
Stephen Harper has an economics degree from the University of Calgary and was the chief spokesman and president of the National Citizens Coalition , a right - wing populist lobby .
Established by London Life Insurance President Colin Brown in 1972 , the first NCC campaign was “ Turn in a Pusher ” , which became the T.I.P program in 1973 , and eventually Crime Stoppers .
Harper the lobbyist , Harper the neophyte Reform candidate in 1993 and Harper the Prime Minister in 2008 railed against deficits , and for good reason .
Deficits are a tax on future generations because banks lend governments the money to cover operational budget shortfalls and this borrowed money must be repaid , along with onerous interest payments .
There are about 24,000,000 Canadians ( out of a total population of 31,000,000 ) over the age of 17 paying income taxes on their earnings .
A $ 56 billion operating deficit for just one year must be borrowed from banks , pension funds , individuals who buy government “ bonds ” such as Canada saving bonds or treasury bonds , and other financial instruments .
This debt is directly payable only by Canadian taxpayers .
This year ’s debt alone is $ 56 billion , which is a $ 2,350 debt for the average taxpayer – you !
In just one year of government deficit !
But it ’s worse than just a massive delayed tax when the Gov’t borrows money ; it sucks that money out of circulation for the use of private enterprise .
Businesses that need to borrow for expansion , construction , capitalization , research and development , new machinery , and exploration , find that money available for loans is scarce and often unavailable because government has borrowed $ 56 billion in one year that would have been available to business .
With all European and North American governments operating with deficits at state and federal levels , there is very little money available for the industries and business that actually provide long - term productive jobs that reflect market demand and grow economics .
With governments of the world in debt by about $ 22 trillion USD ( the US alone has a debt of $ 12 trillion ) , who is lending them the $ 600 billion a year just to cover the interest on this debt ?
I do n’t think there is nearly enough private investment capital liquid enough in a recession to actually cover these loans .
I think government is printing money out of the thin air , inflating the currency , setting absurd and unsustainable low - interest rates , and printing their way out of debt .
This is how the massive US Federal Government deficits are being accounted for , printing massive quantities of paper money .
When this happens , the value of paper money drops relative to commodities like oil , gold , metals and other commodities , which are going up in price during a recession and high unemployment .
How will these massive borrowed operating deficits be paid back ?
Any combination of inflation , tax increases , devaluation , collapse of an entire monetary system are all possible and likely scenarios .
History is littered with societies ruined by currency inflation as we saw in the 1977 - 1980 period where interest rates / mortgage rate rose to 12 % - 24 % , followed by a dramatic recession and high unemployment .
What are called essential services to Canadians get severely curtailed ; health care , hospitals , and doctors get starved for funds ; schools , universities , and transit systems see massive cuts in funding ; and infrastructure projects are cancelled as money flows toward a huge debt buildup .
Transfer payments to the provinces get severely curtailed requiring provincial governments to raise taxes or curtail services .
This is what the Liberals had to do from 1994 - 1999 in order to operate the federal government without deficits .
Then from 1998 - 2005 , the Liberals were able to make considerable headway paying down the accumulated National Debt that the Mulroney years inflamed with deficit spending .
Nonetheless , Stephen Harper says it will be five years before the Conservative government has a balanced budget ; massive deficits are to incur a national debt on a scale comparable or worse than the Mulroney years , which is what got Stephen Harper and Preston Manning into politics in the first place .
“ There will be no deficits in the next year ” said Harper on October 12 , 2008 .
“ Canada ’s Economic Action Plan ” and Harper ’s stimulus spending
On October 15 , 2009 , Conservative Party MPs were seen on TV and in newspapers holding billboard - like presentation checks ; taxpayer money doled out to various dubious projects .
The arrogance of these cheesy photo - ops were immediately noticed ; many had the Conservative Party logo displayed prominently , others had Stephen Harper ’s signature as the payer , all the giant presentation checks representing your money were in shades of Tory blue .
Stephen Harper ’s signature on presentation cheques ?
Conservative Party logos ?
Tory blue colors ?
Is it King Harper now ?
More like Quebec Premier Maurice Duplessis , who ruled Quebec with favors and intimidation in the doling out of taxpayer dollars from 1943 to 1959 .
In Duplessis ’s Quebec , districts that elected his Union Nationale candidates to the Quebec National Assembly received taxpayer dollars for roads , sidewalks , parks , sewers and the like .
Those Quebec districts that elected Liberal MLA ’s received little or no infrastructure dollars .
This was a classic Duplessis bit of extortion ; vote for the Liberal at your own peril .
Stephen Harper is the new Duplessis in Canada ’s Economic Action Plan , or ‘ Stimulus ’ spending , it is pork barrel politics ; a Canadian political tradition that the Reform Party of 1993 found most offensive .
Delivering the ‘ pork ’ always has had resonance in Quebec and the Atlantic provinces .
These eastern provinces traditionally have high unemployment , seasonal work , old industries and traditional union politics .
Transferring wealth from Ontario , and especially the west , in order to buy vote in Québec and the Atlantic provinces was standard operating politics for federal Liberals since W.L. McKenzie King ( 1945 ) and even the Diefenbaker and Mulroney Conservatives .
Transfer payments have always been the most visible ‘ benefit ’ of confederation for the Eastern provinces .
The 1993 Reform Party was completely hostile to this transfer of wealth ; it came at great lost to Alberta with its dynamic resource industries of oil , natural gas , metals , and cattle , with no benefit in return .
The Reform slogan “ The West Wants In ’ was in reaction to the exploitation of Alberta and BC within confederation .
Originally , Reform understood “ Pork ” .
Any benefit to transfer payments is illusory .
It is the transfer of income from genuine market - created productive jobs , where real wealth is created , to those not working at all or to industries or activities that ca n’t be sustained without continual infusions of welfare / stimulus payments , courtesy of the expensive and inefficient hand of government .
No doubt the recipients of these taxpayer - funded handouts are grateful , but what is required is genuine opportunity ; these supplicant populations should migrate to where the market - created jobs are .
Instead , high taxes and expensive government stifle the wealth creators .
Their ability to reinvest in their successful endeavors is hobbled by the transfer of their good money to bad places , where little authentic growth ( through market choices ) is possible by persons and industries that receive these stimulus dollars ( known as ‘ Pork ’ , ‘ Boondoggles ’ , ‘ quangoes ’ , and ‘ bringing home the bacon ’ ) who become dependent on these continual infusions and the political collusion that makes them possible .
Instead of investing in market - motivated growth , these patronized industries become experts in extracting taxpayer largesse out of the political system through political donations , kickbacks , bribery and lobbying .
Harper is delivering the pork in a way that ought to make his former mentor , Reform founder Preston Manning , cringe .
Conservative ridings are receiving a far greater percentage of the pork than Liberal , NDP , or Bloc Quebecois ridings .
In Nova Scotia , Tory ridings received 42 % more on average than NDP or Liberal ridings .
In Quebec , the 10 Conservative ridings have received 62 % more per riding than if the money spent in Quebec under Canada ’s Economic Action Plan were evenly divided up .
Many Montreal - area ridings with Bloc or Liberal MP ’s received just one project with miniscule funding .
In the backhanded tribute to an Ontario decimated by recession , it became the leading pork recipient .
Ontario got 54 % of the total stimulus spending ( with 39 % of the population ) , again weighed in Conservative ridings .
The 51 Tory ridings received on average $ 2.1 million in make - work , NDP ridings receiving $ 1.86 million average and $ 1.36 million average to the Liberal ridings .
Harper ’s government so far has refused to even issue a list of all the federal projects and what ridings have received what money , despite the promise of one .
The Prime Minister was on TV with a straight face defending the partisan pork : “ Conservative MP ’s have been working very hard , obviously , in many cases securing projects for their ridings .
I would encourage the other parties to work equally hard . ”
Accompanying this giant handout of cash – and consequent national debt – to impress voters with their own tax money is a national advertising campaign costing over $ 35 million , extolling ‘ Canada ’s Economic Action Plan ’
Propaganda can be defined as messaging that manipulates the audience into a foregone conclusion without the benefit of facts , true information , or content .
The economic action plan ad campaign assures us in soothing shades of blue , with scenes of clean shiny , happy working Canadians , that the federal government is putting Canada to work ‘ again ’ .
The subtext to the campaign is to sell Canadians on the idea that deficits are unimportant , that government ’s primary function is to spend your money to create jobs .
These propaganda buys do not point out that ‘ stimulus ’ spending is achieved with massive deficits that you , the taxpayer , must repay one day thorough inflation , or increased taxes , or reduced services , or a degraded monetary system and other calamites we have yet to experience .
Meanwhile , a huge amount of taxpayer money is flowing to a cash strapped corporate media for this propaganda barrage .
This largesse of advertising dollars is both a taxpayer bailout of Canwest - Global , CBC , and CTV and a bribe to the corporate media to mute its criticism of the Tory government .
Criticize too loudly and the rich flow of government advertising can arbitrarily be cut at a time when private business has dramatically cut advertising .
$ 20 billion of the $ 30 billion in stimulus spending is in the form of tax credits for businesses and individuals .
The most popular is the ‘ home renovation tax credit ’ .
Fix up your old home and you could get up to $ 4,500 refunded .
Who tends to vote Conservative in elections ?
Rural homeowners .
Renters , students , urban condominium owners ( whose new property requires few upgrades ) , single people , and couples without children tend to vote NDP , Liberal or Green and cannot use this tax credit nearly as much as families with kids who put a lot of wear - and - tear on their home .
Prior to this formalized stimulus - spending plan , there were $ 8 billion in auto bailouts for Ontario - based auto plants like GM and Chrysler in 2009 .
Businesses that go begging for your tax dollars should be boycotted because they are operating inefficiently and the market place has already rejected them – that is you , the buyer , the consumer , have rejected them .
They go to the government begging for favors using political influence , extortion , and the threat of moving out of the country , alternately threatening to leave and wailing a tale of woe .
You should not buy a GM or a Chrysler vehicle .
Ford , Acura , Honda , Kenworth , Opel - Vauxhall , Suzuki , Toyota , Volkswagon and Zenn all make vehicles in Canada and are properly run without bailout money .
In fairness to GM , they have indicated they are making loan repayments of a significant amount in the next 12 months .
In the House of Commons , Transport Minister John Baird was aggressive in defending the Tory cheques and politically influenced vote - buying with the taxpayers ’ own money .
Baird quoted Jean Chrétien from the 1990 ’s with this quote from the former Liberal PM , “ Listen , we are the government , I do n’t see why we ca n’t try to get credit for what we do .
I hope we do so .
There ’s nothing to be ashamed of that . ”
Preston Manning must be upchucking his porridge to see what Reform has become – quoting the Liberal Chrétien for legitimacy !
The vital difference in comparing the Chrétien / Martin era with the Harper present is that the Liberals cut the deficit in every budget while distributing pork from 1997 to 2005 .
Reform was created precisely because Mulroney was exploiting the west , incurring annual operating deficits , and focused on delivering pork to the east .
Harper is following that exact same roadmap , only on steroids .
Government spending under Stephen Harper .
The first fiscal budget for the Harper Tories was 2006 and it was 222 billion .
For 2009 , it is $ 259 billion , an increase of 17 % over four fiscal years .
Inflation in the same period was under 7 % .
Accountability and transparency
Details have been refused by the Harper government in the following areas :
a ) A cost of the advertising campaign to Canada ’s economic action
b ) The details of riding by riding spending on stimulus spending
c ) The budget details and total annual spending of our military participation in Afghanistan .
Defence Minister Peter McKay claimed the numbers were being concealed for the purposes of National Security , so Al - Qaeda and the Taliban would not be able to deduce our strategies and material by perusing the accounting details of the cost of the war .
d ) The cost estimates for the new crime bills .
The bills are estimated to add 5,000 - 7,000 new inmates each year to the prison population , currently there are 39,400 inmates , this will grow to 76,000 by 2015 if all the Harper “ Crime ” bills get passed .
The Harper government refuses to release the estimates – its scary expensive – even though they admit they have them .
The forbidding cost of making prison sentences longer and expanding the incarceration net of drug prohibition to add tens of thousands of additional drug offenders is a major change in Canadian society .
Bill C - 15 ( the mandatory minimum jail sentencing drug legislation ) , the canceling of accelerated parole , and the end of the 2 - for - 1 remand credit will add tremendous financial burden to the beleaguered Canadian taxpayer .
The costs are a compelling argument in rejecting the new legislation but citizens are kept unaware of the staggering expense for absolutely no public benefit .
These fill - the - jails laws have bankrupted the state of California and many other states with exploding prison populations since they adopted similar measures in the 1980’s .
A male in a Canadian jail for one - year costs the taxpayer $ 101,000 , and a female inmate costs $ 185,000 .
In Bill C - 15 , a person growing 10 marijuana plants in a rented home would receive a minimum nine months in jail , causing misery at a cost of $ 75,000 .
With the flurry of Tory anti-crime bills , up to 10 new prisons and remand centers would need to be built annually .
Private prison companies like Corrections Corporation of America are being invited to run these new prisons .
The new Edmonton remand center that opened in October , 2009 cost $ 640 million .
Ten new prisons annually will cost $ 6.5 billion .
‘ Budget officer to probe cost of Tory crime bills ’
Bill Burry , Globe and Mail Parliamentary Budget Officer Kevin
Page is launching the first stages of a financial analysis aimed at the pinning down the total cost of the Conservative government ’s tough - on - crime agenda .
The preliminary work is being done in response to a written request by Liberal MP hopes it will determine the financial implications of three crime bills already passed into law and four others that are still being debated in Parliament .
“ The government has supplied Parliament with no costing for these policies , despite the fact that the cost to our correctional system will inevitably be in the hundreds of millions of dollars as a significant influx of new federal inmates will result . ”
Mr.Holland wrote .
Public Saftey Minister Peter Van Loan , who is responsible for Correctional Service Canada , said this month that the government is in fact preparing for more inmates .
The service ’s budget for prison infrastructure has doubled since 2006 when the Conservatives took office .
Mr. Van Loan has said the government has internal estimates showing the expected rise in prison inmates that will be attributed to each new measure , but is declining to make those figures public .
Canada ’s prison population has remained static for about 30 years , there have been 34,000 to 39,000 inmates total in all Canadian detention facilities in any given year from 1979 to 2009 .
By contrast , the US prison population exploded from 380,000 in 1980 to 2.4 million in 2009 ; exclusively due to 3 - strikes laws , mandatory minimum jail for drug offenses , lengthy sentences , and the elimination of federal parole in the US federal prison system .
Yet , crime in Canada has continued a downward trend over 30 years , excluding drug and particularly marijuana - related offenses .
Existing Canadian law can be severe if a judge chooses to be severe .
No new legislation is required .
Justice Minister Rob Nicholson could not produce any science or reports to back these new ‘ crime ’ bills or show they would to improving public safety .
When asked in committee by MP Libby Davies if he had the science to show that mandatory minimum jail sentences create desirable social benefits ( particularly since the US experience has produced only tremendous expense without any corresponding safety ) , the Minister replied :
“ It ’s been a long time since we has a number of these mandatory penalties here and we are absolutely convinced in our consultations with Canadians that this is exactly what Canadians want us to do . ”
When pushed again by Davies with the questions , “ Do you have any evidence ?
Any Studies ? ” Nicholson reported , “ We have evidence that Canadians have told us that , and with respect to resources , I can tell you this is welcome across the country . ”
If Nicholson ’s nonsensical and politically partisan remarks strike you as unscientific , remember that this guy was Brian Mulroney ’s Minister of Science from 1989 to 1991 .
Scary , eh ?
There are several ‘ crime ’ bills .
Bill C - 15 brings mandatory minimum jail sentences for all illegal drug sellers , growers , and producers .
Bill C - 25 eliminates the 2 - for - 1 day served credit inmates received for their time in maximum - security remand or pre-trial facilities prior to sentencing .
Bill C - 43 eliminates accelerated parole for most offenders .
Bill C - 52 increases jail time for fraud , embezzlement , auto theft , trafficking in stolen property .
Police have been given greater wiretap powers , surveillance of email , Facebook , MySpace and all electronic communication .
Canada currently imprisons one out of every 680 citizens .
The US incarcerates one citizen in 99 ; the world ’s highest rate with 5 % of the world ’s population .
The US has 25 % of the planets prisoners .
‘ Drug crimes ’ , which have fueled the rapid increase of prison population in the US , are government policy - manufactured offences .
All scientific evidence points to prohibition as the primary engine driving the lucrative profits of the illegal drug trade .
As enforcement increases so does the price of illegal drugs .
When price goes up , the drug trade becomes more attractive because of huge potential gains .
Tens of thousands of Canadians are lured into the illegal drug trade for this reason each year .
Despite having 900,000 inmates in US jails for drug - related offenses , there has been no deterrent effect on consumption , production , or distribution of illegal drugs in the last 30 years .
Politicians who support prohibition therefore support organized crime by handing gangs a fantastically profitable monopoly .
Gangs use these profits to disrupt civil society and a proper work ethic .
Five to seven million Canadians have consumed marijuana in the last year .
250,000 to 400,000 Canadians have consumed cocaine in the same period .
250,000 to 350,000 Canadians are involved in cultivation , selling , and distributing marijuana alone , a rich target for Bill C - 15 .
The current financial return for marijuana production , invaluable to rural economies in Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , Quebec , Ontario , Manitoba , Alberta and British Columbia is estimated at $ 8 to $ 14 billion a year .
If marijuana and other currently prohibited substances were legalized , and a regulated and taxed system of transparent distribution put into place , 80% - 90 % of gang profits would be eliminated , with a corresponding reduction in gang membership .
The approach of jailing youthful drug dealers is also counter - productive , because many gangs recruit from jail .
The Red Scorpions gang was formed in the jails of the lower mainland of BC , and jails are the primary source of its recruitment .
Many young people in jail have had chaotic childhoods with a missing father .
Gangs offer comradeship and male bonding , a father - substitute with potentially perilous results .
Legalizing drugs would arrest the decay of our inner cities , far fewer women would prostitute themselves for drugs , and the spread of hepatitis C , HIV , and AIDS would be greatly diminished .
Marijuana use represents everything Stephen Harper wants eliminated from acceptable Canadian society .
Harper , when launching the National Anti-Drug Strategy on October 4 , 2007 , cited permissive values of the 1960 ’s when launching his latter - day crusade against the infidels .
“ A simple war on drugs is not going to be successful , ” he said , “ but neither is simply being soft on the question going to be successful .
We are up against a culture that , since the 1960 ’s , has had at the minimum not discouraged drug use and often romanticized it , or made it cool .
My son is listening to my Beatles records and asking me what all these lyrics mean .
I love these records .
I ’m not putting them away .
But we have to change the culture . ”
When asked about his use of marijuana , the Prime Minister ’s now notorious retort was , “ I was offered a joint once , but I was too drunk to take it . ”
Yet , there in October 2009 , was Stephen Harper playing piano and singing along at the National Arts Gallery to “ ( I Get High ) With a Little Help From My Friends ” , a Beatles song that Paul McCartney and John Lennon were inspired to write after a night of marijuana use .
Harper ’s zeal for this anti-drug crusade , he said , was provoked when his 11 - year - old son Benjamin asked what the lyrics in the Beatles ’ Sergeant Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band album meant .
To Harper , the ‘ culture ’ or ‘ cannabis culture ’ is the most dangerous of all because its appeal to Canadians is steeped in liberal or libertarian values , philosophies that Harper regards as degenerate .
At this point , let us discuss Stephen Harper ’s core belief system and what makes him tick .
Canada has a new commission – Canada ’s Mental Health Commission – whose head is a pre-millennial fundamentalist Christian named Chris Summerville , a Pastor of the associated Gospel Churches of Canada , which has 140 churches .
Pre-millennialists believe that Jesus will return to earth in our lifetime to bring all true believers in Christ to Heaven , while the rest of us infidels will burn in a lake of fire as promised in the Book of Revelations .
Stephen Harper assigned Summerville the specific task of finding a link between cannabis and schizophrenia .
Summerville has no training in mental health but believes ‘ Satan walks among men ’ .
Summerville claims to talk to God regularly , ( which to me seems like a sort of schizophrenia ) .
As is true with all his partisan appointments , Harper only appoints people who believe what he believes .
Appointing a Book of Revelation End - of - Days pastor like Summerville as head of the Mental Health Commission is a sign that Harper thinks mental illness is moral failing combined with bad values , and requires a kind of exorcism , a repentance , and spiritual renewal .
Summerville and members of these 140 churches believe ( according to their website ) that Satan is a person who walks amongst us today , and that the Holy Scripture constitutes the only supreme authority in matters of faith , teaching and behavior .
Here ’s another quote from Summerville ’s website :
We believe the total corruption of human nature has been transmitted to the entire race of human beings ; every child of Adam is born into the world with a sinful nature .
We believe in the eternal blessed of the saved and the eternal punishment of the lost .
We further believe there is an appointed day for the judgment of the wicked when they will be cast into the lake of fire , there to remain forever and ever in varying degrees of torment according to their works .
Summerville ’s beliefs are informed , as are Harper ’s , by the Book of Revelations – specially Revelations 20:10 the devil , who deceived them , was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beast and false prophet are and they will be tormented day and night forever 20:7
Now when the thousand years have expired , Satan will be released from his prison ( 8 ) and will go out and deceive the nations which are at the four corners of the earth 20:13 and they were judged each one according to his works 20:15 and anyone not found in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire .
21:8
The cowardly , unbelieving , abominable , murderers , the sexually immoral , the sorcerers ( which include drug users , psychedelic plant users ) idolaters , and all liars shall have their part in the lake of fire which burns with fire and brimstone , which is the second death .
It is this last reference , sorcerers being put to death , that justified the killing of two to seventeen million women as witches and sorcerers for their use of plants and herbs in the 500 - year Spanish Inquisition and from the Dark Ages to 1832 .
Harper expressed the philosophy that informs his reactionary social conservative policy making in a 2003 speech to the Civitas Group .
“ Conservatives need to reassess our understanding of the modern left , ” he said .
“ It has moved beyond old socialistic morality or even moral relativism to something much darker .
It has become moral nihilism .
A post -Marxist ( nihilism ) with deep resentments .
Serious Conservative Parties simply cannot stay away from values questions on a wide range of public policy questions including foreign affairs , defense , criminal justice and corrections , family and childcare , health care and social services .
Social values are increasingly the big issues . ”
Defined , nihilism means life without objective meaning , purpose or intrinsic valve .
It can also mean the belief that the destruction of existing political or social institutions is necessary for future improvement .
Indeed , the Center for Research on Canadian Evangelism shows growth for the Conservative Party with fundamentalists of all religious stripes , Christian , Muslim and Judaic .
In 1996 , of those who identified themselves as evangelical or fundamentalist voters in the four western provinces , only 33 % voted for Reform .
Nine years later , 71 % of self identified evangelicals or fundamentalists in the west said they voted Conservative in the 2006 election .
On March 11 , 2009 Harper gave a speech to kick off a three - day conference of conservatives at a fundraising dinner for the Preston Manning Institute for Democracy called “ Three values of conservatism ; Faith , Family , Freedom ” .
From that speech , Harper said , “ Faith in all its forms teaches that there is a right and wrong beyond mere opinion or desire , more importantly it teaches us that how freedom is exercised matters as much as freedom itself . ”
Many parliamentarians of avowed religious bents have close relationships with alcohol and its abuse .
Stephen Harper ’s rejection of a joint occurred in his years at the University of Calgary ( getting his economics degree ) , a period when Harper engaged in binge drinking on most weekends .
He was n’t and is n’t alone in that dangerous behavior .
Alcohol kills 12,000 Canadians annually and is a component of most rapes , domestic violence , assaults and dangerous behavior .
Cannabis , on the other hand , is considered the world ’s most utilitarian plant : useful in the manufacture of clothing , its seeds contain essential fatty acids ( Omega 3,6 and 9 ) , the best fibers , and can produce industrial plastic substitutes , food , medicine , biomass fuel , oils of all kinds , and is a non -toxic euphoric .
Humans have specific cannabinoid receptors in the brain to receive its consciousness - raising attributes , as well as cannabinoid receptors throughout the body ( as do all mammals ) to receive its medicinal and therapeutic benefits .
A May 1 , 2009 Angus - Reid poll asked British Columbians whether to legalize or further criminalize Canadians according to this premise : “ the illegal marijuana industry is linked to much of the gang violence on BC streets .
Some say violence would be reduced if marijuana were legalized , while others say violence would decrease if penalties for marijuana trafficking were significantly increased . ”
%65 said legalize
%35 said increase penalties
An Angus - Reid poll of March 5 , 2009 showed 50 % of Canadians nationwide want marijuana legalized , while 65 % of respondents from BC wanted marijuana legalized .
The original 1993 Reform platform promised more citizen input into the democratic process ; yet not a single member of Canada ’s elected House of Commons has ever spoken on behalf of that 50 % who want marijuana legalized – ever !
In the 2008 Federal election , Conservative MP for Edmonton - Strathcona Rahim Jaffer was defeated because he bought radio ads condemning NDP Leader Jack Layton ’s support in 2003 for legalizing marijuana .
Over the final week of the October 2008 campaign , Jaffer spent $ 15,000 on these ads to defeat NDP rival Linda Duncan .
Only one other NDP MP has ever been elected from Alberta to the House of Commons in 50 years .
Ross Harvie was NDP MP from Edmonton East from 1988 - 1993 .
Duncan was a newcomer and Jaffer had won his seat only two years earlier by over 5,000 votes .
The two ads that ran on radio in the final two weeks of Jaffer ’s campaign :
“ Edmontonians understand how difficult it is to make sure our children make the right choices , especially on serious issues like drug use .
The Conservative Party supports drug - free schools and getting tough with drug dealers .
Do n’t let our schools go up in smoke .
Vote Conservative Rahim Jaffer . ”
Radio ad # 2 aired extensively for one week before the October 14 election date :
“ Jack Layton and the Ottawa NDP have publicly supported the legalization of marijuana .
In fact , when asked about marijuana , Jack Layton called it a wonderful substance , which Canadians should be free to smoke at home , or at a café .
Edmontonians understand how difficult it is to make sure our children make the right choices especially on serious issues and getting tough with drug dealers who sell illegal drugs to our children .
Do n’t let our schools go up in smoke , on October 14 vote Conservative . ”
Once out of office , Jaffer married Conservative MP Helen Guergis .
Recently , he was arrested drunk driving in possession of a bag of cocaine .
Like most alcoholics and drug abusers , it is not likely this was Jaffer ’s first time behind the wheel on booze or cocaine .
Jaffer was a star Conservative MP from 1997 - 2008 .
He was chair of the Conservative caucus .
He sat on the parliamentary standing committee of Justice and Human Rights .
During this time his party was formulating Bill C - 15 , and Jaffer was a leading crusader against marijuana .
Jaffer is still married to a cabinet minister in the Harper government , so he is politically relevant , despite attempts by the Harperites to dismiss him as a private citizen .
It is fair and accurate to say Jaffer ’s view on drugs is expressed in Harper ’s decision to launch a war against a “ culture ” and that Bill C - 15 is the way to do it .
By obtaining organized crime cocaine , Jaffer left himself , his cabinet minister wife , and thereby the Canadian government , open to blackmail .
Who was supplying Jaffer and what do they want ?
In Columbia , Mexico and Afghanistan , organized crime supports democratic governments because prohibition compromises national security and fosters trans - border smuggling , pan-regional organized crime , and other profitable expansion of criminal organizations .
Often these criminal organizations have banks supportively regulated by the local government , which they influence by bribes , election financing , death threats , etc .
Police and politicians , the two groups that support prohibition , drink a lot of booze , meet a lot of criminals , and take a lot of drugs .
They are very vulnerable to blackmail and extortion .
Have Harper ’s prohibition laws , which he has admitted target a “ culture ” and not a crime , opened the Canadian government and law enforcement to infiltration by organized crime ?
Why are police , politicians and gangsters the ones who support prohibition ?
Who does prohibition help ?
It helps police to build bigger budgets and get more repressive laws and gives them fantastic latitude in violating our precious constitutional safeguards .
Prohibition helps gangsters and cartels make more money than governments .
Who does prohibition hurt ?
Everyone else : our children , our families , out justice system , our health care system , and our country .
Prohibition corrupts everything decent in human society .
Voters on October 14 endorsed what Jaffer tried to condemn , electing an NDP MP , and many voters cited Layton ’s strong verbal support of legalization as their motivation to get out the vote for Duncan .
Of course , this only validates Harper ’s worldview that the cannabis culture is a left wing idea , part of what Harper calls a “ Philosophy of Nihilism ” , the belief that existing social and political institutions need to be swept away to make improvements to society .
Confirming Harper ’s worldview are the MPs in Parliament who have at times been vocal in their support of the cannabis culture ( and myself as leader of the cannabis culture ) including Libby Davies , Svend Robinson , Bill Siksay and Keith Martin .
Davies , Robinson , Siksay are left - wing and homosexual and Martin is a Liberal who defected from Reform after accusing Harper of being a religious fundamentalist .
Randy
White , Reform / CA / Conservative MP for Abbotsford mission from 1993 to 2005 confessed to me over lunch in 2004 that he was an alcoholic for 15 years of his adult life , frequently driving drunk and behaving abusively with alcohol before becoming clean and sober .
However , sobriety did not make
White a compassionate man as MP when it came to persecuting the cannabis culture .
Matthew Johnston , Rahim Jaffer ’s executive assistant , told me of an 2001 incident in an Ottawa bar regarding Rookie Conservative MP James Moore .
( I had occasions to debate Moore in his Port Coquitlam riding in the November 2000 Federal election about marijuana legalization as a Marijuana Party candidate that year . )
Moore was opposed to any normalization of the cannabis culture and in fact , added , “ I think the stigma against marijuana use and marijuana users is a good thing and should continue . ”
Johnston , now publisher of the online Western Standard was with Moore in an Ottawa bar in early 2001 .
Moore was getting increasingly drunk and began propositioning a woman nearby , rather explicitly , who rebuffed his drunken advances .
Upon rejection , Moore drank more and brooded .
As he left the bar , he went up to the woman and threw a glass full of alcohol in her face and called her a ‘ whore ’ very loudly in front of Johnson and three other CA executive assistants .
Other well - known alcohol abusers in politics include BC Premier Gordon Campbell , convicted of drunk and dangerous driving ; and former Alberta premier Ralph Klein , who once , when wildly drunk , went into a homeless shelter to berate and abuse the indigent men there .
Former BC Solicitor - General Rich Coleman , who handed over the ‘ Marc Emery File ’ to the United States DEA and co-operated to have a US indictment against my seed sales in 2005 , is a former alcoholic .
Jack Layton used to be a pot smoker as recently as 2004 , toking with students at NDP clubs on university campuses in 2003 - 2004 .
Since that time , Layton has stopped smoking pot and has since been evasive and disinterested in advancing the repeal of marijuana prohibition .
He was most recently seen at the NDP convention in Halifax in August 2009 quite inebriated , as political conventions feature numerous opportunities for alcohol consumption .
Politics can change men from free thinkers into conformist drunks ; it would seem Layton is n’t alone amongst politicians who once smoked pot and then left that behind , or who , upon their election to the House of Commons , became brazen hypocrites on the matter of the cannabis culture .
Justin Trudeau , rookie MP for Quebec ’s Papineau riding and son of former prime minister Pierre Trudeau , smoked marijuana with me on 4th Ave in Vancouver , out on the patio at a favorite karaoke restaurant of an astrophysicist mutual friend of ours .
This was in 2002 when Trudeau lived in Vancouver working as a kindergarten teacher .
Trudeau was asked about our smoke session and denied smoking pot with me , but several others were present at the restaurant .
Yet , there Justin was , leaping to his feet during the House of Commons role call to vote Yes on Bill C - 15 , which will undoubtedly have the effect of jailing some of the very young people he taught .
Eighty percent of students will consume marijuana at some point in their teen years , many will sell or share pot – and there is pot smoker Trudeau eagerly jumping up to signal his endorsement that they should go to jail .
In recent video , young Trudeau accurately identified the dangers of Bill C - 15 , and denied smoking pot with me , making him disingenuous on two subjects within 30 seconds .
Oh how Ottawa makes mice of men !
In fairness to individual MPs , their Party imposes a “ whip ” on each of them .
If they do n’t vote the way the leader of the Party tells them , they can be ejected from the Caucus ( like Conservative Bill Casey was when he voted against his government ’s budget in 2006 ) , or deprived of promotion and any possibility of a cabinet position one day .
The Liberal and Conservative leader can decline to allow any of his MPs to stand in the next election if they deviate from party lines .
Canada essentially is ruled by the four leaders and those working in the Prime Minister ’s office , none of whom were voted for by 99 % of Canada .
Bill C - 15 is the mandatory minimum jail sentence legislation that has already passed the House of Commons with the Liberals and Conservatives supporting ( Keith Martin of the Liberals and Scott Reid of the Conservatives abstained , making no vote ) and the NDP and Bloc Quebecois opposed .
For the Cannabis culture , it is an ominously draconian bill that will send thousands more to jail each year , impacting on tens of thousands of family members of the scores who will be jailed .
Cannabis is a Schedule 2 drug under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act. ( CDSA )
Growing six or 10 or 20 plants would almost never result in jail under the current law , although cultivation of any number of cannabis plants could still get you a jail sentence of up to five years .
Because judges do not generally send growers of under 50 plants to jail , this legislation is meant to override the judge ’s discretion ( or leniency as Harper would consider it ) and force the judge to jail virtually everyone who grows any kind of cannabis beyond a few plants .
No exception exists in bill C - 15 for medical use or industrial hemp ( which , while not psychoactive , still has small concentrations of cannabinoids ) .
Nonetheless , prior to the imposition of penalties in Bill C - 15 , a person caught by police with six or 10 or 20 or 35 plants growing in their dwelling would receive a fine of up $ 2,000 to $ 4,000 and at least a night in jail until bail was posted .
A lawyer would have to be hired at $ 2,000 - $ 5,000 .
It would also result in a criminal record that would prevent traveling to the United States ( or even traveling on a plane landing in the US ) .
The charge could appear in the newspapers and result in job - loss and the loss of child custody .
Bail conditions would remain until a trial and drug testing may be required .
If convicted , onerous probationary conditions would likely follow .
All of that would be traumatic for someone growing just five or 10 or 35 of the world ’s most beneficial plants , that ’s used by 170 million people worldwide with no fatal toxicity .
Arrests and consequences happen several times a day in Canada like the scenario described .
Bill C - 15 makes the following key change in the CDSA , to wit ;
5 ( 3 ) ( a ) of the C.D.S.A is replaced by trafficking in any hard drugs 3 kilos or more of cannabis , LSD , cocaine , methamphetamine , MDMA ( Ecstacy ) .
Therefore , the sale of any amount of cocaine , methamphetamine , MDMA , heroin or opiate derivatives , or any Schedule 1 drug , plus any amount of dried cannabis over 3 kg , cannabis baked goods over 3 kg , or any amount of hashish , cannabis resin , or oil qualifies for the following mandatory minimum jail penalties :
– For cannabis cultivation or distribution of above Schedule 1 drugs involving a ‘ criminal organization ’ ( defined as three or more people acting together ) ; a minimum of one year in jail up to life imprisonment .
– If a weapon is used or threatened to be used or carried during the offense , it is one - year minimum to life .
– A minimum of one year in jail to life if you have a previous drug conviction in the last 10 years
– Two years minimum if the offense is on or near a school or any place frequented by persons under 18 .
– Two years minimum if the offense was committed in prison or on its grounds .
– It is two years minimum if a person under the age of 18 is used in the commission of an offense .
– Sales of cannabis / oil , hashish , tincture , cookies , cakes in any quantity is one year minimum jail to life and 18 months minimum jail to life if sold in rented premises , or in a place considered a safety hazard .
– A minimum of six months in jail for 6-200 plants if it can be shown the plants were grown for sale or distribution
– A minimum of nine months in jail for 6-200 plants if it can be shown the plants were grown for sale or distribution in a rented premises or is considered a potential safety hazard to children in the premises or anyone in the neighborhood
– One year minimum jail sentence for 201-500 plants
– 18 months minimum jail
– Two years minimum jail for more than 500 plants
– Three year minimum for 500 or more plants
Punishments for all Schedule 1 drugs are more severe than cannabis .
One of the compelling factors in attracting Canadians to grow or sell marijuana for a living is chronic or sudden unemployment in Canada , which has skyrocketed to their highest levels in 28 years .
When Harper became Prime Minister on January 23 , 2006 , the unemployment rate was 6.1 % of the work force .
In October 2008 , when Harper announced there would be no deficit and no recession , the unemployment rate was 6.2 % ( 1,119,300 out of work )
A year later , in October 2009 , the unemployment rate was 8.4 % of the work force ( 1,549,100 )
That ’s 330,000 more Canadians out of work in one year , or 28,000 job losses each month .
With fewer jobs in the private sector , and opportunity for a job prospect diminished by the recession , many more Canadians will become pot growers , particularly as the cannabis prices will rise due to the risk imposed by Bill C - 15 .
Our military continues to wage a futile 7 - year , $ 24 billion war in Afghanistan .
Canadians forget that if Stephen Harper were prime minister in 2002 or 2003 , Canadians would have died in Iraq as well ; Harper was eager to join the Holy Christian crusade against Islam in Iraq ; Chrétien said no , Harper said yes .
Harper pacified an already cowed NDP opposition by saying our participation will end there in 2011 , but Harper is now modifying that by saying our combat role will be wound down in 2011 .
With 130 Canadians dead , over 600 wounded , and possibly 3,000 suffering post - traumatic stress syndrome for no visible improvement in any measurable goals ( stable Afghan government , democracy , women ’s rights , infrastructure ) and with the Taliban more powerful than ever – occupying or controlling fully 2/3 of the countryside – the Harper government continues to mismanage our forces and the objectives of our participation .
Captured Afghans arrested by Canadian forces are handed to Afghans who routinely torture them .
Canadian soldiers observe with impunity Afghan soldiers , police , and authorities raping boys as young as eight years old .
The Harper government has steadfastly refused to co-operate with a military police complaints commission probe into Afghan detainee abuse .
Former Canadian commander - in- chief in Afghanistan , Rick Hillier , has said Canadian forces are badly served by the government and bureaucracy in Ottawa .
In his book A Soldier First just released , Hillier recalls many instances where the Harper government tried to silence or marginalize him and his critical reports on conduct of the war .
The financial costs of the war are now classified , unavailable to the media or opposition , with the explanation that such details would be used by Al - Qaeda to attack Canadian troops .
Endgame
Stephen Harper is a fundamentalist zealot out to punish those he regards as infidels , both here and abroad .
He has broken and betrayed every promise made by the Reform Party in 1993 .
Unemployment is greater under his watch , government spending is exploding , the deficit in one year is unprecedented with worse to come , the Senate has not been reformed but exploited , the courts are being stacked with reactionaries , patronage has never been more partisan or brazen , more prisons are being built at an unprecedented rate to house a huge increase in prisoners , pork - barrel politics is brazen , a war that ca n’t be won stagnates our military , all the power of government is in the Prime Minister ’s Office , and Tory backbenchers are more acquiescent than ever .
There are no ‘ free ’ votes in Parliament ; every vote is a confidence vote according to the bully Harper .
Imagine what a Conservative majority would do to this country !
It ’s all pretty grim , but that is why Canadian must know : our country as we ’ve known it , tolerant , democratic , safe and relatively free , is at great risk of being lost .
So what can you do ?
Silence and inertia is not options !
Get off your ass and assert yourself as a citizen !
Join a political party and go to their meetings .
Get involved in the candidate nomination process .
Give donations of money to the few good MP ’s out there and any new candidates with promise .
Make an appointment for 10 minutes to speak with your MP on the weekend when they are at their constituency office .
Tell them what you think and why and watch how they vote in Ottawa .
Most potheads do n’t vote , but our enemies and adversaries do .
Huge mistake for us !
Look what inaction has done for us – big trouble ahead .
Hold a sign in front of your MP ’s constituency office .
If they continue their evil ways , even four hours of demonstrating one day a week with a good effective sign could lose that MP hundreds of votes come Election Day .
Give money to Jodie Emery ’s Green Party candidacy in the upcoming federal election .
Jodie ’s campaign is all about bashing the Conservative Party record .
Inaction on your part is to invite worsening persecution of our culture .
Consider what I have given you to work with – the facts of Harper ’s terrifying record and his apocalyptic agenda for our way of life in Canada – and go out and make a difference .
I did this from an 8 ′ X 10 ′ jail cell , every word of it .
Imagine what you can do out there .
You are not yet in a jail cell , but you might well be if you do n’t act now .
Marc is a marijuana activist who was imprisoned in North Fraser Pretrial Centre in Port Coquitlam , BC awaiting extradition to the United States for selling marijuana seeds and using the profits to fund pot activist groups .
On November 18 , Marc was temporarily released on bail while he waits for the Justice Minister to sign his extradition papers .
This essay was recorded as a podcast before his release .
Listen to the Podcast here .
Click here for more Episodes of Marc Emery ’s Prison Potcast .
Subscribe on iTunes
Click here to read more about Marc Emery .
The federal government has taken a pair of shots at rules that give smaller internet service providers regulated access to the networks of big phone companies such as Bell and Telus .
In the first of two internet - related decisions quietly released on Friday , the government rejected an earlier order by the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission that would have given smaller ISPs the right to sell the same speeds as Bell and Telus .
The CRTC's " matching speeds " decision , made in December last year , would have required the large companies to offer the same speed services they themselves sell to smaller regional ISPs , such as Teksavvy or Execulink , at reasonable rates .
These smaller ISPs rent portions of the big companies ' networks to provide their own services .
They are currently limited to selling internet speeds up to around five megabits per second , while Bell and Telus offer up to 15 or 16 megabits .
Challenged by phone companies
Bell and Telus appealed the CRTC decision to the cabinet in March and said that allowing smaller ISPs regulated access to these speeds , which are offered over newer fibre infrastructure , would be a disincentive to invest in such networks .
On Friday , the government agreed and said the CRTC failed to address a number of issues during its decision - making process , including :
How the matching speeds would diminish the phone companies ' incentives to invest in new infrastructure .
Whether there is sufficient competition to protect consumers without the requirement of matching speeds .
Whether the regulatory requirements on phone and cable companies are equal .
How the matching - speeds requirement would affect phone companies ' abilities to offer services such as television over an internet connection .
The government has ordered the CRTC to review its decision and to report back by Sept. 1 , 2010 .
The government also rejected an appeal from Winnipeg - based MTS Allstream on another CRTC decision , also made in December last year .
That decision exempted certain types of the big phone companies ' internet access — Ethernet and ADSL — from being considered " essential services , " which means they are unregulated and competitors will have to negotiate to get them .
MTS , which is a large national competitor to Bell and Telus in selling internet access to businesses , also rents portions of those companies ' networks and services , including Ethernet and ADSL .
MTS argued in its appeal that by removing regulation of those services , Bell and Telus will be free to raise rates on them to the point where the company wo n't be able to compete .
Telus welcomes decisions
Telus was pleased with both rulings and said they will encourage investment and innovation in the broadband market , which will benefit all Canadians .
Spokesman Shawn
Hall said MTS 's position was just an attempt to get discounted access to its network .
There is nothing preventing MTS from building its own infrastructure or negotiating access with Telus at fair market rates .
" It 's about time that MTS stop treating us as their [ capital expenditure ] wing , " he said .
" It 's time to stop playing the subsidy card and the populist card and get down to business . "
Bell could not be reached for comment .
The decisions announced by the Office of the Privy Council came the same day the government announced it was overturning the CRTC on Globalive , the fledgling fourth national cellphone carrier .
The regulator in October stated that Globalive , which is backed by Egypt 's Orascom , did not meet Canadian ownership and control requirements and could therefore not set up shop .
Industry Minister Tony Clement on Friday overruled the CRTC and said the government has wanted more competition in wireless for several years now .
He said Globalive did indeed meet ownership requirements and gave the company his blessing to begin business .
Globalive said it would launch service in Toronto and Calgary before Christmas , and other cities in 2010 .
Consumer groups concerned
Consumer advocates said the various rulings contradict each other , and that while the government was giving with one hand , it was taking with the other .
Michael Janigan , director of the Public Interest Advocacy Centre in Ottawa , said the government was being hypocritical by insisting Canadians need to have more than three wireless choices but with wired internet , only two — a cable provider and a phone company — are necessary .
The rejection of the same - speeds decision and Allstream 's appeal will only further sink Canada 's declining international standing in broadband internet comparisons by eliminating competition from third parties , he said .
" It will have to be fixed at some point in the future as the broadband incumbents become less attuned to world developments , " Janigan said .
" Inevitably there will have to be a fix to this problem .
Duopolies do not work . "
With access to advanced broadband services denied , MTS and small ISPs are now under pressure to invest more in their own infrastructure .
Tom Copeland , head of the Canadian Association of Internet Providers — a group of more than 50 small ISPs — said this is not easy as the sort of backbone networks controlled by Bell and Telus are extraordinarily expensive to replicate .
He insisted , however , that smaller ISPs would still be able to compete with the big companies despite having a disadvantage in speeds .
" Speed is a descriptor that does n't have a huge bearing on quality of service for a lot of internet users , " he said .
" The reality is that most Canadians still do email , web surfing , banking ... they have n't embraced these higher bandwidth services or applications yet . "
MTS chief regulatory officer Chris Peirce said the company will make its case again at new hearings the CRTC plans to have in the new year regarding access to next - generation infrastructure .
He said he was unsure why Canada is moving away from open - access internet rules when the rest of the world , including the United States , is going in the opposite direction .
" We 're setting Canada back , " he said .
" They 're missing what is clearly obvious .
It 's difficult to see why they 're missing it . "
The Might and Magic franchise has been around for decades now .
Since its dawn in 1986 the franchise has seen dozens of games and multiple spin-offs , and while hardcore gamers agree that it's a powerhouse in the realm of strategy games it 's safe to say that for most gamers out there the series has lost some serious steam as years go on .
For that reason alone I 'd expect some gamers to roll their eyes at a Might and Magic DS release ; especially one that dons a new anime - influenced look .
I picked the game up for the first time at this year 's E3 with a common notion : " Well , this is some spin - off Might and Magic game ... looks nice , but not sure I care . "
The end result : my preconceptions could n't have been farther from the truth .
Ubisoft and independent developer Capybara Games ( known best for its work on the award - winning puzzler Critter Crunch ) have put a surprising exclamation mark on the end of DS 's 2009 with a game that screams " sleeper hit of the year . "
DS is a crowded market filled with some seriously top - notch games , but there 's no doubt Might and Magic deserves to sit with the best of the best .
Check+out+the+new+launch+trailer+by+clicking+above.
Clash +of + Heroes+is+Might+and+Magic+at+heart,+but+this+is+an+all-new+take+on+the+series .
First things first , though .
Might and Magic is n't a traditional game within the series , and as such it 's a game that does n't expect you to know or even care about Might and Magic 's illustrious past .
This is the first game in a new franchise , titled Clash of Heroes , and if it was n't for the marketing power behind the Might and Magic name players would have no idea it was even taken from the same concepts .
In every way , shape , and form , Clash of Heroes is an original IP .
It 's new for Ubisoft , it 's new for Capy Games , and it 's new for gamers .
In all honesty I actually wish it did n't hold the Might and Magic name , as that implies something other than what it is .
Toss out all those preconceptions though : this is a must - play strategy game on DS .
Clash of Heroes could best be described as a mix of role - playing game and card battler elements , mixed with some seriously strategic unit movement and open - ended customization .
The battle mechanic has two players facing each other , with the front lines pointing towards the gap between the DS 's two screens .
Each player alternates by taking their turn -- usually allowing for three " moves " -- and then control is passed over to their opponent .
Battles kick off with each set of armies rushing into place in a random formation , but from there it 's all up to how you want to play the game .
A horizontal connection of three like - colored units results in a wall , whereas vertical stacking -- almost like a game of Solitaire -- connects the units into a formation .
Each type of unit has different stats and limitations , including a specific charge time before their attack ( measured in turns ) and attack power .
As turns go on formations tick down in charge time while building up power , eventually attacking up towards the other army in an attempt to breakthrough and deal damage to the opposing hero .
It 's a bit much to take in at first , but after seeing the game of attack and counter - attack begin to build up an endless amount of strategies emerge .
Even within just one of the game 's races there 's a huge level of strategy and customization .
Take the humans , for example .
Do you bring only bow - wielding rangers to the fight , relying on their quick charge time despite their weak attacks ?
Do you invest in spearmen who have longer reach and can actually take out enemy units without hurting their own attack in the process ?
Or do you dive deeper , bringing in expensive elite units like knights or priests for added attack power or healing during the heat of battle ?
These are choices that 'll make each player 's experience unique to their play style , while also keeping things surprisingly balanced along the way .
Clash of Heroes includes a wireless multiplayer mode for local battles , and once you really get the feel for how matches carry out you will -- like me -- be out to convert DS - owning buddies to pick the game up just so you can test your strategies .
There 's unfortunately no online mode included , but that does n't mean you 'll be short - handed as far as overall depth to the game .
Might and Magic 's campaign mode is no joke , spanning the game 's five alignments -- Haven ( human ) , Inferno ( demon ) , Sylvan ( elf ) , Academy ( mage ) , and Necropolis ( undead ) -- and lasting well over 30 hours to complete the main quest , side quests , and puzzle battles .
In fact , I 've put in over 45 hours on the game spanning both single - player and multiplayer battles , and there 's still secret units I have n't found , bounties I have n't completed , and puzzle battles left to conquer .
The game is massive .
San Francisco
DJs at underground parties in SOMA are claiming that their equipment is being unfairly seized , and in some cases being held beyond a reasonable amount of time , by the San Francisco Police Department .
A national electronic - rights organization is investigating the claims .
Over the past six months , music fans who have been spinning records — or even just attending friends ' events — claim their laptops , soundboards , and mixers have been taken by the cops in police raids .
The busted gatherings include an illegal dance party , an artist fundraiser , and a private Halloween bash .
While it 's unclear whether the lack of official permits was enough reason to close down all these parties , the bigger question is why the police are seizing and holding private property that DJs and attendees use as valuable tools for making their art and living .
Mike Holmes , aka DJ White Mike , was a recent victim of an SFPD sweep .
On Halloween night , he DJed at the Beauty Bar and then hit a friend 's costume party at a SOMA loft .
He stored his bag , which held his laptop , in the DJ booth to prevent it from getting swiped .
Ten minutes later , around 2:30 a.m. , he says the police arrived and announced that they were taking all the laptops in the warehouse space .
" I tried to explain that I was n't even playing at the party , " he says .
Nonetheless , his computer was seized by a cop who identified himself as part of a " task force , " who told him that he should n't expect to get his laptop back " for at least three months . "
Other DJs at the party claim to have received similar warnings — as well as threats of jail time , if they were seen DJing at warehouses again — from officers who said they were part of a task force .
( The SFPD claims it does not have a specific task force looking at underground parties , but it does routine checks in the SOMA area , sometimes with other agencies such as the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control , for permit and other violations . )
Holmes had DJ gigs beginning the Wednesday after Halloween and could n't afford to lose his computer , so he bought a new laptop .
Five days later , his original computer was returned by the police .
He claims he was told by the SFPD that there had been no reason to hold it in the first place .
DJs Justin Credible and Matthew Higgins were at the same Halloween party as Holmes .
At press time , they were part of a small group still waiting to get their laptops back .
Neither DJ was arrested or charged , and yet they 're in limbo about when they 'll see their computers again .
Credible says she was n't even using her laptop to play music when police arrived — she was using CDs — but was told to take it out of her bag and hand it over .
In July , another laptop seizure apparently happened to attendees of another SOMA arts space , where a benefit for a sculptor — with only 50 people in attendance — was broken up by the cops around 10:15 p.m.
Skot Kuiper , who has organized various projects at the warehouse , says the police gave no reason for their presence — he guesses they 'd seen a flier for the event — and they grabbed CD players , computers , mixers , and sound equipment .
Benefit volunteers , who were not charged with any crimes , spent three months trying to get their laptops back .
Credible , a veteran San Francisco DJ , is especially distraught over losing her computer .
" I literally have not been able to work , " she says .
" I just want my property back . "
As with most modern professionals , her computer is vital to her ability to earn an income .
She uses it for her music , temp work , and her work tutoring children : " I feel like someone cut off my right arm . "
Higgins says his biggest concern is privacy .
His computer was n't locked at the time it was seized , and he has spent the days since Halloween remotely changing every password possible .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is taking on Credible 's and Higgins ' cases .
The San Francisco–based organization strives to protect privacy as it relates to computer and Internet technology and does a lot of work with computer searches and seizures .
Civil liberties director Jennifer Granick says she 's concerned about the recent laptop grabs because they 've apparently been done without arrests being made .
She explains that police can seize the property of someone who is being arrested , and if , say , alcohol is being sold illegally or people have weapons in their possession , cops can confiscate those items .
" You ca n't just go to a party and say , ' You ca n't have a party because it 's after hours and you do n't have a permit , ' and just take people 's property , " she adds .
She points out that taking laptops away is " a real interference with people 's livelihood , whether they are professional DJs or they work somewhere else . "
The SFPD gave only a very general explanation for the justification behind cops removing computers and other gear from party scenes .
" They 're being taken as evidence as part of the allegation of the complaint that 's taken place and / or crime that 's taken place , " says Sergeant Wilfred Williams , who adds that arrests do n't have to be made for property to be seized .
He explains that sometimes people are simply cited , and then equipment believed to have been used to promote a party is booked into evidence .
Yet there are also DJs who admitted to wrongdoing and still do n't have their gear back from the cops .
DJ Pee Play , part of the Honey Soundsystem collective , says his crew lost essential parts of their setup — a mixer and CDJs — after they threw a small illegal party in a garage six months ago .
He says he has paid a fine for the infraction and is still waiting to get his equipment back .
" We 've been to court cases , community court — it 's like every three weeks having to go to a government office , " he says .
Individual victims have their theories — mostly concerning overzealous officers with anti-speakeasy agendas — about why DJs and others are losing their property at underground parties .
Granick says she worries that the SFPD 's actions could end up chilling an entire creative class in San Francisco — which is already happening with some of the DJs involved in these raids .
Credible says she had to think twice when a friend asked her to DJ at an art gallery last week .
" I feel ' once bitten , twice shy , ' kinda thing , " she says , " where I do n't want to DJ anymore .
I 've been DJing for 12 years and I feel like a criminal , and it sucks . "
It is often said that entrepreneurial companies tend to reflect the personality of their founder , and nowhere was this more true than at Microsoft .
Bill Gates was by turns very brilliant , very arrogant , a master marketer , a win- at - any - cost competitor – and so was his company .
A lot of people have been in awe of Gates but equally there are people Gates lionises and one of these is the legendary American mathematician and computer scientist Donald Knuth .
Gates once said of Knuth ’s most famous book The Art of Computer Programming ‘ If you think you ’re a really good programmer . . . read ( Knuth ’s ) Art of Computer Programming . . .
You should definitely send me a resume if you can read the whole thing ’
But of all the plaudits rained on him perhaps the most outstanding happened in the late 1990s when The Art of Computer Programming was named among the best twelve physical - science monographs of the century by American Scientist magazine , along with Dirac on quantum mechanics and Einstein on relativity .
Knuth has always viewed the stages of writing The Art of Computing Programming , which was originally conceived as a single book , in 1962 , as the most important project of his life .
He famously eschews email telling Google co-founder Sergey Brin , a former student of his that :
‘ E-mail is a wonderful thing for people whose role in life is to be on top of things .
But not for me ; my role is to be on the bottom of things .
What I do takes long hours of studying and uninterruptible concentration . ’
He says that his full - time writing schedule means that he is ‘ pretty much a hermit … concentrating intensively and uninterruptedly on one subject at a time , rather than swapping a number of topics in and out of my head .
I ’m unable to schedule appointments with visitors , travel to conferences or accept speaking engagements , or undertake any new responsibilities of any kind . ’
In the forty - seven years since beginning the book that has almost defined computer programming as much as it has defined him , Knuth has received awards including the Kyoto Prize ( 1996 ) , the Turing Award ( 1974 ) , and the National Medal of Science ( 1979 ) .
The irony is that computer science nearly lost Knuth to its ranks because of his love of music ( his house is built around a two - storey pipe organ that he designed himself ) and says he intends to return to it once he has completed the expected seven volumes of ‘ The Art of Computer Science ’ .
“ People these days rarely
measure a computer
scientist by standards
of beauty and interest ;
they measure us by dollars ”
Born in Milwaukee Wisconsin he chose physics over music as his major subject at the Case Institute of Technology .
At Case , he managed the basketball team and applied his talents by constructing a formula for the value of each player .
He then went on in 1963 to earn a Ph.D. in mathematics from the California Institute of Technology .
A pioneer in computer science , he took time out during the 1970s from writing ‘ The Art ’ in order to develop TeX , a document - preparation system which has become a standard for submitting typeset - ready scientific and mathematical research papers for publication .
A prolific writer he has also written a science - fiction novel , Surreal Numbers : How Two Ex-Students Turned On to Pure Mathematics and Found Total Happiness ( 1974 ) , based on a number system invented by the mathematician John Conway .
Background
Greenhouse gas warming simulations generally predict an increased intensity of Asian summer monsoonal circulations and , therefore , more monsoonal rainfall ( Meehl and Washington , 1993 ; Hirakuchi and Giorgi , 1995 ; Li et al. , 1995 ; Zwiers and Kharin , 1998 ; Chakraborty and Lal , 1994 ; Suppiah , 1995 ; Zhao and Kellog , 1988 ; Hulme et al. , 1998 ; Wang , 1994 ) .
What was done
In a study germane to this subject , Fleitmann et al. developed high - resolution stable isotope records from three contemporaneously - deposited stalagmites located in a shallow cave in Southern Oman that provide an annually - resolved record of Indian Ocean monsoon rainfall over the past 780 years .
What was learned
Over the last eight decades of the 20th century , when global temperatures rose at a rate described by climate alarmists as " unprecedented , " Indian Ocean monsoon rainfall declined dramatically , in stark contrast to what has historically been predicted by most climate models .
In addition , the other single most substantial decline in monsoon rainfall coincided with a major temperature spike identified by Loehle ( 2004 ) in the temperature records of Keigwin ( 1996 ) and Holmgren et al. ( 1999 , 2001 ) that began sometime in the early 1400s .
This abrupt warming , which has also been identified by McIntyre and McKitrick ( 2003 ) , pushed temperatures above the peak warmth of the 20th century before they fell back to pre-spike levels in the mid-1500s , a trend that produced just the opposite trend in the monsoon rainfall record of Fleitmann et al. , i.e. , an initial dramatic decline in monsoon rainfall followed by a subsequent dramatic increase .
What it means
These real - world observations provide a strong double - barreled confirmation that global temperature variations elicit just the opposite variations in Indian Ocean monsoon rainfall than what is predicted by global climate models .
References
Chakraborty , B. and Lal , M. 1994 .
Monsoon climate and its change in a doubled CO 2 atmosphere simulated by CSIRO9 model .
TAO 5 : 515-536 .
Hirakuchi , H. and Giorgi , F. 1995 .
Multiyear present - day and 2xCO 2 simulations of monsoon climate over eastern Asia and Japan with a regional climate model nested in a general circulation model .
Journal of Geophysical Research 100 : 21,105-21,125 .
Holmgren , K. , Karlen , W. , Lauritzen , S.E. , Lee - Thorp , J.A. , Partridge , T.C. , Piketh , S. , Repinski , P. , Stevenson , C. , Svanered , O. and Tyson , P.D. 1999 .
A 3000 - year high - resolution stalagmite - based record of paleoclimate for northeastern South Africa .
The Holocene 9 : 295-309 .
Holmgren , K. , Tyson , P.D. , Moberg , A. and Svanered , O. 2001 .
A preliminary 3000 - year regional temperature reconstruction for South Africa .
South African Journal of Science 99 : 49 -51 .
Hulme , M. , Osborn , T.J. and Johns , T.C. 1998 .
Precipitation sensitivity to global warming : Comparison of observations with HADCM2 simulations .
Geophysical Research Letters 25 : 3379-3382 .
Keigwin , L.D. 1996 .
The Little Ice Age and Medieval Warm Period in the Sargasso Sea .
Science 274 : 1504-1508 .
Li , X. , Yang , S. , Zhao , Z. and Ding , Y. 1995 .
The future climate change simulation in east Asia from CGCM experiments .
Quarterly Journal of Applied Meteorology 6 : 1 - 8 .
Loehle , C. 2004 .
Climate change : detection and attribution of trends from long - term geologic data .
Ecological Modelling 171 : 433-450 .
McIntyre , S. and McKitrick , R. 2003 .
Corrections to the Mann et al. ( 1998 ) proxy data base and Northern Hemispheric average temperature series .
Energy and Environment 14 : 751-771 .
Meehl , G.A. and Washington , W.M. 1993 .
South Asian summer monsoon variability in a model with doubled atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration .
Science 260 : 1101 - 1104 .
Suppiah , R. 1995 .
The Australian summer monsoon : CSIRO9 GCM simulations for 1xCO 2 and 2xCO 2 conditions .
Global and Planetary Change 11 : 95-109 .
Wang , H. 1994 .
The monsoon precipitation variation in the climate change .
Acta Meteorologie Sinica 9 : 48 -56 .
Zhao , Z. and Kellogg , W.W. 1988 .
Sensitivity of soil moisture to doubling of carbon dioxide in climate model experiments , Pt. 2 , Asian monsoon region .
Journal of Climate 1 : 367-378 .
There has been a lot of talk recently about the new James Cameron movie “ Avatar ” .
Some people think it is a revolutionary work of art , others think it is complete crap .
Instead of possibly wasting your time and money actually going to see this questionable film we have provided an image that summarizes the movie beautifully in 5 frames .
This way you can judge for yourself if Avatar is worth going to the theater to see .
Here is “ Avatar ” in 5 frames .
- video encodings still in process -
Congress members Michele Bachmann [ R - MN ] and Steve King [ R - IA ] join FOX News host Sean Hannity to discuss today 's massive March On Washington to protest the unpopular ObamaCare health care reform proposal .**********************************************
Possibly you ’ve never heard of it .
But if you know anyone who knits or crochets , ask him or ( more likely ) her about Ravelry and chances are you ’re talking to an active member .
It ’s big .
This is an interview with Casey Forbes , who constitutes the whole engineering staff .
I got to know about Ravelry because my wife is an active member ; you may know her as Lauren Wood , Ph.D , girl geek and project manager extraordinaire , but she ’s also on the air at Rune Designs , check it out .
I learned early on that Ravelry was a Rails thingie ; it took quite a while to back Casey into a corner long enough for a conversation , but I think it was worth the wait .
Tim :
Since most of the readers here probably have n’t heard of you or your work , let ’s motivate this story .
You built an online community called Ravelry , and you use Rails .
We ’ll get to what it is and so on later , but start by impressing us with some numbers .
Casey :
We ’ve got 430,000 registered users , in a month we ’ll see 200,000 of those , about 135,000 in a week and about 70,000 in a day .
We peak at 3.6 million pageviews per day .
That ’s registered users only ( does n’t include the very few pages that are Google accessible ) and does not include the usual API calls , RSS feeds , AJAX .
Actual requests that hit Rails per day is 10 million .
900 new users sign up per day .
The forums are very active with about 50,000 new posts being written each day .
Some various numbers — 2.3 million knitting / crochet projects , 19 million forum posts , 13 million private messages , 8 million photos ( the majority are hosted by Flickr ) .
Tim :
Who are you ?
Casey : My background ?
Just a regular coder .
I ’m from NH and went to the University of New Hampshire for Computer Science and graduated in 2000 when everything was a little wacky and unsuprisingly , went to work doing web stuff .
I started out w/ Microsoft stuff , moved to Java , and after 7 years ( and 4 jobs ) in Java with a little sysadmin and network stuff mixed in , I decided that I did n’t really want to write Java anymore .
I was n’t having fun .
Ruby seemed like it might bring the fun back , and it has n’t disappointed .
Tim :
What is Ravelry ?
Casey : Beyond the “ Ravelry is a knit and crochet community ” , we usually say that Ravelry is three things :
An organizational tool for knitters and crocheters .
A project album , yarn stash album / inventory , needle inventory — everything a knitter / crocheter might want for personal organization .
A yarn and pattern database and research tool .
Our community - edited yarn and pattern database is something that has never existed before .
If someone else has used a pattern or yarn , no matter how obscure , you can probably find information and project photos on Ravelry .
The personal organizational tool is actually entirely public and we were able to create this database by encouraging people who share their projects and information ( by using the organizational tools ) to contribute to the yarn and pattern directory .
A social site .
Forums , groups , friend - related features ( like viewing an activity stream of friend ’s handspun yarn , projects , etc being added ) all give people ways to interact with other knitters and crocheters .
... there is a also a 4th item , which is “ a tool for independent designers and yarnies ” ( we use “ yarnies ” as a nickname for yarn dyers / spinners )
From the very beginning , giving small indie designers / yarnies a way to show off their work and get the word out has been a very important part of Ravelry .
We feel that we ’ve helped many people find an audience and we ’re proud of that .
Tim : [ After pausing to appreciate the Douglas - Adams - esque four - part trilogy there ]
What ’s the history ?
How did you get here ?
Casey : I think that this 30 minute podcast might have been the most fun and coherent interview we ’ve ever done and it explains the history , etc. pretty well .
In short :
In short :
My wife Jessica and I started designing the site in January 2007 after caving to months of needling from a friend who thought there was promise in our idea .
Here 's a 2005 entry from Jessica 's blog describing an imaginary site that is much like Ravelry .
I started coding on nights and weekends ...
As soon as we could , we got alpha testers in to try it out ...
...4 months later , we had a site that we were ready to announce .
Once the secret was out , all hell broke loose .
There was way more interest than expected and it was 5 months before we even had the hardware to support a fraction of the people who were signing up ( we were just on a little VPS ) .
Interest has n’t slowed since .
I could talk for ages about how awesome and valuable the beta process was .
We learned so much during the first year when invitations were going out slowly and we were talking to the users of the site about what they wanted every single day .
I would do it all over again in a heartbeat — start with something that works , get people in it , and build it together .
Tim :
Does it make you a living ?
Casey : Yep .
Ravelry employs Jess and I , one full time employee ( Mary - Heather ) who has been with us for over a year , and one part time employee ( Sarah ) who we hope to hire full time soon .
We started out with just our meager savings and I do n’t know how we would have ever made it to the self - sustaining company that we are today without all of the generous support from our users .
Now we have about 2,000 advertisers and a novel ( for the industry , at least ) approach to advertising that we are proud of — very low rates , self - service , affordable for small indie businesses , and advertising pays for much of Ravelry .
We also have a good - sized merchandise store and we have our own wholesale accounts , printers , and fulfillment company so that we are n’t giving all of the profits to CafePress or whoever .
Ryan Ryan Norbauer from RubyRags was a huge help when it came to integrating with a fulfillment center .
We use a small Massachusetts company .
Recently we started providing a pattern sales ( digital download service ) that is especially suited for knitting / crochet designers , and that has been going well .
Tim : Could you give us a walk - through of the setup ?
Software , hardware , versions , hosting , and so on ?
Casey : Sure .
We own our servers and host in a datacenter where we rent space .
This was the most cost effective for us .
The servers are from Silicon Mechanics , the bandwidth is from our datacenter ( Hosted Solutions ) and Cogent ( dirt cheap ! ) .
We are using Amazon S3 for storage and taking advantage of Cloudfront .
We ’re currently storing about 5 terabytes with Amazon .
Until we got a great deal with Cogent , Amazon made huge sense because the bandwidth was cheap compared to what we were paying .
We have 7 servers running Gentoo Linux and virtualized into a total of 13 virtual servers with Xen .
2 are small , low - powered things .
One does backups and the other is a “ utility server ” which is assorted non-critical processes and a place for me to stage stuff .
2 ( more or less ) are the master database and the slave database +
Sphinx search engine .
These have 32 GB of memory each .
At the time , 64 GB was too expensive .
I ’m running a Percona build of MySQL 5.0 .
I love the Percona builds .
The other 3 ( more or less ) are application servers .
They run Passenger and Ruby Enterprise edition , Ruby 1.8.6 , memcached .
That ’s 6 quad core processors and 40 GB of memory total , with room to spare .
Passenger gave me a lot more memory to work with and the Ruby GC patches are great too .
... as always , nearly all of the scaling / tuning / performance related work is database related .
Our front end server is Nginx and Haproxy .
So traffic goes a little like this :
nginx ⇒ haproxy ⇒ ( load balanced ) ⇒ apache + mod_passenger
I love nginx .
It is much faster and less memory hungry than Apache .
I love haproxy .
It ’s a great load balancer .
It also gives me a lot of flexiblity and really helps me +Capistrano do rolling deploys of new versions of the site without affecting performance / traffic .
We have 6 Apache + passengers running , each capped at a pool size of 20 .
Munin charts tell me that number of concurrent sessions actually handled by those 120 available servers ranges between 15 and 90 .
( We have a global audience but 4 AM eastern is pretty quiet . )
I ’ve been using Tokyo Cabinet / Tyrant instead of memcached in some places for caching larger objects .
We do a lot of rendering Markdown into HTML — pretty much everywhere on the site — it ’s a waste of energy to render but it ’s also a huge amount of data to store in memcached .
Sysadmin tools that are important to us : syslog - ng for log aggregation , nagios for alerts , munin for resource / etc monitoring .
NewRelic has been nice for tuning and having a little more visibility .
HopToad has been great for exception notifications .
I ’m very happy with most of our infrastructure with one exception .
We have lots of 10 - 20 million row tables and MySQL schema changes are so painful if you have large tables and you do n’t want any downtime .
Tim :
You ’re running of the world ’s more successful deployments of Ruby and Rails technologies .
What do you see from where you sit ?
Casey : Ruby is fun !
If you listen to Paul Graham and whoever else , then you ’ll be working on your startup while you have a day job .
Fun is important .
Ruby is fast to develop and prototype in .
We released a new version of the code every day ( Probably twice a day or more ) during the first several months of heavy beta testing when a few thousands user were actively helping us create the site .
What we ’ve done only takes 1 not - even - fulltime ( I have lots of other duties ) programmer / sysadmin and it ’s very cool that the software available today makes this possible .
It ’s important — we ca n’t be spending money on “ professional services ” and we only have 3.5 employees .
[ Tim ’s parting thoughts . ]
I think there are some major lessons in this story , maybe not new but real important , screaming to be heard .
But I ’ll leave the exegesis to you , dear reader .
Founded in 1993 , LPG&M is a business law firm focusing on commercial and securities litigation , insurance coverage disputes , employment matters , regulatory proceedings and corporate transactions .
LPG&M has the experience , size and flexibility to fashion pragmatic legal strategies to match our clients ’ business objectives .
The stick shift may be going the way of the dodo .
In a paddle - shifting utopia , its last refuge will be the bathroom sink .
Advertisement
Schick made these novelty razors back in the early 70’s .
According to Corey Greenberg of Shaveblog , they came in all sorts of shapes .
Advertisement
If you ’re in for a quick heel - and - toe while attacking yesterday ’s stubble , you can pick one up on eBay for peanuts — or for vast bucks .
There is an interesting interview in Barron 's with two hedge fund managers called Shorting the Economic Recovery .
The fund managers who correctly predicted the housing collapse and the rise in gold , now predict the economy 's next leg down .
The second theme in the article is on capitalism , fractional reserve lending and what the government should have done .
Here are some interesting interview snips pertaining to capitalism and fractional reserve lending .
The rest of the article is by subscription only .
PERHAPS ONE OF THE greatest failings in the run-up to the financial meltdown was a lack of perspective -- an inability by many market participants to see the big picture .
Not so with Kevin Duffy and Bill Laggner , principals of the Dallas - based hedge fund Bearing Asset Management .
With the help of their proprietary credit - bubble index , developed in 2004 , the managers sounded early warnings on housing and credit excesses , and capitalized handsomely on their forecasts by shorting Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , money - center banks and brokers , builders , mortgage insurers and the like .
Students of the Austrian school of economics , which espouses a free - market philosophy that ascribes business - cycle booms and busts to government meddling with interest rates , the pair is solidly in the contrarian camp , believing that the worst for the markets may be yet to come .
Barron's :
You 've said that perhaps the most redeeming feature of capitalism is failure .
Please explain .
Duffy :
Any healthy system needs a way to correct error and remove waste .
Nature has extinction , the economy has loss , bankruptcy , liquidation .
Interfering in this process lengthens feedback loops .
Error and waste are allowed to accumulate , and you ultimately get a massive collapse .
Capitalism is primarily attacked by two groups : utopians who wish to impose a more " compassionate " system , and political capitalists who want to enjoy the fruits of success without bearing the pain of failure .
They use the coercion of the state to gain privileges , at the expense of everyone else .
As a country we 've become less tolerant of economic failure .
The result has been a series of interventions , such as meddling in the credit markets , promoting homeownership and creating a variety of safety nets for investors .
Each crisis leads to an even greater crisis .
The solution is always greater doses of intervention .
So the system becomes increasingly unstable .
The interventionists never see the bust coming , then blame it on " capitalism . "
Barron's :
What would you have done differently as the credit bubble was bursting and the Fed and the Treasury were declaring that the world would come to an end without an $ 800 billion bailout package ?
Duffy :
Allow those who essentially bet wrongly to fail , instead of bailing out people with friends in high places .
Barron's :
What about the argument that a financial panic would have ensued and crushed the little guy ?
Duffy :
The little guy actually has been crushed .
The little guy is always going to be the last one in the soup line .
So he will get a bone tossed to him , like cash for clunkers .
But if you are Goldman Sachs or if you have got essentially the red bat - phone to Washington , D.C. , you are first in line .
Laggner :
There is still a multi-trillion dollar shadow banking system that FASB [ the Financial Accounting Standards Board ] wants to address next year .
The central planners have already spent $ 3.15 trillion on various bailouts , credit backstops , guarantees , etc. , and given approximately $ 17.5 trillion of government commitments , etc. , while allowing many of these institutions to remain in place , with the same people running them .
Barron's :
What else could have been done ?
Laggner :
We could have isolated the money centers and put them in temporary receivership .
Then , we could have created -- with a mere $ 100 billion -- a thousand community banks .
If you believe in fractional reserve lending [ in which banks lend multiples of their deposits ] , something we do n't support , they could have created a trillion dollars in new credit that would have flowed to small and medium - sized businesses .
Those are the parts of the economy that are choking .
Barron's :
What kind of financial reform would you like to see ?
Laggner :
We do n't believe in a central bank .
The idea that banks can speculate with essentially free money from the [ Federal Reserve ] , which ultimately is the taxpayer , and that when they lose money the Fed bails them out and then passes that invoice to the taxpayer -- that whole model is broken and needs to go away .
Duffy :
To get to the heart of the problem , we need to address fractional - reserve banking , which is causing the instability .
We have essentially socialized deposit insurance and prevented the bank run , which used to impose discipline on this unstable system .
At least it had some check on those who were acting most recklessly .
Until we address the root of the problem , we are going to have a series of crises , greater responses and intervention , and more bubbles -- and the system will keep perpetuating itself .
Misguided Blaming Of Capitalism
The interventionists never see the bust coming , then blame it on " capitalism . "
Fractional Reserve Lending Disaster
Excess Reserve Recap
1 ) Lending comes first and what little reserves there are ( if any ) come later .
2 ) There really are no excess reserves .
3 ) Not only are there no excess reserves , there are essentially no reserves to speak of at all .
Indeed , bank reserves are completely " fictional " .
4 ) Banks are capital constrained not reserve constrained .
5 ) Banks are n't lending because there are few credit worthy borrowers worth the risk .
GAINESVILLE , Fla. , Dec. 22 ( UPI ) -- Florida transportation officials said pranksters hacked two programmable traffic signs in Gainesville with hoax messages about a zombie attack .
Gina Busscher , spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Transportation , told The Gainesville Sun at least two of the department 's signs in the city were hacked Monday and reprogrammed with the warning : " ZOMBIE ATTACK !! EVACUATE . "
Advertisement
Busscher said officials believe the signs were hacked via telephone or by directly accessing the controls for the signs .
She said the correct traffic messages were restored shortly after the hoax was reported by the husband of a department employee at 7 a.m. Monday .
The spokeswoman said the controls for the signs have been padlocked to deter future pranksters .
" We 've not seen any zombies on University Avenue , " Busscher said , " so apparently it worked well ...
We 've not had a problem like this before . "
Is YouTube Ready for Primetime ?
Google Wants to Stream TV , for a Fee .
YouTube , which is already trying out the movie rental business , wants to get into TV too .
Google ’s video site has been trying to convince the TV industry to let it stream individual shows for a fee , multiple sources tell me .
YouTube already lets users watch a smattering of TV shows for free , with advertising .
Now it envisions something similar to what Apple and Amazon already offer : First - run shows , without commercials , for $ 1.99 an episode , available the day after they air on broadcast or cable .
Sources say the site ’s negotiations with the networks and studios that own the shows are preliminary .
But both sides seem optimistic , since models for such deals already exist .
No comment from YouTube .
The biggest stumbling block may be consumers .
That ’s because Google ( GOOG ) is talking about streaming the shows instead of letting consumers download them to their computers , as both Apple ( AAPL ) and Amazon ( AMZN ) do .
But the networks and studios , which control pricing , will want to sell the streamed shows at the same price as downloads ; they fear that offering them at a different price will force them to go back and rework their existing deals .
Executives at YouTube and TV insist that the disparity is simply a perception problem and cite studies showing that most people who download TV episodes only watch them once , anyway .
But that ’s a tough sell .
It ’s also possible that YouTube may skirt the issue by launching a TV rental business without the big hits that Apple and Amazon offer .
One possibility :
The video site could start by moving immediately to long - and mid-“ tail ” shows and videos that are n’t available other places and do n’t have to match existing prices .
No matter how it proceeds , YouTube is likely to be just one of several outlets trying to get consumers to pay for TV on the Web in 2010 .
Among others :
In addition to its a la carte offering , Apple is trying to create a monthly subscription service .
Hulu , the free TV site co-owned by News Corp . ’s ( NWS ) Fox , GE ’s ( GE ) NBC Universal and Disney ’s ( DIS ) ABC , is expected to launch a subscription service of its own .
And cable operators like Comcast ( CMCSA ) will be launching different versions of “ TV Everywhere ” services , which give subscribers expanded access to online shows .
TV executives are generally enthusiastic about all of the above , since they are meant to create additional revenue streams without threatening the industry ’s existing business .
That is , they ’re supposed to protect existing business from the digital disruption that has ravaged music , newspapers , etc .
But while Web users have an insatiable appetite for video , they ’ve yet demonstrate much interest in paying for it .
If any of this is going to work , that will have to change .
Ordinary paper could one day be used as a lightweight battery to power the devices that are now enabling the printed word to be eclipsed by e-mail , e-books and online news .
Scientists at Stanford University in California report they have successfully turned paper coated with ink made of silver and carbon nanomaterials into a " paper battery " that holds promise for new types of lightweight , high - performance energy storage .
The same feature that helps ink adhere to paper allows it to hold onto the single - walled carbon nanotubes and silver nanowire films .
Earlier research found that silicon nanowires could be used to make batteries 10 times as powerful as lithium - ion batteries now used to power devices such as laptop computers .
" Taking advantage of the mature paper technology , low cost , light and high - performance energy - storage are realised by using conductive paper as current collectors and electrodes , " the scientists said in research published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
This type of battery could be useful in powering electric or hybrid vehicles , would make electronics lighter weight and longer lasting , and might even lead someday to paper electronics , the scientists said .
Battery weight and life have been an obstacle to commercial viability of electric - powered cars and trucks .
" Society really needs a low - cost , high - performance energy storage device , such as batteries and simple supercapacitors , " Stanford assistant professor of materials science and engineering and paper co-author Yi Cui said .
Professor Cui said in an email that in addition to being useful for portable electronics and wearable electronics : " Our paper supercapacitors can be used for all kinds of applications that require instant high power . "
" Since our paper batteries and supercapacitors can be very low cost , they are also good for grid - connected energy storage , " he said .
Peidong Yang , professor of chemistry at the University of California - Berkeley , said the technology could be commercialised within a short time .
- Reuters
In the meantime , my choice on their behalf means they will never eat their great - grandmother ’s singular dish .
They will never receive that unique and most direct expression of her love , will perhaps never think of her as the greatest chef who ever lived .
Her primal story , our family ’s primal story , will have to change .
Or will it ?
It was n’t until I became a parent that I understood my grandmother ’s cooking .
The greatest chef who ever lived was n’t preparing food , but humans .
I ’m thinking of those Saturday afternoons at her kitchen table , just the two of us — black bread in the glowing toaster , a humming refrigerator that could n’t be seen through its veil of family photographs .
Over pumpernickel ends and Coke , she would tell me about her escape from Europe , the foods she had to eat and those she would n’t .
It was the story of her life — “ Listen to me , ” she would plead — and I knew a vital lesson was being transmitted , even if I did n’t know , as a child , what that lesson was .
I know , now , what it was .
LISTEN TO ME
“ We were n’t rich , but we always had enough .
Thursday we baked bread , and challah and rolls , and they lasted the whole week .
Friday we had pancakes .
Shabbat we always had a chicken , and soup with noodles .
You would go to the butcher and ask for a little more fat .
The fattiest piece was the best piece .
It was n’t like now .
We did n’t have refrigerators , but we had milk and cheese .
We did n’t have every kind of vegetable , but we had enough .
The things that you have here and take for granted .
. . .
But we were happy .
We did n’t know any better .
And we took what we had for granted , too .
“ Then it all changed .
During the war it was hell on earth , and I had nothing .
I left my family , you know .
I was always running , day and night , because the Germans were always right behind me .
If you stopped , you died .
There was never enough food .
I became sicker and sicker from not eating , and I ’m not just talking about being skin and bones .
I had sores all over my body .
It became difficult to move .
I was n’t too good to eat from a garbage can .
I ate the parts others would n’t eat .
If you helped yourself , you could survive .
I took whatever I could find .
I ate things I would n’t tell you about .
“ Even at the worst times , there were good people , too .
Someone taught me to tie the ends of my pants so I could fill the legs with any potatoes I was able to steal .
I walked miles and miles like that , because you never knew when you would be lucky again .
Someone gave me a little rice , once , and I traveled two days to a market and traded it for some soap , and then traveled to another market and traded the soap for some beans .
You had to have luck and intuition .
“ The worst it got was near the end .
A lot of people died right at the end , and I did n’t know if I could make it another day .
A farmer , a Russian , God bless him , he saw my condition , and he went into his house and came out with a piece of meat for me . ”
“ He saved your life . ”
“ I did n’t eat it . ”
“ You did n’t eat it ? ”
“ It was pork .
I would n’t eat pork . ”
“ Why ? ”
MOSCOW  A prominent opposition journalist in Kyrgyzstan , whose autocratic president has been courted by the United States as an ally for the war in Afghanistan , died on Tuesday after being thrown last week from a sixth - story window , his arms and legs bound with duct tape .
The journalist , Gennadi Pavlyuk , was on a business trip in Almaty , the commercial capital of neighboring Kazakhstan , when he was attacked on Dec. 16 , the authorities said .
He was in a coma before dying of severe trauma on Tuesday .
His colleagues said he was 40 years old , with a wife and son .
Opposition politicians in Kyrgyzstan blamed the Kyrgyz president , Kurmanbek Bakiyev , for the killing , saying that he was escalating his efforts to eliminate dissent in the country .
Mr. Bakiyev ’s spokesman said the government had nothing to do with the attack on Mr. Pavlyuk .
Since taking power in 2005 , Mr. Bakiyev has steadily tightened his grip on Kyrgyzstan , a poor former Soviet republic in the mountains of Central Asia , and in recent years , numerous opposition leaders and journalists have been attacked .
Some have died , and rarely if ever has anyone been held accountable .
Popular Ensemble Methods : An Empirical Study
David Opitz
Department of Computer Science
University of Montana
Missoula , MT 59812 USA
opitz@cs.umt.edu
Richard Maclin
maclin@d.umn.edu
Computer Science Department
University of Minnesota
Duluth , MN 55812 USA
rmaclin@d.umn.edu
Abstract :
An ensemble consists of a set of individually trained classifiers ( such as neural networks or decision trees ) whose predictions are combined when classifying novel instances .
Previous research has shown that an ensemble is often more accurate than any of the single classifiers in the ensemble .
Bagging [ Breiman1996a ] and Boosting [ Freund Schapire1996 , Schapire1990 ] are two relatively new but popular methods for producing ensembles .
In this paper we evaluate these methods on 23 data sets using both neural networks and decision trees as our classification algorithm .
Our results clearly indicate a number of conclusions .
First , while Bagging is almost always more accurate than a single classifier , it is sometimes much less accurate than Boosting .
On the other hand , Boosting can create ensembles that are less accurate than a single classifier - especially when using neural networks .
Analysis indicates that the performance of the Boosting methods is dependent on the characteristics of the data set being examined .
In fact , further results show that Boosting ensembles may overfit noisy data sets , thus decreasing its performance .
Finally , consistent with previous studies , our work suggests that most of the gain in an ensemble 's performance comes in the first few classifiers combined ; however , relatively large gains can be seen up to 25 classifiers when Boosting decision trees .
David Opitz
1999-08 - 24
A freshman Democratic senator in a competitive race says he ’s willing to sacrifice his job to pass healthcare reform .
“ As a new senator who ’s on the ballot next year in a tough state , ” began CNN ’s John King on the network ’s Sunday “ State of the Union ” program , “ and if every piece of evidence tells you , if you support that bill , you will lose your job .
Will you lose your job ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The question was posed to Sen. Michael Bennet ( D - CO ) , who appears on the state ’s ballot in 2010 .
“ Yes , ” Bennet replied .
Bennet was appointed to the seat after it was vacated by Sen. Ken Salazar ( D - CO ) , who took a job in Obama ’s cabinet as Secretary of the Interior .
The following video is from CNN ’s “ State of the Nation , ” broadcast Nov. 22 , 2009 .
Following a 2006 complaint by several Hollywood studios , a US federal court in California has ruled that isoHunt is guilty of inducing copyright infringement .
Due to the similarities between this case and earlier ones involving Napster and Grokster , the judge decided there is no need to proceed to a full trial .
Summary judgment was granted .
In September 2006 , just months after the infamous Pirate Bay raid , the US movie studios turned their attention to isoHunt and other associated websites .
Columbia , Disney , Tristar , Twentieth Century Fox , Universal and Warner Bros issued a complaint , stating that is oHunt owner Gary Fung operated file - sharing services and profited from copyright infringement .
On December 21st 2009 , a US federal court in California ruled that isoHunt is indeed guilty of violating US copyright law by way of inducement , with the operators having engaged in “ purposeful , culpable expression and conduct , aimed at promoting infringing uses of the websites . ”
In noting the similarities between this case and earlier ones involving both the Napster and Grokster file - sharing services , Judge Stephen Wilson ruled that a full trial was not required and granted the plaintiffs request for summary judgment .
As noted by Michael Geist , the court also concluded that inducement liability and the safe harbor provisions under the DMCA are incompatible .
In this case it means since is oHunt was found to have induced infringement , it did not qualify for safe harbor .
In common with the Mininova court defeat earlier this year , the court was critical of isoHunt ( and associated sites ) staff actions on the site and in their forums .
The court said the clearest instance of encouraging users to commit infringements was the ‘ Box Office Movies ’ section of the site .
These pages listed the top 20 highest - grossing movies in the US , for which users were invited to upload associated torrents .
“ By implementing this feature , ” said the court , “ Defendants engaged in direct solicitation of infringing activity . ”
Furthermore , when isoHunt generated torrent categories , such as ‘ Top 20 Movies ’ , the court said that the fact that these lists “ almost exclusively contained copyrighted works and that Defendants never removed these lists ” indicated that isoHunt knew about ongoing infringement yet failed to take action to stop it .
Several other instances of staff members giving users advice on how to download copyright movies ( including providing .torrent links ) , rip copyright DVDs and use software such as PeerGuardian were also cited .
Even the forum user ranking system did n’t escape criticism .
Since user ranks included titles such as “ I pir4te , therefore I am ” and “ All Day I Dream About W4rez , ” the court concluded that the Defendants “ promoted their users ’ infringing activities by consciously fostering a community that encouraged – indeed , celebrated – copyright infringement . ”
The court ’s judgment can be downloaded here , or viewed online here .
At 46 pages long it ’s a pretty heavy read , but contains essential information for anyone interested in what ca n’t be done when operating a torrent site or other similar service in the US .
At this stage it ’s unclear if is oHunt will appeal the US decision , but of course , in the meantime the site is fully operational in Canada , and will remain so for the foreseeable future .
" Now , it 's also important to understand that many of those who are in the Armed Forces , including those who have lost their loved ones in Afghanistan or in Iraq , also are very often proud of what their child has done and proud of the cause they fought in ....
You know , there are parents who feel very , very deeply angry and resentful and believe that the war was not worth it , but there are also those others who do n't want to feel that their view is ignored . "
Article published on the 2009-12-16
French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's party , the UMP , says it will push for a law banning the burqa , the full - face Islamic veil , according to its parliamentary leader Jean - François Copé .
" The issue is not how many women wear the burqa , " Copé wrote in an article in the right - wing newspaper Le Figaro .
" There are principles at stake : extremists are putting the republic to the test by promoting a practice that they know is contrary to the basic principles of our country . ”
He said the legislation will be enacted after consultation with Muslim communities " so that this measure is understood for what it is : a law of liberation and not a ban " .
Three ministers were to testify before a parliamentary panel debating the ban on Wednesday .
Home to Europe 's largest Muslim minority , France set up the panel of 32 lawmakers six months ago .
It will report next month after hearing the views of Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux , Immigration Minister Eric Besson and Education Minister Xavier Darcos .
Despite an intelligence service report that fewer than 400 women in France wear the full veil , an Interior Ministry study has put the figure at a few thousand .
This proposed ban comes as pressure mounts on Sarkozy to scrap his debate on national identity .
The government last month invited citizens from across the country to discuss what it means to be French on the internet and at town halls across the country .
On Monday when Families Minister Nadine Morano told a meeting in the provinces that she wanted young Muslims to " love France , find a job , stop wearing their caps back to front – and to stop speaking verlan ” - a popular form of slang in which words are inverted .
The remark has caused a storm of protest , while Pierre Merle , author of Argot , Verlan et Tchatches told the Direct Matin free paper that the slang is used by all young people , not just those of immigrant origin .
" Enough ! " said former Socialist leader Francois Hollande .
" This debate was badly defined , poorly chosen from the start , and now it is going to the dogs . "
Cracks also emerged within Sarkozy 's camp , with Higher Education Minister Valérie Pécresse saying there was a need to " shift the focus toward concrete proposals " to prevent the debate from further spinning out of control .
Morano on Wednesday defended her remarks , claiming those who criticised her " did not want to open their eyes to the integration problems that our young people in the suburbs are having " .
Her critics are " Champagne socialists who have never set foot in those areas " , she claimed
The debate is scheduled to end with a national conference on 4 February .
Physicist Luboš Motl of The Reference Frame demonstrates how easy it is to show that there is :
No statistically significant warming since 1995
First , since it was n’t in his original post , here is the UAH data plotted :
By : Luboš Motl
Because there has been some confusion – and maybe deliberate confusion – among some ( alarmist ) commenters about the non-existence of a statistically significant warming trend since 1995 , i.e. in the last fifteen years , let me dedicate a full article to this issue .
I will use the UAH temperatures whose final 2009 figures are de facto known by now ( with a sufficient accuracy ) because UAH publishes the daily temperatures , too :
Mathematica can calculate the confidence intervals for the slope ( warming trend ) by concise commands .
But I will calculate the standard error of the slope manually .
x = Table[i , {i , 1995 , 2009} ] y = { 0.11 , 0.02 , 0.05 , 0.51 , 0.04 , 0.04 , 0.2 , 0.31 , 0.28 , 0.19 , 0.34 , 0.26 , 0.28 , 0.05 , 0.26} ; data = Transpose[{x , y} ] (* *) n = 15 xAV = Total[ x ] / n yAV = Total[y ] / n xmav = x - xAV ; ymav = y - yAV ; lmf = LinearModelFit[data , xvar , xvar ] ; Normal[lmf ] (* *) (* http://stattrek.com/AP-Statistics-4/Estimate-Slope.aspx?Tutorial=AP
*) ; slopeError = Sqrt[ Total[ymav ^ 2 ] /( n - 2 ) ] / Sqrt[ Total[xmav^2 ] ]
The UAH 1995 - 2009 slope was calculated to be 0.95 °C per century .
And the standard deviation of this figure , calculated via the standard formula on this page , is 0.88 °C / century .
So this suggests that the positivity of the slope is just a 1 - sigma result – a noise .
Can we be more rigorous about it ?
You bet .
Mathematica actually has compact functions that can tell you the confidence intervals for the slope :
lmf = LinearModelFit[data , xvar , xvar , ConfidenceLevel -> .95 ] ; lmf [ " ParameterConfidenceIntervals " ]
The 99 % confidence interval is ( - 1.59 , +3.49 ) in °C / century .
Similarly , the 95 % confidence interval for the slope is ( - 0.87 , 2.8 ) in °C / century .
On the other hand , the 90 % confidence interval is ( - 0.54 , 2.44 ) in °C / century .
All these intervals contain both negative and positive numbers .
No conclusion about the slope can be made on either 99 % , 95 % , and not even 90 % confidence level .
Only the 72 % confidence interval for the slope touches zero .
It means that the probability that the underlying slope is negative equals 1 /2 of the rest , i.e. a substantial 14 % .
We can only say that it is “ somewhat more likely than not ” that the underlying trend in 1995 - 2009 was a warming trend rather than a cooling trend .
Saying that the warming since 1995 was “ very likely ” is already way too ambitious a goal that the data do n’t support .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Would a true Tea Party patriot drop nearly $ 1,600 in donor money for a small meal at a fancy steakhouse ?
Robin Stublen says no , and he ’s mad as hell about the profligate expenditures of a GOP political organization that has glommed on to his grassroots movement .
Stublen is the organizer of the Punta Gorda , Florida , Tea Party and a member of Tea Party Patriots , a national grassroots organization that has no offices , no president , raises virtually no money , operates largely on volunteer efforts , and , most important , does n’t endorse candidates .
But unbeknownst to many , there ’s another outfit claiming ownership of this conservative movement .
It ’s called the Tea Party Express , and it has dominated Fox News coverage over the past year with its multistate bus tours and political rallies .
Behind it is a well - established Republican political action committee that has raked in tons of money fundraising under the “ Tea Party ” banner — and it has also spent a lot of that money in a fashion unbecoming a supposedly grassroots insurrection .
For instance , according to recent filings with the Federal Election Commission , the PAC that created Tea Party Express dropped $ 1,597.29 over the summer for a meal for six at a tony Sacramento Chops restaurant , an expenditure that has Stublen seeing red .
“ Six people averaged $ 266 ; that ’s not grassroots .
I kill bugs and cut grass for a living .
I ’m splurging when I spend $ 19 at Chili’s .
Outback Steakhouse is reserved for Mother ’s Day , ” Stublen says .
For Stublen the pricey Chops tab is only the latest evidence that Tea Party Express is trying to capitalize on the movement for crass and self - serving political purposes — mainly as a fundraising machine for Republican causes .
Starting in August , Tea Party Express organized two cross-country bus tours that bashed the Obama administration ’s health reform and attacked members of Congress not deemed conservative enough .
Fox News heavily promoted the first tour , even embedding a reporter to cover the trip .
The organization is planning a third tour for the end of March that will culminate in Washington , DC , on Tax Day , its purpose to target vulnerable Democrats and moderate Republicans in the lead - up to the midterm elections .
These trips , which include rallies in cities and towns across the country and speeches by political candidates , have proven reliable fundraising vehicles .
FEC filings show that Our Country Deserves Better ( OCDB ) , the PAC that set up the Tea Party Express , raised $ 1.9 million this year , $ 600,000 more than it took in during the heated 2008 presidential election .
While Tea Party Express professes to be a driving force in the Tea Party movement , it was actually started by a California - based GOP political consulting firm , Russo Marsh & Rogers , which also set up OCDB .
OCDB originally focused on attacking Barack Obama during the 2008 election , running ads assaulting the then - candidate for failing to put his hand over his heart during the pledge of allegiance national anthem , and digging up footage of one of Rev. Jeremiah Wright ’s heated sermons .
Many of OCDB ’s principals are also connected to Move America Forward , a conservative group that ran PR campaigns and bus tours in support of the Iraq War during the Bush administration .
During this election cycle , OCDB has spent $ 123,000 on an independent expenditure campaign bashing Senate majority leader Harry Reid , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Tea Party Patriots and Tea Party Express have been clashing for months over which group truly represents the movement .
A flashpoint came this fall when a member of the Tea Party Patriots ’ board , Amy Kremer , switched sides and joined Tea Party Express , allegedly taking the Patriots ’ extensive email database with her and locking the rest of the board out of the TPP website .
In November , this led the Patriots to go to court to get an injunction against her to reclaim ownership of the group ’s electronic resources .
The fight has n’t helped the Patriots ’ view of their tea party rivals .
In fact , “ real ” Tea Party activists — i.e. , local organizers like Stublen who consider themselves the grassroots heart of the movement — see Tea Party Express as bad for business , as it lends credence to criticism that the movement is nothing more than a sophisticated astroturf scheme or GOP front .
As a result , Stublen has been trying to publicize the group ’s GOP ties and discourage Tea Party activists from donating to Tea Party Express .
He ’s outraged that of the nearly $ 2 million the group has raised this year , almost half ( $ 857,000 ) has gone to consulting firm Russo Marsh or people connected to it .
He suspects that most donors to Tea Party Express support the movement but have no idea their money is actually going to the very type of mainstream political operation the Tea Partiers oppose .
Pointing to the hundreds of thousands of dollars that OCDB has dropped on Tea Party Express advertising , Stublen notes , “ None of this is grassroots tea party stuff .
But they ’re trying to portray themselves as grassroots . ”
Indeed , FEC filings show that OCDB spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on advertising for the bus tour , including $ 225,706 for ads that ran on the Fox Business Network .
( The foundering Washington Times is no doubt looking forward to another Tea Party Express tour , as the PAC spent thousands on advertising with the paper during the previous two tours . )
There was even $ 2,000 in speaking fees for Samuel “ Joe the Plumber ” Wurzelbacher , and a generous $ 5,000 contribution to the Freedom Works Foundation in July , when the organization , chaired by one - time Republican House Majority Leader Dick Armey , was organizing many of the health care town hall protests .
And those buses were n’t cheap .
OCDB dropped nearly $ 50,000 just to adorn them with the Tea Party Express logo .
Earlier this week an incensed Stublen itemized the PAC expenditures and posted them on a Tea Party listserv to make the case that Tea Party Express is just part of the Washington political establishment .
Not long after , he says , he got an email from Joseph Wierzbicki III , one of the principals at Russo March , complaining that Stublen was showing liberal stripes with his “ anti-corporate ” rants .
Stublen says he told him he ’s not anti-corporate .
“ I ’m anti-deception , ” he says .
Stublen told Wierzbicki he thought Russo Marsh was using the Tea Party name to dupe people into giving money to a bunch of GOP consultants .
“ People think this money is going to the Tea Party movement , ” Stublen complains .
He says he asked Wierzbicki to put a disclaimer on all of Tea Party Express ’ fundraising materials and emails saying that they are not affiliated with any other tea party groups , but Wierzbicki refused .
All this has made Stublen one of Tea Party Express ’ loudest critics .
“ I do n’t like what I think they stand for , ” he says .
“ These are my opinions , but the bottom line , personally , I think they want to take over the movement , make it their own , and take over the fundraising potential to get their candidates elected . ”
And in his view , there ’s nothing grassroots about that .
Many relations either do n’t start or break up because of not expressing your feelings .
Once you find a right partner it is important to express your love and after proposing it is important to keep expressing your feelings to make the relationship fresh forever .
Whatever may be the reason , either to start the relation or to continue the relation it is important that you express your feelings to your partner or loved one .
Here are some simple ways to express your love feelings :
Express your love and feel free :
One of the major reasons that most of the people ca n’t start a relation is because the other person is not aware of each others feelings .
He / She may or may not love you the way you do , but until you wo n’t express it , you would never know what another person exactly feels about you or want in this relationship ?
It forms a complete cycle , where you first start feeling for someone , later you get more crazy about that person and soon it start getting suffocating for you .
Many people do n’t express love because they are afraid , that the other person might reject and you will lose that person forever .
Even if you are not expressing your love , does n’t it hurts ?
Thus , you need to decide that , is it worth giving it a shot or not ?
Make up your mind :
You must understand that your partner is not the a physic ; he / she wo n’t understand your feelings until you express them .
Lots of misunderstanding may occur because of lack conversation and not expressing your feelings .
If you really want the relationship to last long , then you have to share your feelings .
While sharing your feelings make sure that you do n’t force them or get rude to them .
Know the right tone to talk and right time to talk , this way even the other person can think calmly and respond to your feelings well .
Thus ,
First of all make up your mind that you need to express your feelings to your loved one and what would be the right way to do it .
Plan it :
If you want to express your feelings to your partner , plan a time when you both are free and in a good mood .
If your partner is in a good mood , he / she will understand your feelings and take it seriously .
Starts with hints , and see your partner ’s reaction and if he / she shows the same affection or not .
If yes , plan the next step and make it special .
Everyone wants to feel special and all you need to do is , be the one who completes your loved one .
Make it simple and sweet :
No need to write a seven page letter or learn a poem for your partner .
Just use a simple word which shows your feeling and must be direct from the heart .
Learning songs , poems never show your true feelings .
Do n’t take advice from your friends about what words to use and what expression to make , keep the words flow from your heart .
Hard to find words :
Many people ( especially geeks ) have excused that they do n’t have words to express their feelings and partner should not expect from them to express feelings .
That is totally wrong attitude , your partner is a person and likes to hear lovely things and want to know what you feel about him / her .
It is not necessary that you can only express your feelings through words .
Do what your partner likes , use a wallpaper on your desktop saying “ I LOVE YOU “ or just gift a simple rose to your partner .
These small things will surely make your partner happy and he / she will notice your love .
Love after fight :
People in love do fight , but it does n’t mean that you do n’t love each other .
If you love the person , no matter how much you fight , then forget the past and just feel the love inside you and tell the same to your partner .
Most important is to be calm while expressing your feelings .
Forget the past and move on .
You and your partner will never know what you both feel about each other without expressing your feelings .
And remember this will work best when you both are in the mood to talk with each other and no mobile phones are there to disturb you .
So , go ahead and express your love and free yourself from the dilemma of , should I or should I not ?
Related
Infowars
October 2 , 2009
Tax activist Elaine Brown was given a virtual death sentence of 35 years today , according to the Associated Press .
In July , Brown was convicted along with her husband of plotting to kill federal agents during a nine - month standoff at their Plainfield , New Hampshire home .
Brown ’s lawyer asked for a sentence of 35 years .
The government wanted to impose a 41 year sentence .
Ed and Elaine Brown at the 2007 Freedom Concert at their Plainfield , New Hampshire home .
In April 2006 , Edward and Elaine Brown were indicted in the United States District Court in New Hampshire for numerous federal tax violations .
The government accused the couple of not paying federal income taxes since 1996 .
They had not filed income tax returns since 1998 .
The government claimed they were responsible for taxes of more than $ 625,000 .
The Browns countered with tax protester statutory arguments and said the government had not presented any law requiring them to pay income taxes .
In April , 2007 , the Browns ordered a court clerk to close their case and vowed to resist the case .
Ed Brown published an open letter presenting his arguments against the government and pleaded with supporters to come to his home to aid in his defense against the government .
During a “ standoff ” at the Brown “ compound , ” as the corporate media described their home , United States Deputy Marshals disguised themselves as supporters and arrested the couple on October 4 , 2007 .
“ Ultimately , this open - door policy that they [ the Browns ] seemed to have which allowed the Browns to have some supporters bring them supplies , welcome followers and even host a picnic — this proved to be their undoing …
They invited us in .
We escorted them out , ” Stephen Monier told the media on October 5 .
After their arrest , Ed Brown complained that he was singled out for abuse by the government .
Brown said he was tasered , gassed , subjected to sensory deprivation , and isolated from other inmates .
The government also went after Brown supporters .
Danny Riley of Cohoes , New York was sentenced to 36 years in federal prison , after having been convicted of helping to supply the Browns , and of stockpiling weapons and threatening law enforcement officials .
Riley was convicted of conspiracy , aiding and abetting , and using guns and bombs in connection with the standoff .
Also convicted in other trials were Jason Gerhard of Brookhaven , New York .
Gerhard was sentenced to twenty years in prison .
Cirino Gonzalez of Alice , Texas was sentenced to eight years in prison .
Robert Wolffe of Randolph , Vermont was sentenced to two and a half years .
Ed Brown has yet to be sentenced on the weapons and conspiracy charges .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Palestinians already declared independence unilaterally in 1988 Israel has warned the Palestinians against trying to gain international recognition for an independent state , saying negotiations are the solution .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said such unilateral moves would unravel past agreements in the peace process .
The chief Palestinian negotiator said he would ask the UN Security Council to recognise an independent state because of a failure to restart talks .
Saeb Erekat said continued settlement expansion left them with few options .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Israel has offered to restrict the growth of settlements in the occupied West Bank , not including East Jerusalem , but the Palestinian Authority has demanded that all construction is halted before it will again attend peace talks .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory since 1967 .
They are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
The impasse has led the Palestinian Authority President , Mahmoud Abbas , to announce that he will not seek re-election .
' Terms of reference ' Speaking to the BBC , Mr Erekat said the Palestinians had decided to turn to the UN Security Council after years of failed negotiations .
Palestinians are angered at continued expansion of Jewish settlements
In the shadow of a settlement An Israeli settlement in close - up Middle East ' haunted by the past '
" We have not been negotiating for two states for 18 days or 18 months .
For God 's sake , we have been doing it for 18 years !
Now it 's a defining moment , " he said .
" This is not a unilateral Palestinian declaration of independence .
This is us seeking to go to the Security Council and telling them the terms of reference for the peace process , " he added .
" Is n't it time now to define the two states ?
This is consistent with the terms of reference for the peace process because the respective Israeli governments have failed us in this . "
Mr Erekat said Arab foreign ministers had decided a meeting in Cairo last Thursday to approach the Security Council with the proposal .
" We agreed that this will happen after further consultations with the European Union , the Americans , the Russians , the UN , and all the other members of the international community . "
" We 're not in a rush .
We 're going to prepare our homework very well and we 're going to explain our position to the international community before doing so . "
Later , Israel 's prime minister warned the Palestinians against any unilateral move in their quest for independence , saying there was no " substitute for negotiations " .
" Any unilateral action would only unravel the framework of agreements between us and can only lead to one - sided steps on the part of Israel , " Mr Netanyahu said without elaborating .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Mr Netanyahu's spokesman , Mark Regev , told the BBC that Israel had been willing to negotiate but that the Palestinians had not .
" To be fair , it 's Israel that 's been calling now for months to restart the talks .
Unfortunately , it 's the Palestinian side that has been putting preconditions on having those talks and therefore preventing the re-emergence of a strong diplomatic dialogue , " he said .
" Mr Erekat should ask himself ...
' Why have they refused stubbornly and unfortunately to return to the negotiating table ? ' "
The BBC's Katya Adler in Jerusalem says the Palestinian Authority 's move reflects its growing frustration with the deadlock in the peace process , but it is largely symbolic .
The Palestinians have already declared independence unilaterally in 1988 .
The move was recognised by dozens of countries but never implemented on the ground .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ The wound is still open and hurts every time you probe it , ” said Liu Yang , a Beijing lawyer and a driving force in the movement to regain stolen antiquities .
“ It reminds people what may come when we are too weak . ”
Stoked by populist sentiment but carefully managed by the Communist Party , the drive to reclaim lost cultural property has so far been halting .
While officials privately acknowledge there is scant legal basis for repatriation , their public statements suggest that they would use lawsuits , diplomatic pressure and shame to bring home looted objects  not unlike Italy , Greece and Egypt , which have sought , with some success , to recover antiquities in European and American museums .
“ The ideal scenario would be for the holders of these relics to donate them back to China , ” said Chen Mingjie , the director of the palace museum , whose grounds include a shabby exhibition hall and an evocative pile of stone ruins that are instantly recognizable to any Chinese elementary school student .
The Communist Party has long used the narrative of foreign subjugation as a binding force , one that has become especially useful in recent years as the credo of market economics overruns the last remnants of its Marxist ideology .
But arousing nationalist sentiment , Chinese officials have learned , is a double - edged sword .
In 2005 , officials allowed public ire against Japan , over territorial disputes and textbooks that glossed over Japanese wartime atrocities , to boil over into violent street protests .
After some of the anti-Japanese slogans began morphing into demands for action by Chinese leaders , the authorities clamped down .
The delegation traveling to United States museums appears to have been caught up in a political maelstrom .
The relics quest intensified this year after Christie ’s in Paris auctioned a pair of bronze animal heads that had been part of a fountain on the palace grounds ; the sale was met with outrage in China .
In the end , a Chinese collector sabotaged the auction by calling in the highest bids  $ 18 million for each head  then refusing to pay .
When I started this storyline , having the Mayans say that they expected their calendar to be outdated by 2012 was one of the first jokes I came up with .
When I then came up with the idea of the astronomers being the nerds of the Mayan society , I could n’t pass up the opportunity to stick in some software developer humor ( being a programmer myself ) .
, 4.8 out of 5 based on 24 ratings
• No senior officials to visit UK until matter resolved , reports say • British role in peace process damaged , ambassador told
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Israel hit back at Britain today over the arrest warrant issued for former foreign minister Tzipi Livni for alleged war crimes , warning that until the matter was resolved senior officials would not be visiting the UK .
Israelis prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , called the warrant absurd , the Ynet website reported .
The British ambassador , Tom Phillips , was summoned to the foreign ministry in Jerusalem where a senior Israeli official told him the row over Livni meant that Britain 's ability to play a role in the Middle East peace process had been damaged .
The row erupted at the weekend when Westminster magistrates court issued an unprecedented warrant for the arrest of Livni , now leader of the opposition Kadima party , who was foreign minister and a member of the war cabinet during the Gaza offensive earlier this year .
The warrant was withdrawn amidst huge embarassment when it was discovered she was not in the UK .
The fact that it was issued in error – at the request of lawyers acting for Palestinian victims of the Gaza war – did nothing to quell Israeli anger .
Israel 's foreign ministry called it a cynical move , and former defence minister Shaul Mofaz urged the recall of Israel 's ambassador to Britain " for consultations " in Jerusalem .
Ron Prosor , the ambassador , told Israel Army Radio : " The current situation has become intolerable , it is time that it changed .
I am convinced that the British government will understand that it is time to react and not content itself with declarations . "
Israeli media reported that senior government officials would not visit the UK until Britain addressed the issue .
Livni had been due to attend a conference in London but her office said she had cancelled her attendance two weeks ago .
Palestinian sources claimed to have seen her at the event and alerted the lawyers who were seeking the warrant .
" The lack of determined and immediate action to correct this distortion harms the relations between the two countries , " the foreign ministry said .
" If Israeli leaders cannot visit Britain in a dignified manner , it will naturally be a real obstacle to Britain 's desire to have an active role in the peace process in the Middle East . "
It said Israel and Britain were engaged in a " common struggle against international terrorism " , and that British soldiers were trying to root out terrorism on several fronts around the world .
Palestinian officials and an Israeli human rights organisation say about 1,400 people , mostly civilians , were killed in the Gaza offensive .
Israel says 1,166 Palestinians died and claims most were combatants .
Israel says it acted in self - defence against Hamas rockets from Gaza .
Thirteen Israelis died .
In September , pro-Palestinian lawyers attempted to invoke " universal jurisdiction " to arrest Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister during the war and afterwards .
Barak 's status as a serving cabinet minister gave him diplomatic immunity .
In 2005 , a retired Israeli general , Doron Almog , returned to Israel after landing in London because he was tipped off that police planned to arrest him .
The warrant for Almog – who allegedly oversaw the bombing of a Gaza building in which 14 people were killed – was later cancelled .
Other Israeli leaders , including former military chief Moshe Yaalon and ex-Shin Bet security chief Avi Dichter , have cancelled trips to Britain in recent years for the same reason .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 23 December 2009 to clarify the details of the dispute over the number of people killed in the Gaza offensive .
A special police unit is being set up to seize criminal assets and it will have a hit list to work on .
Police Minister Judith Collins and Police Commissioner Howard Broad announced the formation of the 22 - member Assets Recovery Unit ( ARU ) today , saying it would hunt down and seize millions of dollars in profits from organised crime .
" The ARU will be at the sharp end of our fight against organised crime and methamphetamine , " Ms Collins said at a press conference .
" Gangs in this country have evolved into sophisticated criminal businesses that make tens of millions of dollars a year . "
Mr Broad said organised crime posed a national security threat and the methamphetamine trade alone was worth $ 1 billion a year .
Intelligence gathered over the last few years had delivered the information the new unit would need , he said .
" There are certainly people associated with some of our criminal organisations that they will have in mind .
" Our people are busting to get going on this . "
Mr Broad said the unit would use new legislation passed by Parliament – the Criminal Proceeds ( Recovery )
Act – to do its work .
The Act comes into force on December 1 and under its provisions police can demand answers from people about their " unexplained wealth " without having to prove a criminal conviction against the person holding the assets .
" We know there are people who have n't worked throughout their adult life yet they control considerable assets , " Mr Broad said .
" The question is where did it come from ?
If there 's a reasonable explanation , that 's easy to answer .
But there are those who have acquired large assets through drugs and other criminal means and they should be held to account . "
The Act gives police similar powers to the Inland Revenue Department and the unit will work with it , the Customs Department , Immigration and the Serious Fraud Office .
Ms Collins said " the most dreadful thing " about the methamphetamine trade was its potential for corruption .
" The money it generates has the potential to lead to corruption throughout New Zealand , from law enforcement to politics , that 's the biggest danger to our way of life , " she said .
The Government intends using some of the seized proceeds of crime to fight crime .
" We 've made it plain , in the methamphetamine strategy , that we 're not averse to taking these ill - gotten gains and using it against the criminals themselves , " Ms Collins said .
It would go into crime - fighting agencies but there would be no direct connection with police funding .
The seized proceeds will also be used to help rehabilitate victims of the drug trade .
Column Content Left
UC San Diego Named Dementia Research Center of Excellence
The Lewy Body Dementia Association has named UC San Diego a Research Center of Excellence including the Department of Neurosciences Memory Disorders Clinic and Movement Disorders Clinic .
Read more here and here
Adjusting the repair response to spinal cord injury
Prof. Binhai Zheng , PhD , and his team identify proteins involved in the spinal cord 's response to injury .
Read more
Discovery of previously unknown fluorescent proteins in Aequorea jellyfish
Dr. Nathan Shaner , PhD , and his colleagues discovered that jellyfish in the genus Aequorea , which gave us the first green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) , contains additional fluorescent proteins with highly unusual properties that may lead to new techniques for imaging living cells .
Read more
News From Our Autism Center
Brain imaging explains language ability
in ASD .
Read more
in ASD .
Read more Researchers find blood - based measure for ASD risk in males .
Read more
How Sense of Smell is Encoded in the Brain
Discovery may lead to understanding the root
cause of epileptic seizures .
Read more
Two weeks after the release of its latest co-operative zom - apocalypse 'em up developer Valve has announced thathas been selling extremely well with worldwide retail sales already topping two million - more than double the sales of the original in the same amount of time . , ” commented VP of marketing and general Valve big- wig Doug Lombardi , who 's obviously been reading our review of Left 4 Dead 2 where Joe praised its superb level design and wide range of new game modes .
What 's perhaps even more impressive though is that this sales data does n't include any sales from Steam , Valve 's digital distribution platform .
This meanshas undoubtedly sold much more than the quoted two million , although Valve are famously tight lipped when it comes to publishing Steam sales data .
These healthy sales come despite a vocal fan boycott of the game earlier this year , following disappointment that Valve were not supporting last year 's originalto the same degree as the developer had other titles , like .
Obviously the majority of users are n't bothered though , with the game selling faster than brain flavoured cup cakes at a zombie convention .
Have you been enjoyingalong with the two million + other owners ?
Or are you boarding up the windows and waiting out the zombie apocalypse ?
Either way , let us know in the forums
25 December
26 December
27 December
28 December
29 December
30 December
31 December
1 January
2 January
3 January
4 January
5 January
Dear diary , Today was Christmas Day .
My true love bought me a tree and a bird .
Thought it was a strange present , but what the hell .
I do n't care much for birds , but one is no big deal .
I 'll plant the tree in the back yard .
It 's meant to give fruit .
Cool .
Dear diary , My true love went out and bought me two more birds .
At least they 're a little smaller this time - wo n't take up too much space in the house .
Still , three birds means a lot of bird seed .
I hope my true love thinks to buy me a bird cage .
Dear diary , Today my true love bought me three chickens imported from France .
My true love 's behaviour is really starting to confuse me .
I have no idea why he thinks I should want three chickens , and I do n't know what 's so special about French chickens as opposed to chickens from anywhere else .
The house is starting to smell and the chickens are clucking .
I hope this stops soon .
Dear diary , I am considering breaking up with my true love .
Today the lunatic sent four more birds .
My house is now filled with birds and there is bird crap everywhere .
What 's worse is that today 's birds never shut up .
I do n't think I 'll be able to sleep tonight with all the noise .
My true love seems to have a brain defect ... Dear diary , All is forgiven .
My house may be swarming with birds and fleas , but my true love has finally gotten it right .
Today he sent me five rings made of gold !
I 'mexcited !
I weighed them and everything - he spent some serious cash on today 's present !
Now if I could only get rid of the damned birds ...
Oh well .
Maybe there 's a zoo or something I can send them to .
Dear diary , Well , it seems old habits die hard .
I thought after the rings that that might be it for the birds .
But this morning , amidst all the squawking and chirping , I woke up to discover that the moron my true love sent me six geese !
As I speak they 're running around laying eggs and snapping at my ankles .
The rings were nice and all , but my true love seems to have an unhealthy obsession with birds .
Perhaps he should see a psychiatrist .
Dear diary , It 's New Year 's Eve .
The pear tree has n't borne any fruit yet , but I made myself a beautiful meal of goose egg omelet and French Hen Cacciatore .
They say you can think better on a full stomach , so after the meal I sat down to come up with a way to get rid of all the birds - and possibly to get rid of my true love at the same time - when suddenly I discovered to my horror that my yard had been flooded and was filled with swans .
My neighbours are starting to complain about all the birds and I have no idea what to say to them .
With any luck the water will freeze and all the swans will die ...
Oh well .
Tonight I 'll get drunk , celebrate New Year 's Eve , and hopefully wake up tomorrow to find it was all a bad dream .
Dear diary , It 's a new year .
A time to give up old habits and get over old grudges .
So I woke up this morning - hung over - determined to forgive my true love , provided he would stop sending me birds .
After all , birds die but true love lives forever , right ?
What 's a few geese and hens in the face of eternal love , right ?
Plus , there were those golden rings ...
But I got a shock when I opened my door to the strange sight of eight cows each being milked by a milkmaid .
I do n't think the mooing is any better than the chirping , really , but at least it 's a change from all of the birds , right ?
Plus , I 've got all the milk I need .
Milk goes well with goose eggs .
Dear diary , Things are getting problematic .
The eight milkmaids need food to eat and a place to sleep .
They 're really good at milking cows but that 's really not enough to justify their living in my house .
I had to make them sleep on the floor last night , and they all got bitten by the geese .
Plus I 'm all out of French hen by now , so I 'll have to start slaughtering the geese .
The problem has been compounded now by the fact of my psychotic true love sending along nine dancing ladies .
Yeah , I like a good dance as much as anyone , but what am I going to do with nine women who are useless for anything except dancing ?
Where am I going to find space for 17 people in my house ?
This is a lot to put up with for five lousy rings .
I wonder if the rings can serve as brass knuckles ?
That way I can break my true love 's jaw for the hell he 's putting me through .
Dear diary , I have put a price on my true love 's head .
Whoever kills him and brings me the body can have any of the five golden rings .
In addition to the milkmaids and the dancers , my true love has now sent along ten upper - class twits who insist on leaping around the house .
I have no idea who these people are and why he keeps sending them - I 'm starting to suspect they 're fugitives on the run .
I have now slaughtered most of the birds to feed this army of people in my house .
At least the avian stench is starting to dissipate at the house , but with all the dancing and leaping I can barely hear myself think .
What I would n't do for just some peace and quiet !
Dear diary , Please God , if you 're out there , put an end to this agony .
I think I 'm going insane .
I could n't sleep at all last night - the lords keep leaping into the dancing ladies and they collide and fall all over the place , breaking all of my furniture .
They 're all grumpy now from having little to eat except whatever dairy products we can get from the milking maids .
I keep telling them if they 're hungry to just go away , but they insist that as they 're presents from my true love , they 're bound to stay .
I 'm going to kill my true love with my own bare hands .
In any case , just when I 'd gotten the lords and the ladies to sit still and when I finally thought I 'd have a moment 's peace , what do I hear but eleven morons playing pipes ?
Now my house is filled with the din of eleven instruments playing at the same time .
Plus that eleven more deadbeats sponging off of me .
What am I going to do ?
Dear diary , This will be my last diary entry .
I write this from a jailhouse where I am to be hanged for murder .
I am guilty .
I had started to go hysterical from the lack of sleep .
The constant shrieking of the pipes kept me awake all night .
Mayhem broke out when I lost it and beat one of the pipers to death with his own pipe .
The agony of this even caused several of the lords to leap out of the top floor window to their deaths , which frightened the milkcows , who then trampled several of the milkmaids .
So my house was filled with dead bodies .
Luckily I came to my senses a little once the dancing ladies started shrieking and calling out for police .
I took the body of the dead piper and buried it in the floorboards in my bedroom .
The cops came and examined the bodies of the dead lords and milkmaids .
Luckily , foul play was ruled out as it was clear that the lords were suicides and the milkmaids were accidents .
I thought I was in the clear .
I was confident enough even to offer the officers some fresh milk .
When suddenly I heard it ... the pounding .
The incessant thump - thump - thump ... the beating of a heart .
Notheart ... but much , worse .
I could n't stand it anymore .
I tore open the floorboards .
" Villains ! " I shouted , " I admit the deed !
Here !
Here !
It is the beating of his hideous heart ! " ... But it .
It was twelve drummers drumming at my front door .
A final gift from from the evil , cruel spirit who took my life from me .
My death .
Now we all know about how many different possibilities the iPhone grants with games and applications , but I never thought the iPhone would turn into crime and be the disguise for a cocaine scale .
Found in Netherlands , this Cocaine scale was probably designed by a geek with additional motives besides modding , Internet and video games .
It is a digital scale that is slim enough to fit as an iPhone would in your pocket , bag or jacket .
Moreover , when it arrives , it looks just like an iPhone would when turned on , showing the different applications available on the home screen .
For those in need of a Cocaine Scale , all they have to do is remove the iPhone case top to reveal the miniature scale .
Now , I guess it does n’t HAVE to be used for criminal intent and could be used as a Chef ’s kitchen scale as well , for miniature amounts .
On second thought , maybe someone has truly designed this iPhone scale as a Kitchen Gadget , and a non -geek turned it into Drug product .
Whatever the actual reason … such images would really make Steve Jobs lose his marbles .
For other cool iPhone concepts , check out the iPhone Designed iPhone Sleeves .
Via : TheNextWeb
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Italy 's Constitutional Court has overturned a law granting Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi immunity from prosecution while in office .
The move opens the possibility that Mr Berlusconi , 73 , could stand trial in at least three court cases , including one in which he is accused of corruption .
The judges said immunity violated the principle that all citizens were equal .
Mr Berlusconi said he had expected the ruling as the court was dominated by left - wing judges , and would not resign .
" We have a very organised minority of red [ left - wing ] magistrates who use justice for a political fight , " he told reporters outside his residence in Rome .
" We must govern for five years with or without the law . "
ANALYSIS Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome Mr Berlusconi's ratings have just dropped below 50 % for the first time since coming back to power , confirming a recent downward trend , but they are still far from any danger zone .
When it comes to his coalition partners , especially the Northern League , they , too , appear to lack the appetite to face new elections by bringing down the prime minister .
The League 's colourful leader , Umberto Bossi , has met Mr Berlusconi and came out saying : " I found him strong , and that pleased me .
I found him resolved to fight . "
Berlusconi's shield dented Italian readers ' reaction " The trials that they will hurl at me in Milan are real farces ... but we 'll carry on , " he said , accusing the court , the media and the president of favouring the left .
" I will spend some hours away from taking care of the government and refute them all as liars , " he said .
" These things invigorate me , they invigorate Italians .
Long live Italy , long live Berlusconi ! "
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy , in Rome , says the news has stunned Italy , where Mr Berlusconi has widespread public support , although it has dipped in recent times .
The opposition has already called on him to step down , although it remains unclear how Mr Berlusconi 's coalition partners will react , our correspondent says .
When Mr Berlusconi came to office he was facing at least three court cases , including one involving the British lawyer David Mills .
In that case Mr Berlusconi was accused of bribing him to give false evidence .
Mills , who said he was innocent , was sentenced in February to four years and six months in prison for corruption .
' Distractions '
Mr Berlusconi and his lawyers had argued that he needed the immunity law to carry out his duties as prime minister , our correspondent says .
The appeal to the Constitutional Court was launched by prosecutors including those from the Mills case .
They contended that immunity put Mr Berlusconi above the law and needed to be reversed .
Mr Berlusconi argued that immunity allowed him to govern without being " distracted " by the judiciary .
This is the second time Italy 's highest court has thrown out Mr Berlusconi 's bid for immunity , after an earlier attempt in 2004 failed .
Of the Constitutional Court 's 15 members , five are selected by the president , five by the judiciary , and five by parliament .
They voted 9 - 6 to in favour of lifting Mr Berlusconi 's immunity , the BBC's Duncan Kennedy says from Rome .
The ruling comes at a time when the prime minister 's approval ratings have been eroded by a series of sex scandals and his wife has announced that she is divorcing him .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CHICAGO — Fed - up Knicks center Darko Milicic told The Post he has decided to play in Europe next season .
“ Whatever happens , I ’m going back next year , ” the 7 - foot - 1 Milicic said after yesterday ’s Knicks practice at Moody Bible Institute .
“ It ’s 100 - percent certain .
I have to be real and not lie .
I ’m not going to get it done in the NBA .
I ’m not going to get another opportunity and there ’s nothing wrong with going back to Europe .
I do n’t want to create a bad atmosphere here , but it ’s not working in the NBA . ”
The Serbian center ’s revelation came in the wake of being inactive for the first time this season Tuesday in Charlotte .
Prior to not dressing , Milicic , buried deeper than Nate Robinson , was a DNP in 15 of the last 16 games .
With the Knicks signing center Jonathan Bender Sunday , Milicic may not dress again this season .
KNICKS BLOG
BERMAN ON TWITTER
Milciic said he understands , but this latest incident has made him realize the NBA is not for him .
Milicic is working on an expiring contract and as such the Knicks have no investment in him .
Milicic ’s career started badly when he did not play much in Detroit under Larry Brown .
“ The way we ’re playing , ” Milciic said , “ It makes more sense for Marcus [ Landry ] to dress . ”
Milicic , picked No. 2 in the 2002 NBA draft , ahead of Carmelo Anthony , Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade , said he will consider any European team .
“ I do n’t give a bleep about the money , ” Milicic said .
“ I just want to enjoy the basketball .
I ’d like to have the ball in my hands and have an offense run through me .
I ’m not just a defensive player . ”
Agent Marc Cornstein said he has talked to Donnie Walsh but not about any buyout or trade scenario .
“ It ’s not the blueprint we had hoped , ” Cornstein said .
“ The team was very excited to get him and everyone thought he reported in great shape . ”
Focus
Magnetic Fields in Chaos
Electric current flowing through simple wire arrangements can induce chaotic magnetic fields , according to computations , so magnetic chaos is probably common in everyday electronics .
Phys . Rev. E 80 , 067202 ( 2009 )
Snarly field .
When current flows through two perpendicular wire loops , the induced magnetic field lines wrap around in a chaotic fashion , according to computations .
The circuits in ordinary electronics also appear to generate chaotic fields .
Phys . Rev. E 80 , 067202 ( 2009 )
Snarly field .
When current flows through two perpendicular wire loops , the induced magnetic field lines wrap around in a chaotic fashion , according to computations .
The circuits in ordinary electronics also appear to generate chaotic fields . ×
The magnetic fields generated by electric currents in wires are typically depicted as neat closed loops , but this may be more the exception than the rule .
Computer - based calculations in the December Physical Review E show that magnetic field lines around simple wire configurations are tangled up like a ball of yarn .
After accounting for the earth ’s magnetic field , the researchers conclude that these chaotic magnetic fields are ubiquitous in the circuits found in all modern electronic devices .
A magnetic field line can be thought of as the path taken by a hiker continuously walking where her compass needle points .
Textbooks generally show magnetic field lines curling around current - carrying wires to form closed loops .
However , in plasmas–where currents flow in complex arrangements –the magnetic field lines often do n’t close but instead wrap around themselves in three - dimensional space an infinite number of times .
These chaotic magnetic fields have been studied for decades by those working on fusion reactors , as well as those trying to understand the atmosphere of the sun .
The conventional wisdom has been that this chaos is confined to plasmas , but recent theoretical work has shown that chaotic magnetic fields also arise from the currents through special wire configurations , such as an undulating wire bent into a loop [ 1 ] .
Now Makoto Hosoda of Osaka City University in Japan and his colleagues have looked at even simpler wire arrangements , some of which are representative of the wiring inside ordinary electronic devices .
The main example consisted of two adjacent circular loops tilted at 90 degrees to each other .
The researchers ’ computer program picked an arbitrary starting point near the loops and calculated the magnetic field using standard formulas for the sum of two single loops .
It then moved incrementally in the field ’s direction and continuously calculated the magnetic field at each point .
With this technique , the team traced out the path of a single magnetic field line and showed the line weaving in and out of the two loops without ever retracing its steps .
To confirm that this was chaos , the team showed that a slight change in starting point leads to a wildly different line trajectory , the classic definition of chaos .
Hosoda and his colleagues did similar tests on other wire combinations , adding in the earth ’s magnetic field .
For centimeter - wide loops carrying 10 amperes of current , they found that the earth ’s uniform field overwhelms the current - induced field and washes away the chaos .
The field lines are complex–forming small knots around the wires –but any field line that you follow eventually straightens out and extends away from system .
However , when the team analyzed representative versions of the much smaller wire circuits that can be found in our televisions , computers , and cell phones , the magnetic fields were stronger , and the chaos resisted the geomagnetic field .
This robust chaos may be a good thing , says co-author Katsuhiro Nakamura of the Uzbek Academy of Sciences in Tashkent , Uzbekistan .
“ Non-chaotic ” magnetic fields could in principle be strong enough to disrupt current flow at certain points .
“ By contrast , chaos smears out the macroscopic magnetic field and guarantees the stable operation of modern technological devices , ” Nakamura says .
“ This paper is an interesting numerical application of an already known concept to a realistic example and reinforces the fact that magnetic lines are generically complex in any practical case , ” says Jacobo Aguirre of the Center for Astrobiology in Madrid .
He believes it will be a real challenge to check these results experimentally .
Undeterred , Hosoda is considering building a meter - scale mock - up of his team ’s simulations .
The presence of chaotic fields might be verified with magnetic sensors that can track individual field lines , or with an electron beam whose scattering pattern would depend on the details of the fields .
– Michael Schirber
Michael Schirber is a Corresponding Editor for Physics based in Lyon , France .
References J. Aguirre , and D. Peralta - Salas , “ Realistic Examples of Chaotic Magnetic Fields Created by Wires , ” Euro .
Phys. Lett. 80 , 60007 ( 2007 )
Enlarge By Jim R. Bounds , Bloomberg News Novartis CEO Daniel Vasella , at a Novartis facility in Holly Springs , N.C. , has had to deal with protesters .
Read more on NVS at ABOUT VASELLA ABOUT VASELLA Grew up in the Swiss town of Fribourg .
As a child , he had asthma , tuberculosis and meningitis and spent a year in a hospital and a sanatorium .
One sister died of Hodgkin 's lymphoma at 19 .
Another sister , also a doctor , was killed in a car crash .
M.D. from University of Bern in Switzerland ( 1979 ) .
Became CEO of Novartis in 1996 .
Only CEO of a major pharmaceutical company who also is a physician .
Co-author of book Magic Cancer Bullet about the development of cancer drug Glivec .
One of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people in 2004 .
Hobbies include motorcycling through the Swiss Alps .
Collects Himalayan art and ancient books , including medieval illuminated manuscripts known as the book of hours .
VASELLA'S TIPS VASELLA'S TIPS Consider the complaints of activists .
They may have a point .
Engage them .
Remember the advice of your parents : Stand up and defend yourself .
Speaking up and going public wo n't change the minds of antagonists .
It 's really a battle for public support .
Dan Vasella , CEO of Switzerland - based pharmaceutical giant ( NVS ) .
CEOs may feel under attack like never before , but few have experienced it like , CEO of Switzerland - based pharmaceutical giant Novartis
This past summer , animal rights activists went to his hometown village and painted " murderer " on the church .
A week later , they desecrated the graves of his sister and parents .
Then they set fire to his Austrian vacation home .
Most CEOs respond to loud criticism by staying quiet , but Vasella , 56 , decided to go public and do media interviews and lobby for tougher law enforcement throughout Europe .
He spoke to USA TODAY corporate management reporter Del Jones about what leaders should do when anger crosses the line .
Following are excerpts edited for clarity and space .
Q : What do you get from confronting enemies ?
You 're not going to change their minds .
A : You win public support .
With that , you can achieve anything .
Without public support , you cannot achieve anything .
Q : This Q&A makes no attempt to determine right and wrong in animal testing debate .
But are n't you helping activists by giving them the soapbox they desire ?
A : I do n't believe so .
It 's my duty as a citizen to speak up when illegal actions take place .
Suffering in silence does n't help anybody .
You have to stand up .
You have to fight for something .
If everyone remained silent , then the people who are violent would prevail .
Q : Other drug companies have not fought this so publicly .
Are n't you putting a bull 's - eye on Novartis ?
A: No .
If others duck to stay off the radar , that 's a bad recipe .
Q : CEOs in a variety of industries have told me that they get anonymous threats through the mail and elsewhere .
Should they go public ?
A : The general advice that security departments give is :
Do n't respond , do n't react , and we 'll handle it .
In the U.K. , police are much more active than in continental Europe .
There was a bomb case in the U.S. a few years ago , and the FBI became active , but that activity passes by when nobody dies .
My advice to others is to be cool and react with logic , be prudent , take precautions , but do not panic and be afraid .
Be willing to engage ( with activists ) if they have a point , if it 's appropriate .
While some activists aim to create fear and uncertainty , a terrorist attempt at psychological tension , we 've engaged in a constructive dialogue with Médecins Sans Frontières International ( Doctors Without Borders ) and Greenpeace in the past .
Q : Are CEOs wrong when they file a police report but stay quiet ?
A : In many instances , that may be right , but I think there is also a line which one has to draw .
It 's a judgment call .
It should be a deliberate decision and not an emotional one .
In my case , people understood because what happened was so outrageous .
Q : If you were to do it over again , would you do anything differently ?
A : I would go public earlier , immediately .
We should have done more to engage politicians and the press in making them aware what was going on , because we need the public to understand .
Q : Has your response done anything to stop the behavior of your antagonists ?
A : It 's calm right now , but I do n't think that they have changed in any way their fundamental attitude and actions .
We have more support on the political side in continental Europe .
Changing laws is a multiyear process , but we have never encountered so much support as now .
Q : Where do yet get your courage ?
A : If I ever came home from school and said I felt unfairly treated by a teacher , my parents never said the teacher was right .
They said :
You have to stand up and defend yourself .
You occasionally prevail .
That gives strength inside , which not everyone had the luck to experience .
Q : If CEOs went more on the offensive , would they have to worry about the safety of themselves and family ?
A : I do n't .
There was a period when I was more alert , a normal reaction .
Now we are conducting our lives as we used to .
Of course , there are security measures that have been taken , but you can never protect everything .
Q : If you were the leader of the animal rights group , what would you do differently to get your point across and cause change ?
A: You put me in a difficult position to argue for them .
Certainly , any criminal actions wo n't lead to success in the long term .
The only way to proceed is to engage in dialogue .
Q : I 'm guessing that they feel they can't get anywhere with a polite exchange of ideas .
A : Visit their websites , and you 'll understand what 's going on .
They can't make any points because the points they make are unacceptable from all points of view .
They blackmail and extort .
Nobody could proceed this way .
Q : Novartis makes H1N1 ( swine flu ) vaccine .
Have you been the personal target over any anger regarding this ?
A: We will deliver over 40 million doses by year 's end and are on track with production .
This has not been an issue .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
​
Magic ! -
Spellcasting units can take promotions in the different spheres of magic , granting them access to new spells and abilities .
A unit has access to spells depending on what sort of caster it is and the spell spheres it chooses which of 14 spheres it wants to learn when it levels up ( Fire , Entropy , Nature , Spirit , etc ) .
Casters gain experience slowly automatically , so there is no need to risk them in combat as they pursue their studies in the mystical arts .
Experience - Veteran units are now more valuable .
The base promotions have been essentially doubled , making the difference between experinced units and greenhorns especially noticeable .
Also , new anti-racial promotions have been added , become the scourge of the elves , if it suits your fancy .
Upgrading -
In order to upgrade the the strongest units a unit must first prove itself worthy .
Do you want to be an Immortal ?
Unable to die , and thus able to fight for all eternity ?
Then you have to be at least a Lv. 6 Maceman .
Religions -
Not all religions are created equal , and some of them effect the alignment of your civilizations .
If you choose to follow the vile practices of the Ashen Veil , your civilization will descend into the depths of Evil .
You will of course be rewarded with immense arcane power , knowledge and the aid of Demons .
On the other hand , if you follow the Runes of Kilmorph , you will be able to obtain the aid of the reclusive dwarves and share in their love of gold and gems .
Heroes -
In times of darkness and strife , heroes will rise to lead their civilizations to victory .
Heroes are world units , that can only be built once .
If they die , they can not be rebuilt .
Each civilization has at least one hero associated with it , as does each religion .
Heroes gain experience each turn , meaning that in any given game , they will probably be your most powerful unit by far .
They are capable of taking lightly defended cities by themselves , but they 're only a short dogpile away from being dead , so protect them !
Technology - Specialization is the name of the game here , while you may be able to generalize into the first or second tier of techs , you 're probably better off specializing in one of the various forms of combat or the arcane or the religious .
Tech progression is noticable slower in FfH , giving you an opportunity to play with those new toys you just discovered .
There are also religious specific techs , that cannot be researched unless you follow the appropriate state religion . ​
​
Derek " Kael " Paxton ​
Ben " Talchas " Segall
Stéphane " Sto " Nadry ​
Eli " Loki " Markham
Tom " Woodelf " Snyder ​
Philippe " C.Roland " Côté - Léger
Dr. Bernhard " Chalid " Schropp
Stephan " seZereth " Weiß
Ilia " Rabbit , White " Draznin
Michael " AlazkanAssassin " Hall
Martin " Ploeperpengel " Zutz
Hexagonian​
William " Wilboman " Nordan
Jon " Corlindale " Duus
Randy " Nikis - Knight " Miller ​
Soren Johnson -
For making an amazingly moddable game and taking time to help and encourage the growth of FfH .
Alex Mantzaris -
For code help and adding functions to BtS so that FfH can do everything that it does .
Jesse Smith -
For supporting FfH and working with us to get AoI into the expansion ( I know he was ready to kill us when he found out how much text we wanted translated ) .
John Shafer -
For his invaluable feedback in smoothing out the wrinkles and improving the design of FfH .
TheLopez -
For providing the
Thunderfall -
For providing us CivFanatics and always supporting FfH
Maniac-
Always helping with ideas ( many of which we steal ) and testing
Sureshot - Mini-mod maker and multiplayer tester
Vorshlumpf - Playtester extrondinaire
Kai " ColdFever " Fiebach - Creator of the BlueMarble terrain set
Fredrik " Grey Fox " Henriksson - For writing the FfH manual
Chugginator - For sharing his amazing art
jdog5000 - For providing the AIAutoPlay mechanic
Xienwolf -
For interface help , tons of ideas and work on the FfH manual
Cephalo -
For providing the " Erebus " mapscript ( it 's his Creation mapscript renamed )
Marnok - For Developing the Explorable Lairs system
Smeagolheart -
For developing the ability to examine a city before you decide to keep or raze it .​
Soren Johnson -
For making an amazingly moddable game and taking time to help and encourage the growth of FfH .
Alex Mantzaris -
For code help and adding functions to BtS so that FfH can do everything that it does .
Jesse Smith -
For supporting FfH and working with us to get AoI into the expansion ( I know he was ready to kill us when he found out how much text we wanted translated ) .
John Shafer -
For his invaluable feedback in smoothing out the wrinkles and improving the design of FfH .
TheLopez - For providing the Scriptable Leader Traits Thunderfall -
For providing us CivFanatics and always supporting FfHManiac - Always helping with ideas ( many of which we steal ) and testingSureshot - Mini-mod maker and multiplayer testerVorshlumpf - Playtester extrondinaireKai " ColdFever " Fiebach - Creator of the BlueMarble terrain setFredrik " Grey Fox " Henriksson - For writing the FfH manualChugginator - For sharing his amazing artjdog5000 - For providing the AIAutoPlay mechanicXienwolf -
For interface help , tons of ideas and work on the FfH manualCephalo - For providing the " Erebus " mapscript ( it 's his Creation mapscript renamed ) Marnok - For Developing the Explorable Lairs systemSmeagolheart -
For developing the ability to examine a city before you decide to keep or raze it . ​
0.11 Released Friday May 19th , 2006
0.12 Released Sunday June 4th , 2006
0.13 Released Friday June 23rd , 2006
0.14 Released Friday July 14th , 2006
0.15 Released Friday August 11th , 2006
0.16 Released Friday October 13th , 2006
0.20 Release Friday February 16th , 2007
0.21 Released Friday March 9th , 2007
0.22 Released Friday May 25th , 2007
0.23 Released Friday July 13th , 2007
( 0.24 was a limited playtest release )
0.25 Released Friday October 5th , 2007
0.30 Released Sunday December 16th , 2007
0.31 Released Friday March 21st , 2008
0.32 Released Friday , May 23rd , 2008
0.33 Released Friday , August 15th , 2008
0.34 Released Friday , October 10th , 2008
0.40 Released Tuesday , December 16th , 2008 ​
You have installed the patch instead of the full mod .
be sure to install the mod from above .​
Yes , you will need to change the default path to " C : \Program Files \Steam\steamapps \common\sid meier 's civilization iv beyond the sword \Beyond the Sword \Mods " in the install program and it should work . ​
We ( the developers ) do n't require any payment , we just love to see people enjoying the mod .
If you would like to make a donation , and are in a position to do so , please donate to www.unicef.com http://www.unicef.org/support/index.html ) and help improve our own world . ​
​
News >
Idaho Idaho barista fends off robber with gun ; arrest made Wed. , Dec. 30 , 2009
A 17 - year - old boy was arrested this morning following an attempted holdup of a coffee stand in Coeur d’Alene in which the barista pulled a gun on the would - be robber .
A plainclothes deputy sheriff for Kootenai County was in the area of the robbery serving civil papers when a radio broadcast went out alerting officers to the incident .
The robber had a gun in the attempt to take money from Sunshine Espresso at Ironwood Drive and Government Way , but left without getting any cash .
The barista , Michelle Cornelson , said the robber showed a handgun and demanded money , but when a vehicle pulled into the lot for an order , it caused the robber to lower his gun , according to Coeur d’Alene police .
She told police she used the distraction to grab her own weapon and point it at the robber , ordering him to leave .
The plainclothes deputy spotted a male walking in the 200 block of East Locust Avenue about two blocks from the robbery , and held the suspect at gunpoint until other deputies arrived .
The suspect was armed with a handgun , according to sheriff ’s Major Ben Wolfinger .
The suspect ’s name was not released because he is a juvenile , Wolfinger said .
He was booked into the county juvenile detention center .
The Spokesman - Review Newspaper Local journalism is essential .
Give directly to The Spokesman - Review 's Northwest Passages community forums series -- which helps to offset the costs of several reporter and editor positions at the newspaper -- by using the easy options below .
Gifts processed in this system are not tax deductible , but are predominately used to help meet the local financial requirements needed to receive national matching - grant funds .
Subscribe to the Coronavirus newsletter
Get the day ’s latest Coronavirus news delivered to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter .
Sign up
The Senate on Saturday sent the final spending bill of the year , the $ 636.3 billion defense measure , to President Obama to sign into law , setting the stage for a stretch run to try to pass health care reform by Christmas .
Senators braved biting winds and driving snow to vote , 88 - 10 , to pass the bill .
But that overwhelming tally belied the venomous fight that has erupted as Republicans use a range of tactics to delay a return to the health care agenda .
The defense bill , which covers fiscal 2010 , includes $ 128 billion to fund the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , but Democrats also tacked on extra funds for food stamps , an extension of the USA Patriot Act and continued subsidies to make it easier for the recently unemployed to afford health insurance under COBRA provisions .
“ This is a good strong message we ’ve sent to our men and women in uniform , ” Majority Leader Harry Reid , Nevada Democrat , told his colleagues after the final vote .
“ It was a little bit of a struggle to get here , but we got here . ”
The bill does pose several challenges to Mr. Obama .
Lawmakers included $ 465 million to fund a backup engine for the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter .
The White House this summer said the program could slow production of the F - 35 and warned that the president could veto the bill .
The bill also includes $ 2.5 billion for C - 17 transport airplanes that the administration did n’t request , includes more money for the presidential helicopter than Mr. Obama requested , and continues pork - barrel spending .
Lawmakers listed more than 1,700 earmarked projects at a total cost of $ 4.2 billion .
Sen . John McCain , Arizona Republican , complained about the pork - barrel projects .
“ Here we have a bill to defend the nation - to defend the nation - and [ it includes ] $ 18.9 million for a center at the University of Massachusetts ‘ dedicated to educating the general public , students , teachers , new senators , and Senate staff about the role and importance of the Senate , ’ ” Mr. McCain said .
Republicans also complained about the procedures used to push through the bill , but most supported the measure .
Nine of the votes against the bill came from Republicans , including Mr. McCain .
They were joined by Sen. Russ Feingold , Wisconsin Democrat .
Last weekend , the Senate passed a package of six other appropriations bills - all of them long overdue .
The fiscal year began Oct. 1 , and much of the government has been running on stopgap funding for the past 2 1/2 months .
That stopgap funding technically expired Friday night , and the Senate passed another stopgap bill Saturday to give the massive defense bill time to be processed .
Republicans forced Democrats to spend three days of floor time debating the spending bill as a way of delaying the health care bill .
Democrats accused Republicans of using funding for the troops to try to obstruct Senate business .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
In the spirit of the new year , this week we look at the best , and the worst , that 2009 had to offer in Blu-ray .
We also welcome back Matt Paprocki from DoBlu.com to join our discussion on the best of ’09 .
Before we get to that , we take a look at a few news items .
First up , Walmart has made it very known that they want in on the home theater game .
Adding more HDTV displays and its own install team , Walmart is making a major play .
And it seems to be paying off , as recent numbers from NPD show that Walmart has pulled nearly even with Best Buy in Blu-ray market share , claiming 30 % of Blu-ray software sales in the third quarter .
Meanwhile , Amazon , which holds the third place in market share at about 15 % , used an odd method of measurement to talk about how many Blu-ray players it sold this holiday season .
Finally , we talked about Apple ’s plans for a subscription based TV offering before , but now it seems that CBS and Disney have entered into initial talks with the big silver fruit about possibly coming on board .
That leads us to the best of Blu-ray for 2009 .
Our discussion breaks down this way : best sound , best picture , best extras , best catalog , worst overall , and finally the best overall disc .
Here ’s a few of the movies mentioned , with links to DoBlu.com reviews where available .
For our complete list , take a listen to the show .
Sound :
A Bug ’s Life
Watchmen
Picture :
Drag me to Hell
Up
Extras :
Sleeping Beauty
Wizard of Oz
Shaun of the Dead
Catalog :
The General
Glory
Worst :
Ghostbusters
Alien Trespass
Overall :
Phil – Up
Matt – A Bug ’s Life
Our look at what ’s coming up in HD , with help from Geek Tonic ’s guide to the 2010 Winter TV schedule , shows not too much for this New Year ’s week .
In the HD Sportsman , you have a ton of bowl games to choose from , with one every day but Sunday , Jan .
3 . Adam ’s Penn State Nittany Lions take on LSU in the Capital One Bowl on Jan. 1 at 1 p.m. on ABC , while Phil ’s Michigan State Spartans play Texas Tech in the Alamo Bowl at 9 p.m. on Jan. 2 on ESPN .
Finally , the Blu-ray releases for Jan. 5 features the John Wayne classic The Green Berets and the animated Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs .
Click here to download Episode 17 !
Seen In HD Subscriptions
If you get busted for drunk driving in Montgomery County , Texas , this holiday season , your neighbors may hear about it on Twitter .
That 's because the local district attorney 's office has decided to publish the names of those charged with driving while intoxicated ( DWI ) between Christmas and New Year 's Eve .
County Vehicular Crimes Prosecutor Warren Diepraam came up with the idea as a way of discouraging residents from getting behind the wheel while drunk .
" It 's not a magic bullet that 's going to end DWIs , but its something to make people think twice before they get behind the wheel of a car and drive while they 're intoxicated , " he said .
The Houston - area county will start publishing names on Twitter during holiday weekends such as the Christmas holidays , Fourth of July and Memorial Day , which are thought of as times when a lot of people drive while intoxicated .
The information is already a matter of public record and it is not uncommon for local newspapers in the U.S. to publish the names of those charged with drunk driving or soliciting a prostitute as a kind of public shaming .
But these practices are controversial , and some legal pundits wonder if publishing names on Twitter is going too far .
A " person who 's been arrested is still innocent unless proven guilty , " said Houston defense attorney Paul Kennedy in a blog posting .
" My question is should the DA dismiss a case against a motorist or should a motorist be acquitted by a jury of his peers , will Mr. Diepraam offer a public apology on Twitter as well ? "
Just " because facts are publicly known and made available by the media , does n't mean the prosecutor has to actively publicize these facts , " wrote Venkat Balasubramani , a lawyer and Internet law blogger .
Diepraam dismissed such criticism .
" We 're not putting information in the public that 's unavailable , " he said .
" In our area , we 've got a population of around 6 million people and I sincerely doubt that the fact that I 've put someone 's name on a Twitter page is going to affect their right to a fair trial . "
Names of those arrested for DWI will be posted on District Attorney Brett Ligon 's Twitter page .
Competitively , that which is easy gets you very little .
If it is easy , anyone can do it , so it is of low value .
Tying your shoes in a special way will get you no recognition from anyone except maybe a kindergartener .
Doing a couple of simple math problems to review for a placement test wo n’t help you much .
The point of tests and the free market is to separate those that go a bit further .
Average Difficulty Actions Lead To Adequate Gains
Doing items at a medium level of difficulty will get you somewhat valuable gains .
Running 3 miles to train for a half - marathon will keep you on pace , and will take a good amount of your energy .
This will be worth it to you , but it wo n’t amaze anyone else .
While average types of actions do n’t necessarily hurt you in any way , sticking at the median level leaves you unable to build up real momentum .
Awards , support , and recognition do n’t tend to arrive for those who are sticking to doing the average .
It is n’t that others do n’t want to acknowledge your work , but that someone else ’s work shines brighter than yours , moving yours into the invisible category .
On the other hand , it is good to keep some of your regular habits in this category .
Keep Your Actions In The Difficult Category
Doing things in a new way , or in a substantially better way , is what remains in the difficult category .
Breaking through the competition means you have to outdo them in your thoughts , efforts , or attempts .
Standing out as remarkable requires at least one extra step beyond where others are going .
If you are delivering a PowerPoint presentation just like 15 other people , and have colored slides like everyone else , it might have taken you a little more effort , but others will not heavily notice you until you add in another layer of difficulty , like organizing your slides so they unfold in reverse , or something similar that is innovative .
Anyone could be this remarkable , but it takes a bit more thought , and some fearlessness , to not quit during the process out of concern for looking out - of - place .
You do get back what you put out , but in the realm of competition , you have to put out more value than , or out - learn , your competitors to stand out in recognition or place .
To get into this small set of successful people , you must have your focus on your actions .
Your focus is not well spent on doing more of the regular , which will keep you where you are , as opposed to where your desired destination is .
Example # 1 : Writing For A Newspaper
If you are writing a column for a newspaper , average content will look okay , and fit on the page next to the other articles , which will make it just fine to skip over it .
If your material and presentation is enough to suit description as “ up to par ” , but is not any more absorbing than that , it will just be read on some passes based on its presence , but it wo n’t get any eyes directed to it .
If you want your creation to get people directed toward it , you have to put yourself in their shoes and see that they are looking for the big hit .
They would rather have you go crazy with a concept , and make your point in an outlandish way , than have you cower back in fear , and write it in a way where the main concept is so watered down that it become generic and unfocused .
Example # 2 : Academic Classes
If you look back at classes you have taken in the past , some of the ones you will remember the most are the ones that were the hardest at that time .
While you may have struggled heavily during them , you now look back at those classes as the ones that really built you up as a person .
These classes would not have been as valuable for you had the teachers and / or people who set the curriculum planned it out that way .
Their focus on packing the difficult into the standard class structure left a solid impression in your mind , and you can do the same for others by keeping a focus on the difficult tasks which are at your grasp .
* * *
The photo shown above is of my friend and I hiking up a mountain trail , taken at about three hours of the way up the mountain .
It was more difficult than a regular trail run , but was certainly worth it .
What are you currently doing that you would classify as difficult ?
How do you focus your mind and actions on doing the difficult ?
Please share your thoughts and experiences in the comments below .
Photo by jin .
thai
Several times , I ’ve detailed why slacktivism does n’t really do anything to help the people it ’s supposed to .
Once again , Facebook is deluged by a series of nonsensical posts that are supposed to increase awareness of breast cancer .
This year ’s game is even more ridiculous than those in the past .
If you have n’t seen it , and you probably have without knowing it , the “ game ” is to post one of 14 statuses .
When someone likes it or comments on the status , you send them a message telling them that they are now part of the game !
How fun !
Here are the statuses .
Keep reading
This is amazing video of a Florida State offensive lineman not moving after the snap
Most scientists believe that staph infections are caused by many bacterial cells that signal each other to emit toxins .
The signaling process is called quorum sensing because many bacteria must be present to start the process .
But the Jeff Brinker research group has determined that the very first stage of staph infection , when bacteria switch from a harmless to a virulent form , occurs in a single cell and that this individual process can be stopped by the application of a simple protein .
The Brinker group 's nonantibiotic approach may make it easier to treat staphylococci strains that have become drug resistant like the methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus MRSA .
The control of such strains is a formidable problem in hospitals .
" The good news is that by inhibiting the single cell 's signaling molecules with a small protein , we were able to suppress any genetic reprogramming into the bacterium 's more virulent form , " said Brinker .
" Our work clearly showed the strategy worked . "
Brinker , with appointments at Sandia National Laboratories and the University of New Mexico , wrote about his group 's findings in the Nov. 22 issue of Nature Chemical Biology .
In the course of its experiments , the Brinker team achieved three firsts :
They isolated Staphylococcus aureus bacteria in individual , self - assembled nanoscale compartments .
Isolation of an individual bacterium previously had been achieved only computationally , leaving open questions of how a physically and chemically isolated bacterium would actually behave .
They demonstrated that it was the release of signaling peptides from a single cell -- not a quorum -- that acted as a trigger to reprogram that same cell so that it released toxins .
By introducing an inexpensive , very low - density lipoprotein ( VLDL ) to bind to the messenger peptide , they stopped the single cell from reprogramming itself .
The term " quorum sensing " itself may prove a misnomer , the result of observations made in cell cultures rather than in the body , said Brinker .
Because signaling molecules tend to diffuse away , a liquid culture of cells would naturally require many bacteria to produce enough signaling bacteria to begin reprogramming .
The situation is otherwise in nature , where even a single cell may be sufficiently isolated that its own manufactured peptides would remain in its vicinity .
advertisement
" Also , it 's hard to believe that one cell 's evolution could be based on what a whole bunch of cells do , " said Brinker .
" When we instead consider that an individual cell will do what 's best for it , we can more clearly understand the benefits of that cell 's behavior . "
A bacterium may live longer by reprogramming itself to produce toxins or enzymes that allow it to access external nutrients , the Brinker group showed .
One aspect of experimental rigor was the team 's ability to organize living cells into a nanostructured matrix .
" We 've already done this with yeast , " said Brinker .
" We just extended the process to bacteria . "
A key question was whether a cell could distinguish between peptides emitted by itself from those sent by other cells .
If signaling peptides were chemically the same , what would it matter which bacterium emitted it ?
As it turned out , said Brinker , " Peptides could bond to surface receptors on their own [ generating ] cell .
So a single cell 's peptide molecules could activate its own genes to express proteins that make staph virulent . "
Indicating that the experiment had isolated the actual cause of the transformation , when the number of peptides produced by a cell ultimately came to exceed the number of lippoprotein molecules in solution , a stalled " quorum - sensing " procedure started up again .
advertisement
When still more signaling molecules were added to the mix , the cell 's transformation occurred more rapidly .
Researchers hope to find a mechanism to locate bacteria reprogramming in the body so that the antidote can be delivered in time .
The problem could be solved , suggested Brinker , by the insertion of VLDL - bearing nanospheres ( another Brinker - group creation ) into the bloodstream , linked to a ' searcher ' molecule designed to find and link to suspect peptides or cells that produce them .
" Inhibiting this specific signaling molecule from turning on virulence would n't inhibit other bacteria , " Brinker said .
Targeting is important because the human gastro - intestinal system contains many useful bacteria .
These are often decimated by conventional antibiotics but would be spared by the Brinker group 's method .
Brinker , a Sandia Fellow and distinguished professor of chemical engineering and molecular genetics and microbiology at UNM , performed this work with Eric Carnes and DeAnna Lopez at the UNM Department of Chemical and Nuclear Engineering ( Lopez is now a Sandia technologist ) , Graham Timmins at the UNM College of Pharmacy , Niles Donegan and Ambrose Cheung at Dartmouth Medical School , and Hattie Gresham at the New Mexico Veterans Administration Health Care System .
The Sandia work is supported by the Basic Energy Sciences / Division of Materials Science and Engineering and Sandia 's Laboratory Directed Research and Development ( LDRD ) program .
Other project work is supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , the National Science Foundation , the Defense Threat Reduction Agency and the National Institutes of Health .
As you all may know , I watched and posted my lecture notes of the whole MIT Introduction to Algorithms course .
In this post I want to summarize all the topics that were covered in the lectures and point out some of the most interesting things in them .
Actually , before I wrote this article , I had started writing an article called " The coolest things that I learned from MIT 's Introduction to Algorithms " but quickly did I realize that what I was doing was listing the topics in each article and not really pointing out the coolest things .
Therefore I decided to write a summary article first ( I had promised to do so ) , and only then write an article on really the most exciting topics .
Talking about the summary , I watched a total of 23 lectures and it resulted in 14 blog posts .
It took me nearly a year to publish them here .
Here is a list of all the posts :
I 'll now go through each of the lectures .
They require quite a bit of math knowledge to understand .
If you are uncertain about your math skills , I 'd suggest reading Knuth 's Concrete Mathematics book .
It contains absolutely all the necessary math to understand this course .
Lecture 1 : Analysis of Algorithms
If you 're a student , or even if you 're not , you must never miss the first lecture of any course , ever !
The first lecture tells you what to expect from the course , how it will be taught , what it will cover , who the professor is , what the prerequisites are , and a bunch of other important and interesting things .
In this lecture you also get to know professor Charles E. Leiserson ( author of CLRS ) and he explains the following topics :
Why study algorithms and their performance ?
What is the analysis of algorithms ?
What can be more important than the performance of algorithms ?
The sorting problem .
Insertion sort algorithm .
Running time analysis of insertion sort .
Asymptotic analysis .
Worst - case , average - case , best - case running time analysis .
Analysis of insertion sort 's worst - case running time .
Asymptotic notation - theta notation - ?.
Merge sort algorithm .
The recursive nature of merge sort algorithm .
Running time recurrence for merge sort .
Recursion trees .
Running time analysis of merge sort by looking at the recursion tree .
General recurrence for divide and conquer algorithms .
I personally found the list of things that can be more important than the performance of the program interesting .
These things are modularity , correctness , maintainability , security , functionality , robustness , user - friendliness , programmer 's time , simplicity , extensibility , reliability , scalability .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture one .
Lecture 2 : Analysis of Algorithms ( continued )
The second lecture is presented by Eric Demaine .
He 's the youngest professor in the history of MIT .
Here are the topics that he explains in the second lecture :
Asymptotic notation .
Big -o notation - O .
Set definition of O - notation .
Capital - omega notation - ?.
Theta notation - ?.
Small - o notation - o .
Small - omega notation - ?.
Solving recurrences by substitution method .
Solving recurrences by recursion - tree method .
Solving recurrences by the Master 's method .
Intuitive sketch proof of the Master 's method .
An interesting thing in this lecture is the analogy of ( O , ? , ? , o , ? ) to ( ? , ? , = , < , > ) .
For example , if we say f( n ) = O ( n2 ) then by using the analogy we can think of it as f( n ) ?
c·n2 , that is , function f( n ) is always smaller than or equal to c·n2 , or in other words , it 's bounded above by function c·n2 , which is exactly what f( n ) = O( n2 ) means .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture two .
Lecture 3 : Divide and Conquer
The third lecture is all about the divide - and - conquer algorithm design method and its applications .
The divide and conquer method solves a problem by 1 ) breaking it into a number of subproblems ( divide step ) , 2 ) solving each problem recursively ( conquer step ) , 3 ) combining the solutions ( combine step ) .
Here are the topics explained in the third lecture :
The nature of divide and conquer algorithms .
An example of divide and conquer - merge sort .
Solving for running time of merge sort by Master 's method .
Binary search .
Powering a number .
Fibonacci numbers .
Algorithms for computing Fibonacci numbers .
Fibonacci by naive recursive algorithm .
Fibonacci by bottom - up algorithm .
Fibonacci by naive recursive squaring .
Fibonacci by matrix recursive squaring .
Matrix multiplication
Strassen 's algorithm .
VLSI ( very large scale integration ) layout problem .
I was the most impressed by the four algorithms for computing Fibonacci numbers .
I actually wrote about one of them in my publication " On the Linear Time Algorithm For Finding Fibonacci Numbers , " which explains how this algorithms is actually quadratic in practice ( but linear in theory ) .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture three .
Lecture 4 : Sorting
Lecture four is devoted entirely to the quicksort algorithm .
It 's the industry standard algorithm that is used for sorting in most of the computer systems .
You just have to know it .
Topics explained in lecture four :
Divide and conquer approach to sorting .
Quicksort algorithm .
The partition routine in the quicksort algorithm .
Running time analysis of quicksort .
Worst - case analysis of quicksort .
Intuitive , best - case analysis of quicksort .
Randomized quicksort .
Indicator random variables .
Running time analysis of randomized quicksort in expectation .
I loved how the idea of randomizing the partition subroutine in quicksort algorithm led to a running time that is independent of element order .
The deterministic quicksort could always be fed an input that triggers the worst - case running time O ( n2 ) , but the worst - case running time of randomized quicksort is determined only by the output of the random number generator .
I once wrote another post about quicksort called " Three Beautiful Quicksorts " where I summarized what Jon Bentley 's had to say about the experimental analysis of quicksort 's running time and how the current quicksort algorithm looks in the industry libraries ( such as c standard library , which provides qsort function ) .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture four .
Lecture 5 : Sorting ( continued )
Lecture five continues on sorting and looks at what limits the running time of sorting to O ( n·lg ( n ) ) .
It then breaks out of this limitation and shows several linear time sorting algorithms .
Topics explained in lecture five :
How fast can we sort ?
Comparsion sort model .
Decision trees .
Comparsion sort algorithms based on decision trees .
Lower bound for decision - tree sorting .
Sorting in linear time .
Counting sort .
The concept of stable sorting .
Radix sort .
Correctness of radix sort .
Running time analysis of radix sort .
The most interesting topic here was how any comparison sort algorithm can be translated into a decision tree ( and vice versa ) , which limits how fast we can sort .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture five .
Lecture 6 : Order Statistics
Lecture six deals with the order statistics problem - how to find the k - th smallest element among n elements .
The naive algorithm is to sort the list of n elements and return the k-th element in the sorted list , but this approach makes it run in O ( n·lg ( n ) ) time .
This lecture shows how a randomized , linear - time algorithm ( in expectation ) for this problem can be constructed .
Topics explained in lecture six :
Order statistics .
Naive order statistics algorithm via sorting .
Randomized divide and conquer order statistics algorithm .
Expected running time analysis of randomized order statistics algorithm .
Worst - case linear - time order - statistics .
An interesting point in this lecture is that the worst - case , deterministic , linear - time algorithm for order statistics is n't being used in practice because it performs poorly compared to the randomized linear - time algorithm .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture six .
Lecture 7 : Hashing
This is the first lecture of two on hashing .
It introduces hashing and various collision resolution strategies .
All the topics explained in lecture seven :
Symbol table problem .
Direct - access table .
The concept of hashing .
Collisions in hashing .
Resolving collisions by chaining .
Analysis of worst - case and average - case search time of chaining .
Hash functions .
Division hash method .
Multiplication hash method .
Resolving collisions by open addressing .
Probing strategies .
Linear probing .
Double hashing .
Analysis of open addressing .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture seven .
Lecture 8 : Hashing ( continued )
The second lecture on hashing .
It addresses the weakness of hashing - for any choice of hash function , there exists a bad set of keys that all hash to the same value .
An adversary can take an advantage of this and attack our program .
Universal hashing solves this problem .
The other topic explained in this lecture is perfect hashing - given n keys , how to construct a hash table of size O ( n ) where search takes O ( 1 ) guaranteed .
All the topics in lecture eight :
Weakness of hashing .
Universal hashing .
Construction of universal hash functions .
Perfect hashing .
Markov inequality .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture eight .
Lecture 9 : Search Trees
This lecture primarily discusses randomly built binary search trees .
( It assumes you know what binary trees are . )
Similar to universal hashing ( see previous lecture ) , they solve a problem when you need to build a tree from untrusted data .
It turns out that the expected height of a randomly built binary search tree is still O ( lg ( n ) ) , more precisely , it 's expected to be 3 · lg ( n ) at most .
Topics explained in lecture nine :
What are good and bad binary search trees ?
Binary search tree sort .
Analysis of binary search tree sort .
BST sort relation to quicksort .
Randomized BST sort .
Randomly built binary search trees .
Convex functions , Jensen 's inequality .
Expected height of a randomly built BST .
The most surprising idea in this lecture is that the binary search tree sort ( introduced in this lecture ) does the same element comparsions as quicksort , that is , they produce the same decision tree .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture nine .
Lecture 10 : Search Trees ( continued )
This is the second lecture on search trees .
It discusses self - balancing trees , more specifically , red - black trees .
They balance themselves in such a manner that no matter what the input is , their height is always O( lg ( n ) ) .
Topics explained in lecture ten :
Balanced search trees .
Red - black trees .
Height of red - black trees .
Rotations in binary trees .
How to insert an element in a red - black tree ?
Insert - element algorithm for red - black trees .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture ten .
Lecture 11 : Augmenting Data Structures
The eleventh lecture explains how to build new data structures out of existing ones .
For example , how to build a data structure that you can update and query quickly for the i-th smallest element .
This is the problem of dynamic order statistics and an easy solution is to augment a binary tree , such as a red - black tree .
Another example is interval trees - how to quickly find an interval ( such as 5 - 9 ) that overlaps some other intervals ( such as 4 - 11 and 8 - 20 ) .
Topics explained in lecture eleven :
Dynamic order statistics .
Data structure augmentation .
Interval trees .
Augmenting red - black trees to have them perform as interval trees .
Correctness of augmented red - black tree data structure .
Augmenting data structures require a lot of creativity .
First you need to find an underlying data structure ( the easiest step ) and then think of a way to augment it with data to make it do what you want ( the hardest step ) .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture eleven .
Lecture 12 : Skip Lists
This lecture explains skip lists , which is a simple , efficient , easily implementable , randomized search structure .
It performs as well as a balanced binary search tree but is much easier to implement .
Eric
Demaine says he implemented it in 40 minutes before the class ( 10 minutes to implement and 30 to debug ) .
In this lecture Eric builds this data structure from scratch .
He starts with a linked list and builds up to a pair of linked lists , to three linked lists , until it finds the optimal number of linked lists needed to achieve logarithmic search time .
Next he continues to explain how to algorithmically build such a structure and proves that the search in this data structure is indeed quick .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture twelve .
Lecture 13 : Amortized Analysis
Amortized analysis is a technique to show that even if several operations in a sequence of operations are costly , the overall performance is still good .
A good example is adding elements to a dynamic list ( such as a list in Python ) .
Every time the list is full , Python has to allocate more space and this is costly .
Amortized analysis can be used to show that the average cost per insert is still O ( 1 ) , even though Python occasionally has to allocate more space for the list .
Topics explained in lecture thirteen :
How large should a hash table be ?
Dynamic tables .
Amortized analysis .
Accounting method of amortized analysis .
Dynamic table analysis with accounting method .
Potential method of amortized analysis .
Dynamic table analysis with potential method .
This is one of the most mathematically complicated lectures .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture thirteen .
Lecture 14 : Self - Organizing Lists and Competitive Analysis
This lecture concentrates on self - orginizing lists .
A self - organizing list is a list that reorders itself to improve the average access time .
The goal is to find a reordering that minimizes the total access time .
For example , each time an element is accessed , it 's moved to the front of the list , hoping that it might be accessed soon again .
This is called move - to - front heuristic .
Competitive analysis can be used to theoretically reason how well such a strategy as moving items to front performs .
Topics explained in lecture fourteen :
Self - organizing lists .
Online and offline algorithms
Worst - case analysis of self - organizing lists .
Competitive analysis .
Move - to - front heuristic for self - organizing lists .
Amortized cost of move - to - front heuristic .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture fourteen .
Lecture 15 : Dynamic Programming
This lecture is about the dynamic programming algorithm design technique .
It 's a tabular method ( involving constructing a table or some part of a table ) that leads to a much faster running time of the algorithm .
The lecture focuses on the longest common subsequence problem , first showing the brute force algorithm , then a recursive one , and finally a dynamic programming algorithm .
The brute force algorithm is exponential in the length of strings , the recursive one is also exponential , but the dynamic programming solution is O ( n·m ) where n is the length of one string , and m is the length of the other .
Topics explained in lecture fifteen :
The idea of dynamic programming .
Longest common subsequence problem ( LCS ) .
Brute force algorithm for LCS .
Analysis of brute - force algorithm .
Simplified algorithm for LCS .
Dynamic programming hallmark # 1 : optimal substructure .
Dynamic programming hallmark # 2 : overlapping subproblems .
Recursive algorithm for LCS .
Memoization .
Dynamic programming algorithm for LCS .
The most interesting thing in this lecture is the two hallmarks that indicate that the problem may be solved with dynamic programming .
They are " optimal substructure " and " overlapping subproblems " .
The first one means that an optimal solution to a problem contains the optimal solution to subproblems .
For example , if z = LCS ( x , y ) - z is the solution to the problem LCS ( x , y ) - then any prefix of z is a solution to LCS of a prefix of x and prefix of y ( prefix of z is a solution to subproblems ) .
The second one means exactly what it says , that the problem contains many overlapping subproblems .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture fifteen .
Lecture 16 : Greedy Algorithms
This lecture introduced greedy algorithms via the minimum spanning three problem .
The minimum spanning tree problem asks to find a tree that connects all the vertices of a graph with minimum edge weight .
It seems at first that dynamic programming solution could solve it effectively , but if analyzed more carefully , it can be noticed that the problem exhibits another powerful property -- the best solution to each of the subproblems leads to globally optimal solution .
Therefore it 's called greedy , it always chooses the best solution for subproblems without ever thinking about the whole problem in general .
Topics explained in lecture sixteen :
Review of graphs .
Graph representations .
Adjacency matrices .
Adjacency lists .
Sparse and dense graphs .
Hand shaking lemma .
Minimum spanning trees ( MSTs ) .
Hallmark for greedy algorithms : greedy choice property .
Prim 's algorithm for finding MST .
Running time analysis of Prim 's algorithm .
Idea of Kruskal 's algorithm for MSTs .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture sixteen .
Lecture 17 : Shortest Path Algorithms
This lecture starts a trilogy on shortest path algorithm .
In this first episode single - source shortest path algorithms are discussed .
The problem can be described as following -- how to get from one point on a graph to another by traveling the shortest distance ( think of a road network ) .
The Dijkstra 's algorithm solves this problem effectively .
Topics explained in lecture seventeen :
Paths in graphs .
Shortest paths .
Path weights .
Negative path weights .
Single - source shortest path .
Dijkstra 's algorithm .
Example of Dijkstra 's algorithm .
Correctness of Dijkstra 's algorithm .
Unweighted graphs .
Breadth First Search .
The most interesting thing here is that the Dijkstra 's algorithm for unweighted graphs reduces to breadth first search algorithm which uses a FIFO instead of a priority queue because there is no longer a need to keep track of the shortest distance ( all the paths have the same weight ) .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture seventeen .
Lecture 18 : Shortest Path Algorithms ( continued )
The second lecture in trilogy on shortest paths deals with single - source shortest paths that may have negative edge weights .
Bellman - Ford algorithm solves the shortest path problem for graphs with negative edges .
Topics explained in lecture eighteen :
Bellman - Ford algorithm for shortest paths with negative edges .
Negative weight cycles .
Correctness of Bellman - Ford algorithm .
Linear programming .
Linear feasibility problem .
Difference constraints .
Constraint graph .
Using Bellman - Ford algorithm to solve a system of difference constraints .
Solving VLSI ( very large scale integration ) layout problem via Bellman - Ford .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture eighteen .
Lecture 19 : Shortest Path Algorithms ( continued )
The last lecture in trilogy deals with all - pairs shortest paths problem -- determine of the shortest distances between every pair of vertices in a given graph .
Topics explained in lecture nineteen :
Review of single source shortest path problem .
All - pairs shortest paths .
Dynamic programming .
Idea from matrix multiplication .
Floyd - Warshall algorithm for all - pairs shortest paths .
Transitive closure of directed graph .
Johnson 's algorithm for all - pairs shortest paths .
An interesting point here is how the Floyd - Warshall algorithm that runs in O ( ( number of vertices ) 3 ) can be transformed into something similar to Strassen 's algorithm to compute the transitive closure of a graph ( now it runs in O ( ( number of vertices ) lg7 ) .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture nineteen .
Lecture 20 : Parallel Algorithms
This is an introductory lecture to multithreaded algorithm analysis .
It explains the terminology used in multithreaded algorithms , such as , work , critical path length , speedup , parallelism , scheduling , and others .
Topics explained in lecture twenty :
Dynamic multithreading .
Subroutines : spawn and sync .
Logical parallelism and actual parallelism .
Multithreaded computation .
An example of a multithreaded execution on a recursive Fibonacci algorithm .
Measuring performance of a multithreaded computation .
The concept of speedup .
Maximum possible speedup .
Linear speedup .
Super - linear speedup .
Parallelism .
Scheduling .
Greedy scheduler .
Grand and Brent theorem of competitiveness of greedy schedules .
* Socrates and Cilkchess chess programs .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture twenty .
Lecture 21 : Parallel Algorithms ( continued )
The second lecture on parallel algorithms shows how to design and analyze multithreaded matrix multiplication algorithm and multithreaded sorting .
Topics explained in lecture twenty - one :
Multithreaded algorithms .
Multithreaded matrix multiplication .
Performance analysis of the multithreaded matrix multiplication algorithm .
Multithreaded sorting .
Multithreaded merge - sort algorithm .
Parallel - merge subroutine .
Analysis of merge - sort with parallel - merge subroutine .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture twenty - one .
Lecture 22 : Cache Oblivious Algorithms
Cache - oblivious algorithms take into account something that has been ignored in all the algorithms so far , particularly , the cache .
An algorithm that can be transformed into using cache effectively will perform much better than a one that does n't .
This lecture is all about how to lay out data structures in memory in such a way that memory transfers are minimized .
Topics explained in lecture twenty - two :
Modern memory hierarchy .
The concept of spatial locality and temporal locality .
Two - level memory model .
Cache - oblivious algorithms .
Blocking of memory .
Memory transfers in a simple scanning algorithm .
Memory transfers in string - reverse algorithm .
Memory analysis of binary search .
Cache oblivious order statistics .
Cache oblivious matrix multiplication algorithm .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture twenty - two .
Lecture 23 : Cache Oblivious Algorithms ( continued )
This is the final lecture of the course .
It continues on cache oblivious algorithms and shows how to store binary search trees in memory so that memory transfers are minimized when searching in them .
It wraps up with cache oblivious sorting .
Topics explained in lecture twenty - three :
Static search trees .
Memory efficient layout of static binary search trees in memory .
Analysis of static search trees .
Cache aware sorting .
Cache - oblivious sorting .
Funnel sort .
K - funnel data structure .
This is the most complicated lecture in the whole course .
It takes a day to understand the k - funnel data structure .
Follow this link to the full review of lecture twenty - three .
That 's it .
This was the final lecture .
I hope you find this summary useful .
What 's next ?
Next , I 'll post my notes of MIT 's Linear Algebra course .
At first I thought I 'd post Linear Algebra to a separate blog section that does not appear in the RSS feed but then I gave it another thought and came to a conclusion that every competent programmer must know the linear algebra and therefore it 's worth putting them in the feed .
You can surely be a good programmer without knowing linear algebra , but if you want to work on great problems and make a difference , then you absolutely have to know it .
Stay tuned !
( Update : First lecture is up – Lecture 1 : The Geometry of Linear Equations . )
For the sequel to Star Trek , the writing team of Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman will be augmented by producer Damon Lindelof .
At the Star Trek DVD / Blu-ray launch party TrekMovie talked to Orci and Lindelof about the next Trek , getting a status update , thoughts on their approach and what research they are doing .
Bob also talked Fringe and Damon talked about the final season of Lost .
See video interview below
Bob and Damon Talks Star Trek sequel , Star Trek TV ( plus Fringe and Lost )
Video taken at the Star Trek Blu-ray / DVD Party
Highlights
Orci on Trek
On status of sequel : Star Trek script : team " will be having preliminary conversations on all the areas we are gravitating towards , then meditate over Christmas and hit the ground running in the new year "
script : team " will be having preliminary conversations on all the areas we are gravitating towards , then meditate over Christmas and hit the ground running in the new year "
Even though Abrams is now planning for Summer 2012 , Orci & Kurtzman " have time slotted " for Trek in early 2010 and could " maybe get it in early "
Orci is preparing for writing sequel by looking at " classic ( non- Trek ) great epic sci- fi stories " , including works of Arthur C. Clark , and " watching The Original Series again front to back "
again front to back "
On if Star Trek could work on TV again , Orci states : " I have to say yes …good stories are good stories and some of the stories in the Trek vault are the best stories around .
It is just a matter of the energy and the context of putting it in there . "
Orci would be interested in producing a new " Star Trek " TV show , but not being show - runner , agrees Manny Coto would be a good choice
Orci On Fringe :
X files reference in season two opener does not imply that the two shows share a universe , but ( joked ? ) a " crossover " could be done
Feel its OK to " alternate " with serious sci-fi stories and regular stories
Team now feel " braver " after they " let the cat out of the bag " on the two universes "
Bob Orci and wife Melissa Blake at the Star Trek DVD / Blu-ray release party
Lindelof on Trek
Lindelof on 2012 release notes " we would be hard pressed to get anything on screen for 2011 , if that is the case we better get to writing right now "
The team has " reached consensus " on the elapsed ( in universe ) time between Star Trek and the sequel , but they will not reveal that detail now
and the sequel , but they will not reveal that detail now Cites time setting of Bourne Ultimatum , which takes place party during the events of the previous film Bourne Identity as something he admires , noting " one of the things we like to do as story - tellers is drop you in the middle of something and the question you are asking yourself is ‘ where am I in relation to the last time I left these guys ?
Could this be something that pre-dated some of the adventures they had in the first movie ?
Does it happen five years later ?
Is it happening two seconds later ? ’
We are not going to tell you "
, which takes place party during the events of the previous film as something he admires , noting " one of the things we like to do as story - tellers is drop you in the middle of something and the question you are asking yourself is ‘ where am I in relation to the last time I left these guys ?
Could this be something that pre-dated some of the adventures they had in the first movie ?
Does it happen five years later ?
Is it happening two seconds later ? ’
We are not going to tell you "
To prepare for writing Star Trek sequel he has been looking at other sequels he loves , including Aliens and Mighty Joe Young ( 1949 film somewhat related to 1933 King Kong )
and ( 1949 film somewhat related to 1933 ) Notes : " There is something people come to expect from a sequel to a movie like this which is , bigger , badder , louder , more bad guys .
I think the idea of saying ‘ do we have to do that ?
Is there something else we can do that is off the beaten path ? ’
I do n’t know if this is going to be called ‘ Star Trek 2 ’ or ‘ Star Trek colon something ’
… We want to give the audience an experience that feels that it is not a sequel , in all the best ways "
Lindelof On Lost :
They have nine more episodes to write for Lost ’s final season
final season
The marketing strategy calls for there to be no previews before the season starts , but Lindelof " ca n’t unequivocally say we will hold the embargo up until the premiere "
Lindelof notes " even a single scene from the show would tip what we are doing this year , and what we are doing this year is different than what we have done in other years "
Does not expect to do more time travel , like they did in season 5
Damon Lindelof at the Star Trek DVD / Blu-ray release party
More Star Trek DVD / Blu-ray
Party video interviews coming up
Look for more interviews from the party from cast and crew of Star Trek .
Photo by Carla Van Wagoner
Star Trek available now
Review : Fairytale Fights
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Thursday , 5th of November 2009 - 07:11 PM ]
Well that is the very basic version of what is going on in Play Logic 's Fairytale Fights .
A fun little platformer game where no creature is safe from being hacked into little bits or crushed into pulp .
How does it size up ?
Well let me tell you .
Controls :
Looking at this game , you would think that it would be pretty much the same basic controls for any other game in its genre , which it is , to an extent .
The main deviation from the standards , move with stick and use buttons to attack and jump , is actually to the main bulk of the controls : the Attacking .
All of the attacks and combos for each character and weapon in the game are all controlled via one of the controller 's analog sticks .
One that you would normally feel right moving around the camera angles and all that .
This feature is an interesting attempt at innovation , but it also got very frustrating .
No it was n't that hard to get down the swing of using the stick for combat , but every now and then the old habit of trying to move the camera would have me reaching for the right analog stick .
Of course , most of the time this occurred while precariously balanced on a small ledge .
Then the character would swing because I was trying to move the camera , which then made them plummet to their death .
If this was not the case so often , this control scheme would have been a great new twist .
Graphics :
Plain and simple , the entire game is done in a cartoon and low grade graphics set up , as you can see from the surrounding screen shots .
That is n't bad at all .
This is especially true since there is a lot of blood and gore , which clings very well to everything , and I do mean everything .
This is part and partial to how well the Unreal engine handles liquids .
That , of course also lends to one of the other great visuals in this game , mixing fluids together in a smooth form .
Not like that you perv .
When you throw an acid bomb and it splashes into blood , one does n't over power the other .
They both stay visible and " mix " well .
Great little extra in the game and to show off a little bit , even though there were a few glitches that came with it .
Every so often , when blood covered everything , the edges of the pools and splashes would vanish and leave behind solid black blocks .
Like the edge shading and blending would loose the image that was suppose to be loaded and it would just place in a block place holder .
Not a bad thing , unless there is a lot of liquid on the screen and enemies rushing all around .
Everything gets lost quickly to the glitch that pops up here , including your character .
Just shows that while pushing the edge of the technology , there is still a ways to go to be perfect .
One last thing on visuals I want to touch on is the evisceration video that plays as you kill with a slashing weapon .
You can see an image of what I 'm talking about above .
Any way , it is cool every now and then to see the enemies get slashed to pieces , but its placement could have been a bit better placed .
At least when playing with multiple players .
It overlays on the screen and the action does not stop .
If one of your buddies or even two of your buddies do one of these kills , the screen gets completely covered with the animation and all the others still alive get to keep cutting you up .
I died quite a few times because I was moving toward an enemy near an edge and one of these popped up and obscured my view leaving me falling yet again .
Just like the camera angles , these could have been better placed to lessen frustration and frivolous suicides on the end of players .
Cool in concept , just not done properly .
Audio :
Just as I expected when I picked up the game and placed it in , the audio for the game is very " Disney " and Fantasy like .
This is excluding the slicing and weaponry clashing sounds .
That is , all of the background noise and level noises in general are very sing - song like , just like you walked into a Fairytale .
Surprising , I know .
The only time this theme is disturbed in the game is when it comes to all the violent sounds added in .
Once again not too surprising .
What is interesting is that Play Logic totally missed on the opportunity to have the actors from their commercials to actually do the voice work for the characters in the game .
In fact , there is no voice work in the game at all , outside of the basic SIMs type of voice work .
Although there is a spliced - in piece of voicing mixed in every now and then , but they seemed to have missed out on a great opportunity for voice acting .
Also unfortunately , just like the graphics , there is also a random glitch that would pop up during or before a boss fight .
A glitch that made the entire game sound like a very bad Prodigy song on repeat .
Picture a random bass beat playing over and over with a very choppy MP3 of monster roars .
It forces you turn the volume down for the fight and then force a reset of the game to fix .
Just another thing that was not intended as I was able to play the fights without the glitch as well .
It just could have used a bit more polishing .
Gameplay :
The best way to look at this game it as if LittleBigPlanet and Smash Bros .
got together and had a very bloody baby .
It is part platformer and part slash the hell out of each other and everything around you until there is a pool of blood .
It 's a nice little hybrid of the two that leads to some interesting gameplay .
It balances the two of these almost perfectly too .
During the game you would get hit with what seemed like an endless wave of things to kill .
Just when you think you can't take anymore , a platform only level is thrown at you to bring it back to that style of play .
Then you would see a level where both elements are perfectly balanced .
The only drawback to that is that when it was balanced , levels seemed to go on for way too long .
But this was generally only done in the build up for a huge boss fight .
Overview / Final Words :
This game had a very fun and twisted view on some of the old classic fairytale characters that have been idolized for ages .
Something that I really enjoyed because it really can't be happily ever after all the time .
Not to mention that some of the stories originated in darker and twisted themes that then were " Disney " ized .
That and who does n't like seeing a Crazed Snow White killing bunnies with a carrot ?
Honestly .
I will say that unless you plan on getting every achievement / trophy for this game , it is better off as a rent then anything .
One good play through and a few arena battles and you can pretty much have enjoyed everything the game has to offer up .
If only you could change the story as it goes along , then it would be good for multiple play throughs .
That is unless you fall under the aforementioned category of achievement whores .
There are loads of hidden items and things to do in the game that if you are a collector of these things , then you will have days of enjoyment and plays for the game .
In fact to get all of the achievements / trophies , you have to play through the game on each mode by yourself and then with a friend or three .
But outside of that , the replay is a little low here but worth at least one solid romp through the twisted fairytale lands .
News from The Department of Geek Things You Didn't Even KNOW There Were Records For :
A team of professors from Kent State University , Case Western Reserve University and the University of Michigan have set a new world record for packing the most tetrahedra into a given volume .
According to the announcement from Kent State , " The researchers were able to obtain the highest packing fraction of 85.03 , meaning tetrahedra fill 85.03 percent of the volume of the container .
This shattered the previous record of 78.2 percent set by two Princeton University researchers in August 2009 . "
Now , should you wonder about the real world ramifications of this – beyond , of course , the awesome bragging rights and celebratory T - shirt possibilities – KSU Liquid Crystal Institute associate director Peter Palffy - Muhoray explains that " Applications are far - ranging , including high - resolution imaging useful for microscopy in medicine and materials science .
This new packing method could enable the production of new kinds of materials , useful for computer chips , building materials and fabrics . "
And for geeks of a certain stripe , there 's this brief but noteworthy recollection from mathematical sciences assistant professor Xiaoyu Zheng : " We carried out experiments here at Kent State using tetrahedral dice to see how densely we could pack them . "
That 's right :
They made the lowly 1d4 into a World Freaking Record .
Their detailed findings are in the Dec. 10 issue of Nature in an article called Disordered , quasicrystalline and crystalline phases of densely packed tetrahedra .
A British radio presenter has been sacked after he pulled the plug on Queen Elizabeth II 's traditional Christmas Day speech , telling listeners it was " boring " .
Tom Binns has lost his job at Birmingham radio station BRMB after a number of listeners complained over his interruption of the monarch 's traditional December 25 broadcast to Britain and the Commonwealth .
" Two words : Bor-ring , " he said on air as he stopped the broadcast , before quipping " from one Queen to another ... " as he put on Last Christmas by pop duo Wham , featuring openly gay singer George Michael .
Binns explained that the incident occurred after the Queen 's Speech - a decades - old tradition still watched by millions of Britons and others every year - came on at a point when he had expected a regular news bulletin .
" I was working on my own on Christmas Day , I 'd even had to let myself into the studio .
After the guy before me finished , we should have taken the news from Sky , and then my show would start , " he said .
" But instead of the news , we got the Queen 's speech .
I knew it should n't be there , but having never heard it before , I did n't know how long it was going to go on for .
" I 'm not trained to make editorial decisions , but I decided to get rid of it and make a joke .
I said , ' Two words : bor-ring ' .
" I then went into an old riff about how people say the Royal Family are good for tourism , but the French beheaded theirs and people still visit France , " before cueing up the Wham song , he said .
He added that one listener got really angry , " he sent me a message saying I should be sent to Basra and hoped I 'd get killed by a roadside bomb ... but other than that almost all the texts we received were in support of what I 'd done . "
The radio station 's parent company , the Orion Media Group program , said the DJ 's comments were " inappropriate " , adding : " We do not condone what he said in any way , whether said in jest or not .
" Tom will now not be featuring again on our radio stations , " said its program and marketing director David Lloyd .
Binns added : " Nobody would have tuned in to hear the Queen 's speech ; and I tried to deal with it in a funny way .
After all , they employ comedians to make jokes . "
- AFP
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Pee - Wee Herman 's ready for a comeback -- and he 's starting in Los Angeles with a stage play .
" I 'm opening a big show in January -- ' The Pee - Wee Herman Show ' -- based on my original stage production , but completely new and rewritten , " Herman , played by creator Paul Reubens , said .
The play could lead to a national tour and maybe another Pee - Wee Herman movie , show producer Scott Sanders told CNN .
" I 'm crossing all my fingers and toes that after Los Angeles , I 'll get Pee - Wee to say yes , that he 'll go and do this elsewhere , " Sanders said .
The stage show will include all the characters from Pee - Wee 's Playhouse -- his CBS television series -- including Chairry , Genie , Conky , Magic Screen , Miss Yvonne and Cowboy Curtis , Herman said .
" People are going to see a brand new show , full of incredible , incredible puppets , characters , live action , costumes , a plot , music , Club Nokia , " he said .
Club Nokia is the downtown Los Angeles venue where the show will run for four weeks , starting on January 12 .
Reubens has rarely appeared in his child - like Pee - Wee persona since 1991 , when he was arrested on an indecent exposure charge in a Florida theater .
The character , initially created for an adult alternative comedy audience in 1980 , became a big hit with kids because of two movies and a Saturday - morning CBS show that ran for six years .
It was canceled after his arrest .
Director Alex Timbers , who grew up watching Pee - Wee Herman , thinks the new show will appeal to all ages .
" He 's the impulsive character who will do what you 're feeling inside , " Timbers said .
Sanders suggested parents could safely bring children 10 and older to see Pee - Wee .
" It would be rated PG if it were a movie , " he said .
" Pee - Wee 's got a lot of mischief in him and he 's subversive , but he 's also kind and warm and loving , " Sanders said .
All of the original actors from the TV show will reprise their roles for the stage play , except for Laurence Fishburne , who played Cowboy Curtis .
Fishburne , who has won Emmys and was nominated for an Oscar since his Pee - Wee 's Playhouse days , is busy portraying Dr. Raymond Langston in the CSI TV series , Sanders said .
But Herman did call Fishburne to get his approval to hire another actor for the part , he said .
" Just before he hung up , Laurence said to Pee Wee , ' But listen , if you decide you 're going to do another movie , I 'll get that Jheri curl out and I 'll be there for Cowboy Curtis , " Sanders said .
In fact , a new movie has been rumored , but Pee Wee Herman was coy when asked about it .
" A movie could be in the cards , " Herman said .
" Do you know something I do n't know ? "
But there is no question he has high expectations for his show .
" I hope the whole world , and people on the moon , and Mars and all over the universe get to see me , not just the people on Earth , " Herman said .
" I do n't want to be limited to just Earth . "
At the KOffice meeting in Oslo the Krita team had a meeting to put the finishing touches to an ambitious plan .
On hearing about it the Dot managed to lure two of the Krita developers in a separate room to question them and find out what was going on .
Nobody got seriously hurt in the process .
We spoke with Krita developers Boudewijn Rempt and Lukáš Tvrdý .
Variety of Sumi-e brushes by Lukáš Variety of Sumi-e brushes by Luká š
User Experience
Jos : I sensed some excitement from the Krita developers , what do you guys have in store ?
Boudewijn :
Well , we realized while working on Krita 2.1 that it was getting to that point where an end user could basically work with it .
So we were looking for the next challenge .
Lukáš :
It was about that time when I got in contact with David Revoy .
He 's the concept artist who has been working with the Blender team on Project Durian : their latest open source movie project .
I asked him for his opinions on Krita to get some feedback from a professional .
I like for people to use my applications , and David has plenty of experience with various tools like the Gimp and MyPaint .
His opinions seemed very valuable to me for making Krita ready for actual users .
Jos : And ?
Did he have experience with Krita ?
Lukáš :
Yes , actually , he had tried it a while ago .
It did n't work for him , even though he liked our interface a lot .
The main issue was not really the lack of great features and tools but the slowness of the painting .
Boudewijn :
But he was willing to provide us with feedback on the issues he bumped into .
So that 's when we decided we should put a strong focus on getting Krita ready for him .
If he can work comfortably with Krita , so will many other users , both casual users and professionals ...
Challenge
Lukáš :
That was a challenging goal , but also very exciting .
I had been working on a bunch of cool brushes , using the tablet I 've been loaned after a previous fundraiser and I thought I could shift my focus a bit .
Boudewijn :
Yes , but frankly , the issues David bumped into would need more than a few casual hours a week to fix them properly .
The speed issues for example need deep changes in the code .
This could take a long time especially with Krita and KOffice being a moving target all the time .
Lukáš :
So I mentioned to the team that since I 'll have a slow period the first three months of the year I might be able to spend a serious amount of time on this .
In 3 months I could certainly fix the performance and usability issues David encountered .
Pledge
Boudewijn :
But of course Lukáš would have to find a job to be able to pay his bills - after all , he 's a student .
So we decided it was worth it to try and raise money to let Lukáš work on Krita full - time for three months !
Krita Art Krita Art
Jos :
So that 's the plan - raise money and get Lukáš to work on Krita full - time ?
Boudewijn : exactly .
Cyrille Berger will go and meet David Revoy next week to talk about the issues in Krita .
David has agreed to help us get Krita to the point where a professional like him can use it comfortably .
It 'd be really cool if for example the Blender artists can use Krita for their next piece of art !
Lukáš :
This is only possible because we 've been focussing on fixing bugs and improving stability in KOffice so much lately ...
By restraining ourself to that instead of working on new cool features , we 've created something which is usable .
But this brings out the performance issues and missing functionality .
Lots of work ahead
Boudewijn : With David 's help we have made a specific list of tasks to be accomplished , with a timeline .
We 'll of course run the results by David every now and then .
Lukáš will know exactly what he 's supposed to do and in 40 - 80 hours a week he can get them done .
Lukáš : wait , 80 hours ?
We did n't talk about ...
Boudewijn :
Do n't worry , if you do n't manage to finish a target during the week , the weekend has another 48 hours !
Lukáš :
Well , hum .
Anyway , we have a realistic plan .
We 'll start on the performance issues , the fixes for that should make it into the KOffice 2.3 release .
Then 4 months later , the 2.4 release will contain the usability and feature improvements - all of this should be in the hands of the users around the end of August or September .
Jos : Next year ?!?
Boudewijn : Hence the 80 hours .
Lukáš :
It is doable .
I 'm not alone , the other Krita developers will of course continue working on various other improvements as well .
Boudewijn :
And we know what Lukáš can do , he 's very good .
He has shown that in the earlier summer of code projects and his work with the tablet support , the new brushes , 3D cursors and the infinite canvas .
You can look up the code if you like .
Jos : Sounds good .
So where does the money come from ?
I 've seen Lukáš eat ...
Boudewijn : Hehe ...
Well he lives in the Slovak Republic .
Life 's not that expensive over there .
We aim to raise about 2000 - 3000 euros .
And the Krita team has decided to put a bit of personal money in as well .
If we manage to raise more money , it 'll be used for sponsoring Lukáš for a longer period .
Jos :
So this is really a team plan ?
Boudewijn :
Yes , absolutely , everybody 's on board here .
We all see this as a great opportunity to raise the bar for Krita and move to the next level .
For us it is about enabling a team member to work on a specific set of improvements full time to the benefit of the whole product .
The money raising will probably have to be an ongoing effort but I think the community will help us out here .
Lukáš : yeah , everyone really wants to do this .
The other team members can can continue to work on the cool things they have been working on , I 'll be doing this as if it 's a job - do the boring optimizing and usability work .
It 'll still be a lot more fun than getting a random student job around here for three months ...
Boudewijn :
And it 's good for his resume , I suppose .
Why donate ?
Jos :
So , sum it up for us , why should the community support the Krita team with this plan ?
Lukáš :
If you want to use krita on a professional level !
Boudewijn :
It is cheaper than a licence of Corel Painter .
Not that I would object to any donations the size of a Corel Painter license ...
Will code for food !
Will code for food !
Boudewijn :
And it can fill in a gap in the Free Software world .
MyPaint is here for quick sketching , and Gimp is real good at image manipulation but we do n't have a good digital painting appliation with all the features artists need .
We have been working on this many years and we 're close - this is the chance for the big leap forwards .
If you care about this , a donation will make a big difference .
We can do this !
Jos : Sounds like a plan .
Thanks for the interview and of course for the work on KOffice and Krita !
You 've all read it , go on to the Donations page and help make Free Software provide a real alternative for digital artists !
Be sure to notify others and spread the word ...
Read more on the Krita site .
LEGAL DISCLAIMER : This page is for informational purposes only .
If you are seeking legal advice or representation , please contact attorney or our office at 877-422-4454 .
No results are guaranteed , and prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome .
Pursuant to Labor Code Section 5432 ( a ) , making a false or fraudulent workers ' compensation claim is a felony subject to up to 5 years in prison or a fine of up to $ 50,000 or double the value of the fraud , whichever is greater , or by both imprisonment and fine ..
Henderson Work Injury Law Corp represents
Employees injured at work and he is not a member of WORKLAW NETWORK .
Boffins in Minnesota have a message for young adults : sleeping around is OK .
Your prospects in terms of psychological health should you indulge in casual flings are every bit as good as they would be if you bizarrely chose to waste your wild - oats years in one or more doleful and ultimately doomed monogamous relationships .
According to Marla E Eisenberg and her colleagues at Minnesota uni :
Speculation in public discourse suggests that sexual encounters outside a committed romantic relationship may be emotionally damaging for young people , and federal abstinence education policy has required teaching that sexual activity outside of a marital relationship is likely to have harmful psychological consequences .
Au contraire , say the researchers - a few notches on the bedpost achieved in one 's salad days will do no harm at all .
Having surveyed 1,311 Minnesotan youngsters whose average age was 20.5 during 2003 - 04 , they found no evidence that the odd fling leads to psychological problems whatsoever .
" Young adults engaging in casual sexual encounters do not appear to be at increased risk for harmful psychological outcomes compared to those in more committed relationships , " says Eisenberg .
The study did appear to refer to so - called " friends with benefits " cheery consequence - free shagging among likeminded sorts who already know each other socially , as opposed to more risky practices such as simply picking up sailors on the docks .
Also , Eisenberg did offer a note of caution .
" This should not minimize the legitimate threats to physical well - being associated with casual sexual relationships , and the need for such messages in sexuality education programs , " she adds .
Or , freely paraphrased , you wo n't ( or anyway , need n't ) feel cheap or worthless and end up dead inside if you occasionally have a bit of meaningless fun , but there is the risk of a nasty / fatal dose of Cupid 's measles - so chastity is optional but condoms are not .
Eisenberg and her colleagues ' new paper , Casual Sex and Psychological Health Among Young Adults : Is Having " Friends with Benefits " Emotionally Damaging ?
appears in this month 's issue of Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health . ®
My Australian Secret Santa sent off a very nice 8 gig flash drive with a handmade case , preloaded with the Hannibal Lector Boxset , as well as a Top Gear best of special .
Many
Thanks to my Australian Redditor !!!
P.S. Where he is located is pretty much the exact opposite side of the world from me .
Ca n't get much closer unless he was on a ship .
http://www.antipodr.com/?addr=Saint+Anne+Il+60964&x=220&y=19
Vesper was developed over the course of almost three years .
For this article , I ’ve divided the process into two stages : # 1 during my studies at the University of Reading ; and # 2 After Reading .
Hopefully through this highly - condensed - yet - still - rather - wordy account of this project you will learn some interesting bits regarding my first major type family , the design process , and the MATD program .
Part 1 – During the University of Reading ’s MATD Program
Vesper began as my practical project while attending the MA in Typeface Design ( MATD ) program at the University of Reading ( 2006–07 ) .
The course began in October and by November we were all sketching letters and trying to form concepts for our typefaces .
Some were off and running quickly , others took some time to find their way .
I was the latter .
For months I struggled with one horrible idea after another — you would probably be shocked to see many of my early drawings .
My personal breakthrough came in the form of Fiona Ross ’ north Indic workshop .
This three day event sparked in me a strong interest in Devanagari and non-Latin typography .
I decided to add a complementary Devanagari design to my type family and then began intensely practicing Devanagari lettering and calligraphy .
These experiments directly inspired many of Vesper ’s key stylistic features , as you will see below .
Beyond simply influencing this project , my new - found passion for non-Latin typography has become a cornerstone of my interest in type design , research , and Mota Italic .
I owe a major ‘ Thank You ’ to Fiona Ross for this .
The Regular Weight
The majority of development time at Reading was spent working the regular .
More than any other weight or style , the regular is used the most and defines the feeling of the whole family .
Finding the overall direction for the design was by far the most difficult part — especially defining how elements such as the curves and angles worked .
But once I found the right path , progress was slow yet steady — rather uneventful actually .
Most of my decisions about basic proportions , extender lengths , cap height , the amount of contrast , etc. , were made intuitively .
I used my eyes and personal preferences to decide , rather than measuring and comparing my design to other typefaces .
The Devanagari
Beginning a non-Latin script , or a non-native writing system , is a serious enough topic for a whole separate article .
But briefly : after my jump - start from Fiona ’s workshop , I continued practicing lettering on my own and by making use of the university ’s significant typographic non-Latin collections .
The two key factors in successfully approaching a complex project such as this were time and access to useful materials .
I was able to spend countless hours consulting the libraries and archives in Reading and London where I examined old books , magazines , and newspapers ; as well as studying font specimens and many items from Fiona ’s personal collection .
Reading also has a built - in support environment of advisors and friends who are both helpful and encouraging when starting a project like this .
Heavy and Italic
Bold weights are generally pretty closely related to the regular weight , but they can still have some variation .
Vesper ’s heavy is fairly straightforward ; it ’s a much fatter regular , featuring a higher stroke contrast .
Italics , on the other hand , can be radically different from the upright versions .
It ’s a challenge to find the right balance for the regular and italic : how similar or distinct should they be , while also neither being too conservative nor too extreme .
Taking these challenges into consideration , I made many versions for the italic and spent a good deal of time before adopting the appropriate style and feel .
A common misconception about the MATD program is that students finish with complete typefaces — this could not be further from the truth .
In my case , the regular weight was fairly complete ; the Devanagari and heavy designs were decent ( having a few hundred characters each ) , but the italic only had a lowercase and a sloped ( and barely adjusted ) set of capitals .
One of the tiniest aspects of the heavy and italic that has gotten some attention is the various ‘ dots ’ ( i- & j - dots , period , comma , dieresis , dot accent , quote marks , etc… ) .
They are interesting because as the weights change , the dots rotate and move into new positions .
The ‘ diamond ’ shape is another crossover from Devanagari where its dots ( the nukta and anusvara ) are traditionally in a similar style .
However , I felt the diamond dots were a little too distracting while reading large amounts of text .
To counter this effect the dots were rotated to a more neutral , horizontal position in the light and regular weights which tones them down .
Then as the emphasis gets dialled up , the dots stand up as well !
Part 2 – After Reading
The amount of work to be done or redone after finishing the MATD course was astounding .
Over the course of the next two years I redefined the character set ( doubling the language support and glyph count ) , redrew the heavy and italic from scratch , then added additional weights and styles .
Re-Drawing the Heavy and Italic
After some time away from the designs , it was much easier to see some of the issues and evaluate how to change the heavy and italic .
During my studies , there were some aspects of these designs that just did n’t seem right , or that I did n’t have the time or expertise to correct .
Once I got back to work , it was actually quicker and more precise to simply redraw these two styles from scratch , rather than to adjust the old files .
This sample shows some comparison between the old and new versions .
Heavy Italic
Bold / heavy italic is usually fun as a design , but not always such a joy to draw .
This master in Vesper was deceptively difficult to get right .
The main drawing happened in only a few days ; but then the cleaning up , refining and getting all the nodes in just the right places took several extra weeks .
The Light Weights
The light masters were added later , somewhat as an after - thought .
The regular weight was always intended to be strong and robust with a dark ( printed ) color .
However , after considering a wider range of potential font users , I decided to include a slightly finer version .
The light helps extend the scope of the family for when you need something a little more delicate , and permits a few extra words per page .
Contextual Alternates
Throughout this process I learned that good spacing and kerning go a long way to making a design smooth and even , but there will always be difficult combinations .
Particularly with serif designs , there will be both dark spots from letters touching ; and large white gaps from them being too far apart .
This is where Vesper ’s most interesting feature comes in : contextual alternates .
I spent a great amount of time looking at all the problematic letter combinations and came up with many alternates to help .
There are over a hundred additional characters ( including accented versions ) that get automatically substituted in certain letter sequences .
They are only subtly modified from the default shapes , but they can still make dramatic changes to the text .
The key was to adjust the serif lengths and the angles of diagonal strokes in order to separate the individual letters by a fraction .
This not only resolves most dark spots caused by collisions , but it also aids in reading by helping to identify each character more easily .
Vesper for the Web
The latest step in Vesper ’s development is to make it more useful for on - screen reading .
This was not an initial goal of the design , but it has shown to work pretty well .
We are at this very moment adding some intricate TT hinting to all the weights — this helps to make it even more clear and comfortable for use on the Web .
It ships as .
TTF OpenType fonts and is embeddable directly on your server .
The updated packages will also include . woff , .eot , and .svg formats for all your embedding needs .
These should all be available by the end of the year .
The Future of Vesper
Please feel free to let us know what you think of Vesper .
We have many plans for future expansions , including sans serif versions , optical sizes , and further language support .
Feedback from customers , friends , and critics is always appreciated — we are always happy to hear your input !
Moving to quell the uproar over the return of big paydays on Wall Street , Goldman Sachs announced on Thursday that its top executives would forgo cash bonuses this year and that it would give shareholders a say in determining compensation .
With a resurgent Goldman set to award billions of dollars in bonuses  a trove that could rival the record payouts of the bubble years  the bank said that its 30 most - senior executives would be paid in the form of a special stock , rather than in cash .
Goldman said that it would also let its shareholders vote on its executives ’ pay , although the decision would be nonbinding .
A year after Washington rescued the nation ’s financial industry with billions of taxpayer dollars , Goldman is enjoying one of the most profitable years in its 140 - year history .
Its bonanza  fostered by its own government bailout , as well as the rescue of the broader financial system  has angered the many ordinary Americans who are still waiting for an economic recovery .
A group of climate activists staged a demonstration in the City of London today to protest against carbon trading as a " false solution " to climate change .
Around 15 people set up tents outside the European Climate Exchange building in Bishopsgate , to coincide with the start of the crucial climate change conference in Copenhagen .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One of the activists said : " Carbon trading is part of the false solution being put forward in Copenhagen by the same people who brought us the financial crisis . "
Speaking at Afghanistan ’s Foreign Ministry today , US Ambassador Karl Eikenberry sought to assure top diplomats that the war in Afghanistan would continue for a long time after 2011 .
Though Ambassador and retired General Eikenberry was seen at the forefront of the opposition to the latest escalation and an advocate of an exit strategy , he insisted today that the military commitment to Afghanistan “ wo n’t end or decline ” and that the July 2011 date was “ flexible . ”
In a separate radio interview , Eikenberry insisted that the US had a “ long - term partnership ” with Afghanistan would continue for decades and that what was being sold to the American public as a “ withdrawal ” was really the seeds of a stronger , longer term partnership .
Though polls show the American public turning clearly against the continuation of the conflict , administration officials seem determined to convince their Afghan subordinates that the war is still open - ended , even as they tell Americans that it is winding down .
The CISA Certified Information Systems Auditor All - In - One Exam Guide , published by Osborne McGraw - Hill , is now available in bookstores and from online merchants .
Written by Peter H. Gregory , this book is largest and most complete study guide available for the CISA ( Certified Information Systems Auditor ) professional certification .
Prior to Osborne McGraw - Hill ’s decision to publish this book , the other study guides that were available are shorter and contain less detail .
This difference is key for IT professionals who are studying for the CISA certification , which places high demands on the exam taker to be able to recall many details and specifications about information technology , key business processes , and IT auditing .
Despite its title , CISA Certified Information Systems Audit All - In - One Exam Guide is structured and designed to also be a desk reference for early - and mid-career security auditors and security specialists who need a reliable , easily - consumed reference guide for key information technologies and IT auditing practices .
The book contains two chapters that go beyond the CISA study material and include lengthy discussions of professional IT auditing and security and governance frameworks .
“ The availability of this study guide represents a big step forward for IT professionals who are studying for the CISA exam and those who have IT security and audit responsibilities , ” states Peter H. Gregory .
“ The IT industry has waited a long time for an All - In - One guide for this popular certification , ” he adds , citing the enormous popularity of the CISSP All - In - One Study Guide that is written by Shon Harris and considered the best CISSP guide available .
About Peter H. Gregory
Peter Gregory , CISA , CISSP , DRCE is the author of twenty books on security and technology and has been a technical editor for twenty additional books on security and technology .
He has over 25 years of experience in virtually every role in Business IT departments , including work in government , banking , non-profit , telecommunications and on - demand financial software businesses .
Gregory is on the board of advisors and the lead instructor for the University of Washington certificate program in information security , and a lecturer at the NSA - certified University of Washington Certificate Program in Information Assurance & Cybersecurity .
He is also on the Board of Directors for the Evergreen State Chapter of InfraGard , and the Executive Steering Board for the SecureWorld Expo Conference in Seattle .
A founding member of the Pacific CISO Forum , Mr. Gregory is a graduate of the FBI Citizens ’ Academy and active in the FBI Citizens ’ Academy Alumni Association .
About ISACA ®
With more than 86,000 constituents in more than 160 countries , ISACA ® ( www.isaca.org) is a leading global provider of knowledge , certifications , community , advocacy and education on information systems assurance and security , enterprise governance of IT , and IT - related risk and compliance .
Founded in 1969 , ISACA sponsors international conferences , publishes the ISACA ® Journal , and develops international information systems auditing and control standards .
It also administers the globally respected Certified Information Systems Auditor™ ( CISA® ) , Certified Information Security Manager® ( CISM ® ) and Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT ® ( CGEIT ® ) designations .
ISACA developed and continually updates the COBIT® , Val IT ™ and Risk IT frameworks , which help IT professionals and enterprise leaders fulfill their IT governance responsibilities and deliver value to the business .
CISA Certified Information Systems Auditor All - In - One Study Guide by Peter H. Gregory ; McGraw - Hill ; October 2009 ; Hardback ; $ 79.99 ; 10 : 0071487557 ; 13 : 978-0071487559
“ All - in - One is All You Need . ”
Republican Secretary of State defied federal election law
Hundreds of thousands of voters likely to benefit from settlement ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon
12/2/2009 , 10:32 am PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) has won a substantive victory on behalf of the voters of Ohio --- perhaps hundreds of thousands of them --- via a court case filed in 2006 , challenging a number of voter suppression tactics employed by the state 's then Sec. of State , J. Kenneth Blackwell ( R ) .
The victory may lead to the enfranchisement of " hundreds of thousands of voting - eligible low - income Ohioans " according to one of the attorneys involved in the case , yet it looks like Fox " News " , Matt Drudge , and all of the other Rightwingers may have forgotten to post a thank you note to ACORN this week for their successful battle to strengthen the growth of democracy in the U.S ....
In September 2006 , ACORN filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court alleging that Blackwell and officials from Ohio's Department of Job and Family Services ( DJFS ) had systematically violated the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 ( NVRA ) , which Act , by its express terms , was intended to " increase the number of eligible citizens who register to vote in elections for Federal office , " " protect the integrity of the electoral process , " and " ensure that accurate and current voter registration rolls are maintained . "
Specifically , the lawsuit , Harkless v. Blackwell , which later became , Harkless v. Brunner , alleged Blackwell and officials from the DJFS violated Section 7 of the Act which mandates that state agencies which " provide public assistance " furnish voter registration forms , assist in their preparation and accept completed applications .
Per the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeal [ PDF ] :
A 2005 survey conducted by ACORN revealed that only 3 out of 103 people exiting a DJFS office were offered a form asking whether they wanted to register to vote .
Between 2002 and 2004 , DJFS offices for rural counties with relatively small populations registered far more voters than urban counties with larger populations and more people living at or below the poverty line .
In the same time period , DJFS offices in 10 counties failed to register a single voter , DJFS offices in 17 counties registered fewer than 10 voters , and DJFS offices in 32 counties registered fewer than 100 voters .
The suit , initially dismissed by the District Court , was reinstated by the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeal on Oct. 28 , 2008 , following ACORN 's appeal .
The Sixth Circuit decision was issued after the U.S. Department of Justice filed a brief [ PDF ] in which it agreed that the District Court decision was unsound .
On Monday , the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights , issued a press release in which it announced a settlement which their co-counsel , Lisa Danetz , estimates will lead to the registration of " hundreds of thousands of voting - eligible low - income Ohioans " .
The Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights reported that as a result of the settlement , " the provision of voter registration services will be institutionalized within the office procedures at county DJFS offices , and both the SOS [ Secretary of State ] and ODJFS will make sure such services are provided . "
This will include ...
-- A notice of the availability of voter registration and a voter registration application will be integrated within each agency 's benefits forms ; -- The provision of voter registration , and its details , will be incorporated into the ODJFS statewide computer system used by all frontline caseworkers ; -- The state will implement an extensive and regular training program for those employees with voter registration responsibilities ; --
There will be regular reporting and monitoring of important data from the statewide computer system , county boards of elections and county DJFS offices ; --
The SOS will conduct at least 20 unannounced spot checks of local agencies each year ; -- Both the SOS and ODJFS will follow up with counties whose local agencies appear not to be providing voter registration services ; -- ODJFS will conduct a regular review of voter registration services , using the same mechanisms that it employs to oversee the local provision of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( formerly food stamps ) ; and , To broaden voter registration among low - income residents , the SOS will designate the Department of Veterans Affairs , in its administration of medical services and services for homeless veterans , as a voter registration agency .
The SOS will also work with the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction to encourage voter registration among recently released offenders .
There is an intriguing irony .
Where the Right has gone out of its way to smear ACORN , it turns out that it was the government , under the control of a Republican Secretary of State , which had violated U.S. election law . *
Where the District Court had based its dismissal , in part , on ACORN 's alleged lack of standing because ACORN was not allegedly damaged by Blackwell 's violations of federal election law , the Sixth Circuit noted that ACORN had suffered a loss because it was forced to expend funds on voter registration activities that it would not have expended had Blackwell and the DJFS complied with federal election laws ; that ACORN's Ohio members were directly injured by those violations .
Still waiting for DRUDGE or Fox " News " to splash the headline .
But perhaps it would be unwise for me to hold my breath until they do .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : unicode- symbols -0.1.1
Hello , I would like the announce the release of my package unicode - symbols : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/unicode-symbols
It offers alternative symbols for a number of common functions and operators from the base and containers packages .
When used in combination with the language extension UnicodeSyntax you can write really nice code .
The only thing missing is a nice λ symbol .
The documentation on hackage should be pretty self explanatory .
For each symbol the documentation gives its exact definition .
The source code however , probably due to a bug in hscolour , is totally unreadable .
To view the sources simply download the package and use a text editor .
I tried to be conservative with the choice of unicode symbols .
I have defined the division sign ( ÷ ) to be ( / ) .
But it could just as well be defined as ' div ' .
I do not know what would be the logical choice .
Another choice that could lead to some discussion is the definition of ( ⊂ ) to be ' Data. Set.isProperSubsetOf ' and ( ⊆ ) to be ' Data .
Set.isSubsetOf ' .
An alternative choice would be to have ( ⊊ ) for ' isProperSubsetOf ' and ( ⊂ ) for ' isSubsetOf ' .
I choose the former because it is more symmetrical with ( <) and ( ≤ ) .
This package was inspired by unicode - prelude from Péter Diviánszky : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/unicode-prelude
Regards , Roel van Dijk
Ohio State students are just a few hours ( or so ) away from the annual Mirror Lake swim where they ’ll pray on a Bible to not get a STD from one of Ohio ’s greatest cesspools .
Swimming in Mirror Lake always takes place the Thursday night before the Michigan game .
It ’s known as a huge drunk - fest where freshman dorks can actually come to the middle of campus and see some bare boobies .
Thursday ’s forecast in Columbus ?
Rain , low 40s .
Since we ’re still pretty much like a geeky freshman at heart , we compiled the “ 11 Greatest Photo Moments In Ohio State Mirror Lake History . ”
Have an image we need to add to this post ?
Send them in .
[ email protected ]
Note : this is not seasonally adjusted .
There is a very distinct seasonal pattern for imports , but not for exports .
Sometimes port traffic gives us an early hint of changes in the trade deficit .
The following graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Loaded inbound traffic was 14.7 % below October 2008 .
Loaded outbound traffic was 1.0 % above October 2008 .
There was a clear recovery in U.S. exports earlier this year ; however exports have been mostly flat since May .
This year will be the 3rd best year for export traffic at LA area ports , behind 2007 and 2008 .
For imports , traffic is below the October 2003 level , and 2009 will be the weakest year for import traffic since 2002 .
Note : Imports usually peak in the August through October period ( as retailers import goods for the holidays ) and then decline in November .
The lack of further export growth to Asia is discouraging ...
On imports - last year retailers were stuck with too much inventory ( the supply chain is long and imports did n't adjust as quickly as exports ) .
It appears retailers will have much less inventory this year for the holidays .
The full moon appears very bright in part because the spherical glass beads in the moondust reflect much of the sun 's light back toward the sun ( and the Earth ) .
The shadowed depths of the polar craters on the moon have the coldest recorded temperatures in the solar system , colder even than Pluto .
Random fact
Salom�n Tagle Dobin , alias El Blanco , fue detenido por la Polic�a Federal a su llegada al DF proveniente de Rep�blica Dominicana despu�s de que fue expulsado por las autoridades de ese pa�s
CAY � Isabel Miranda de Wallace , madre de Hugo Alberto , emprendi� una campa�a para buscar al presunto secuestrador de su hijo , quien fue detenido hoy .
( Foto : Archivo / ELUNIVERSAL )
Ciudad de M�xico | S�bado 19 de diciembre de 2009
Silvia Otero | El Universal
15:36
¿ El Bangkok de América Latina ?
Pie de foto ,
No existen leyes suficientes para combatir la trata de personas .
Hace un mes Jaime Montejo y Elvira Madrid , fundadores de la organización Brigada Callejera , rescataron a una niña de 12 años a quien una red de trata de personas mantenía como esclava sexual en el centro de Ciudad de México .
La niña había sido secuestrada en una comunidad rural de Oaxaca , en el suroeste del país .
Fue un momento difícil , recuerda Montejo , porque los tratantes los amenazaron de muerte para que devolvieran a la menor , quien finalmente regresó con su familia .
Un final feliz que no comparten todas las víctimas de trata de personas , delito creciente en México que en los últimos años se ha convertido en un negocio para los cárteles de la droga .
" La venta de mujeres y niños es el segundo negocio más redituable del mundo " , dijo Patricia Olamendi , directora de la organización Proyectos Mujer en conversación con BBC Mundo .
De acuerdo con la Organización Internacional de las Migraciones ( OIM ) , los grupos que esclavizan personas tienen ganancias de unos US $ 12.000 millones al año .
También en Japón
Las autoridades mexicanas han documentado al menos 47 bandas de trata de personas que operan en al menos 17 de los 32 estados de México .
Algunos de estos grupos tienen redes en Centroamérica y Estados Unidos , y se ha detectado una conexión con la Yakuza , mafia japonesa que mantiene esclavas sexuales de Latinoamérica en Japón .
De hecho , la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos ( CNDH ) ha denunciado que al menos 3.000 mexicanas son esclavas sexuales en el país asiático .
Pero también hay redes más pequeñas , que operan sobre todo en las fronteras de México .
" Son espacios propicios para la trata de personas , sobre todo en dos puntos : Tijuana , Baja California , y Matamoros , Tamaulipas , que son lugares centrales en esta actividad " , dijo Olamendi , quien también es candidata a presidir la CNDH .
Las ciudades se ubican en la frontera entre México y Estados Unidos .
Una de las zonas donde se incrementó la explotación sexual de mujeres es Tamaulipas , auspiciada por el Cartel del Golfo que tiene fuerte presencia en la zona , según datos de la Procuraduría General de la República , la fiscalía mexicana .
Pocas leyes
El Departamento de Estado de Estados Unidos ubica a México como " un importante país de origen , tránsito y destino de personas que son sujetas a la trata de seres humanos " .
Datos del gobierno mexicano establecen que más de 20.000 niños y niñas son víctimas de explotación sexual comercial cada año en el país .
Más allá de las cifras , es problema es que no existan leyes suficientes para combatir el delito .
" Hay estados como Sinaloa donde la pena por trata es de seis meses de prisión , y otros como Tamaulipas donde el delito no existe en su código legal " , lamentó Olamendi .
El Senado aprobó en 2007 una ley federal para prevenir y sancionar la trata de personas , pero hasta ahora los resultados son escasos .
De acuerdo con la Asociación de la Barra de Derecho de Estados Unidos , desde que entró en vigor la ley contra la trata ninguna persona ha sido sentenciada por este delito .
La impunidad fomenta la trata , especialmente la explotación sexual de menores .
The Air Canada plane from Victoria to Toronto was cruising last year in clear skies ; neither the pilots ' eyes nor the air traffic controllers ' radar screens saw any bad weather .
Then , abruptly , the plane plummeted 2,000 feet in 15 seconds , and then another 2,000 , before the pilot was able to regain control and level off .
The terrified passengers and crew — 10 of whom suffered injuries that would require hospital treatment — had experienced a phenomenon called an internal wave , something that is relatively unknown to the general public , and which is beginning to yield its secrets to scientists under new observational and modeling techniques .
Internal waves , which are prevalent in the oceans as well as in the atmosphere , are hidden from obvious view most of the time .
But these colossal phenomena — a single wave can span 1,000 kilometers or more — can have profound effects on Earth 's climate as well as on drilling rigs , undersea cables and even vehicles such as submarines and , as those Air Canada passengers and crew can attest , to aircraft in flight .
Thomas Peacock , an associate professor of mechanical engineering at MIT , has been studying these waves for more than five years , and has uncovered important new details of how they form and propagate .
His two latest papers on the subject are being published over the coming months in the Journal of Fluid Mechanics .
One of these provides new insight into the forms of internal waves generated in the oceans , and the other helps explain the mystery of a narrow , focused beam of internal waves that recurs regularly twice a day - tied to the tides - in a channel in the Hawaiian Islands , but vanishes near the ocean surface .
Understanding these waves is important for models of climate change , because breaking internal waves in the ocean are believed to be a significant part of the mixing process by which warmer surface ocean water can be carried to the depths and colder water to the surface .
This potentially makes them one of several important ocean mechanisms that impact the Earth 's climate .
Ron Prinn , director of MIT's Center for the Science and Policy of Global Climate Change , says the mixing rate in the oceans — the rate at which warm surface waters get mixed with colder deep water and remove heat from the atmosphere — is one of the biggest remaining uncertainties in climate modeling , so understanding the mechanisms better could make a big difference in the accuracy of climate projections .
" It 's one of the outstanding problems " in climate modeling , says Raffaele Ferrari , professor of physical oceanography in the Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences .
He notes that although researchers have made great progress in understanding how internal waves are produced , when it comes to figuring out how they break — that is , how their energy is dissipated — " we can probably account for 20 percent , but we can't account for the other 80 percent .
It 's a missing link . "
Since such waves can disrupt both moving airplanes and underwater vehicles , and stationary equipment such as undersea drilling rigs and communications cables , this research could also have important practical consequences - at some point perhaps yielding improved ways of predicting the times and locations where they may occur .
Because of that , Peacock 's work has drawn funding from the National Science Foundation , the MIT France Program and the Office of Naval Research .
The existence of internal waves has been known for more than a century , but exactly how they form and dissipate , and their effects on both natural and technological systems , are still being explored and are yielding new insights .
Peacock and his students in the Experimental and Nonlinear Dynamics Lab ( ENDLab ) have made significant strides by coupling mathematical modeling of the behavior of these waves with laboratory experiments in wave tanks he has designed , and participation in field research at sea , in an effort to better understand not only how the waves form , but also how they then lose their energy .
Bruce Sutherland , professor of physics at the University of Alberta , Canada , says that this combined approach is unique among climate scientists .
" Such a holistic view has already benefited our understanding of climate , " he says , " through his studies of wave generation by tidal flow over ridges , and by the examination of the life - cycle of these waves emanating from sills and seamounts . "
The internal waves themselves are made up of moving regions of air or water that are more dense or less dense than their surroundings because of differences in temperature and , in the water , differences in salinity .
In principle , they are similar to the familiar waves on the ocean 's surface , but because they occur within the water their visible manifestations are subtle , or sometimes nonexistent .
In the ocean , these waves form when tidal currents pass over an obstacle such as a submerged ocean ridge .
" Cold , heavy water from the bottom gets pushed up over the ridge , and sets up a disturbance , " Peacock explains .
They can also be generated by powerful storms , such as hurricanes , displacing the ocean surface .
In the atmosphere , internal waves can be produced by thunderstorms and when air passes over a mountain range , in which case they are sometimes called " mountain waves . "
It was just such a mountain wave , in the lee of the Rockies , that caused last year 's Air Canada plunge .
Besides his efforts to understand these waves , Peacock has been working to increase public understanding of these little - known yet widespread effects .
To illustrate their power and immense scale , he plans to travel to Australia this fall to film a segment for a Discovery Channel program he is co-producing about internal waves ; two segments in the South China Sea and off the West Coast of Australia have already been completed .
He and the film crew hope to be able to catch an atmospheric internal wave that produces something called a Morning Glory cloud , in a location where they typically form at this time of year , and " surf " that wave in a glider .
Because the long , narrow cylindrical cloud formation can span hundreds of miles , the popular Lonely Planet travel guide has described it as the most exciting natural phenomenon to observe in the sky next to a total eclipse .
" It 's a challenge , to try to be there when it happens , " he says .
" But it will be a once - in - a - lifetime experience to surf the Morning Glory . "
China has cultivated strong economic ties with Africa
China has pledged to give Africa $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) in concessional loans over the next three years , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has said at a summit in Egypt .
The Chinese leader is attending a two - day forum on China - Africa cooperation in Sharm el - Sheikh , attended by officials from 50 nations .
" We will help Africa build up financing capacity , " Mr Wen told the summit .
Several heads of state and government are attending the meeting , including the Presidents of Sudan and Zimbabwe .
Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak inaugurated the forum , the fourth of its kind , and spoke of " peace , security and growth , " and of " boosting cooperation between China and Africa . "
Mr Wen also said China is planning to create environmental programmes for Africa , including 100 clean energy projects .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The West has previously accused China of plundering Africa 's natural resources - to fuel its booming economy - and of overlooking the human rights records of some governments they do business with .
In the run up to the summit , China 's state owned Global Times newspaper wrote " The West is envious of China and Africa drawing closer , " and quoted one Chinese Africa expert as saying " Europeans view Africa as their own backyard . "
China pledged $ 5 bn ( £ 3 bn ) of assistance at the last cooperation summit in Beijing in 2006 , and signed agreements to relieve or cancel the debt of more than 30 African countries .
Lose
It or Lose
It has shut down .
If you have any questions , please email me@r38y.com .
By Dan Collyns
BBC News , Lima
Police had displayed what they said were bottles of human fat to reporters
Peru 's police chief has suspended a top investigator for saying he had caught a gang who were murdering people to sell their fat .
Last month , top organised crime investigator Felix Murga said police had arrested four suspects who confessed to murdering up to 60 people .
He said they were selling their fat for thousands of dollars a litre .
But the macabre tale now appears to be nothing more than a tall story - or a big fat lie .
' Sold - on '
In an extraordinary press conference , police showed two bottles of what they said was human fat and a photo of a decapitated head .
Mr Murga told journalists how four suspects had confessed to gruesome murders reviving an Andean legend about the Pishtacos - mythical killers who murdered people on lonely roads to collect their fat .
But two weeks later a complete lack of evidence showed the police account to be more fiction that fact .
As a result Peru 's chief of police , Miguel Hidalgo , announced Mr Murga would be put on indefinite leave from his job for sullying the reputation of his unit .
Initial doubts were compounded when police from the region where the crimes were alleged to have taken place said they knew nothing about a gang of murderers killing people for their fat .
They were only able to corroborate one of the dozens of alleged disappearances in a region where drug - trafficking and violence is rife .
Mr Murga and the head of the anti-kidnapping unit had also claimed the fat was sold for thousands of dollars in the European black market supplying the cosmetics industry , but could not confirm any sales .
Medical experts dismissed this theory , saying human fat had no monetary value and injecting it from one person to another would be potentially life - threatening .
Some anthropologists say the police 's story deliberately played on an old Peruvian myth to explain crimes which the police had failed to investigate fully .
Other observers say this story was just one of many embellished or invented news stories used as a smokescreen which are intended to distract the general public from the real issues facing Peru .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BAGHDAD ( AP ) 
A United States general in Iraq who listed pregnancy as a reason for court - martialing soldiers said Tuesday that he would never actually seek to jail someone over a pregnancy , but that he wanted to underline the seriousness of the issue .
Last month , Maj. Gen. Anthony Cucolo issued a policy that would allow the court - martialing of soldiers who become pregnant and their sexual partners .
But he appeared to back away from the policy in a conference call with reporters on Tuesday , saying that it was intended to emphasize the problems created when pregnant soldiers went home and left behind a weaker unit .
“ I have never considered court - martial for this ; I do not ever see myself putting a soldier in jail for this , ” said General Cucolo , who oversees American forces in northern Iraq .
But because pregnant women automatically go home , their units are left short - staffed , he said .
The general commands a force of 22,000 soldiers , which oversees northern Iraq .
He said 1,682 of those soldiers were women .
Starling Marte is hit by a pitch in the ninth inning forcing him to drop the bat and clutch his hand in pain .
( 0:36 )
CHICAGO -- The Miami Marlins just kept fighting .
When Kyle Hendricks finally stumbled , they pounced .
This group of Marlins is one resilient bunch of fish .
Corey Dickerson hit a three - run homer off a fading Hendricks in the seventh inning , and Miami beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 1 on Wednesday in Game 1 of their NL wild - card series .
Jesus Aguilar also homered and Sandy Alcantara pitched three - hit ball into the seventh as Miami conjured up memories of past playoff magic in the franchise 's first postseason game since it won the World Series in 2003 .
The Marlins , who rallied past the Cubs in a memorable NLCS that year , have never lost a playoff series .
This year 's Marlins were n't supposed to make the playoffs , not after losing 105 games in 2019 and dealing with a coronavirus outbreak early this season .
Dickerson said all the adversity helped turn them into a better team .
" We do n't care about who 's the hero , " he said .
" We want to pass the bat to the next guy .
...
We do n't care .
We want to cheer for one another , play for one another .
That 's what makes this game fun . "
Game 2 of the best - of - three series is Thursday .
Yu Darvish starts for the Central champion Cubs , and rookie right - hander Sixto Sanchez get the ball for upstart Miami .
" We 've got to come in tomorrow and find a way .
That 's it , " Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo said .
The Marlins could be without center fielder Starling Marte after he was hit on the left hand by a fastball in the ninth inning .
The team said he had a left hand contusion and was going for X - rays .
Marte got the start after he was hit on the front of his helmet by a fastball during Sunday 's regular - season finale against the Yankees .
" He 's been like a target almost , " manager Don Mattingly said .
" But he 's been bouncing back from everything else so hopefully we get good results with everything and we 'll see where he 's at . "
Miami was 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position before Dickerson drove Hendricks ' 106th pitch just over the wall in left - center for his first career playoff homer , erasing the Cubs ' 1 - 0 lead on a cool , blustery afternoon .
After Hendricks was pulled by first - year manager David Ross , Marte singled and Aguilar hit a drive to right off Jeremy Jeffress for his third playoff homer .
" I 've been feeling so strong at the end of games , " Hendricks said .
" I was making good pitches and I made good pitches to Dickerson all day long .
That 's was n't a bad pitch .
He just jumped on it . "
The last time the Marlins scored five or more runs in an inning during a playoff game was Oct. 14 , 2003 , at Wrigley Field , when the club scored eight times in the eighth during Game 6 of the NLCS .
That outburst included fan Steve Bartman deflecting Luis Castillo 's foul ball as Cubs left fielder Moises Alou tried to make a leaping catch .
There was only a smattering of onlookers -- primarily fans and team employees -- Wednesday because of baseball 's COVID - 19 protocols , and the lower bowl that surrounds the field was almost completely empty .
Hendricks ( 0 - 1 ) matched a season high with 106 pitches in his first start in a week .
Known for his pinpoint control , the right - hander issued a season - high three walks and hit a batter .
He had permitted just two hits before the Marlins chased him with three in a row in the seventh , culminating in Dickerson 's one - out homer .
" It 's tough .
The guy pitched really good and that was going to be his last batter regardless , " Ross said .
" That 's a a tough pull , but you know , it stinks . "
Alcantara ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four and walked three in 6 2/3 innings in his first career playoff start .
Chicago got its only run on Ian Happ 's two - out drive in the fifth for his first postseason homer .
Happ had two of the Cubs ' four hits .
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins : RHP Jose Urena was placed on the team 's taxi squad .
Urena broke his right forearm when he was hit by a line drive Sunday at New York .
Cubs : INF Ildemaro Vargas was activated from the 10 - day injured list after missing the last part of the season with a right hamstring strain .
UP NEXT
Sanchez , one of baseball 's top prospects , made his big league debt on Aug. 22 .
Game 2 will be his first start at Wrigley .
" To be honest , I do n't know much about the history of the ballpark , but I know I will be pitching against the Cubs , " he said through a translator .
" It 's going to be great . "
Darvish is making his first playoff appearance since signing with Chicago before the 2018 season .
He is 2 - 4 with a 5.81 ERA in six career postseason starts .
---
Jay Cohen can be reached at https://twitter.com/jcohenap
---
More AP MLB : https://apnews.com/MLB and https://twitter.com/AP-Sports
ORLANDO , Fla . --
A fight over the shoes Michael Jordan 's son will wear at the University of Central Florida has cost the school any future sponsorship with adidas .
" The University of Central Florida has chosen not to deliver on their contractual commitment to adidas , " adidas spokeswoman Andrea Corso wrote in an e-mail to The Associated Press .
" As a result we have chosen not to continue our relationship with them moving forward . "
Freshman guard Marcus Jordan wore a pair of white Air Jordans during UCF 's 84-65 win in an exhibition game against Saint Leo on Wednesday night , the Orlando Sentinel reported on its Web site .
Jordan has said he will only wear his father 's Nike Air Jordan shoes because they hold special meaning to his family .
UCF is in the final year of a five - year contract with adidas that requires coaches and athletes to use the company 's apparel and equipment .
" We are disappointed to learn that adidas has chosen to discontinue its relationship with UCF Athletics , " the school said in a statement Wednesday night released by spokesman Joe Hornstein .
" Once we receive official notice we will be able to further respond . "
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : cloud 9
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
1 ) I did not " cheat on you " and cause the breakup of our marriage .
We had been separated for the better part of a year , and I had already filed divorce papers .
Even before we were separated , we had sex MAYBE once or twice a month for 3 years ( BAD sex at that ) .
I did " have an itch " , as I have seen you put it , and since you were n't scratching it , I called up my old fuck - buddy and he took care of business .
BTW , he had no problem at all cumming from oral ... so fuck you for making me think it was my problem when it was clearly yours .
2 ) Thank you for blaming all your social shortcomings on me .
You have told multiple people that I never wanted to hang out with any of your friends , and that 's why you had lost contact with them over the years .
Bullshit .
You are just cheap and no fun .
If it involved travel , money , or staying out past 7:00 pm , then you were n't interested .
You also did n't like having people over to our house because we would have to feed them ( which costs money ) and most of them have kids ( which you hate ... funny , you 're a TEACHER ) .3 )
You told one ex-girlfriend that after we got married , I " turned into Martha Stewart " .
Yes , asking you to pick up your own dirty clothes , Diet Pepsi cans , and bath towels and put them in their proper places was TOTALLY batshit crazy of me .
How dare I want to live in a semi- respectable home and not a trash heap .
4 ) I will let you continue to tell people I am remarried to " some geek I met on the internet " , as that is completely true .
However , you should also tell them that he is goddamn AMAZING in bed .
Just this morning I woke up to him gently massaging my ass ; before I knew it he was pulling my hair as I was gagging on his fat cock .
You can fill in the blanks as to what happened next ... oh wait , no you can't , because all you know how to do is a couple thrusts in the missionary position before your tiny , weird - looking little penis dribbles out its contents .
And for the love of God ( since you can't seem to figure it out on your own OR from my guidance ) , watch some porn and learn how to locate the clitoris .
5 )
Go ahead and crow to everyone how you " got to keep the house " .
Just so we 're clear , I LET you keep the house , and I better not find out that I 'm still on the mortgage .
You were supposed to take care of that 8 weeks after our divorce was finalized .
I let you slide last year when I found out I was still on there and gave you extra time to take care of it ( even though it should have been done in 2006 ) .
If I 'm still on that loan , then I 'm calling my lawyer .
6 ) You have conveniently neglected to tell all of these people that you are gay .
You can keep telling yourself that you 're straight , but anyone who likes to let men suck his dick AND reciprocates is , in fact , homosexual .
Thanks for letting me find out that little tidbit after we got married instead of before , cocksucker .
And do n't EVEN try to say you 're bi , because you made it evident to me over the years that you hate tits and vagina .
I love me some gay men , but I did n't want to be married to one .
7 ) You mentioned that I hated spending time with your family ... completely true .
They were weird as hell , and still are for all I know .
So I guess that ends my rant .
If you want to tell your friends anything else about me , then tell them I 'm very happy with my internet - geek husband and new , normal , sane in - laws .
Just so you know , this is the only place I have talked trash about you since our divorce .
If telling people all that shit about me makes you feel better , then more power to you .
I just better be off that mortgage , or else you will have some really good stories to tell .
P.S. - change your passwords , stupid .
You are visiting a developing country as a policy analyst .
It has the highest average tariff rate in the world .
Most of the population cannot vote , and vote buying and electoral fraud are widespread .
The country has never recruited a single civil servant through an open process .
Its public finances are precarious , with loan defaults that worry investors .
It has no competition law , has abolished its shambolic bankruptcy law , and does not acknowledge foreigners ' copyrights .
In short , it is doing everything against the advice of the IMF , the World Bank , the WTO and the international investment community .
Sounds like a recipe for development disaster ?
But no .
The country is the US - only that the time is around 1880 , when its income level was similar to that of Morocco and Indonesia today .
Despite wrong policies and sub - standard institutions , it was then one of the fastest - growing - and rapidly becoming one of the richest - countries in the world .
Especially in relation to trade policy .
Many top economists , including Adam Smith , had been telling Americans for over a century that they should not protect their industries - exactly what today 's development orthodoxy tells developing countries .
But the Americans knew exactly what the game was .
Many knew all too clearly that Britain , which was preaching free trade to their country , became rich on the basis of protectionism and subsidies .
Ulysses Grant , the Civil war hero and US president between 1868 and 1876 , remarked that " within 200 years , when America has gotten out of protection all that it can offer , it too will adopt free trade " .
How prescient - except that his country did rather better than his prediction .
The fact is that rich countries did not develop on the basis of the policies and institutions they now recommend to developing countries .
Virtually all of them used tariff protection and subsidies to develop their industries .
In the earlier stages of their development , they did not even have basic institutions such as democracy , a central bank and a professional civil service .
There were exceptions , such as Switzerland and the Netherlands , which always maintained free trade .
But even these do not conform to today 's development orthodoxy .
Above all , they did not protect patents and so freely took technologies from abroad .
Once they became rich , these countries started demanding that the poorer countries practise free trade and introduce " advanced " institutions - if necessary through colonialism and unequal treaties .
Friedrich List , the leading German economist of the mid-19th century , argued that in this way the more developed countries wanted to " kick away the ladder " with which they climbed to the top and so deny poorer countries the chance to develop .
After the second world war , thanks to post - colonial guilt and cold war politics , developing countries were allowed substantial policy autonomy .
For a few decades " ladder - kicking " was at low ebb .
But it has been resumed with renewed vigour in the last two decades , when developed countries have exerted enormous pressures on developing countries to adopt free trade , deregulate their economies , open their capital markets , and adopt " best - practice " institutions such as strong patent laws .
During this period , a marked slowdown has occurred in the growth of the developing countries .
The average annual per capita income growth rate in the developing countries has basically been halved , from 3 % to 1.5 % , between the 1960 - 80 period and 1980 - 2000 .
During the latter period , growth has evaporated in Latin America while the African and most ex-communist economies have been shrinking .
Growth has also slowed down in the developed countries but less markedly - from 3.2 % to 2.2 % - thereby resulting in a growing income gap between the rich and the poor nations .
How do we address this failure ?
First , the conditions attached to bilateral and multilateral financial assistance to developing countries should be radically changed .
It should be accepted that the orthodox recipe is not working , and also that there can be no " best - practice " policies that everyone should use .
Second , the WTO rules should be rewritten so that the developing countries can more actively use tariffs and subsidies for industrial development .
Third , improvements in institutions should be encouraged , but this should not be equated with imposing a fixed set of - in practice , today's , not even yesterday 's - Anglo - American institutions on all countries , nor should it be attempted in haste , as institutional development is a lengthy and costly process .
By being allowed to adopt policies and institutions that are more suitable to their conditions , the developing countries will be able to develop faster .
This will also benefit the developed countries in the long run , as it will increase their trade and investment opportunities .
That the developed countries cannot see this is the tragedy of our time .
· Ha-Joon Chang teaches at the Faculty of Economics , University of Cambridge .
This article is based on his book , Kicking Away the Ladder - Development Strategy in Historical Perspective , published by Anthem Press , London
hjc1001@econ.cam.ac.uk
Now that we 've gazed inside what is purported to be Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab 's explosives - laden underwear , let 's look inside his mind , by way of an archive of postings he made to the Islamic discussion website gawaher.com .
Would the prophet Muhammad have played soccer , were he alive today ?
Is it okay to eat meals with my parents , even though they 're unclean ?
All this and more he asked , and we know this because Wired Danger Room dug up a slew of links .
The following post is credited to " Farouk1986 " , whose email was listed as umarm21@hotmail.com . :
First of all , i have no friend .
Not because i do not socialise , etc but because either people do not want to get too close to me as they go partying and stuff while i dont , or they are bad people who befriend me and influence me to do bad things .
Hence i am in a situation where i do not have a friend , i have no one to speak too , no one to consult , no one to support me and i feel depressed and lonely .
i do not know what to do .
And then i think this loneliness leads me to other problems .
As i get lonely , the natural sexual drive awakens and i struggle to control it , sometimes leading to minor sinful activities like not lowering the gaze .
And in the next line , " i want to talk about is my dilemma between liberalism and extremism . "
Here 's one from a few months later in 2005 , in which Farouk1986 discusses having found happiness in Yemen :
After a hard battle deciding where to go and what to do , i finally ended up in Yemen .
I 'm doing a 3 month arabic course and so far it is just great .
There are a lot of Brits and Americans also studying in the Institute i'm studying in , Sana 'a institute of Arabic Languages - http://www.sialyemen.com
Wired Danger Room post
( Correction : an earlier version of this post quoted items now understood to have been posted by a different user of the gawaher.com forums ) .
Bluetiles features :
Bluetile is a tiling window manager for X based on xmonad .
Bluetile automatically arranges the windows to tile the screen , maximizing screen use .
I really like Bluetile because you do n't have to login to a different session : all you have to do is normally login into your Gnome session and start Bluetile .
Hybrid approach : Stacking window layout & tiling layouts available
Maximizing & minimizing windows in all layouts
All features accessible from mouse , as well as keyboard
Good multihead support
Designed to integrate with the GNOME desktop environment
Bluetiles is not very easy to install but that 's basically because there is no how - to ( or a decent one anyway ) for this so I decided to provide a post with full installation instructions - for Ubuntu ( I 've only tested it in Ubuntu Karmic ) .
Before we get started , take a look at these screenshots I 've just took with Bluetiles :
video
1. Firstly , let 's install everything we need and is available in the repositories .
Open a terminal and paste this :
sudo apt - get install build - essential checkinstall libghc6 - network - dev libghc6 - parsec - dev libgh c6 - mtl - dev libgh c6 - zlib - dev libghc6 - glade - dev libghc6 - gtk - dev ghc
2. Download and install Gtk2Hs
Download Gtk2Hs from
wget http://downloads.sourceforge.net/gtk2hs/gtk2hs-0.10.1.tar.gz
Then extract the archive and open a terminal , navigate to the folder where you extracted and run the following commands :
. / configure make sudo checkinstall -- fstrans=no -- install=yes --pkgname=gtk2hs -- pkgversion " 0:10.1-12ubuntu3 " -- default
The last command from above will create a .deb file and install it , so you can easily remove / upgrade Gtk2 Hs later on .
3. Download and install Haskell Cabal - Install in Ubuntu
You can download it from
wget http://haskell.org/cabal/release/cabal-install-0.6.2/cabal-install-0.6.2.tar.gz
Then extract it , navigate to the folder where you extracted and run these commands :
./bootstrap.sh
sudo ln -s $ HOME/.cabal/bin/cabal /usr/local/bin/cabal
4. Installing Bluetile
Run the following commands in a terminal :
cabal update cabal install bluetile
Now you may want to close any Avant Window Navigator , Docky or Cairo Dock instances you may have running and finally run Bluetile :
~/.cabal/bin/bluetile
5. Using Bluetile .
Take a look at the keyboard shortcuts available
Update : you can now install Bluetile in Ubuntu 10.04 from a PPA repository
Credits for the image in the beginning of the post : Dons00 Open a terminal and paste this : Download Gtk2 Hs from HERE .
Or , you can use this command instead for downloading the file :
Then extract the archive and open a terminal , navigate to the folder where you extracted and run the following commands :
The last command from above will create a .deb file and install it , so you can easily remove / upgrade Gtk2 Hs later on .
You can download it from HERE or just run this command :
Then extract it , navigate to the folder where you extracted and run these commands :
Run the following commands in a terminal :
Now you may want to close any Avant Window Navigator , Docky or Cairo Dock instances you may have running and finally run Bluetile : Take a look at the keyboard shortcuts available HERE
And aprovided by the Bluetile website :
A BBC photographer was stopped from taking a picture of the sun setting by St Paul 's Cathedral in London .
A real police officer and a fake " community support officer " stopped the photog and said he could n't take any pictures because with his professional - style camera , he might be an " al Qaeda operative " on a " scouting mission . "
Now , St Paul 's is one of the most photographed buildings in the world ( luckily , there is zero evidence that terrorists need photographs to plan their attacks ) , and presumably a smart al Qaeda operative with a yen to get some snaps would use a tiny tourist camera — or a hidden camera in his buttonhole .
The reporter An ex-MP goes on to describe being stopped for talking into a hand - sized dictaphone in Trafalgar Square ( where thousands of people talking in their phones — most of which have dictaphone capabilities — can be seen at any given time ) .
The real damage from terrorist attacks does n't come from the explosion .
The real damage is done after the explosion , by the victims , who repeatedly and determinedly attack themselves , giving over reason in favor of terror .
Every London cop who stops someone from taking a picture of a public building , every TSA agent who takes away your kid's toothpaste , every NSA spook who wiretaps your email , does the terrorist 's job for him .
Terrorism is about magnifying one mediagenic act of violence into one hundred billion acts of terrorized authoritarian idiocy .
There were two al Qaeda operatives at St Paul 's that day : the cop and her sidekick , who were about Osama bin Laden 's business in London all day long .
BBC photographer on being stopped by police
( Thanks , Graham ! )
( Image : St Paul's , a Creative Commons Attribution photo from Kieran Lynam 's Flickr stream )
When we saw the pictures of the spiral in the Norwegian sky this morning , we immediately wrote it off as an impressively elaborate , funny - looking but well - executed hoax .
You probably did too , even after reading Google Translated reports in Norwegian newspapers .
Now , SpaceWeather.com , a trusted source run by NASA science writer Tony Phillips , says the " evidence is mounting " that the sky show was real .
And not just real , but the product of a Russian missile launch .
" A rocket motor spinning out of control could explain the spiral pattern , so this explanation seems plausible , although it has not yet been confirmed , " Phillips wrote
A space animator even took the time to use a 3 - D modeling program to show how the rocket motor could have made what seems a bizarrely regular shape .
Although , the YouTube poster , unmannedspaceflight , made sure to note the rendering is " not an official answer . "
Still , it seems just a little too perfect , right ?
Crazy looking lights , Russian missiles ....
Let us know if you think it is real or not below .
UPDATE 12/10 : The Russian military has acknowledged that a Bulava ballistic missile test failure caused the light over Norway , the BBC reports .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Embroidery Digitizing Services
If you are you looking for cheap digitizing services for image and logo then here is the digitizing company offering best embroidery digitizing services .
we offer top quality services within 12 hours of time and provide free secure panel to all our clients to store 6 month of data so it can be accessible from anywhere Regsiter yourself with MigDigitizing .
Regsiter yourself with MigDigitizing .
Fill up the form by entering the required information and submit your artwork .
Fill up the form by entering the required information and submit your artwork .
We will start digitizing your design once you submit your order .
We will start digitizing your design once you submit your order .
Upon completion it will be sent for quality check .
Upon completion it will be sent for quality check .
Check live status of your designs .
Check live status of your designs .
Your design will be available under your account .
Your design will be available under your account .
Pay and download your file instantly .
Order Now
Vector Conversion
Our vector - art conversion services are second to none .
We convert logos , images , sketches or hand drawings into a digital picture by giving them a life .
We have creative designers and artists that can convert your images into vector file for screen printing , heat press printing and other purposes .
You can get one color simple logo as minimum as $ 5 .
Get your estimate for your design now !
GET ESTIMATE
Every image undergoes through the eyes of expert designers who examine every single detail thoroughly to make sure that you get the finest outcome .
NEW YORK —
News last week of the first major influx of Chinese capital and wind turbine manufacturing expertise into the renewable energy market in the United States — a 600 - megawatt wind farm planned for the plains of west Texas — had many readers of the Green Inc. blog in a state of agitation .
“ I do n’t understand why China is exporting wind energy to the U.S. , ” wrote Mark from New York City .
“ Is n’t this exactly the kind of project a United States company could and should be doing ? ”
Another reader — Drew from Boston — was more blunt : “ Again , China is playing the West for a sucker , ” he wrote .
“ We send them our engineering , they get the manufacturing work and experience . ”
The details of the deal known so far : Contingent on financing from Chinese commercial banks — and no small measure of funding from the U.S. economic stimulus package — A - Power Energy Generation Systems , a Nasdaq - listed company based in the Chinese industrial city of Shenyang , would provide 240 of its 2.5 - megawatt wind turbines for a 36,000 - acre , or 14,600 - hectare , utility - scale wind farm in west Texas to be operated by Cielo Wind Power , a developer based in Austin .
Tony Blair said today it was time for the world to get moving as negotiators in Copenhagen entered the final few days of talks still deeply divided on how to avert climate catastrophe .
With ministers , tycoons and celebrities flooding to the Danish capital , the former British prime minister said a compromise was possible , though likely to fall short of the actions recommended by scientists to avoid dangerous levels of global warming .
" There can be a deal at Copenhagen .
There should be a deal .
It will not be all that everyone wants .
But it was never going to be , " he told an audience on the sidelines of the conference .
But time is running out .
Major differences emerged in the first week of talks as developing nations accused richer countries of offering insufficient emissions cuts and inadequate financial and technological assistance to help poorer countries deal with climate change .
Heads of state will fly in at the end of the week to try to seal a deal .
But even that is emerging as a contentious issue because developing nations want an agreement in place before they arrive and have their arms twisted .
Ed Miliband , energy and climate change secretary for Britain , warned that far more progress needed to be made before the leaders arrive .
" We 're getting close to midnight in this negotiation and we need to act like it .
That means more urgency to solve problems not just identify them , more willingness to shift from entrenched positions and more ambitious commitments , " he said .
Blair , who is here not as a negotiator but as head of the climate group NGO , said the key was to put changes in place now and build momentum later .
" Let us get it under way .
And that really is the objective for Copenhagen : to get us moving :
To be the signal set that makes us switch track to low carbon future .
" And to make sure everyone is on the train , going in the same direction .
Some will be at the front , some at the back .
Some will pay more than others , but together we are on board for a new destination for the global economy . "
Blair was prime minister when the world 's last climate agreement – the Kyoto protocol – was signed in 1997 after heads were banged together by negotiators at the last minute .
Twelve years on , Blair acknowledged the flaws of that deal .
" Kyoto was a treaty that aimed at making a point , but less successful at making a policy .
Copenhagen is where we need to make a policy .
It is time to lift this issue firmly within the framework of a credible , achievable policy for change . "
Despite the leak of damaging emails from the University of East Anglia Blair said the need for action was as evident as ever .
" It is said that the science around climate change is not as certain as its proponents allege .
It does n't need to be .
" What is beyond debate , is that there is a huge amount of scientific support for the view that the climate is changing and as a result of human activity .
Therefore , given the seriousness of the consequences , we should act . "
But the scientists advice is not going to be fully acted upon .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – a body of the world 's leading scientists – has called for deep cuts in emissions from rich nations and a significant move away from business as usual by developing countries in order to keep global warming to two degrees Celsius , the level at which climate change will start to hit catastrophic proportions .
Given everything that is currently on the table , Blair said , the developed world would reduce emissions by just under 20 % by 2020 from 1990 levels .
There was also a danger , he said , that rising greenhouse gas emissions from developing nations could eclipse efforts made in richer nations .
He said targets could be revised and strengthened later , it was important to send a signal to the business and science community that they should invest and develop low - carbon technology .
Use of cannabinoids ( marijuana ) could assist in the treatment of post - traumatic stress disorder patients .
This is exposed in a new study carried out at the Learning and Memory Lab in the University of Haifa 's Department of Psychology .
The study , carried out by research student Eti Ganon - Elazar under the supervision of Dr. Irit Akirav , was published in the prestigious Journal of Neuroscience .
In most cases , the result of experiencing a traumatic event - a car accident or terror attack - is the appearance of medical and psychological symptoms that affect various functions , but which pass .
However , some 10 % - 30 % of people who experience a traumatic event develop post - traumatic stress disorder , in which the patient continues to suffer stress symptoms for months and even years after the traumatic event .
Symptoms include reawakened trauma , avoidance of anything that could recall the trauma , and psychological and physiological disturbances .
One of the problems in the course of treating trauma patients is that a person is frequently exposed to additional stress , which hinders the patient 's overcoming the trauma .
The present study , carried out by Dr. Akirav and research student Eti Ganon - Elazar , aimed to examine the efficiency of cannabinoids as a medical treatment for coping with post - traumatic stress .
The researchers used a synthetic form of marijuana , which has similar properties to the natural plant , and they chose to use a rat model , which presents similar physiological responses to stress to that of humans .
The first stage of the research examined how long it took for the rats to overcome a traumatic experience , without any intervention .
A cell colored white on one side and black on the other was prepared .
The rats were placed in the white area , and as soon as they moved over to the black area , which they prefer , they received a light electric shock .
Each day they were brought to the cell and placed back in the white area .
Immediately following exposure to the traumatic experience , the rats would not move to the black area voluntarily , but a few days later after not receiving further electric shocks in the black area , they learned that it is safe again and moved there without hesitation .
Next , the researchers introduced an element of stress .
A second group of rats were placed on a small , elevated platform after receiving the electric shock , which added stress to the traumatic experience .
These rats abstained from returning to the black area in the cell for much longer , which shows that the exposure to additional stress does indeed hinder the process of overcoming trauma .
The third stage of the research examined yet another group of rats .
These were exposed to the traumatic and additional stress events , but just before being elevated on the platform received an injection of synthetic marijuana in the amygdala area of the brain - a specific area known to be connected to emotive memory .
These rats agreed to enter the black area after the same amount of time as the first group - showing that the synthetic marijuana cancelled out the symptoms of stress .
Refining the results of this study , the researchers then administered marijuana injections at different points in time on additional groups of rats , and found that regardless of when exactly the injection was administered , it prevented the surfacing of stress symptoms .
Dr. Akirav and Ganon - Elazar also examined hormonal changes in the course of the experiment and found that synthetic marijuana prevents increased release of the stress hormone that the body produces in response to stress .
According to Dr. Akirav , the results of this study show that cannabinoids can play an important role in stress - related disorders .
" The results of our research should encourage psychiatric investigation into the use of cannabinoids in post - traumatic stress patients , " she concludes .
SOURCE University of Haifa
Once in a Blue Moon on New Year 's Eve -- or Not ?
Full moon to shine for New Year 's Eve revelers tonight .
What makes it blue ?
Dec. 31 , 2009  -- New Year 's
Eve is never dull .
But nights like tonight happen just once in a blue moon .
Not only will a full moon light up the festive evening , but a so - called blue moon will help ring in 2010 for revelers in the Western hemisphere .
So while you 're out carousing with friends or family , take a break from your champagne and noisemakers to look up at the night sky .
You may see the " blue moon , " but you wo n't see the moon awash in the color blue .
The term " blue moon " generally refers to the second full moon in a month and occurs just once every 2.7 years .
The last blue moon to shine on New Year 's Eve was 19 years ago , in 1990 .
But while that is how most people define the phrase now , folklorists say it was n't always the case .
The Moon Does Appear Blue on Rare Occasions
" The term has been around a long time , " said Philip Hiscock , a professor of folklore at Canada 's Memorial University of Newfoundland .
" The earliest uses of that term really meant something like never ... an impossibility . "
The first indications of the phrase , he said , date back about 600 years and might have described absurdities , as in , " He 'd have you believe the moon was blue . "
But later , in the 19th century , as people noticed that on occasion the moon actually did look a little blue in color , say after a volcanic eruption or forest fire , Hiscock said " blue moon " morphed into meaning something rare and fairly random .
" That today is still the major usage of the term , " he said .
" The moon does actually appear blue from time to time , but it is actually quite rare .
It worked well with the phrase . "
After Indonesia 's Mount Krakatoa erupted in 1883 , people looking up at the night sky might have seen a moon that appeared blue as light shone through the volcanic ash .
Wildfires , like those that frequently plague the western United States , also could appear to give the moon a blue tint .
The less astronomically - inclined might note that the phrase has also spread to music , commerce and even cocktails .
Crooner Elvis Presley recorded both the melancholy ballad " Blue Moon " and the bluegrass hit " Blue Moon of Kentucky . "
And come happy hour , your barkeep might offer you a pint of " Blue Moon " beer or a flirty " Blue Moon " cocktail .
Moon Myths Have Existed for Centuries
Those references rely on the romantic and emotional qualities that people have associated with the moon for centuries , Hiscock said .
The phrase lunatic comes from the idea that the human psyche is influenced by the moon and , despite evidence to the contrary , some people persist in linking full moons to bizarre behavior .
Lunar folklore has a special place for parties too , Hiscock said , as some believe that the moon contributes to riotous revelry .
" Blue moon parties are better than other parties -- this is part of modern folklore , " Hiscock said , adding that when a blue moon falls on New Year 's Eve , superstitions run especially rampant .
Sky & Telescope Magazine Helps Popularize Modern Definition Through Error
In the 19th century , the phrase started appearing in New England almanacs , he said , but with a different definition from the one accepted now .
Almanac authors defined " blue moon " as the third full moon in a season with four full moons , not the typical three .
When astronomy magazine Sky & Telescope published a misinterpretation of the Maine Farmer Almanac in 1946 , the modern definition was born .
The magazine acknowledged the error in 1999 ( with the help of Hiscock and astronomer Donald W. Olson ) but , by that time , the new definition had already won out over the old .
In a light - hearted press release issued by the magazine this week , Kelly Beatty , Sky & Telescope 's senior contributing editor , said , " In modern usage , the second full moon in a month has come to be called a ' Blue Moon . '
But it 's not !
This colorful term is actually a calendrical goof that worked its way into the pages of Sky & Telescope back in March 1946 , and it spread to the world from there . "
New ' Blue Moon ' Definition Persists
Sticklers might point out that according to the former definition , there is no blue moon to be had this month .
The next one wo n't happen until Nov. 2010 .
But those who subscribe to the old meaning are in the minority .
" Usage has just sort of driven it to be the way it is now , " said Alan MacRobert , senior editor of Sky & Telescope .
Language shifts and evolves and , especially when it comes to the moon , " you ca n't beat back the tide , " he quipped .
A jury in March
for selling telecommunications equipment to Iraq under Saddam Hussein in 2003 - 03 , a violation of a federal trade embargo .
But Emad al - Yawer , who worked as a middleman between the buyers and Hanna 's Rochester - based company , says he initiated contact with Hanna under the instruction of the CIA .
In fact , he says the CIA was trying to purchase the equipment and then sell it to Saddam Hussein in order to spy on him .
Yawer
, saying he was willing to sacrifice his life to expose the injustice .
" All those people gave their lives , Americans and Iraqis and others .
For what ?
So innocent people go to jail ? "
During her trial , Hanna said she thought she was selling the equipment to a company in Turkey , which Yawer says he told her .
Hanna is currently serving her six - year sentence in a Kentucky prison , but her family has started a Web site to make a case for her release .
" As a father , my daughter is sitting in prison and it's like a part of me is gone . "
Hanna 's father told the TV station .
" I want my daughter back .
That 's all I 'm asking for . "
On the "
" site , you can read a statement by Yawer , a letter asking the judge to release Hanna based on the new evidence and a letter from the office of U.S. District Judge Marianne Battani saying she would not do so .
U.S. Attorney Terrence Berg
that " the jury concluded there was more than enough evidence to convict the defendant of violating the trade embargo with Iraq , that she had specific knowledge or that and her defense regarding Turkey was not true . "
Prosecutors in the case say any new evidence is classified and under seal , but Hanna 's attorney has filed an appeal .
WASHINGTON —
In a few moments of heated but controlled anger on the Senate floor Monday evening , Sen . Al Franken ( D - MN ) slammed Sen. John Thune ( R - SD ) and the GOP for essentially lying about the nature of the Democratic health care bill , suggesting they have n’t read it .
“ We are entitled to our own opinions ; we ’re not entitled to our own facts , ” Franken said .
“ Benefits kick in right away . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thune then took the floor and stressed that “ tax increases start 18 days from now ” while “ spending benefits do n’t start till 2014 . ”
Franken got angrier and reclaimed his time .
“ Spending benefits start right away , ” he stammered , also rebuffing Thune ’s claim that the bill in all pain and no gain in the short - run .
It “ will prohibit insurance from imposing lifetime limits on benefits starting day one . ”
“ He does n’t want to hear it , ” Franken said in a heated voice , while pointing to Thune .
“ We are entitled to our own opinions ; we ’re not entitled to our own facts . ”
“ Lifetime benefits kick in on day one , and we should n’t be standing up here with charts to say the exact opposite , ” Franken said .
He also pointed out that “ small business tax credits will kick in right away ” and the bill closes the doughnut hole for Medicare Part D .
“ Facts are stubborn things , ” he said , repeating : “ We are not entitled to our own facts . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I stand here day after day and hear my colleagues , my good friends from the other side , say things that are not based on fact , ” Franken declared .
He also accused Republicans of not reading the fill .
During the exchange , Thune tried to interrupt and Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) interjected , accusing Republicans of trying “ monopolize our 30 minutes . ”
Later , Brown said of the GOP : “ Perhaps if you ’re going to vote against [ the bill ] , you do n’t have to read it — is that the way they think about it ? ”
“ I will find that many of my colleagues , who I ’m very friendly with , have not read the bill , ” he said .
“ And I think that if you ’re going to get on your feet and debate and make assertions , you should really be familiar with the content of the bill .
I ’ve only been here a while , so maybe I ’m naive . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The video was taped on the Senate floor on December 14 .
When you ’re on the hunt for new hay and forage equipment to help you out in the field , you know you can rely on John Deere to provide you with all of the machinery you require .
Whether you need a wheel rake or a bale wrapper , Deere has the piece you need to ultimately boost your efficiency .
Let ’s take a look at 15 pieces of hay equipment you can consider as you shop to suit your needs .
Heavy - Duty Wheel Rake
Rake more hay in less time with this wheel rake , which has large , wind - panel rake wheels to gather hay quicker and more efficiently .
December 3 , 2009
Elizabeth Schulte looks at what could be done to fix the health care system -- but is n't .
AFTER ALL the deal - making is done in Congress , health care reform legislation -- if it passes -- wo n't come close to meeting the expectations of people who were hoping for something to fix an obviously broken system .
All the compromises made to entice support from the health care industry will likely leave millions of Americans worse off than they were before so - called reform was enacted .
That , we 're told , is that best that could be done under the circumstances .
But that 's the problem -- the circumstances .
" Under the circumstances " means preserving the private insurance and drug industries that make unbelievable profits off the status quo .
The money and other resources are there to provide a health care system that guarantees coverage to every American .
The U.S. already spends $ 8,160 per capita on health care -- twice as much as the next closest country -- but much of that money does n't go to care .
It feeds an unbelievably inefficient and profitable industry .
Most Americans live an illness or injury away from life - changing hardship .
Medical bills contributed to more than 60 percent of all bankruptcies in 2007 , according to a report in the August 2009 American Journal of Medicine .
More than three - quarters of these people had insurance .
For 45 - year - old Christine Phillips in Nashville , an emergency room visit after a car accident , in addition to two other expensive operations , doomed her .
When she filed for bankruptcy , she listed about $ 7,000 in unpaid medical bills among her $ 187,000 in liabilities .
" The medical bills put me over the edge , " Phillips , who lost her health insurance along with her job when she was fired because she had missed so much work while recuperating , told the New York Times .
" I had no money for food at this point .
How was I going to do it ? "
The $ 7,000 in medical bills was a disaster for Phillips -- but a drop in the bucket for Ron Williams , the CEO of Aetna - - who took home over $ 24 million in total compensation in 2008 , not including his personal use of a company aircraft and vehicle .
Williams ' pay in 2008 could pay Christine Phillips ' overdue medical bills 3,400 times over .
If members of Congress really wanted to find the money for an adequate health care system , they could increase taxes on parasites like Williams -- and cap CEO salaries .
But there 's a lot more waste that could be done away with .
According to Physicians for a National Health Program , more than 31 percent of every health care dollar goes to administrative costs like " paperwork , overhead , CEO salaries , profits , etc . "
The process of doctors and other health care workers having to deal with numerous insurance plans at once adds plenty to cost of health care .
According to a national survey of physicians by Lawrence Casalino and others , physicians spend an average of nearly three weeks a year on health insurance - related activities , such as authorization , pharmaceutical formularies , claims and billing , credentialing , contracting , and collecting and reporting quality data .
Nursing staff spends more than 23 weeks per physician per year interacting with health plans , and clerical staff accrued 44 weeks .
Casalino calculated that U.S. physician practices spend an average of $ 68,274 per physician per year dealing with health plans - - a total of $ 31 billion a year .
Simplifying the administration of health care into one national plan could save billions that could go toward providing people with the health care they need .
BUT COMPETITION , we 're told , guarantees consumers quality services , right ?
Wrong .
Wherever private industry gets involved , expenses rise .
So between 2005 and 2006 , Medicare 's annual administrative costs went from $ 12 billion to $ 20 billion , largely because of increased payments to cover the administrative costs of private health and drug plans participating in the program .
" The McKinsey Global Institute has estimated that $ 5 billion of the increase in Medicare administrative costs during that period could be attributed to payments for the administrative costs of private drug plans managing the new Medicare Part D benefit , " reported the Commonwealth Fund .
" The remaining $ 3 billion in increased administrative costs derived from private plans involved in the Medicare Advantage program . "
In addition , the billions that drug and health insurance companies waste on marketing their products and services dwarfs the amount they spend researching and development of new medicines and procedures .
It 's estimated that the industry spends about twice as much on marketing as on research .
" [ B ]y their own figures , over a third of their employees are in marketing , " Harvard Medical School 's Marcia Angell told Frontline a few years ago .
" Not marketing administration , but marketing .
So I think it 's safe to conclude that somewhere on the order of 30 percent -- over twice the R&D costs -- are marketing . "
As for the drug companies ' claim that they have to charge high prices to cover those R&D costs , in reality , the federal government typically shoulders the most expensive costs of developing medicines -- and then hands them over to private companies for distribution , and profit .
Such was the case for AZT , the drug used to treat HIV patients .
Competition not only wastes money but denies people the care they need .
Insurers are notorious for trying to cherry pick the healthiest patients to provide insurance to -- and then denying services and payments they 're supposed to cover .
Contrary to what the industry spokespeople claim , the threat to health care is n't future " government control " of the system , but current control by big companies right now -- and that will only get worse with the proposals under consideration in Congress .
If members of Congress wanted to find the money to provide the health care that their constituents deserve , they could look at their own campaign coffers .
The health care industry runs one of the most expensive lobbying operations in Washington .
In 2007 , pharmaceutical , medical device and other health product manufacturers spent more than $ 189 million lobbying Congress , according to the Center for Public Integrity .
For their money , they won a shorter approval time for new drugs , among other demands .
Both political parties take health care , insurance and pharmaceutical industry money -- in 2008 , the insurance industry split their money almost evenly between Democrats and Republicans , according to the Center for Responsive Politics -- and both parties do their bidding .
That 's one reason why you wo n't see any far - reaching change coming out of congressional health care proposals .
A real plan to fix health care , a not - for - profit single - payer plan , likewise would n't rely on maneuvers such as scapegoating undocumented immigrants and poor women wanting coverage for abortions in the interest of political expediency .
There are two health care systems in the U.S. -- one for the rich and another for the rest of us .
The congressional health care proposals maintain this terrible status quo .
Chastity is hot .
At least it is for many of the millions of Twilight fans , eagerly devouring the saga in book form and onscreen .
The newest cinematic installment , based on the second book New Moon , opened just before Thanksgiving and is raking in millions .
In the capable hands of author , mother , and BYU alum Stephenie Meyer , chastity is charged with sexual excitement .
In the first book the two main characters , Bella ( the human ) and Edward ( the vampire ) , lurch back forth on her bed , in the forest , at school ; they stare into each other ’s pining eyes , wanting nothing more than to embrace one another in their eternal teen crush .
And the temptations persist .
But herein lies the problem .
As a vampire , Edward ’s desire to consume his human love verges on the literal : a brush too close or a kiss that lingers too long could override his better judgment and trigger his animal thirst for sex / blood !
Bella , meanwhile , waffles between self - assured maturity and complete helplessness at the hands of one of most sentimental boy crushes of recent literature .
Yet the stakes for her are much higher .
As critics have pointed out , sex would mean death for the suffering heroine , but not for the stunning male lead , already locked into immortality .
Even without the vampires , it ’s surely enough to strike terror into the hearts of parents , teachers , guidance counselors , and feminists everywhere .
It has become commonplace to underscore Meyer ’s Mormon background and thus , naturally , her promotion of chastity in Twilight — in The Atlantic , for example , Caitlin Flanagan tied Meyer ’s Mormon faith to the “ erotics of abstinence ” portrayed in the novels .
But is this new , sexy approach to chastity and moral purity the only Mormon manifestation to be found here ?
There is definitely something Mormon about Twilight , but it ’s not the focus on chaste teen love alone .
More than the superhuman desire to control the teenage sexual libido , Meyer ’s chronicle also draws upon much older , if somewhat less sexy , Mormon themes of eternal marriage and family life .
Of Meyer , Mormons , and the Eternal Family
Shades of Mormon theology arise quite clearly in Bella ’s fixation on the vampire Edward ’s “ eternal family . ”
According to Mormon theology and practice , when a couple marries in a Temple wedding , they are bound together for all eternity , a ceremony that takes place in what is called a “ sealing room . ”
Sealing rooms usually have mirrors on two facing walls , so that as the couple kneels together , they can see themselves and the members of their family reflected back and forth upon each other over and over , a visual metaphor indicating that they are joined for all eternity .
Any children born of a marriage sealed in a Temple are sealed to the parents for all time .
Should a couple have children before they are sealed ( perhaps because the children were born before joining the LDS church ) , the entire family can still become sealed , by all entering the sealing chamber together .
Sealing is extremely potent theological stuff .
While a seal can be dissolved in the case of divorce , it is not an automatic byproduct of civil divorce .
Additionally , it is one of the few places in contemporary Mormonism where one can still see the imprint of polygamy : while a woman can only be sealed to one man , men can be sealed to multiple women .
A divorced or widowed woman cannot then be resealed , unless she has her initial seal dissolved in the case of divorce .
A man , however , can be sealed multiple times , the ceremony remaining available to him despite divorce or the death of his wife .
Bella and Edward ’s Eternal En-sealment
The Twilight saga reproduces elements of this theology through the language of eternity that echoes through Edward and Bella ’s relationship .
Early on in the third volume , Eclipse , for instance , Bella muses over how to describe Edward :
“ The word boyfriend had me chewing on the inside of my cheek with a familiar tension , ” she worried .
“ It was n’t the right word at all , not at all , ” she searched : “ I needed something more expressive of eternal commitment . ”
Underpinning Edward and Bella ’s relationship is their eventual , if begrudging , agreement that if she marries him he will turn her into a vampire , thus allowing them to live together for eternity .
This language of eternal marriage repeats as the dominant descriptor of their relationship , closing out each of the books .
Twilight ends , finally , when Bella tells Edward :
“ I love you more than everything else in the world combined .
Is n’t that enough ? ”
To which Edward responds , “ Yes , it is enough … Enough for forever . ”
In New Moon , the narrative ends with the observation that Edward is Bella ’s destiny , walking alongside her .
And in Eclipse the last line from Bella ’s perspective records the moment of engagement : “ He once again slid my ring into place on the third finger of my left hand .
Where it would stay — conceivably for the rest of eternity . ”
The entire series ends with the observation that they can practice their mental intimacy “ forever and forever and forever ” before they move on to the physical intimacy that Bella describes in the last sense of the book as a “ small but perfect piece of our forever . ”
Vamping Up Marriage
Importantly , just as eternal sealing is an element of Mormon marriage , marriage is the key element for Bella ’s eternal life as a vampire .
Bella must be married to Edward before he is willing to “ change ” her .
In the books , this condition is set for two reasons .
First , Bella does not want to marry young .
She does , however , want to be frozen , eternally young , so as to be about the same age as Edward in their immortality .
But Edward fears that Bella is more interested in immortality than in him .
He figures he needs a bargaining chip to convince Bella to marry him , and therefore refuses to turn Bella into a vampire until after he has turned her into “ Mrs. Cullen . ”
Second , Bella wants both to experience sex as a human and become a vampire as soon as possible .
Her fanged beau has other designs .
A self - professed traditionalist , Edward feels that his own virginity is the one place where he has not besmirched his own soul ( if he still has one ) , and proves intent saving himself for marriage .
Because Edward refuses to engage in either premarital sex or premarital vampire creation , they agree that Bella will cease to be human shortly after their honeymoon .
Here we see how the text links marriage to immortality .
Bella becomes immortal — and the couple becomes permanent — through the act of marriage , just as the family becomes immortal through the sealing of the Mormon marriage rite .
The sense that one will be in love with one ’s teenage love for all time is certainly a familiar sentiment .
While the language of eternity echoes the idea of Mormon celestial marriage , the theme might not be worth emphasizing if it were not coupled with another key aspect of the Mormon understanding of eternity : Bella is almost as interested in joining Edward ’s family as she is in him .
Normalizing Family Values , Forever
The Cullen family is a gathered ( i.e. , non-biological ) family of vampires who ’ve sworn off killing humans , instead feeding only on animals ( within the series , they refer to themselves as “ vegetarian vampires ” ) .
Esme and Carlisie Cullen present themselves as young parents with five adopted children , in two sets of teenage siblings .
As everyone in their high school knows , two of the three Cullen children are romantically involved with their foster siblings .
Despite the fact that all of the vampires ( except Edward ) live in romantic pairs , they still describe themselves as a family made up of parents , brothers , and sisters .
The rhetoric of family carries through all the books , with Bella constantly pondering her new family , or telling Edward that he has to accept that she cannot be protected from danger , because she is now part of the family .
Similarly , when Bella has to do difficult things , like act normal for the other humans despite the supernatural drama surrounding her , the vampires remind her that acting normal is part of what it means to join the Cullen family .
The fact that the Cullens are a family — as well as , or even rather than , a coven ( the normal designation for vampires : a gaggle of geese , a coven of vampires ) — is a notable and important distinction in the vampire world .
As the nomadic vampire Garrett observes in the final book , the Cullens , against their very vampire nature , have intense family binding .
And just as in the familial connections created by Mormon sealing , when Bella becomes a vampire , she is as much part of the Cullen eternal family as she is Edward ’s eternal wife .
The perfection of the Cullen family , in which everyone is powerful and beautiful ( and the familial bonds eternal ) contrasts sharply with Bella ’s original human family .
Though Carlisle and Esme , the Cullen parents , are not terribly old ( in human years ) and Edward is older than Esme ( in vampire years ) , the Cullen parents are the strong and capable center of the family .
Bella ’s parents , on the other hand , are friendly but divorced .
Her mother , Renee , is portrayed as the flighty child - woman who needs to be raised by her own daughter .
Bella ’s father Charlie acts more the adult , if an emotionally withdrawn one , yet he still has n’t learned not to put metal in a microwave .
In the end , Bella chooses to live with her father while allowing her mother to pursue a second marriage .
Yet she ultimately chooses not even her father , but rather her boyfriend and his new family .
Bella laments the fact that she may have to leave her biological parents behind upon entering the vampire world ( this turns out not to be the case , lucky enough for her ) , yet she ’s no less willing to give them up for the promise of her new , eternal family .
Still , new worries of mortality arise .
When Edward and Bella produce a child , the unfortunately named Reneesme ( Renee + Esme ) , they both worry that she wo n’t live forever along with them , as the child is half human , having been born before Bella ’s transformation .
But not to fear , for in Meyer ’s fan - pleasing hands , Reneesme will indeed grow to adulthood and cease to age , living forever with her vampire clan — sealed in her eternal family .
Perhaps it would be too much to say the theme of the eternal family makes Twilight a distinctly Mormon series .
But the tweens sure to flock to New Moon in the coming weeks , eager to be titillated by Bella and Edward ’s as yet unfulfilled love , will also consume trace amounts of Mormon theologies of the family recast through vampire lore .
And if fan devotion means anything , their love for this pop-Mormon vampire saga is nothing but forever .
We all know that first base may be the deepest position in baseball , but when you look at the rankings it really is amazing .
When Derrek Lee , Victor Martinez ( much better suited as a catcher ) and Carlos Pena all fall short , that tells you all you need to know .
Let ’s take a look at who did make the cut :
Albert Pujols – St. Louis Cardinals Mark Teixeira – New York Yankees Miguel Cabrera – Detroit Tigers Ryan Howard – Philadelphia Phillies Prince Fielder – Milwaukee Brewers Justin Morneau – Minnesota Twins Adrian Gonzalez – San Diego Padres Kevin Youkilis – Boston Red Sox Mark Reynolds – Arizona Diamondbacks Kendry Morales – Los Angeles Angels Joey Votto – Cincinnati Reds Lance Berkman – Houston Astros Pablo Sandoval – San Francisco Giants Adam Dunn – Washington Nationals Billy Butler – Kansas City Royals
Thoughts :
The top three first baseman are pretty easy to pick , but after that you get some interesting individual debates .
Ryan Howard or Prince Fielder for # 4 ?
The real difference is Howard has proven that he can put up the power and RBI every single season .
With Fielder , given his 2008 performance , are you really so sure ?
That doubt makes me take Howard first every time .
Kevin Youkilis or Mark Reynolds ?
It ’s a tough call and my decision may be an unpopular one , but I just do n’t trust Reynolds .
The potential for a terrible average is too great and it is impossible for me to expect him to replicate his 2009 power display .
No matter what , I would have Reynolds at # 8 , at best , though I ’ll revisit that next time around .
Would anyone have thought we ’d see the day that Lance Berkman was barely a usable first baseman ?
It certainly says a lot about the position , now does n’t it ?
The depth at the position makes Pablo Sandoval better suited to be used as a 3B , but if you miss out on all the names above him it would n’t be terrible .
Given the word that he ’s expected to be the team ’s cleanup hitter , it makes him all that more attractive .
As can be seen by my projection of Billy Butler ( click here to view ) I ’m extremely high on him for the upcoming season and think he should outperform Derrek Lee in 2010 .
That ’s why Lee fell short of the Top 15 ( just barely ) and Butler gets the nod for the final spot on the list .
Do n’t be mistaken by the absence of Victor Martinez from this list .
I would take him ahead of many of the lower guys , but as a 1B he just does n’t measure up .
He gets a lot of his value from his catcher eligibility , which I did n’t take into account in doing these rankings .
What are your thoughts on the early rankings ?
Who is too high ?
Who is too low ?
Who was omitted that should n’t have been ?
Previous Early Rankings :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
Substantial interest was shown before the draw , flights and 2010 accommodation are destination and match dependent .
Now that teams and matches are drawn , airlines are expecting a rush of bookings and confirmations of enquiries received previously .
The majority of bookings received to date are from large groups and charter bookings .
“ The attention of the world is focused on South Africa today , ” says Mango CEO Nico Bezuidenhout , “ and will be for the next 188 days .
We are presented with a unique opportunity to showcase our country and gain medium to long term economic benefits .
South Africa has the potential to become a global sporting hub and , as one of only a few countries to host all three major disciplines ’
World Cup events , we are well positioned as a mega- event destination . ”
He adds that while the tournament presents a massive commercial opportunity , South Africans should take a prudent approach to pricing .
“ Airlines that are charging nearly R 10 000 for a return flight between Johannesburg and Cape Town are not contributing to the national effort .
Mango does recognise the opportunity but we have elected to manage our fares well within reason and offer normal peak pricing . ”
Bezuidenhout says that Mango will charge between R 2000 and R 4500 at the upper level with demand dictating the availability of lower fares .
Mango will increase its capacity by 25 % during the tournament through the introduction of additional scheduled flights and charter business .
It will also operate for 24 hours a day .
This cutesy animation ties in to the ontological question of copies that Pete addressed in his previous post and the simplicity of its argument it makes me want to start laying out some fundamental logic of ownership , theft , and value .
Again , we ’re looking at the real problem that exists in determinig the nature of copying and theft when it comes to digital media technologies .
In particular , we must consider that the narrative of production , sale , use , and theft will be quite different when you attempt to apply it to different types of things .
If we ’re talking about a purely physical object such as a bicycle , it ’s easy to understand that the object is built and then used or exchanged among individuals .
If the bicycle is stolen from you , you ’ve gotta take the bus .
The object ’s value is thus constrained by possession .
When you start talking about analog media , this narrative starts to break down , because while you still need a physical object to realize the value , it is possible to make copies and convert media to different formats ( e.g. taping a record ) so that the use value – and perhaps even the exchange value – can be multiplied among various users , though the quality of the media may decline as generations of copies proliferate .
Here , traditional notions of theft can still apply in the sense that you ca n’t listen to a record if somebody has stolen it from you , but there is another sense of theft that emerges wherein the act of copying makes it unnecessary for the copier to purchase an original work , thus denying the seller the revenue from that additional sale .
Here , the physical possession of the record takes a back seat to the “ intellectual property ” contained on that record .
In this instance , ownership becomes disconnected from possession and associated instead with commercial “ rights . ”
The “ theft ” here is not of actual currency or products , but rather of the potential for additional revenue associated with the content contained in the sold object .
This activity is referred to as “ piracy , ” though of course the pirates of the high seas were stealing physical , not intellectual property .
Things get even more complicated when we begin to look at digital media .
First of all , the exchange of digital content from computer to computer pushes concerns over physical property even further to the sidelines in that authorized exchange often does not necessitate a physical object at all .
In fact , the very act of using a piece of digital media usually involves making a copy of sorts ( e.g. , installing software on your computer ) .
As digital technology all but obliterates the scarcity of any given piece of media , intellectual property - holders are attempting to compensate – and thus retain profits – by tightening restrictions on the traditional notions of ownership that would have applied either to the bicycle or to the record .
That is , the use of individual pieces of media cease to be transferrable between users .
When you buy a song on the iTunes store , you ca n’t loan it out to a friend for a week .
When you buy a record , you could reasonably state that you have purchased a copy of that content .
When it comes to the iTunes story , you do n’t even purchase a copy ( copies being totally ubiquitous ) .
Rather , you have perhaps bought access to certain content on a certain device , in some cases for a particular period of time .
Thus , as we transition from the bicycle to the record to the song on the iTunes Store , very basic notions of sale , ownership , and theft have to be reconsidered on a very fundamental level .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on December 16 , 2009 at 6:52 pm and is filed under Key Concepts .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : copyfight , intellectual property , p2 p , piracy , technology
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
How Did Israel Become " Start - Up Nation " ?
Since the onset of the current financial crisis , political and economic pundits have loudly proclaimed the end of American economic dominance .
U.S. policymakers are struggling to revive the economy , establish new industrial competencies , and remain globally competitive .
Meanwhile , in a small , young , constantly embattled country across the globe , old - fashioned entrepreneurialism is alive and well .
Israel , just 60 years old and with a population of 7.1 million , has emerged as a model of entrepreneurialism that countries at all stages of development have tried to replicate .
A new book by Dan Senor and Saul Singer , Start - Up Nation : The Story of Israel ’s Economic Miracle , explores the culture behind Israel ’s economic success .
Senor , an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and former foreign policy adviser in Iraq and Qatar , has agreed to answer some of our questions about the book :
Q .
Why is Israel the ultimate “ Start - Up Nation ” ?
A .
Israel has the highest density of tech start - ups in the world .
More importantly , these start - ups attract more venture capital dollars per person than any country — 2.5 times the U.S. , 30 times Europe , 80 times India , and 300 times China .
Israel has more companies on the tech - oriented NASDAQ than any country outside the U.S. , more than all of Europe , Japan , Korea , India , and China combined .
But it ’s not just about start - ups .
Scratch almost any major tech company —
Intel , Microsoft , Google , Cisco , Motorola , and so on — and you will find that Israeli talent and technology play a major role in keeping these multinational companies on the cutting edge .
Q .
In the book , you explore a number of explanations for Israel ’s overwhelming economic success , one of which is the famous Israeli chutzpah .
What exactly is chutzpah and what role does it play in Israel ’s business culture ?
A .
Chutzpah is hard to define .
Modern Hebrew borrowed the word from Yiddish , the all - but - vanished German - Slavic language .
According to Yiddish scholar Leo Rosten , chutzpah is “ gall , brazen nerve , effrontery , incredible ‘ guts , ’ presumption , plus arrogance such as no other word and no other language can do justice to . ”
What do Proctor & Gamble , General Electric , Hewlett Packard , Microsoft , and Google have in common ?
They were all created or got their first big boost during downturns .
It takes chutzpah to try to raise money and start a business when others are closing down .
In the U.S. there are isolated pockets of chutzpah .
But an outsider would see chutzpah everywhere in Israel : in the way university students speak with their professors , employees challenge their bosses , sergeants question their generals , and clerks second - guess government ministers .
When the Intel Corporation began building its Israeli teams in the 70’s , the Americans found Israeli chutzpah so jarring that Intel started running “ cross- cultural seminars on Israeliness . ”
Intel - Israel ’s Mooly Eden , who ran the seminars , said that “ from the age of zero we are educated to challenge the obvious , ask questions , debate everything , innovate . ”
As a result , he adds , “ it ’s more complicated to manage five Israelis than 50 Americans because [ the Israelis ] will challenge you all the time — starting with ‘ Why are you my manager ; why am I not your manager ? ' ”
When Paypal — the internet payments giant — bought Israeli start - up FraudSciences in 2007 , Paypal president Scott Thompson went to Tel Aviv to meet with the FraudSciences team .
He told us about his first meeting with the staff :
Every question was penetrating .
I actually started to get nervous up there .
I ’d never before heard so many unconventional observations — one after the other .
Junior employees had no inhibition about challenging how we had been doing things for years .
I ’d never seen this kind of completely unvarnished , unintimidated , and undistracted attitude .
I found myself thinking , “ who works for whom here ?
Did we just buy FraudSciences , or did they buy us ? ”
To Israelis , this is the normal mode of being .
Somewhere along the way — either at home , in school , or in the army — they learn that assertiveness is the norm , reticence something that risks your being left behind .
Q .
At the age of 18 , almost all non-Arab Israeli citizens must serve in the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) for at least two years .
How does the IDF service experience shape the future of young Israelis and contribute to the country ’s economic success ?
A .
Certain units have become technology boot camps , where 18 - to 22 - year - olds get thrown projects and missions that would make the heads spin of their counterparts in universities or the private sector anywhere else in the world .
The Israelis come out of the military not just with hands - on exposure to next - gen technology , but with training in teamwork , mission orientation , leadership , and a desire to continue serving their country by contributing to its tech sector — a source of pride for just about every Israeli .
Beyond the elite tech units , the military has a much broader cultural impact .
The compulsory service produces a maturity not seen in Israelis ’ foreign peers who spend that time in university .
“ They ’ve got more life experience , ” British Telecom executive Gary Shainberg told us , which “ is critical , since innovation is all about finding ideas , and finding new ideas is often about having perspective . ”
And perspective typically comes with age .
But in Israel you get perspective at a young age because so many transformational experiences are jammed into Israelis — including military service — in their late teens and early 20’s .
Perhaps even more surprisingly , Israel ’s resource - stretched and constantly tested military teaches improvisation and flattens hierarchies .
Soldiers learn “ the value of five minutes ” as one general told us .
They are taught to get the job done and figure out how .
And especially in the reserves , barriers are broken ; young people command their teachers or bosses , no one salutes , and privates address generals by their nicknames .
All this contributes to an informal and anti-hierarchical culture outside the military , which is critical for an experiment - focused , probing , and innovating economy .
Q .
Your book jacket describes Israel as “ a country of 7.1 million people , only sixty years old , surrounded by enemies , in a constant state of war since its founding , with no natural resources . ”
How have Israeli entrepreneurs overcome these formidable challenges to build successful businesses and attract investors like the famously risk - averse Warren Buffett ?
A .
The great irony of the Start - Up Nation story is that Israel has transformed the challenges it has faced into assets that form the cornerstones of its culture of innovation .
Adversity of all kinds , such as being under attack , small , isolated , and lacking resources , have forced Israelis to be resourceful , to do more with less , to innovate , and to be global from day one .
The fact that Israel specializes in adversity is most dramatically seen in downturns .
When the tech bubble burst and the peace process fizzled in 2000 to 2001 , one might have expected the Israeli tech scene — then only a few years old — to evaporate .
Instead , Israel garnered a larger market share of the global venture capital pie in 2005 than it did in 2000 .
Similarly , in the current downturn , Israel has been among the least affected and the first to recover among developed nations .
Q .
Tell us about Israel ’s immigration policy and why it ’s different from policies in other countries .
Have Israel ’s recent immigrants helped or hurt its economy ?
A .
A key lesson from Israel is that innovation is not just something that goes on inside companies ; it comes from a wider culture that fosters both innovation and entrepreneurship .
Israel is a country of immigrants — there are over 70 nationalities represented in this tiny country .
Two out of every three Israelis are newcomers , or the children or grandchildren of newcomers .
The Israeli battery - operated car grid company Better Place was founded by the son of an Iraqi immigrant .
The Israeli company Koolanoo — the third - largest social networking site in China — was founded by the child of an Iranian immigrant .
The Internet music start - up FoxyTunes — which was recently sold to Yahoo for tens of millions of dollars — was founded by a young Ukrainian immigrant .
Walk around Israeli neighborhoods , and you ’ll find yourself dealing with Israelis from Ethiopia , Poland , Yemen , Russia , and Australia , to name a few .
Immigrants are natural risk takers since they were willing to uproot themselves and start over .
In particular , the great wave of immigrants from the former Soviet Union in 1990 to 2000 brought to Israel a tremendous boost in engineering talent just as the tech sector began to take off .
Israel is also the most pro-immigration country ; politicians there actually compete with each other with campaign promises to bring in more immigrants , not fewer .
Q .
Various countries have attempted to duplicate Israel ’s entrepreneurial culture , with limited success so far .
What policy initiatives would you suggest to a country hoping to become the next “ Start - Up Nation ” ?
A .
A key lesson is to learn to leverage the business talents of young people with military experience .
In Israel , employers look for and value the leadership skills of young officers who have already received tremendous management skills by age 21 .
By age 25 , they have both military experience and a university degree .
In the U.S. , by contrast , too many corporate executives are illiterate when it comes to reading a military resume .
We heard one story about an Iraq - war vet being interviewed by a corporate recruiter .
The vet walked through all his incredible leadership experience from the battlefield .
But at the end of the interview , the interviewer said , “ that ’s all very interesting , but have you ever had a real job ? ”
American business needs to embrace , not spurn , this incredible reservoir of ex-military talent .
This does not mean that other countries need the military conscription model that Israel has been forced to take to become entrepreneurial .
Other frameworks , such as national service programs , could also provide the management and maturation experience that Israelis get , but in a civilian context .
Finally , the Israeli experience shows that countries that want to be more entrepreneurial should welcome immigrants as a great resource for rebooting their economies .
WASHINGTON , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) - Two U.S. senators who authored legislation aimed at pressuring China to lift the value of its yuan said on Thursday they asked the Commerce Department to investigate alleged Chinese currency “ manipulation . ”
Sen . Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat , and Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , said the department has legal authority to determine whether China ’s currency practices are a form of subsidy and if so , impose tariffs on Chinese imports .
“ Commerce has authority under existing law to initiate investigations that can help U.S. industries and protect U.S. jobs , and we are urging the Department to use that authority , ” the senators wrote in a letter to Commerce Secretary Gary Locke .
( Reporting by David Lawder , Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
This article is about my favourite microblogging site , Tumblr .
Firs of all , I would like to define what the microblogging site and what Tumblr is actually .
Microblogging site is an online tool , which people share their thoughts , photos , videos , tools and contents .
When someone submits their content , it is automatically and instantly published in user 's dasboard and naturally in his profile page .
The better side is , it is also sent to user 's friends and followers .
In that way , some content may spread all over the world on the net .
This means a good traffic for a quality sites and money in the long run .
Tumblr reminds an older site Pownce , which was my favourite years ago .
Unlike Pownce , Tumblr has no tool to promote the links .
It is submitted and published online without using any service and tool .
As you know , traffic is everything if own an online business .
Whether you have a personal blog or a complex e-commerce shopping site , you can't expect to make any real money online unless you drive more visitors to your website .
Affiliate marketing is mostly a numbers game which means you will have a better chance of making sales by getting more people to visit your affiliate website .
The are thousands of online and offline ways to get more traffic .
Some of them are very easy to implement while other are a bit more complicated .
How can I join Tumblr ?
To join Tumblr , you should fill the registration form and actitave your membership by validating your email address ..
Registration is free .
What should I do after registration ?
Without followers and friends , your membership is nothing .
To let the other users know about your Tumblr profile and submissions , you have to make friends and followers .
Simply check the other 's profiles or tumblr submissions and vote for publishings and reblog them .
Add others by sending follow requests .
Daily 30 - 50 followers is great to start .
I have enough followers now , what should I do then ?
If you think that you have enough followes , you can submit your links .
You can submit your links directly by clickink link option is dashboard and filling the necessary field .
Photo , audio and video submission are more effective than simple linking .
For such submission , you should add photos or videos from original net source or from your own pc by browsing .
Then add your links under submitted photos and videos .
This makes your blog more impressive .
Every submission turns back to you as a potential backlink .
If you check your backlinks by using backlink checking tools , you should see your traffic sources .
Tumblr is a popular micro-blogging site where users create and share small posts of about 140 words or less .
What makes these micro-blogs , popularly known as tumblelogs , all the rage is their ease of customization and the freedom they provide for posting everything from photos to quotes , to emails , and even links .
Moreover , signing up for Tumblr really does take only about 10 seconds .
More and more people are attracted to micro-blogging due to its capability for posting short , incisive and hopefully witty messages about the poster 's latest doings , inventions , discoveries , observations , misadventures , etc .
Tumblelogs even make it possible for people to post their art works and music audios and videos for public viewing .
Teams of modern - day birdmen are racing to pull off a stunt they hope will be groundbreaking – but only metaphorically
Video : Wingsuit skydiving
Landing in a wingsuit without a parachute presents a few challenges ( Image : James Boole ) Jeb Corliss ( Black suit , right of centre ) makes another jump ( Image : James Boole ) ( Image : James Boole )
Update : on 23 May 2012 , a wingsuited but parachute - less Gary Connery jumped from a helicopter 730 metres above the ground in Oxfordshire , UK , and landed safely on an expanse of cardboard boxes after a flight lasting less than a minute .
He is the first person to survive such a jump .
Original article , posted 17 November 2009
ON A bright day in 1912 , an Austrian tailor named Franz Reichelt jumped off the Eiffel Tower in Paris , France .
This was no suicide attempt .
Reichelt was wearing a special overcoat of his own design that was supposed to let him glide gently to the ground .
Sadly , it did n’t work .
As the crowd watched and movie cameras whirred , the “ flying tailor ” plunged 60 metres to his death .
Over the next few decades , up until the 1960s , daredevil showmen continued to experiment with homemade wings of canvas , wood or silk – with one crucial difference .
These so - called “ Birdmen ” relied on parachutes to land ; the wings were just there to let them “ fly ” on the way down .
Even so , many died , usually when their wings interfered with the parachute .
The idea fell out of vogue until the introduction of safer commercial wingsuits in the 1990s .
Now a small group of fearless – some would say foolhardy – wingsuit enthusiasts is reviving the dream of the very first birdmen .
Their ambition is to jump out of a plane , glide thousands of metres and land in …
Die formalen Voraussetzungen für die Beantragung eines Kredits bei einer herkömmlichen Bank sind oftmals hoch und der Betreuer hat oftmals auch kein großes Interesse im Sinne des potentiellen Kunden zu handeln .
Was also tun , wenn Sie schnell und ohne bürokratische Hindernisse einen Sofortkredit benötigen ?
Die Antwort ist ganz einfach .
Im Internet können Sie online einen Kredit aufnehmen .
Sofortkredit im Internet
Da sie auf kostenintensive Infrastruktur und die Unterhaltung von Niederlassung verzichten , können Internetunternehmen ihren Kunden schnell und problemlos einen Kredit anbieten .
Ganz egal ob Sie einen KFZ Kredit für eine neues Auto , welches Sie beruflich oder privat benötigen , brauchen , ihre Wohnung renovieren möchten , oder jetzt endlich die lange ersehnte Traumreise unternehmen möchten .
Alles was Sie hierfür tun müssen ist die gewünschte Kreditsumme , Rückzahlungskonditionen wie Laufzeit und Ratenhöhe sowie ihre persönlichen Angaben online eingeben .
Sie erhalten dann sofort ein für Sie personalisertes Angebot für einen KFZ Kredit oder andere Zwecke .
Sofortkredit ohne Schufa
Oftmals machen Banken und Kreditinstitute die Vorlage eines aktuellen Schufa Auszugs zur Pflicht für die Prüfung eines Kreditantrags .
Diese überkommene Vorgehensweise ist bei Onlinekrediten nicht nötig .
Es reicht vollkommen , wenn Sie ihre persönlichen Daten und den Grund des Kreditantrags angeben .
Sofort werden ihre Unterlagen dann geprüft und Sie bekommen ein konkretes Angebot .
Somit ist der Sofortkredit ohne Schufa eine tolle Alternative zu den herkömmlichen Kreditangeboten .
Kredit trotz negativer Schufa
Auch wenn
Sie in früherer Zeit keinen Kredit wegen einer negativen Schufa Auskunft erhalten haben spielt das keine Rolle und Sie können onlinen einen Antrag für einen Sofortkredit trotz negativer Schufa stellen .
In der heutigen Zeit ist es völlig normal , dass man auch ohne positive Schufa einen Kredit bekommen kann .
So erhalten
Sie volle finanzielle Freizügigkeit und können sich und ihrer Familie endlich alle Wünsche , die sie schon immer hatten , aber wegen anderer Projekte hintenanstellen mussten erfüllen .
Ganz ohne den lästigen Gang zu ihrer Bank und den damit verbundenen bürokratischen Hürden .
Dr. Chim Richalds Oct 21 , 2008
The Popular One
Jewbert Jewstein posted : I also did The Scream .
I apologize if this does n't work .
Blame waffleimages .
( also .
this was done in GIMP , so go easy on me . )
I love this !
Well done .
Sorry I can't contribute , no photoshopping skillz
The earthquake which devastated the city of Padang in Sumatra , Indonesia , this week , killing more than 1100 people , may have been only a hint of worse to come .
Since 2004 , geologists have been predicting a far nastier earthquake in the region – a shallow tremor that will rip the sea floor apart , trigger a devastating tsunami and kill far more people .
“ Another earthquake is on its way , and all it will take to trigger it is the pressure of a handshake , ” says John McCloskey , a seismologist at the Environmental Sciences Research Institute at the University of Ulster in Coleraine , Northern Ireland .
Padang experienced a magnitude - 7.6 earthquake on 30 September , just after 5 pm local time .
Images of terrified relatives waiting to identify dead bodies , their T - shirts clutched over their noses to mask the stench , military officials stalking between bright yellow , zipped - up body bags and centuries - old Dutch colonial mansions obliterated in an instant have flooded around the world .
At first , geologists assumed this was the earthquake they had predicting for many years .
“ Padang has bad geology , ” explains McCloskey .
“ It sits 40 kilometres above the most earthquake - prone stretch of the interface between the Indo- Australian and Eurasian plates . ”
Advertisement
This interface has not experienced the stress relief of an earthquake for over 200 years , according to McCloskey ’s analysis of historical coral growth rings , which show no sign of seafloor uplift .
GPS measurements of the rate of plate motion suggest that there has been around 13 metres of movement in this area over the same period .
“ A shallow earthquake at the plate interface off Padang is long , long overdue , ” says McCloskey .
Freak event
Yet the earthquake which struck this week off Padang did not occur at the plate interface , which lies 500 kilometres offshore .
The epicentre was just 45 kilometres from Padang , far away from the plate interface .
What ’s more , it originated 80 kilometres underground , far deeper than the place at which the Indo - Australian and Eurasian plates crunch together .
Further evidence comes from the orientation of the rupture caused by this week ’s quake .
“ The rupture spread in a north - south orientation , rather than east - to - west , as we would expect along the plate interface , ” says McCloskey .
All the clues add up to the earthquake being a freak rupture of an ancient stressed fracture zone embedded deep within the Indo - Australian plate rather than slippage at the plate interface .
“ What we ’re looking at is probably a vestigial crack left over from some distant spreading centre , ” says McCloskey .
So , what kind of damage will the tsunami- triggering earthquake that the geologists have been predicting near Padang inflict ?
McCloskey has built computer models of over 125 scenarios in which shallow , powerful earthquakes at the interface off Padang jolt the sea floor , triggering tsunamis .
In most , devastating tsunamis are generated .
They will reach the city about 30 minutes after the earthquake hits .
His simulations suggest that 25 per cent of tsunamis would be over 5 metres tall as they reached the coast ; the highest waves would be 12 metres tall .
“ In reality , of course , waves will gather height and become more turbulent as they power inland , which means they could be far higher over the city , ” says McCloskey .
Escape routes
If the people of Padang are well prepared , then most should survive , says McCloskey .
Within 30 minutes , the young and the fit should be able to reach the 10 - metre elevation contour that rises 2 kilometres back from the coast , he says , which would at least protect them from waves lower than 10 metres .
However , over 100,000 people – a seventh of the city ’s population – are blocked from running directly to higher ground by the barbed wire - laced , 10 - metre - high walls of a huge military airport .
“ Padang needs to build a tunnel under that airport , because if they do n’t these poor people will have to run parallel to the coast for several hundred metres while the tsunami is coming at them , ” says McCloskey .
So far , no steps have been taken to build such an exit route .
“ Sometimes you despair , ” he says .
Journal references : Earth and Planetary Science Letters , DOI : 10.1016/j.epsl.2007.09.034 ; Nature , DOI : 10.1038/nature07572
Dear Cecil : I once saw a man on Oprah who always unplugged appliances because he did n't want to pay for " phantom " electricity that would leak through the plug even when the appliance was n't being used .
Recently , a coworker told my husband he saved a lot of money unplugging TVs , computers , etc .
Am I really wasting money leaving appliances plugged in even if I turn them off ?
RebeccaI 've heard people are selling capacitors to lower electrical bills .
Is that possible ?
Big Red
Cecil replies :
With everyone trying to economize these days , you ’re going to hear a lot of dubious ideas about reducing energy costs .
Here are a couple .
We ’ll start with the dumber one .
Capacitors .
I think you ’re referring to “ power factor correction devices , ” which are used to fix an obscure problem found in some AC electrical circuits .
For example , a circuit used to run an induction motor sucks up a lot of juice to energize the coils , but only some of it is actually used to make the motor spin .
The rest gets spit back out and flows back to the power company .
It ’s like the water circulating through a fish tank , which does n’t get used up , just moved around a bunch .
The power company does n’t like this , because it has to go to the trouble of sending you all those amps but typically can only charge you for the part you actually consume .
If you ’re a big industrial energy user running all kinds of motorized equipment , you do n’t like it either , because you have to install heavy - duty cabling and electrical apparatus to move power you ’re not really using , and in the process some of the energy is lost as waste heat .
( Also , big users often get charged a penalty for this inefficiency . )
So you install power factor correction devices , typically capacitors , which magically allow you to sip only as much electricity as you genuinely use .
( In geek terms , your power factor is corrected to more closely approach 1.0 , the optimal value . )
However , chances are you ’re not a big industrial energy user — you ’re an ordinary civilian , and the biggest motor you ’ve got runs the air conditioner or fridge .
If your power factor is n’t 1.0 , what do you care ?
The electric meter records only the juice you really use .
If the house ’s wiring is heavier than it needs to be , big deal , it ’s already there .
You lose some energy as waste heat , but experts say with correction devices you might save 2 percent on your electric bill .
Every little bit helps , I guess , but you ’d do better just shutting off lights you ’re not using , installing compact fluorescent bulbs and energy - efficient appliances , etc .
Unplugging appliances .
Here ’s a more interesting question .
The idea that plugged - in appliances leak phantom electricity is of course nuts .
However , plenty of household devices do use energy in standby mode .
The best - known example is a computer , but TVs also eat electricity while plugged in .
( Generally it ’s just a couple watts , but some high - def models use more than 40 watts . )
Then you ’ve got those electronic gadgets drawing power from a plug - in trans­former , the familiar black box known as a wall wart or brick .
The box stays warm even when you ’re not using the gadget .
That ’s waste heat , and it costs .
The question is how much .
Some claim these energy vampires account for 4 percent of your home electricity usage , with total waste as high as 5 to 10 percent .
However , here at the Straight Dope we do n’t put much stock in mere claims .
We want the facts .
I assigned my assistant Una , a licensed professional engineer , to do a survey of her house with a Kill A Watt P4400 meter to see how much power was being wasted by wall warts and standby appliances .
The total for her entire house was 12 watts , with half of that going to one old and rarely used VCR .
While she did have a lot of wall warts plugged in , most of them drew so little power the meter would n’t display it .
However , over a year that idling VCR projects to use more than 52 kilowatt - hours , costing about $ 5.17 at her electric rate .
We ’ll guess Una wastes maybe $ 10 annually for the whole house .
Now , you can multiply ten bucks by the number of households in the country and come up with an impressive number .
Unplugging wall warts and turning off computers and such does n’t cost anything .
( Whether it increases wear and tear on the computer is a separate issue . )
Far be it from me to encourage energy profligacy , so if you think it ’s worth your while , go crazy , unplug everything in the house .
Me , I ’m a big - picture guy , and I figure energy is energy .
My lifetime commitment to a better world consists of stuff like ( a ) insulating the hell out of my house , ( b ) buying little cars , and ( c ) taking the el ( that ’s the train , for you forest dwellers ) when Mrs. Adams and I go out for our Valentine ’s date .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Ariel Helwani gets the story :
From the moment news broke on Monday that Dan Henderson had signed with Strikeforce , all eyes pointed to a potential title match against light heavyweight champion Gegard Mousasi .
But when reached via e-mail by FanHouse , the 24 - year - old Dutch fighter said that the organization had yet to approach him about a fight against Henderson .
" That would be an exciting fight for the fans , " he wrote .
" For me , it 's just another fight .
But I understand that a win over a caliber fighter like Dan Henderson is very interesting . "
Mousasi informed FanHouse that his next fight will be contested under K - 1 rules at the Dynamite !!
show on New Year 's Eve in Japan , although his opponent has yet to be made official .
The former DREAM middleweight champion is 1 - 0 in his kickboxing career , defeating Musashi via first - round TKO at last year 's Dynamite !!
show .
When asked when he expects to fight in MMA again , Mousasi noted that his contract states he can only compete on the same Strikeforce shows that feature his fellow M - 1 Global fighter , Fedor Emelianenko .
" So when he fights , I will fight too .
But sooner would be also be fine by me , " he wrote .
Ok , so Strikeforce is now having to compete for their Light Heavyweight champ with K - 1 as well as having to wait on their heavyweight champ Alistair Overeem to get kickboxing out of his system .
But the bit about Mousasi only fighting on Strikeforce shows that feature Fedor is the big news here .
Holy moly !
what a restrictive and baffling contract clause .
I do n't see how that helps anyone , unless its purpose is to tie Mousasi to M - 1 Global longer by dragging out the time it takes him to complete his contract .
Link to more Bloody Elbow coverage of Dynamite !!
Playmates , Mirage , Nickelodeon and NECA Miss the TMNT Boat …
| By
Last weekend 4 KidsTV aired the finale of the Mirage era of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
Although the new cartoon known in fan circles as the 2003 or 2K3 TMNT ( due to the original start date of the cartoon ) already had it ’s series finale a few months back this was the official end of that era .
A stand alone TMNT movie that saw the 2003 Turtles meet up with the 1980 ’s Fred Wolf style Ninja Turtles as well as the Mirage original comics Turtles .
The idea was simple enough and the execution was nearly flawless .
This is the last animated piece that Mirage had a hand in , it ’s the last time 4 Kids worked with the TMNT and it ’s the last bit of celebration before the 25th Anniversary of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is sold off to Nickelodeon .
The film was great and is getting rave reviews from fans and non-fans alike .
Overall everyone ’s interest in the Turtles is up .
Not just from a nostalgia standpoint either .
Kids were excited , adults were interested , it ’s a great time to hock a ton of TMNT merchandise .
So where is the Turtles Forever toy line ?
I ’ll tell you where …
It does n’t exist .
Playmates has had a rough year with a failed Star Trek and Terminator line .
The Retro TMNT figures did n’t light the world on fire either , though high prices and poor case packouts are largely responsible for that .
A Turtles Forever line would have been a great chance for Playmates to embrace the Turtles and they could have made new figures of everyone .
From the 2K3 Turtles and their core villains , to the 80’s Turtles and their core villains and even Mirage Turtles .
So why did n’t they ?
Did Mirage not push hard enough to get toys for this TV movie made ?
Did Playmates not feel they would have made money ?
Did the two companies just not keep track of it ?
Whatever the case it marks one of the biggest blunders in toy history .
A Turtles Forever line would have sold like gangbusters .
A chance to have the 2K3 , the Mirage and 80 ’s Turtles all in the same line , same scale , would have worked .
Instead folks are left with no merchandise whatsoever .
Even the regular TMNT toy line is non-existent at the moment .
All fans can do is buy retro figures or TMNT Movie figs at a few TRU locations .
Instead most folks are picking up old figures off of Ebay to help rekindle their interest .
In the midst of all of this is NECA .
They currently have the rights to do a TMNT line on the comics alone .
Had they managed to get their Seres 2 in to stores by now , they could have rode the back of the Turtles Forever wave , especially in the absence of a Playmates Turtles Forever toy line .
Instead , we still have no signs of Wave 2 ever coming .
Nickelodeon which just secured the rights to the TMNT , I encourage you to make a Turtles Forever line .
Push Playmates to make one , all encompassing Turtles line .
With 80 ’s style Turtles and villians , 2K3 Turtles and villains as well as working in new figures from whatever your new Turtles show will look like .
I promise you , a Turtles Forever line would sell to kids and collectors alike .
It ’s what the fans are clamoring for and it ’s a complete mess that all the current keepers of the Green Machine missed that boat .
The telescope changed our lives , and this book is about how it happened .
Seeing and Believing tells only a fraction of a 400 - year - story , and – since it was written in 1998 – it cannot even hint at the last decade of eye - opening discoveries .
It is furthermore a very short book , so its scope is constrained .
If you want to know how to design , fabricate and use your own telescope , this book will be no help .
But Seeing and Believing is still my candidate for the best introduction to this founding instrument of the scientific revolution .
The key words in the subtitle are " how we found our place in the universe " , and Panek 's account reminds us in short and vivid ways of the disorderly progress of scientific discovery .
For instance , we learn that Galileo did not " invent " the telescope in 1609 , as is popularly supposed , nor was he even the first to think of using it for scientific exploration .
Roger Bacon had predicted the " wonders of refracted vision " in 1267 and , more than three decades before Galileo , at least two writers had described peering into the distance with the aid of lenses .
Cover art : Seeing and Believing by Richard Panek
Nor was Galileo the first to look at the heavens through a spyglass : the Englishman Thomas Harriot beat him to it by months , but failed to tell anybody .
But in November 1609 Galileo began to use two lenses in a cylinder to look at the moon , Jupiter and the sun , and recognised the significance of what he saw .
He saw that the moon 's topography was Earth - like , that Jupiter had moons and that the sun had spots .
This was all very unorthodox and heretical , and Panek offers a vivid snapshot of the medieval cosmology that Copernicus , Kepler and Galileo between them overturned : the celestial order in which an imperfect Earth was the centre of the universe , and the moon , sun and stars revolved about it , set in perfect , crystalline spheres of increasing moral excellence .
The planets – the " wanderers " – required a bit of explaining , which is why the story starts with them .
And if the moon had mountains and seas , like Earth , then it was n't as " heavenly " as had been supposed .
If Jupiter had moons revolving about it , then it had something in common with Earth : they were both planets .
And the " wandering " of the planets made geometrical sense if the Sun was the centre of creation , rather than the Earth .
Why should we believe long - dead authorities such as Aristotle and Ptolemy when our eyes tell us something different ?
Why rely on ancient authors when we can open the book of nature and read a different and better story ?
The revolution proceeded erratically , but within two generations amazing things had happened .
The first telescopes presented problems of focal length , chromatic aberration , narrow field of view and so on .
You could see planetary furniture that you had never seen before , but the stars remained enigmatic points of light .
Galileo , with a smugness that his contemporaries must have found ever so annoying , was convinced he had discovered almost all there was to discover : " It was granted to me alone to discover all the new phenomena in the sky and nothing to anybody else . "
Some people , including Christopher Wren , believed him .
Some people continued to believe that the naked eye was a better instrument than two lumps of glass in a tube .
But the new community of lens - grinding astronomers got on with the challenge .
If the sun was the centre of our world , how far away was it ?
If light was the agency of discovery , was it instantaneous , or did it move ?
If so , how fast did it move ?
In 1676 , less than one lifetime on from Galileo , the Danish astronomer Ole Romer predicted an eclipse of a Jovian moon , and having calculated the changing orbital locations of the Earth and Jupiter at that time , boldly claimed that the eclipse would be visible 10 minutes later than expected .
He was dead right , and he used the result to settle the matter : light moved , at a speed of 140,000 miles a second .
Given the quality of the clocks and observing instruments of the day , that was pretty close to the true figure .
To make such a calculation , he and other astronomers had to have an idea of the diameter of the Earth 's orbit , and they got a good ballpark figure in the same decade .
By 1728 , the English astronomer James Bradley had used this value for the Earth 's orbital journey to try to calculate the distance to a star by observing from two separate points .
Look at something first with one eye covered , and then the other , and see how the observed object seems to move .
The apparent shift in position is called the parallax , and the nearer the object the bigger will be the parallax .
From his standpoint on the Earth in orbit , Bradley tried to measure the stellar distance by making observations six months and therefore ( we now know ) 186 million miles apart .
He could detect no apparent movement , but he used this negative result to calculate that , because he could observe no parallax , therefore the nearest star ( apart from the sun ) must be at least 36 trillion miles away .
So , in less than two lifetimes , astronomers already had a grasp of the depth of space .
Heaven was n't a " vault " , it was somewhere that went on and on .
They also rather gave up on the stars until the Hanoverian William Herschel came along and with the innocence of the amateur , built better telescopes and looked at the whole sky , spotted Uranus , discovered infra-red radiation and formulated in a sentence the significance of a finite value for the speed of light : " A telescope with the power of penetrating into space , has also , it may be called , a power of penetrating into time past . "
By 1859 , someone had used a spectroscope to identify the elemental make - up of the sun ; by 1888 , a camera fitted to a telescope had collected enough light to discern the spiral structure of Andromeda ; and within another lifetime , Edwin Hubble had confirmed that the Milky Way galaxy was n't the beginning and the end of the universe , it was just a speck of matter in the enormity of everything .
The story goes on , and Panek 's version of it reminds us that such revolutionary discoveries arose from a worldwide , non -stop , free - for - all of competing , collaborating and communicating enthusiasts , who often bickered , but also generously exchanged their data , their ideas , and their techniques .
We have an " exaltation " of larks and a " charm " of finches , but what 's the right collective noun for a bunch of astronomers ?
How about a focus group ?
Guns , Germs , and Steel by Jared Diamond Photograph : Public Domain
In the querulous crossfire that followed last month 's book on race , IQ and dubious anthropology , @EndPseudoscience suggested that club members might look at a book by Jared Diamond which " explains this subject very well . "
Thanks ,
EP , the club will be back in February and the next book is indeed Guns , Germs , and Steel by Jared Diamond
There are a couple of “ beginner ’s mistakes ” when thinking about Free Software in general and its commercial application , in particular .
One is to believe there was a substantial difference in the software referred to by the terms “ Free Software ” and “ Open Source . ”
There is n’t .
As far as the actual software is concerned , both terms are as synonymous as things get in real life , with experts debating about details around the fringes .
The differences between the terms lie in framing and brand .
From the perspective of brand management , Open Source is a failed re-branding effort over which its creators lost control , followed by brand degradation through abuse and over - extension into areas such as business and development models .
This has become another beginner ’s mistake in Free Software , as highlighted in “ What makes a Free Software company ? ” .
In a recent article , Jeroen van Meeuwen raised the point of brand awareness , and the fact that a brand can never be strictly controlled or managed , because it ultimately refers to “ anyone ’s gut feeling ” about something .
But this does not mean that branding issues should be ignored , because it is possible to influence anyone ’s gut feeling , as some corporations have demonstrated over the years .
But there is no brand manager for Free Software , and there is no communication discipline on issues of brand among the many people , projects , organisations , companies and governmental bodies that make up the Free Software ecosystem .
This is the strategic weakness that companies like Microsoft and SAP are seeking to exploit when they do their own shaping of what anyone ’s gut feeling about the terms “ Open Source ” and “ Free Software ” might be .
Unsurprisingly , their idea of what people ’s gut feeling should be revolves around dominance of “ mixed models ” of proprietary and Free Software .
Besides noteworthy write - ups on the Free Software Economy , Carlo Daffara also published some good evidence on why the mixed models are not among the most important and on the decline .
So there is very little data to back up the spin provided by SAP , in particular , but there is a very clear motivation .
If it becomes anyone ’s gut feeling that mixed models are indeed the norm , it would allow them to leverage the strategic benefits of Free Software for themselves , while withholding them from their customers in order to extract monopoly rent on their own products .
Another approach by which companies such as SAP and Microsoft seek to steer the brand is by escalating , aggravating and encouraging conflict between false enemies , and by seeking to harmonize the wider community with false friends .
False Enemies and False Friends
There are plenty of false enemies to go around .
Ironically , the most common form of false enemy is found around the animosity that has built around branding and framing issues , more specifically in the area of “ Free Software ” vs “ Open Source . ”
Name - calling and quarrelling on either side is not helpful , and serves to hide the common base and interest in having a strong brand and powerful message .
The historical facts around Free Software are well documented and available to anyone who wishes to look them up .
But instead of focussing on past insults and wrongs , I believe our focus should be on the future .
We should realise that what divides us pales in comparison to what we have in common and that division and exclusion are harmful to us all .
So we should rein in the name - callers on either side , and empower those people who know how to build cooperation , corporations , and positive feedback loops .
The second form of false enemies use Free Software according to the parameters defined by the license chosen for a certain project , but do not contribute back .
These companies make use of the freedoms that were explicitly granted , but often find themselves heavily criticised for falling into the gap between unwritten community rules and explicit legal regimes .
This criticism conveys a rather unhelpful lesson : Use of Free Software gives rise to public criticism and risks the company ’s public profile .
This is not the message the Free Software community should want to send .
Active citizenship is an asset , and should be encouraged .
But as long as companies meet their legal obligations , they should be at liberty to be hermits .
Not only is it impossible to enforce willing pro-active participation , through public criticism and stigma public perception of these companies overlaps with those who break the explicit legal rules .
This discourages legal discipline and weakens the brand by confusing “ anyone ’s gut feeling . ”
The alternative is to welcome any party taking measures to be a good citizen and follow the explicit legal rules , and grant them liberty to choose their own path .
The value of active participation and contribution has to be taught , not forced upon .
Once such companies understand the strategic implications of forsaking the opportunity to co-shape the direction of the platform one ’s business depends upon to competitors , it is likely that more active citizenship will follow as the logical consequence .
The Free Software community needs to allow for a learning curve , and distinguish between good citizens – be they active or not – and false friends , which seek to maximise their own benefit at the expense of others .
There are two typical strategies these companies employ : license abuse and brand abuse .
License abuse is most often related to non-compliance with the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , as the GPL is not only the most popular Free Software license overall , it is also the flagship license of the Copyleft principle and used for the vast majority of the GNU / Linux system .
Free Software licenses are based on copyright , so violation of these licenses can and is being prosecuted by groups such as gpl-violations.org , FSFE ’s Freedom Task Force , the FSF ’s GPL Compliance Lab and the SFLC .
Groups such as the KDE e.V. are building their own legal infrastructure and consolidate their copyright also because this will enable them to more effectively curb license abuse in the future .
So license abuse is increasingly well covered , and there is public material available , such as FSFE ’s guide to reporting and fixing license violations , the FSF ’s GNU GPL FAQ , or the SFLC ’s Legal Issues Primer for Open Source and Free Software Projects .
The room for license abuse is shrinking dramatically , and while genuine mistakes still happen and are typically fixed through cooperative structural remedies by FSFE ‘s FTF and others , repeated mistakes are unlikely to meet unlimited patience , as the lawsuits of the past years have demonstrated .
Brand abuse is more subtle in comparison .
At times accompanied by license abuse , the typical brand abuse takes the form of companies marketing their proprietary products as “ Open Source . ”
The vector for this abuse is “ anyone ’s gut feeling ” that Open Source translates to “ visible source code . ”
This criterion is insufficient to meet the guidelines set by the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) for what constitutes Open Source , but seems to dominate a significant part of the brand at the moment .
There is also brand abuse taking place for “ Free Software ” , but this abuse seems less profitable and thus less prevalent , as it plays on the mistaken gut feeling that Free Software is defined by zero price , although the definition by the FSF highlights the four freedoms as the defining set of criteria and the Debian Free Software Guidelines describe what was later used as the definition for the term Open Source .
Even if it were n’t for the common root of all definitions , combination of terms such as “ FOSS ” and “ FLOSS ” has firmly tied both brands together in public perception .
Gut feeling about one has bearing on the other , people make the assumption that Open Source is always gratis , and that Free Software means that the source code is visible .
So brand abuse and degradation is an issue that affects the entire Free Software ecosystem , regardless of preferred branding and framing .
That brand degradation is harmful for all companies and commercial endeavours in Free Software , as it weakens the ability to communicate an essential part of the unique sales proposition .
This was also the guiding reason for FSFE ‘s “ We speak about Free Software ” initiative and has been thematised in Mark Taylor ’s article “ What vendors really mean by ‘ open source ’ ” .
Since brand is about public perception , the only remedy is through public communication to re-focus the brand .
This would necessarily include elements such as information about the true meaning of the brand , criticism of brand abuse by the entire community – commercial and non-commercial entities alike – and exclusion of brand abusive companies from formal or informal cooperation to avoid legitimising their redefinition of the common brand .
Control over a brand can never be absolute simply because one voice , no matter how powerful , will never be able to drown out the many individual voices of all the people whose gut feeling defines the brand .
There may be an advantage in a single message for a single brand , as it is typically handled by any particular corporate entity for its own products and name .
But when it comes to public perception , there may also be an advantage to a community of millions that has a common interest to keep its brand strong .
While the message of brand abusing companies often seems to align very well with the community , they live at its expense , putting actual Free Software companies at a competitive disadvantage .
It is time this community of people , companies , organisations and governmental bodies understood the relevance of keeping its brand strong to empower itself and its own .
Because shaping anyone ’s gut feeling ultimately is in anyone ’s power , yours included .
" Black Desi " in the YouTube video
A YouTube video suggesting that face recognition cameras installed in HP laptops cannot detect black faces has had over one million views .
The short movie , uploaded earlier this month , features " Black Desi " and his colleague " White Wanda " .
When Wanda , a white woman , is in front of the screen , the camera zooms to her face and moves as she moves .
But when Desi , a black man , does the same , the camera does not respond by tracking him .
The clip is light - hearted in tone but is titled " HP computers are racist " .
" HP has been informed of a potential issue with the facial - tracking software included on some of its systems , which appears to occur when insufficient foreground lighting is available , " an HP spokesman told BBC News .
" We take this seriously and are looking into it with our partners . "
Over 90 per cent of women own an item of clothing with the tags still on
A quarter of women only wear 10 per cent of the clothes in their wardrobes , according to a study released today .
It showed that 91 per cent have an item in their cupboard that still has the tags on and 79 per cent have bought something in the past that they knew they would never wear .
The poll , commissioned by Mycelebrityfashion.co.uk , interviewed 1,623 women aged 18-30 .
Nothing to wear : A quarter of women only wear 10 per cent of the clothes in their wardrobes , and 91 per cent own items with the tags still on
It found that 84 per cent confessed to keeping hold of clothes that were too small for them , and 46 per cent said that they had something in their wardrobe that was over 10 years old , in the hope that it would come back into fashion .
Of the women who wore less than half the clothes in their wardrobes , the main reason was habit , with 53 per cent admitting that they were stuck in a style rut .
Only eight per cent claimed to wear all the clothes they owned , but three in five said they had duplicate items in their wardrobe , such as two pairs of the same jeans .
Sixty - seven per cent liked the idea of a capsule wardrobe , an idea popularised by television fashion stylist Gok Wan , in which women collect around 20 classic items that can be worn in different combinations to make up multiple outfits and looks .
One in three women said they were unhappy with their style , and more than half said their financial situation prevented them from getting the look they wanted .
Andy Barr , of Mycelebrityfashion .co.uk said : ' I think this new study proves that although plenty of women have shopped all of their lives , they still feel they have nothing to wear .
' It 's really surprising that so many women wear so little of the clothes they actually own .
' The idea of a capsule wardrobe is becoming a more popular concept , but I think it will be a long time before the majority of females narrow their wardrobe down to just 20 staple items .
' As for those who feel they can't have the style they want due to cost , more need to realise that celebrity style can be theirs for a fraction of the price that the stars pay , ' he added .
' High street retailers have a lot to offer . '
Direct communication between Earth and Mars can be strongly disturbed and even blocked by the Sun for weeks at a time , cutting off any future human mission to the Red Planet .
An ESA engineer working with engineers in the UK may have found a solution using a new type of orbit combined with continuous - thrust ion propulsion .
The European researchers studied a possible solution to a crucial problem affecting future human missions to Mars : how to ensure reliable radio communication even when Mars and Earth line up at opposite sides of the Sun , which then blocks any signal between mission controllers on Earth and astronauts on the red surface .
The natural alignment , known as a conjunction , happens approximately every 780 days , and would seriously degrade and even block transmission of voice , data and video signals .
The research findings were released this week at the 60th International Astronautical Congress ( IAC ) , the world 's biggest space event , being held in Daejeon , South Korea .
This new solution is one result of a € 100 000 study funded by ESA 's General Studies Programme to catalogue non-traditional orbital zones throughout the Solar System that could be exploited thanks to emerging propulsion technologies .
According to the paper , " Non-Keplerian Orbits Using Low Thrust , High ISP Propulsion Systems , " an innovative solution to the Mars communication problem may be found by placing a pair of communication relay satellites into a very special type of orbit near Mars : a so - called ' B - orbit ' ( in contrast to an ' A - orbit ' , based on natural orbital laws ) .
However , to counter the effects of gravity and remain in place , they would have to be equipped with cutting - edge electric ion propulsion .
The ion thrusters , powered by solar electricity and using tiny amounts of xenon gas as propellant , would hold the satellites in a B - orbit in full view of both Mars and Earth .
The satellites could then relay radio signals throughout the Mars–Earth conjunction season , ensuring that astronauts at Mars were never out of touch with Earth .
Titanium dioxide ( TiO2 ) nanoparticles , found in everything from cosmetics to sunscreen to paint to vitamins , caused systemic genetic damage in mice , according to a comprehensive study conducted by researchers at UCLA 's Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center .
The TiO2 nanoparticles induced single - and double - strand DNA breaks and also caused chromosomal damage as well as inflammation , all of which increase the risk for cancer .
The UCLA study is the first to show that the nanoparticles had such an effect , said Robert Schiestl , a professor of pathology , radiation oncology and environmental health sciences , a Jonsson Cancer Center scientist and the study 's senior author .
Once in the system , the TiO2 nanoparticles accumulate in different organs because the body has no way to eliminate them .
And because they are so small , they can go everywhere in the body , even through cells , and may interfere with sub-cellular mechanisms .
The study appears this week in the journal Cancer Research .
In the past , these TiO2 nanoparticles have been considered non-toxic in that they do not incite a chemical reaction .
Instead , it is surface interactions that the nanoparticles have within their environment - in this case inside a mouse - that is causing the genetic damage , Schiestl said .
They wander throughout the body causing oxidative stress , which can lead to cell death .
It is a novel mechanism of toxicity , a physicochemical reaction , these particles cause in comparison to regular chemical toxins , which are the usual subjects of toxicological research , Schiestl said .
" The novel principle is that titanium by itself is chemically inert .
However , when the particles become progressively smaller , their surface , in turn , becomes progressively bigger and in the interaction of this surface with the environment oxidative stress is induced , " he said .
" This is the first comprehensive study of titanium dioxide nanoparticle - induced genotoxicity , possibly caused by a secondary mechanism associated with inflammation and / or oxidative stress .
Given the growing use of these nanoparticles , these findings raise concern about potential health hazards associated with exposure . "
The manufacture of TiO2 nanoparticles is a huge industry , Schiestl said , with production at about two million tons per year .
In addition to paint , cosmetics , sunscreen and vitamins , the nanoparticles can be found in toothpaste , food colorants , nutritional supplements and hundreds of other personal care products .
" It could be that a certain portion of spontaneous cancers are due to this exposure , " Schiestl said .
" And some people could be more sensitive to nanoparticles exposure than others .
" I believe the toxicity of these nanoparticles has not been studied enough . "
Schiestl said the nanoparticles cannot go through skin , so he recommends using a lotion sunscreen .
Spray - on sunscreens could potentially be inhaled and the nanoparticles can become lodged in the lungs .
The mice were exposed to the TiO2 nanoparticles in their drinking water and began showing genetic damage on the fifth day .
The human equivalent is about 1.6 years of exposure to the nanoparticles in a manufacturing environment .
However , Schiestl said , it 's not clear if regular , everyday exposure in humans increases exponentially as continued contact with the nanoparticles occurs over time .
" These data suggest that we should be concerned about a potential risk of cancer or genetic disorders especially for people occupationally exposed to high concentrations of titanium dioxide nanoparticles , and that it might be prudent to limit their ingestion through non-essential drug additives , food colors , etc. , " the study states .
Next , Schiestl and his team will study exposure to the nanoparticles in mice that are deficient in DNA repair , to perhaps help find a way to predict which people might be particularly sensitive to them .
###
The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health .
Nearly seven months after highlighting the vulnerability of banking , energy and communications systems to Internet attacks , the White House on Tuesday is expected to name a technology industry veteran to coordinate competing efforts to improve the nation ’s cybersecurity in both military and civilian life .
The decision to appoint Howard A. Schmidt , an industry executive with government experience who served as a cybersecurity adviser in the Bush administration and who also has a military and law enforcement background , is seen as a compromise between factions .
Government officials and industry executives say there has been a behind - the - scenes dispute over whether strict new regulations are necessary to protect the network that increasingly weaves together the vast majority of the world ’s computers .
Mr. Schmidt will report to the National Security Council  not both to the council and to the National Economic Council , as previously planned , an administration official said on Monday .
Mr. Schmidt will also “ have regular access to the president , ” said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he had not been authorized to talk publicly about the appointment .
Cybersecurity has taken on new urgency this year in the face of a growing range of cyberattacks and reports of vulnerabilities in business and military computing systems .
Indeed , at the May 29 announcement of his administration ’s decision to create the position of cybersecurity coordinator , Mr. Obama described how during his presidential campaign computer intruders had “ gained access to e-mails and a range of campaign files , from policy position papers to travel plans . ”
The Hanging Coffins of Sagada
Sagada could n’t get more mystifying without the elements of the mummies .
When you go to Sagada caves in Philippines there are hanging coffins to be found on the cliffs made of limestone .
About six hours by bus ( twice this amount of time in the wet season ) from the Luzon island town of Banaue , north of Manila , the people of Sagada have devised a unique burial ritual involving the placement of dead relatives into caves after carefully preparing a hollowed out log .
These coffins are carved by the elderly before they die ; if they are too ill or weak their son or other close relative will do it for them .
This ritual involves pushing the bodies into the tight spaces of the coffins , and often bones are cracked and broken as the process is completed .
After the deceased are put inside these coffins they are then brought to caves high in the cliffs where they join the coffins of other ancestors .
The Segada people prefer to be buried in the cliffs than to be buried in the ground and have been doing this for more than 2,000 years .
In some caves hundreds of coffins are lined up , and unfortunately tourists are unregulated in this area , some have even taken some of the bones as souvenirs .
If you do visit these caves , make sure you get a guide as some of the caves are hard to find and the roads can be tricky to navigate .
Video :
Sometimes the biggest stress when you ’re walking around university is the amount of stuff you ’re carrying .
Textbooks , papers , sheets , planners , food , water , phone , wallet / purse … the list goes on .
It weighs you down , sucks your energy and can damage your back in the long run if you ’re not careful .
It can create stress from not being able to find something , or forgetting to take something with you because you thought it was ‘ somewhere in there ’ .
Why not only carry the minimum amount you need with you for that one day ?
Here are 5 steps to help you out :
1 . A thin folder .
Instead of carrying all of your sheets from the whole week , or an entire pad of lined paper , just carry what you think you will need for that day – a few notes and a few pieces of paper .
When are you going to use a whole pad of 150 sheets in one day ?
Do you really need those sheets from last week today ?
Each night , take out all of the things you do n’t need and add anything you do .
This will help you keep things filed away and it will shave off a bit of weight off your back .
2. A smaller purse / wallet .
It ’s easy to fill up a purse or wallet if there ’s lot ’s of room .
Receipts and loose change are some of the main culprits .
Keep those pennies in a jar at home or only take a few around with you .
Try to carry only the amount of money you will probably need that day , as well as any cards or ID .
Discard receipts straight away if you know you do n’t want them ( eg. for food ) or make sure you put them in away as soon as possible if you want to keep them for a while ( eg. clothes ) , but do n’t forget to throw those away after a while too .
3 . A smaller bag .
Carrying on from the previous point , downsizing your actual bag or rucksack can help you to carry less as well .
It will make you question yourself when you can’t carry all of your textbooks and your laptop with you that day .
Do you really need to have that book ?
Or can you use the library ’s one ?
Do you have to have your laptop , or can you use the computer clusters ?
If you really do need to have that stuff , at least a smaller bag will mean you might be able to find things easier instead of wasting time rummaging about .
4 . A smart phone .
I am a big advocate of writing things down because I think it helps you remember things better .
But sometimes , if you can afford it , a smartphone can store a copy of your timetable , or help you set reminders and book appointments , instead of having it all on a million bits of paper or in a thick planner .
Also , if it is connected to the internet and has some basic functions , it can also replace your laptop for surfing as well as a separate voice recorder , if you use one .
5 . An ebook reader .
Digital books will always only weigh the amount of the ebook reader , no matter how many you carry .
And you do n’t have to worry about forgetting , damaging or carrying your expensive and / or heavy books .
Also , because the books do n’t have to be printed , distributed and stored , they usually cost a little bit less and are much greener .
Minimalism in this case is n’t about making your life harder because you wo n’t have all the materials you need .
It ’s about carrying only what is essential , because is n’t that all you need ?
In 1999 , Amazon first attempted to enter the publishing business by buying a defunct imprint , " Weathervane " , and publishing some books " selected with no apparent thought " , according to The New Yorker .
The imprint quickly vanished again , and as of 2014 Amazon representatives said that they had never heard of it . [ 37 ]
Also in 1999 , Time magazine named Bezos the Person of the Year when it recognized the company 's success in popularizing online shopping . [ 38 ]
In March 2015 , it was reported in The Verge that Amazon will be removing non-compete clauses of 18 months in length from its US employment contracts for hourly - paid workers , after criticism that it was acting unreasonably in preventing such employees from finding other work .
Even short - term temporary workers have to sign contracts that prohibit them from working at any company where they would " directly or indirectly " support any good or service that competes with those they helped support at Amazon , for 18 months after leaving Amazon , even if they are fired or made redundant .
[ 190 ] [ 191 ]
When it comes to TV sales personalities , none are more famous and revered than the late Billy Mays .
Mays ran commercials for dozens of different products , but perhaps the most popular of those products was OxiClean , which is an easy to use , non-toxic , and remarkably effective cleaning detergent that can take care of dishes , polish silver , and clean virtually anything else .
Billy Mays put his trademark enthusiasm behind the product , and its quality is known worldwide .
If you missed the phone number on that infomercial the last time it came onto your screen , Collections Etc. is always expanding our online As Seen on TV catalog to include the latest , greatest and hardest to find products .
The next time you see something on the screen that you have to have , head to our store to buy it securely online or through our catalog .
Collections Etc. is happy to offer great prices , easy ordering and lower prices for members on unique As Seen on TV products for your home !
Whether you 're cleaning the garage or cleaning yourself , preparing for work or preparing a snack , you 'll enjoy using brilliant items from HSN .
Find a great present for a friendly coworker or a personal and thoughtful item for your close family member .
Browse these highly - rated items today and discover gifts of many styles and sizes for all the important people in your life .
All products and services featured are selected by our editors .
Real Simple may receive compensation for some links to products and services in this email on this website .
Offers may be subject to change without notice .
Real Simple is part of the Meredith Home Group .
© Copyright Meredith Corporation .
All Rights Reserved .
Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited | Privacy policy | Terms of Service | Ad Choices | Your California Privacy Rights | EU Data Subject Requests
In July 1995 , the company began service as an online bookstore . [ 31 ]
The first book sold on Amazon.com was Douglas Hofstadter 's Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies : Computer Models of the Fundamental Mechanisms of Thought . [ 32 ]
In the first two months of business , Amazon sold to all 50 states and over 45 countries .
Within two months , Amazon 's sales were up to $ 20,000 / week . [ 33 ]
In October 1995 , the company announced itself to the public . [ 34 ]
In 1996 , it was reincorporated in Delaware .
Amazon issued its initial public offering of stock on May 15 , 1997 , at $ 18 per share , trading under the NASDAQ stock exchange symbol AMZN . [ 35 ]
Hi ,
To provide a more secure and pleasant fashion experience at hm.com you will login by using your email .
Just enter your current password to continue .
If you need help , feel free to get in touch with us at {0 }
Make sure to be the first to know what ’s going on in the world of fashion , sign up to our newsletter .
Hi ,
To provide a more secure and pleasant fashion experience at hm.com we ask you to use an email address as your Username .
If you need help , feel free to get in touch with us at 1-855-272-7007 .
Amazon runs data centers for its online services and owns generators or purchases electricity corresponding to its consumption , mostly renewable energy . [ 139 ]
Amazon contracted with Avangrid to build and operate the first wind farm in North Carolina to power Amazon 's Virginia data centers .
The wind farm was built and began operating in December 2016 despite opposition from President Trump and some North Carolina Republican legislators . [ 140 ] [ 141 ] [ 142 ] [ 143 ] [ 144 ]
Shelfari was a social cataloging website for books .
Shelfari users built virtual bookshelves of the titles which they owned or had read and they could rate , review , tag and discuss their books .
Users could also create groups that other members could join , create discussions and talk about books , or other topics .
Recommendations could be sent to friends on the site for what books to read .
Amazon bought the company in August 2008 . [ 100 ]
Shelfari continued to function as an independent book social network within the Amazon until January 2016 , when Amazon announced that it would be merging Shelfari with Goodreads and closing down Shelfari . [ 102 ] [ 103 ]
Our jam - packed As Seen on TV web store is an excellent destination for anyone looking for all - time infomercial classics — Flex Seal , Topsy Turvy , Tac Glasses , Rocky Mountain Tumbler , Power Air Fryer and much more — as well as unique and novel products that you did n’t even know you needed !
Some of our most popular items in this category are As Seen on TV car products that make cleaning and driving your car all the more enjoyable .
Here you ’ll also find personal care items , organizational accessories and extras designed to simplify cooking , cleaning , grilling and general living .
Shortly after the first Kindle launched , Amazon premiered its Kindle Direct Publishing platform to let authors self - publish and sell books on Amazon .
Two years later , the company launched its own suite of professional imprints called Amazon Publishing .
Amazon now oversees tens of millions of self - published works on its platform and nearly two dozen imprints .
In 2017 , Amazon had more than 83 percent of all US ebook sales .
Faces of the fallen : Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officers Ronald Owens , 37 ; Tina Griswold , 40 ; Gregory Richards , 42 .
Scroll for updates … SWAT team reportedly surrounded a Clemmons family home late Sunday … KIRO TV in Seattle has details … Reward for information leading to arrest now up to $ 120,000 … 4:15 am Eastern 11/30 … hostage negotiator on loudspeaker attempting to communicate with Clemmons … Twitter hashtag for latest breaking developments : # lakeshoot … Live Seattle police scanner stream via KOMO here … 4:37 am Eastern … residents reporting hearing flashbangs …
Officer ’s message to Clemmons : “ I can tell you this , we are not going away ” … 11:20 am Eastern … Clemmons NOT found in home surrounded by police ; area college students , workers warned … 12:51 pm Eastern .
Latest report says Clemmons was seen getting off a metro bus on the UW campus … Beacon
Hill park now being searched … Lakewood PD chief scheduled to hold news conference … livestream here … Chief Brett Farrar near tears , says talking to victims ’ families was “ hardest thing I ’ve ever had to do and I hope I never have to do it again ” … says he and his fellow police officers “ will be there to do our jobs for the citizens of Lakewood ” …
On police scanner , SPD still searching for fugitive Clemmons …
Huckabee ’s Willie Horton II ?
A deadly ambush at a coffee shop near Tacoma , Washington on Sunday morning left four police officers dead .
A vigil attended by an estimated 700 mourners and well - wishers was held Sunday night for the fallen at Champion ’s Center church in Tacoma .
Read about the lives , loves , and dedication to service of the fallen officers here .
The Lakewood Police Independent Guild profiles their fallen colleagues here Officer Griswold was a passionate Tea Party activist .
Officer Richards was a drummer .
They were parents working hard for their kids ’ future and dedicated officers protecting and serving :
Tina was our conservative friend .
She was excited to be a part of the Olympia Tea Parties and proudly stated why she got involved in politics over the past year .
Tina was sharp too , only a couple mornings ago we had a great discussion on the future of our Republic and how we felt true limited government conservatives should take back out political party .
If you wanted any details over the massive government spending she would have them for you .
If anyone thinks these comments are off color then you did not know Tina well .
She would tell you where you could go and like Mark you always knew where you stood with her .
She was the toughest little cop I have ever known .
Tina has two children and a husband who loves her deeply .
My gut hurts that I missed your Halloween party this year .
Your memory and strength will help guide our movement to retake our party , this I promise you .
Greg Richards was the drummer in a rock band you would never know was a drummer in a rock band .
Greg was a great cop who cared about one thing above all else , his family .
He was a proud dad to three kids and wanted nothing more than to spend all of his time off with his wife and kids .
Greg and I spent some one on one time together recently at an overtime assignment where he talked mostly about his family , he was obviously so proud .
I will always remember this summer when you and your band rocked the house for our member with all proceeds going to charity when he was in the hospital .
Yantzerpaloza will take on new meaning for us in the coming years .
For someone who does not have much hair , you helped me put it down for a night .
As our Department weeps we know our brothers and sisters are in a place where people do n’t come in a calm place and take your life because of the shield you wear or the basic oath we took .
This will never make sense to us , it can ’t .
There will never be an explanation that works that will heal us .
We can simply hope to take this senseless act of evil and turn it around to motivate our other officers , elected officials , and our entire community to keep make sure these parolees stay in prison and our communities stay safe .
Officer Tina Griswold ’s sister pays tribute .
The man being sought by police was granted clemency by former GOP Arkansas Mike Huckabee despite his violent history and vehement protestations from prosecutors and victims ’ family members .
He was most recently in jail for alleged second - degree rape of a child .
This is n’t Huckabee ’s first Horton moment , as I ’ll remind you in a moment .
Keep the officers and their loved ones in your prayers tonight .
The monstrous details , via the Seattle Times .
Maurice Clemmons , the 37 - year - old Tacoma man being sought for questioning in the killing of four Lakewood police officers this morning , has a long criminal record punctuated by violence , erratic behavior and concerns about his mental health .
Nine years ago , then - Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee granted clemency to Clemmons , commuting his lengthy prison sentence over the protestations of prosecutors .
“ This is the day I ’ve been dreading for a long time , ” Larry Jegley , prosecuting attorney for Arkansas ’ Pulaski County said Sunday night when informed that Clemmons was being sought in connection to the killings .
Clemmons ’ criminal history includes at least five felony convictions in Arkansas and at least eight felony charges in Washington .
The record also stands out for the number of times he has been released from custody despite questions about the danger he posed .
Clemmons had been in jail in Pierce County for the past several months on a pending charge of second - degree rape of a child .
He was released from custody just six days ago , even though he was wanted on a fugitive warrant out of Arkansas and was staring at eight felony charges in all out of Washington state .
Clemmons posted $ 15,000 with a Chehalis company called Jail Sucks Bail Bonds .
The bondsman , in turn , put up $ 150,000 , securing Clemmons ’ release on the pending child - rape charge .
Clemmons lives in Tacoma , where he has run a landscaping and power - washing business out of his house , according to a police interview with his wife earlier this year .
He was married , but the relationship was tumultuous , with accounts of his unpredictable behavior leading to at least two confrontations with police earlier this year .
During the confrontation in May , Clemmons punched a sheriff ’s deputy in the face , according to court records .
As part of that incident , he was charged with seven counts of assault and malicious mischief .
In another instance , Clemmons was accused of gathering his wife and young relatives around at 3 or 4 in the morning and having them all undress .
A chilling flashback to 2004 from the Arkansas Leader :
Several prosecutors around the state are upset with Gov. Huckabee for grant - ing clemency to violent criminals , but he is blaming the prosecutors for often not seeking the maximum penalty and keeping felons locked up longer .
Until now , Huckabee has refused to comment on his controversial policy of making violent prisoners eligible for parole– they include murderers , armed robbers and rapists , who often return to a life of crime after they ’re freed – but in a statement to The Leader this week , he lashed out at prosecutors for not doing more to keep prisoners behind bars – to which Pulaski County Prosecuting Attor - ney Larry Jegley had this response : “ That ’s a load of baloney . ”
“ I ’m offended as a prosecutor and as a citizen .
He can blame the prosecutors , but ultimately he ’s the man responsible , ” Jegley says .
“ He ’s the only one who can sign on the dotted line . …_
In addition , Jegley , Saline County Prosecuting Attorney Robert Herzfeld and others have accused Huckabee of violating the state Constitution when he commutes sentences without explanation .
The Constitution requires the governor to give reasons why he grants clemency to criminals .
“ He does n’t do it , ” insists Herzfeld , who recently had a clemency overturned because Huckabee did not explain why he commuted a murderer ’s life sentence .
…
Jegley cites numerous examples of Huckabee ’s freeing felons who go on committing more crimes and wind up back in prison .
Maurice Clemmons received a 35 - year sentence in the early 1990s for armed robbery and theft .
His sentence was commuted in May 2000 , and he was let out three months later .
The following March , Clemmons committed two armed robberies and other crimes and was sentenced to 10 years .
You ’d think they ’d keep him locked up after that , but no :
He was paroled last March and is now wanted for aggravated robbery .
ORDER IT NOW If Huckabee decides to set these criminals free , Jegley says , at least “ he ought to give an accounting .
I ca n’t imagine why in the world they ’d want them released from jail .
There ’s a good reason we ’re afraid of them .
The sad truth is that a significant number of people re-offend . ”
The victims ’ families , Jegley says , “ deserve an explanation .
I look into people ’s eyes who ’ve suffered the unspeakable .
I believe they deserve justice .
Via the Arkansas Times blog , here ’s a 1998 court document from Arkansas detailing some of Clemmons ’ criminal history and courtroom threats — including hiding a hinge in his sock that he intended to use as a weapon against a judge and extracting a lock from a jail cell that he threw at his mother during court proceedings :
The circuit court made its foregoing findings and decision to grant postconviction relief based on pretrial events that occurred at Clemmons ’s burglary and theft trial held before Judge Floyd Lofton .
Clemmons ’s defense counsel , Llewellyn J. Marczuk , testifying at the postconviction hearing , related that , at the earlier trial , a security guard had reported to Judge Lofton that Clemmons had taken a hinge from one of the courtroom doors , hid it in his sock , and intended to use it as a weapon .
The hinge was found and taken from him before he harmed anyone .
In another incident , Clemmons extracted a lock from a holding cell , and he later threw the lock which hit his mother .
During this second episode , Clemmons purportedly threatened Judge Lofton .
In a third incident , Clemmons reportedly reached for a guard ’s pistol during his transportation to the courtroom .
Based on these occurrences , Judge Lofton placed Clemmons in leg irons and seated a uniformed officer near him during trial .
This court upheld Judge Lofton ’s remedial actions in Clemmons .
303 Ark. at 267-269 , 795 S.W.2d at 928-929 .
This disaster is just one of Huckabee ’s ill - considered clemency legacies .
Remember Wayne Dumond ?
Again , via the Arkansas Times circa 2005 — a closer look at how Huckabee tried to evade responsibility for setting a convicted rapist free …only to rape again :
Editor ’s note , Sept. 1 , 2005 : Wayne Dumond , convicted of rape in Arkansas and murder in Missouri , died of apparent natural causes in prison Tuesday .
The occasion prompts us to republish Murray Waas ’ prize - winning article for the Arkansas Times in 2002 about the extraordinary steps Gov. Mike Huckabee took to help win Dumond ’s freedom .
He has since blamed others for Dumond ’s release to kill again , but his actions over many years demonstrated his support for Dumond and , ultimately , the instrumental role he played in the parole board ’s decision to free him .
… New sources , including an advisor to Gov. Mike Huckabee , have told the Arkansas Times that Huckabee and a senior member of his staff exerted behind - the - scenes influence to bring about the parole of rapist Wayne Dumond , who Missouri authorities say raped and killed a woman there shortly after his parole .
Huckabee has denied a role in Dumond ’s release , which has become an issue in his race for re-election against Democrat Jimmie Lou Fisher .
Fisher says Huckabee ’s advocacy of Dumond ’s freedom , plus other acts of executive clemency , exhibit poor judgment .
In response , Huckabee has shifted responsibility for Dumond ’s release to others , claiming former Gov. Jim Guy Tucker made Dumond eligible for parole and saying the Post Prison Transfer Board made the decision on its own to free Dumond .
But the Times ’ new reporting shows the extent to which Huckabee and a key aide were involved in the process to win Dumond ’s release .
It was a process marked by deviation from accepted parole practice and direct personal lobbying by the governor , in an apparently illegal and unrecorded closed - door meeting with the parole board ( the informal name by which the Post Prison Transfer Board is known ) .
After Huckabee told the board , in executive session , that he believed Dumond got a “ raw deal , ” according to a board member who was there , and supported his release , board chairman Leroy Brownlee personally paved the way for Dumond ’s release , according to board records and former members .
During that time — from December 1996 to January 1997 — Brownlee regularly consulted with Butch Reeves , the governor ’s prison liaison , on the status of his efforts , two state officials have told the Times . …• Dumond was transferred to the Tucker unit in December 1996 , after his request for rehearing .
Had he stayed at Varner , he could not have been scheduled for a new hearing before Jan. 20 , 1997 , Huckabee ’s deadline to act on his announcement that he was considering commuting Dumond ’s sentence .
His transfer — which the Department of Corrections has explained in conflicting ways — allowed him to get on the Tucker hearing schedule , which let the board parole Dumond before Huckabee ’s deadline — and thus take the heat for his release .
When the board paroled Dumond in January 1997 , he had been in prison since 1985 for the rape of Ashley Stevens , a Forrest City high school student .
The board made Dumond ’s parole conditional upon his moving out of state , but initially authorities in Florida , Texas , and other states declined to allow him to move there .
Dumond was finally released in October 1999 , when he moved to DeWitt to live with his stepmother .
In August 2000 , Dumond moved to Smithville , Mo. , a rural community outside Kansas City .
He had married a woman from the community who was active in a church group that had visited Dumond in prison and believed him to be innocent .
Only six weeks after Dumond moved to Missouri , Carol Sue Shields , of Parkville , Mo. , was found murdered in a friend ’s home .
She had been sexually assaulted and suffocated .
In late June 2001 , Missouri authorities charged Dumond with the first - degree murder of Shields .
The Clay County , Mo. , prosecutor ’s office asserted that skin found under Shield ’s fingernails , the result of an apparent struggle with her murderer , contained DNA that matched Dumond ’s .
Missouri authorities also say that Dumond is the leading suspect in the rape and murder of a second woman , Sara Andrasek , of Platte County , Mo. , though he has not yet been charged with that crime .
Andrasek was 23 .
Like Shields , Andrasek had her brassiere cut from her body ; Dumond cut Stevens ’ bra off before he raped her .
“ It ’s as if he wanted to leave us his calling card , ” a Missouri law enforcement officer said .
***
The Other McCain has details on how to contribute to the slain officers ’ memorial fund .
The Lakewood massacre comes on the heels of another fatal police officer shooting in the Pacific Northwest :
The shock , anger and heartbreak unleashed by the shooting deaths of four Lakewood police officers on Sunday came less than a month after the execution of a Seattle police officer .
Police say the suspect in the previous shooting wanted to kill as many members of law enforcement as possible .
It was a Halloween night ambush .
Seattle Police Officer Timothy Brenton and Officer Britt Sweeney were sitting in a patrol car following a traffic stop when a car pulled up next to the cruiser and opened fire .
Brenton died instantly .
Sweeney was injured , but survived .
The key clue came from a dashboard camera , which yielded a grainy photo of a Datsun 210 .
The crime scene became a place for people to grieve , comfort each other and remember a man known as a dedicated police officer , a husband and a father of two children .
On Nov. 6 , as thousands gathered at Key Arena for an emotional tribute to Brenton , police converged on a Tukwila apartment complex where the sought Datsun was found under a tarp in the parking lot .
Police confronted suspected gunman , 41 - year - old Christopher Monfort .
When he tried to open fire , police said they shot and wounded him .
Inside Monfort ’s apartment , police found guns , bombs , booby traps and ammunition .
“ His arsenal of weapons suggested both that he was ready to continue his attacks , and that he was preparing to make a final armed stand should he be discovered , ” said King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg .
***
Huck PAC posts a statement on the Lakewood PD massacre ( h/t Allahpundit ) .
Note the passive language and blame - shifting to prosecutors with no explicit mention of Huckabee ’s role in granting clemency over the objections of prosecutors :
… Should he be found to be responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington State .
He was recommended for and received a commutation of his original sentence from 1990 , making him parole eligible and was paroled by the parole board once they determined he met the conditions at that time .
He was arrested later for parole violation and taken back to prison to serve his full term , but prosecutors dropped the charges that would have held him .
It appears that he has continued to have a string of criminal and psychotic behavior but was not kept incarcerated by either state .
Update : Seattle Times reported late Sunday night that a home tied to the Clemmons ’ family had been surrounded by SWAT and law enforcement .
Update : 11:20 am Eastern .
Dear Lord .
Clemmons is NOT in the home .
Area college students and workers , residents , have been warned .
Update 2:00 pm Eastern .
The Seattle Times has Clemmons ’ clemency docs , which detail how he played the Christian card to win his commutation .
Update 3:56 pm Eastern .
New thread on police search here .
Make sure you watch the video flashback on Huckabee and clemency via Allahpundit .
Devastating .
And a few more background links to brush up on before Huckabee ’s Fox News appearance tonight :
December 2007 …
Prosecutors say Huckabee was more inclined to release or reduce the sentences of prisoners if he had direct contact with them or was lobbied by those close to him .
Some inmates who benefited from some sort of personal connection : — James Maxwell , who killed a pastor of the Church of God in Arkansas .
Maxwell worked at the Governor ’s Mansion when Huckabee announced his intent to reduce his prison sentence .
— Samuel W. Taylor , convicted on a drug charge .
A prosecutor said the man had told him Taylor ’s sister had gone to school with Huckabee .
Huckabee said the sister did n’t influence the decision .
Taylor subsequently was arrested on another drug charge .
— Donald W. Clark , convicted of theft .
Huckabee ’s pastor recommended leniency for Clark , whose stepmother worked on Huckabee ’s gubernatorial staff .
— Robert A. Arnold Jr. , who was convicted of killing his father - in - law .
Arnold ’s father , a former mayor of Hope , Huckabee ’s hometown , said he was a casual friend of the governor .
ORDER IT NOW — A pastor who promoted Huckabee among blacks urged the governor to grant clemency to John Henry Claiborne , who was sentenced to 100 years for a 1994 armed robbery , according to a 2004 report in the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette .
Huckabee made Claiborne eligible for parole after receiving a letter from the Rev. Charles Williams , who told the newspaper he had helped win “ many , many ” clemencies from Huckabee .
— Denver Witham , convicted of beating a man to death with a lead pipe at bar , had his sentence commuted by Huckabee .
The action drew the ire of prosecutors who speculated that Huckabee ’s act of clemency was related to Witham , who was lead singer in a prison band , being a fellow musician .
Huckabee has repeatedly faced criticism from prosecutors over his clemency policies .
And in 2002 , Ashley Stevens , the 1984 rape victim , joined Angela McCoy , the daughter of the Rev. Billy Price Bennett who was shot to death in 1979 by James Maxwell , to campaign against Huckabee ’s re-election .
“ I just thought that the power of executive clemency was being exercised on the wrong folks , ” said Pulaski County Prosecutor Larry Jegley , a Democrat who also campaigned against Huckabee .
As for DuMond , the convicted rapist initially was sentenced to life plus 20 years for his conviction in the 1984 rape of Stevens when she was a teenager , but Tucker reduced the sentence to 39 1/2 years , making DuMond eligible for parole .
While Huckabee told reporters last week that DuMond ’s file was waiting for him when he took office , his interest in the case started two years earlier after he met with DuMond ’s wife , Dusty .
When he took office , she contacted Huckabee again .
“ He said if he was ever in a position to look into it he would try to remember it , ” said Dusty DuMond in a 1996 interview with The Associated Press .
Stevens met with Huckabee and his staff in 1996 to discuss his intent to grant clemency .
“ I could tell he had already made up his mind , ” Stevens told the AP last week .
Huckabee argues that it was Tucker ’s decision to reduce DuMond ’s sentence that made him eligible for parole , and he maintains he had little — if any — role in his release .
Still , Huckabee had publicly questioned DuMond ’s guilt and met privately with the state parole board .
And from the invaluable Arkansas Leader circa 2004 :
If you ’re wondering how Gov. Huckabee ’s hundreds of clemencies compare with neighboring states , get ready for a shocker .
Huckabee leads the pack .
He has issued more commutations and pardons than all of the six neighboring states combined .
Governors seldom reduce sentences in other states – and almost never for murderers serving life without parole or for rapists or for habitual drunk drivers , while in Arkansas it ’s a regular habit with Huckabee .
Other governors use their clemency power only rarely , while Huckabee has made it routine .
As we ’ve told you before , he has issued more than 700 pardons and commutations during his eight years in office – more than 137 this year alone – and more than his three predecessors combined .
Here are the figures for neighboring states since 1996 , when Huckabee took office ( and keep in mind the population of these states is nearly 20 times ours ) : ___ >>
Louisiana – 213 . ___ >>
Mississippi – 24 . ___ >>
Missouri – 79 . ___ >>
Oklahoma – 178 . ___ >>
Tennessee – 32 . ___ >>
Texas – 98 ( in - cludes 36 inmates released because they were convicted on drug charges with planted evidence ) .
Total : 624 vs. Huckabee ’s 703 .
Governors in neighboring states almost never grant killers clemency , while Huckabee has commuted the sentences of a dozen murderers .
***
Update 11/30 8:42 pm Eastern .
Huckabee got softball treatment on O’Reilly .
He blamed other prosecutors and judges while downplaying his ill - considered judgment .
There was no discussion of Huck ’s long , controversial record on mass clemencies that resulted in more innocent victims of brutal crimes .
And O’Reilly unbelievably praised Huckabee for his openness in explaning clemency decisions — which should cause the entire state of Arkansas to shake in derisive laughter and revulsion given the former GOP governor ’s stubborn refusal to explain his decisions until forced to so by a massive public backlash .
You can watch the brief interview here .
Missing :
Any mention of the blood - boiling Wayne Dumond clemency , the statistics cited above on Huck ’s reckless clemency mania , and Huck ’s direct role in granting clemencies when lobbied by pastor friends who knew which buttons to push .
Update 12/1 8 am Eastern .
Clemmons is dead .
Family members who aided and abetted him may likely be charged .
His enablers , as we have seen , are many .
The era in which all Britons aspire to own their own home may be coming to an end , according to the Housing minister , John Healey .
In a controversial speech , he suggested that Britain may be moving towards a European model , with renting on a roughly equal footing with buying .
He said home ownership had fallen from 71 per cent of households in 2003 to 68 per cent today , noting that this trend began in 2005 , well before the recession .
" I 'm not sure that 's such a bad thing , " he said .
Mr Healey , a close ally of Gordon Brown , challenged the assumption behind housing policy under both the Tories and Labour since Margaret Thatcher introduced legislation to allow council tenants to buy their homes 30 years ago this month .
It led to two million homes being sold to tenants .
" You do n't need to be a grocer 's daughter to know it is not a good idea to have all your eggs in one basket , " Mr Healey told the Fabian Society .
" Yet not even a drop in the housing market can convince people not to use their home as a store of wealth . "
He said almost a third of people rely on their home to top up pensions .
" The property piggybank is unsustainable and unfair , " he added .
The number of first - time buyers getting parental assistance has doubled in just three years to four out of every five .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Increasingly , those without the property - funded ' Bank of Mum and Dad ' are finding it hard to buy homes of their own , " Mr Healey said .
The gap has widened in the recession , during which the average age of first - time buyers getting parental assistance has stayed the same but the average age of a first - time buyer without parental help has risen from 33 to 37 .
" As housing wealth is passed from parents to children , inequality is compounded over the generations , " he said .
Mr Healey stressed that a similar status between forms of housing tenure did not mean hostility to home ownership , and emphasised a need to find new ways to support those who wanted to become homeowners .
A new model with greater flexibility is needed , he argued , allowing people to change from buying to renting without moving home .
" Not all or nothing , but a flexible system which suits the different stages in people 's lives , " he said .
" In the future , I 'd like to see it be just as easy to sell equity in your home back to the council , housing association or co-operative , allowing people flexible tenure in the same property that adapts to their circumstances .
People may choose to release equity whenever it suits them and build it back up when they can and if they want . "
The pre-Budget report , announced on Wednesday , included commitments to consult on how to increase the supply of housing for private rent .
Mr Healey said decisions " about new institutions through tax changes and incentives " were likely to be made in time for the Budget next March .
The Government has recently started to allow more building by councils , while housing associations rent 2.2 million homes .
Mr Healey wants to expand the number of homes built for private renting by encouraging smaller housebuilders , and seeks a greater role for co-operatives , mutual societies and other third sector providers .
The minister said : " We need new choices in tenure – more opportunities for everyone to have a decent , secure , affordable home .
That means increasing the diversity of tenures , allowing people to move more easily between tenures and putting them on a more - equal footing with home ownership , as they are in other European countries . "
Gains from rising house prices were tax - free , encouraging people to make their home their main investment , he said .
He floated the idea of allowing people who rent tax - free savings bonds " to build assets and store wealth " .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
He went on : " Renting will be more stable , more secure , of a better standard , and probably more common an option .
There will be more and new options for those on lower and middle incomes , those who are less likely to get access to social housing . "
Martin Gahbauer , Nationwide Building Society 's chief economist , said he did not think the era of people aspiring to own a home had come to an end , but added it would be " no bad thing " if renting became a stable alternative .
" In Germany , over 60 per cent of the population rent their homes and stay in one rented property for many years , whereas here most people stay in one for six months to a couple of years .
If renting makes sense in the long term , it 's not necessarily a bad thing , " he said .
Case study : ' Renting is my only option '
Owen Armstrong , 27 , rents a property in Dalston , east London .
The projectionist agrees that many people no longer aspire to buy a house , because the costs involved make it little more than a pipe dream
" I do n't intend to buy a house , because it is actually cheaper for me to rent .
The amount of money you have to raise to put a deposit down is ridiculous .
A lot of people have to depend on their parents .
I can't even imagine having the sort of money required – just the admin costs involved in finding a place are scary .
" I would appreciate the security owning a house brings , but the mortgage is prohibitive .
Once you have a mortgage , you are tied down – I still harbour dreams of moving abroad so tying myself to a particular place is not necessarily a good idea ; that is a generational difference .
" Trying to find something suitable in a large city , especially if you have a young family in tow , is very prohibitive .
In order to afford something , you have to rely on someone else 's income and move out towards the fringes of the city , which I would not like to do .
In certain areas you are looking at £ 500,000 to buy somewhere ; even then you are not always even getting a whole house .
I do n't want to lay out that kind of money for part of a house .
" Living in London , I would agree with John Healey 's sentiments – it is just too expensive to buy and there are better things to spend my money on .
But for a lot of people outside the city , I think the situation is different .
They can afford to look around for a place and invest in something they really want to buy . "
Autocar magazine recently took three of the most popular and exciting entry - level supercars and pitted them against one another at the famed Castle Combe circuit in the UK .
Steve Sutcliff took the Nissan GT-R , Audi R8 V10 5.2 FSI and the Porsche 911 Turbo around the track to see which of these dynamos could produce the best lap time .
The 2010 Porsche 911 Turbo packs 500 hp and 479 lb- ft of torque from its newly reworked 3.8 - liter flat - six engine , tipping the scales at a svelte 3,495 pounds , the lightest of the bunch .
The Nissan GT - R also uses a 3.8 - liter twin - turbo V6 , with its engine good for 480 horsepower and 434 ft- lb of torque , but is much heftier at 3,814 pounds .
The Audi R8 has the most power of the three with its 5.2 - liter V10 good for 525 hp and 391 lb - ft of torque .
It is also pretty light at only 3,571 lbs .
The 911 Turbo has a base price of $ 132,800 , fairly close to the $ 146,000 ( manual ) price of the R8 V10 .
However , the Nissan GT - R is almost a fraction of the cost of both cars with an MSRP of only $ 81,790 .
When all was said and done , after each car had its time on the track , the results were all within 1 second of each other .
Mitigating factors such as worn brakes and poor grip were cited as to why some vehicles performed better than others .
And time in and out of the turns was a good indicator of overall quickness .
But at the end of the day the results were not as surprising as you might think .
That said , Sutcliff was Chatty Cathy around the Castle Combe track and we would have liked to have seen some helmeted and harnessed , balls to the wall driving .
But Autocar produced an excellent high - def video and overall , we say bravo !
Source : Autocar Via YouTube
Chelsea will tomorrow seek to ascertain the full extent of a thigh injury sustained by Frank Lampard after the England midfielder returned prematurely from Qatar amid fears that he could be sidelined until Christmas .
Lampard suffered a tear to the outside thigh muscle of his left leg today while training for Saturday 's friendly against Brazil and underwent a scan in Doha .
That confirmed the damage and , after the Football Association explained the situation to Chelsea 's medical department , the 31 - year - old was released back into the care of the Premier League club and flew back to London .
The FA medical staff 's initial assessment had suggested Lampard might be ruled out for a few weeks , though there are fears within the player 's camp that the injury will prove more serious .
They are concerned that he may have suffered a problem similar to the ones which ruled him out for more than a month on two occasions in the second half of 2007 .
Chelsea have indicated that they would assess the extent of the problem when the midfielder reports back to Cobham .
With Ashley Cole recovering from a depressed fracture of a tibia , there is anxiety at the prospect of losing another senior player .
Lampard is certainly out of Chelsea 's next game at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers on 21 November .
More distressing for the league leaders would be to lose the midfielder for a prolonged length of time , with awkward trips to Porto , where the Londoners will effectively contest the leadership of their Champions League qualification group , Arsenal and Manchester City to come in the next month .
The injury will focus attention further on the decision to undertake the friendly in Qatar – albeit within a Fifa - defined international window – after Premier League managers had expressed concern over the timing of the fixture .
Lampard 's absence would be all the more frustrating for Chelsea given that he has recently returned to his most potent form , scoring four goals in his last five games .
The 31 - year - old is not used to suffering lengthy injuries – he holds the record for an outfielder of 164 consecutive Premier League appearances – and would be sorely missed .
England , too , will be frustrated at his departure given that Capello has effectively been left with only three regular starters – John Terry , Wayne Rooney and Gareth Barry – to compete against the five - times World Cup winners , a reality which also casts some doubt over the relevance of the friendly .
Rooney will feature and expects to begin negotiations over a new contract at Manchester United in the new year , having publicly expressed a desire to see out his career with them .
The 24 - year - old placed the onus very much on the United hierarchy to resist any potential attempt by Spanish clubs , primarily Barcelona and Real Madrid , to lure the forward to La Liga .
Rooney 's representative , Paul Stretford , is currently banned from working as an agent having been found guilty of misconduct in his initial acquisition of Rooney 's signature when he was an Everton player , but is able to operate again as of February , when Rooney anticipates talks will open with the club 's chief executive , David Gill .
" I 've got two years left after this year so I 'm sure we 'll be negotiating a new deal in the next few months , " he said .
" It 's nice to be noticed but I 've said before I 'm really happy at United .
Unless they tell me otherwise , I can't see myself leaving .
I love the place .
It 's 30 minutes from home and all my family and I 've got a great chance of winning trophies . "
Any bid for Rooney would at the very least match the £ 80 m generated by the summer sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid .
In that respect , United 's ability to resist any interest from Spain and tie the forward down to new terms would also serve to ease any concerns over the financial viability of the heavily indebted Glazer regime .
Rooney made his initial impact with Everton , the club he had supported as a child and has continued to excel since moving to Old Trafford after Euro 2004 .
" It 's a massive club , " he said .
" Although I was an Everton fan , I loved watching United play and they won a lot of trophies .
I probably started from the 1994 - 95 season and [ Eric ] Cantona was brilliant .
" You looked at him and he was fearsome , and that was just on the television .
Imagine playing against him . "
That admiration of Cantona is surpassed by the esteem in which the forward holds Sir Alex Ferguson .
" It 's the trophies he 's won , first of all , " added Rooney .
" And the type of football he wants you to play .
He wants you playing attacking football all the time .
Sometimes you feel you can't do it , but he keeps you going .
He has that hunger .
At his age , he still wants to win all the time .
That 's incredible to see .
Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) & Super - Safe Safari Updates
You deserve a safe trip on an uncrowded boat .
We have always practiced social distancing , and now to keep people safe , we are offering more space than ever .
Super - Safe Safaris = No Cattle Boats , No Crowds .
Never Have .
Never Will .
We have created a special page to keep you informed of the latest information and how it relates to our Super - Safe Safari whale watching cruises .
" Formed over twenty years ago and having not played Austin in fifteen or so years , Danzig closed Fun Fun Fun Fest with a bang .
The band that metalheads , punk rockers , and slightly ironic hipsters all love did n't disappoint anyone who stood in the rain and mud all day long .
Glenn Danzig 's voice - recognizable to everyone after years from The Misfits and " Mother " dive bar jukebox plays - sounded surprisingly strong as he belted out songs from Lucifuge , Danzig III , and other career defining moments .
And he even , appropriately , gave a shout out to Biscuit and the Big Boys for this little monster of a fest they helped inspire . "
[ Austin Sound ]
Yes it was awesome , and it was the first time Danzig played Austin in 15 years .
After the show a girl a scattered her dead friend 's ashes on the stage because one of his last wishes was that his ashes be spread where Danzig had stood ... supposedly a true story though I did n't see it happen .
There 's also supposedly a picture that will surface at some point this week .
Johnny Kelly of Type O Negative was on drums .
I think the bassist was Steve Zing , who was also in Samhain .
Glenn told the crowd that he and Steve used to be in a band that played an old Austin venue called Liberty Lunch .
I think the guitarist was Tommy Victor of Prong .
All of these guys have been in the band for a while .
John Christ and Eerie Von have n't been in the band since 1995 .
Chuck Biscuits left one year before that .
It rained all day , but magically stopped right before Danzig .
Instead of taking credit for making it stop , Glenn literally took credit for making it rain .
Possibly the quote of the day : " I heard you were having a drought here , so i brought in the black clouds of Danzig . " ( or something like that ) .
I hope to see them again when they play in NJ on the day after Christmas .
More pictures from the Sunday night set in Austin , including a shot of the setlist , below ...
More pictures from Fun Fun Fun Fest coming soon , and a bunch from Day One are HERE .
- Nos hát kérem szépen , a legmélyebb tisztelettel köszöntök minden kedves egybegy űltet a mai , haladó Excel - tréningen .
Rengeteg ismerős arcot látok , de hát ha valaki mégsem ismerne : Wichshund Máté vagyok , a Bitumex megbízottan önkéntes mindentudó Excelguruja és pesztonkája .
Van ugyebár egy ilyen kis különbejáratú perverzióm , hogy én az egész életemet munkalapokon tárolom , vezetgetem , analizálgatom , makrókat írok rá .
Annak vagyok a híve , hogy mindenre van megoldás , csak kell találni egy jó kis képletet vagy makrót hozzá .
Jómagamról még annyit , hogy - aki esetleg nem ismerne - már idestova lassan három éve rontom itt közös levegőnket a nyitott irodában : még a jó öreg Szedlacsek Miri csoportjában kezdtem a kezdetek kezdetén mint Junior P2P Analyst , onnan nyergeltem át Vonhinten Helgushoz az angol PO - ra riportálni , és hát ott kitanultam bizony az Excel minden csínját - bínját .
Voltam én már itt a cégnél azóta minden , csak akasztott ember nem .
Leszögezném az elején : majd itt varázsolunk együtt sok csodát , mutatok rengeteg apró trükköt , de leginkább csak a " learning by doing " - módszert ajánlom mindenkinek - megkapjátok a doksit is , azzal eljátszhattok akár munkaidőben is , a főnökötök majd legalább azt látja csak , hogy dolgoztok !
Hihi .
Szóval nem garantálhatom , hogy mindent elsőre meg fogtok érteni meg meg fogtok tanulni , de nem is erre megy ki az a bizonyos játék .
Kaptok egy jó alapot , amivel el lehet indulni - ha meg elakadtok , akkor pedig F1 , és oldjátok meg magatok !
Na jó , a tréfát félretéve : mindenki nyugodtan fordulhat hozzám bármilyen apró-cseprő panasszal , különösen a Hölgyeknek szól ez az utóbbi ajánlat !
Persze ez még nem felhívás kering őre - meg férfitársaim se fogják vissza magukat , természetesen csak abban az esetben , ha Excelről van szó !
No , mindenki sikeresen bejelentkezett , mindenkinek felállt a ... a rendszere ?
Hihi .
Na várjál , Kingu , segítek , így ni .
Dóci , nálad is minden oké - zsoké ?
Ne segítsek , szép hercegnőm ?
Tudod , hogy rám BÁRMIKOR , BÁRMIBEN számíthatsz .
Jó , akkor nem .
Te tudod .
Akkor tisztelettel megkérnék mindenkit , hogy ha készen áll , akkor kattyintson szépen erre a hivatkozásra , és ott nyissa meg az exel_traning_mate.xls becses nevű fájlocskát és mentse le a virtuális meghajtójára , rendben ?
No hát akkor csapjunk a lecsóba , én amanda vagyok !
Először is leszögezném , hogy angol nyelvű Excellel fogunk dolgozni , angol parancsokkal - a magyar borzasztóan körülményes és következetlen .
Komoly emberke angol Excellel dolgozik .
És mi márpedig komoly emberkék vagyunk , vagy mi a kutyafüle !
Első próbatétel : szépen kiszámoljuk , hogy ki hány napos !
És ez még semmi , hogy milyen kis csudákat tud még ez az alkalmazás .
Na , akkor ide , az A1 - es cellába mindenki szépen írja be a születési dátumát .
Hölgyek esetében lódítani ér !
Szépen , angol formátumban .
08/12/1980 , oksa ?
Következő lépés : B1 - es cella , no , itt jön a barbatrükk : lusták vagyunk gépelni , meg tegyük föl , hogy napi rendszerességgel kell nekünk ez a fájl , szóval írjuk be szépen , hogy egyenl őségjel , TODAY ( ) .
Ez az .
Csak egészen csöndesen , zárójelben megjegyezném , hogy a magunkfajta komoly , jómunkásemberek az egyenl őségjelet egy pluszjellel is helyettesíthetik , és nem használnak függvényvarázslót .
De hát a rutin meg az évek majd meghozzák ezt is .
Megvan ?
Alrighty - mondja a lengyel , akkor C1 - es cella , és ez itt a számolás része : + B1 - A1 , magyarán szólva kivonjuk a mai dátumból a születési dátumunkat , no de mit kapunk ?
Valami kurta - furcsa dátumfélét .
Utolsó lépés : jobb egérgomb , format cells , number , general - és láss csodát : bizony , néhányotoknál látok ott tízezer napot is , kicsit megijed az ember így harminc után meg felé , igaz -e ?
De hát az ember annyi idős , amennyinek érzi magát , nincs is ezzel semmi baj .
No de evezzünk komolyabb vizekre - bemelegítésnek , ujjgyakorlatnak jó volt ez a kis számolás .
Ki hallott már a VLOOKUP - függvényről ?
Ó , nagyon jó , szóval vagytok egy páran .
Bizony , a VLOOKUP , magyarul FKERES - ha esetleg valakinek az előtanulmányaiból így ugrik be - egy varázsszó , ajtókat tárhat fel előttetek a munkahelyen , pedig nem egy rocket science , gyengébbek kedvéért ördöngösség !
Egy példán keresztül megvilágítva : itt van egy táblicskum a munkavállalók kódjaival , mellettük a nevekkel , látjátok ?
Azaz .
Namost én kaptam itt egy másik fájlt mondjuk a Kopf & Jägeres Lutscher Petitől , de csak a kódok szerepelnek benne , plusz a fizetések .
Hát egyenként kikeresgetni a neveket bizony embert próbáló feladat .
Erre találták ki a VLOOKUP - ot .
Na pötyögjétek be szépen utánam , és utána rögtön elmagyarázom : +VLOOKUP(D4, salarys_2009 !D:E,2,0 ) - tehát : FÜGGŐLEGESEN , vertikálisan keresünk - ezért vélukáp , MIT keresünk ?
Hát a kódot , ami a D4 , no de HOL keressük ?
Hát a salarys _2009 - es sheeten , ahol szintén ott vannak a kódok , s mellettük a nevek .
Ezért hát kijelöljük mindkét oszlopot , és mivel A MÁSODIK oszlop tartalmazza a kívánt adatot , beírunk egy szép , nagy kettest .
Utolsó kritérium az pedig a 0 vagy a FALSE , tehát konkrét értékre keresünk , nem tartományra .
Viri a varázslat , piri a parádé , csili-csalamádé , hipp és hopp : voálá !
Kinek NEM világos ?
És kinek világos ?
És ki tartózkodik ?
És ki volt lusta föltenni a mancsát ?
Hihhi .
Na jó , tudom , elsőre ez bonyinak hangzik talán , pedig lesznek még itt a későbbiekben olyan válogatott finomságok , amikor mi - komoly emberkék lévén - nem számolgatjuk meg , hogy hanyadik oszlop tartalmazza az adatot , hanem szépen beleágyazunk egy MATCH - függvényt , vagy esetleg nem jobbra , hanem balra szeretnénk keresni , no , arra találták ki az INDEX - és a MATCH - képletek tanári kombinációját , úgyhogy lehet fölfelekötni azt a bizonyos alsóneműt !
Na látom , gyűrtek vagytok kissé - tízperces kávészünet ?
Na de ötvenre mindenki itt legyen ám , mert kukoricára térdepeltetem a későket !
Home / Section : Caricature
Tom Richmond iPhone App rejected
MAD Magazine artist Tom Richmond has been working on an iPhone app with movie director / entrepreneur Ray Griggs that allows users to search a database for contact information of every congressman .
Tom did 540 caricatures – one for every representative in union and territories – for the app .
Unfortunately , they have learned that Apple has rejected the app based due to “ content that ridicules public figures . ”
Here ’s a sample of the letter Tom received :
Thank you for submitting Bobble Rep – 111th Congress Edition to the App Store .
We ’ve reviewed Bobble Rep – 111th Congress Edition and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store because it contains content that ridicules public figures and is in violation of Section 3.3.14 from the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement which states : “ Applications may be rejected if they contain content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , sounds , etc. ) that in Apple ’s reasonable judgement may be found objectionable , for example , materials that may be considered obscene , pornographic , or defamatory . ”
Tom responds on his blog :
This is the most ridiculous thing Iâ ??ve ever heard .
These caricatures arenâ ??t mean or very exaggerated .
They are simple , fun cartoon likenesses of the politicians and the purpose of the app is a informational database .
There is no editorial commentary involved at all .
This is the very reason that Apple as a company should be taken to task over itâ ? ?s ludicrous sanctimonious attitude .
Clearly this app does not â?? ridicule public figuresâ ?  and is violating nothing , but Apple has decided the world must be protected from the insidious subversiveness this would force upon the public and the brutal , heinous ridicule that my cruel , cruel caricatures would subject these politicians to .
Like this : Like Loading ...
The world 's oldest known spider web has been discovered on a beach in Sussex , England , trapped inside an ancient chunk of amber .
Scientists found the rare amber fossil in December , and have now confirmed that it contains remnants of spider silk spun roughly 140 million years ago by an ancestor of modern orb - weaving spiders .
After slicing the amber into thin sections and examining each piece under a high - powered microscope , the researchers discovered that the ancient silk threads share several features common to modern spider webs , including droplets of sticky glue used to hold the web together and capture prey .
According to paleobiologist Martin Brasier of Oxford University , the gooey droplets suggest that spiders were starting to spin webs that were better adapted for catching flying insects .
" Interestingly , a huge radiation took place in flying insects and bark beetles about 140 - 130 million years ago , " Brasier wrote in an email to Wired.com .
" So we may be seeing a co-evolution of spiders and insects here . "
The new discovery is the first example of an amber fossil from the early Cretaceous period , when dinosaurs like spinosaurs and psittocosaurs roamed the Earth .
**
" Silk is a relatively delicate material and it is rarely preserved in the fossil record , except when entombed in amber , " Brasier and colleagues wrote about the discovery in the upcoming December issue of the Journal of the Geological Society .
The researchers think pieces of organic material , including the spider silk , became embalmed during a severe wildfire , when amber resins seeped out from the charred bark of coniferous trees and were eventually swept away by flooding .
In addition to ancient spider silk , the amber chunk contains well - preserved soil microbes , including the oldest known examples of actinobacteria , a common type of bacteria that plays a major role in soil formation .
* Image 1 : A spider and web trapped in amber , Mila Zinkova / Wikipedia Commons .
Image 2 : Light micrograph of new amber fossil showing a web of tiny silk threads , plus droplets of sticky glue .
Courtesy of Martin Brasier .
*
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
" Sarah was with us every step of the way and was always very prompt to answer any questions we had , and we had a lot !!
She was professional , knowledgeable and very personable .
I would recommend her services to anyone ! " − Katie & Vinicio J .
" We had an excellent experience with Sarah Park !
She kept us in the loop for the whole process , was always looking for the best rates for us and was in our corner every step of the way !
She was so speedy to respond back to any of our questions !
We would refer anyone we know to Sarah !
5 star !!!!!! " − Christa P .
" Helpful and pleasant making the process as laborles . " − Tina C .
" Sarah Park was a pleasure to work with .
We were very happy with the level of service we received as well as the knowledge she provided .
She made getting our first mortgage a breeze !
We would recommend her to anyone !
Thanks Sarah ! " − Janine S .
" Very positive .
Made buying my first house possible .
" − Stacy P .
" Sarah is a phenomenal Mortgage Broker and our entire Team is happy to recommend her to all of our Clients ! " − Jeremy R .
" Sarah was fantastic to work with .
We first approached Sarah over a year ago to talk about getting set up with a mortgage , but we ended up not being able get a mortgage at the time .
When we called Sarah again over a year later she remembered us and treated us like old friends .
It was a pleasure working with Sarah , both in professional and friendly manner . " − Marcus A .
" Sarah was fantastic !!
Her customer service was exceptional and she gives you 110 % !
She understands your needs and wants .
She was fun and professional !
Thanks Sarah for all your hard work !!
We will definitely use you again and would be happy to recommend you anytime ! " − Stacey C .
" Sarah is absolutely fantastic .
I have worked with her now on multiple occasions and have found her to be extremely professional , knowledgeable , and overall a real pleasure to work with .
I appreciate her level of expertise and the fact that she is so easy to get a hold of to answer my ( many ) questions throughout the process .
I have the utmost confidence in Sarah 's expertise and advice , and the mortgage solutions she 's found for my wife and I have certainly solidified our trust in her .
I would highly recommend that anyone with mortgage needs or questions contact Sarah Park , you wo n't regret it ! " − Shane P .
" My wife and I worked with Sarah to purchase our house .
She handled every facet with courtesy and professionalism .
We loved working with Sarah . " − Steve C .
This pooch has some skills !
: : : : : : : : : :
It ’s 71 years ago today that Orson Welles ’ “ War of the Worlds ” was broadcast on the radio .
The show was meant to be a Halloween program .
It sure panicked some and made history .
Listen to it .
At 3:40 into the program the fun really started .
How would you have reacted ?
Part 1 :
Parts 2 – 7 below the fold .
Part 2 :
Part 3 :
Part 4 :
Part 5 :
Part 6 :
Part 7 :
“ Absolutely amazing !
A page turner , just like Harry Potter for the technically minded . ” — Tobias Svensson from review at return 42 ;
“ This book is so interesting I did 60 minutes on the treadmill yesterday instead of the usual 30 because I could n’t stop reading . ” — Joel Spolsky on Joel on Software
“ Coders at Work should inspire readers to learn about the wider context of their craft and stop the reinvention of the proverbial wheel ” — Vladimir Sedach from review at Slashdot
“ Peter Seibel asks the sort of questions only a fellow programmer would ask .
Reading this book may be the next best thing to chatting with these illustrious programmers in person . ”
— Ehud Lamm , Founder of Lambda the Ultimate - the programming languages weblog
“ I highly recommend it . ” — Andy Mulholland , CTO , Capgemini
“ I have long known the names and of the work of about half of the programmers in Peter Seibel ’s wonderful book , Coders at Work ; and it is fascinating to read their ideas about their lives and their ideas about programming .
Better yet , I have now learned about the lives and philosophies of the other half of the programmers in the book , whose systems were known to me but the programmers themselves were not .
Anyone interested in computer programming and what makes a great computer programmer will enjoy this book . ”
— Dave Walden , original member of the BBN ARPANET team
“ These are wonderful interviews and this looks to be a bible for any programmer who aspires to be better . ”
— Peter Christensen , Founder of GeekStack.com
“ This book is dead sexy .
When it comes out , you should definitely get a copy . ” — Joseph F. Miklojcik III from review at jfm3 > _
“ Superb book ! ” — Prakash Swaminathan from review at CloudKnow
“ Read it , because then you will know the greatest coding brains . ” — Amit Shaw from review at Teleported Bits
“ One of the other core questions Peter asks is , what books would you recommend to help a developer learn programming ?
For me , this book joins my short list — it takes you away from the limitations of learning within a single company or community , and shows you the breadth of experiences that can make someone a great developer . ”
— Marc Hedlund from review at O’Reilly Radar
“ The range of topics covered is just astounding . ” — Chris Hartjes from review at @ TheKeyboard
Over one year ago , days apart , I began to receive e-mail messages addressed to others .
For weeks I worked diligently to try and put a stop to it .
My requests fell on deaf ears .
I receive regular reminders that it is happening still .
I began to receive many ( or all ) e-mail messages addressed to someone named Sandy , who lives in Ontario Province , Canada .
The domain name is Eastlink.ca , a broadband access provider .
It did n’t take long to figure out that I was receiving all of Sandy ’s e-mail .
I wrote to Sandy , suggesting she complain to her ISP .
And of course I also received a copy of the message in my own inbox .
I wrote to Sandy a couple of times and never heard from her .
I guess she does n’t care – or maybe she did not receive them .
I also complained to Eastlink.ca , and heard nothing from them .
I also receive all of Brian ’s e-mail , and his ISP is ica.net , another broadband access provider in eastern Canada .
I complianed to ica.net , several times , and never received a response .
I wrote to Brian also , and he responded and suggested I change my e-mail address .
As if !
I also receive messages to someone at charter .net , but this user ’s e-mail address does not indicate their name .
I wrote to them and to Charter .
net – you guessed it : no response .
Soon after this began , I wrote inbox rules to immediately delete all e-mail messages addressed * to * these user accounts that ended up in my inbox .
Now and then I look in my Trash Bin ( where deleted e-mails go ) , and sure enough , there are still scores of e-mail messages : thank you ’s for online merchant orders , FaceBook invites , e-cards , and personal correspondence .
I do n’t read these messages .
Some of these messages still come to my inbox – this includes messages where the recipient is in the BCC ( blind carbon copy ) list .
My inbox rules do n’t know how to respond to these .
I wish this would stop .
I ’m going to write to ica.net , Charter.net , and eastlink .ca again , but I ’m not expecting any response , not to mention action .
I cannot imagine that this is happening only to me .
If some malevolent ( or even accidental ) action is behind this , then chances are that hundreds or thousands of other users ’ e-mail messages are also being forwarded without their permission .
This also makes me wonder if this is happening to MY incoming e-mail : could some other user out there be receiving messages sent to me ?
I sure do n’t relish that idea : sometimes I receive “ reset your password by clicking on this URL ” messages .
What if someone else receives these and decides to click the one - time link before I do ?
Some online account of mine could be compromised as a result .
I ’m also worried about my own liability in this matter .
I ’m receiving e-mail messages that are supposed to be sent to others .
I do n’t want them , I do n’t read them , and I delete them when I see them .
But what if I receive messages containing personal medical information , for instance ?
There are several possible causes for this inadvertent e-mail forwarding :
Malware , tampering , or compromise of ISP e-mail server .
Compromise of individual users ’ e-mail accounts , where attacker inserts rules to forward mail to me ( and maybe others ) .
Malare or compromise on individual users ’ computers ; this may be true if users use workstation - based e-mail software such as Outlook , Outlook Express , or Thunderbird .
There may be other potential causes , but I can not think of any more .
If malware or a human intruder were behind this , what is their gain ?
What is the benefit for an intruder if someone ’s e-mail is forwarded to someone who lives 3,000 miles away ?
If the intent is to harm someone , who does it harm ?
If the intent is to harm the individuals whose e-mail messages are being forwarded to me , then I can think of several more malicious ways to harm them .
If the intent is to harm me , I do n’t see how this harms me .
Something as simple as feeding birds can change their biological fate , and even seed the formation of a new species .
Central European blackcap warblers that spend the winter in the birdfeeder - rich United Kingdom are on a different evolutionary trajectory than those that migrate to Spain .
The population has n't yet split into two species , but it 's headed in that direction .
" This is reproductive isolation , the first step of speciation , " said Martin Schaefer , a University of Freiburg evolutionary biologist .
Blackcap migration routes are genetically determined , and the population studied by Schaefer has historically wintered in Spain .
Those that flew north could n't find food in barren winter landscapes , and perished .
But during the last half - century , people in the U.K. put so much food out for birds that north - flying blackcaps could survive .
About 30 percent of blackcaps from southern Germany and Austria now migrate to the United Kingdom , shaving 360 miles from their traditional , 1,000 - mile Mediterranean voyage .
Because they 've less distance to travel , they tend to arrive home first in the summertime and to live in prime forest - edge spots .
All this makes the U.K. migrants more likely to mate with each other than with their old - fashioned brethren .
From these groupings , subtle differences are emerging .
The U.K. birds tend to have rounded wings , which sacrifice long - distance flying power for increased maneuverability .
Now that they do n't need wide bills to eat Mediterranean olives in winter , their bills are becoming narrower and better - suited to summer insect diets .
They 're also slightly darker .
Schaefer thinks it unlikely that humans will keep feeding the blackcaps long enough for them to become truly separate species , but it 's possible .
He 's now studying the fate of hybrid offspring born to British and Spanish migrants , that split the difference between their parents and winter in southwest France .
If the hybrids have trouble surviving , the population will likely diverge even further , and now - subtle differences will become pronounced as blackcaps favor their closest kin .
Perhaps the most striking aspect of the findings , published Thursday in Current Biology , is the manner in which the populations diverged , said Schaefer .
Reproductive isolation usually begins when a population is separated by a mountain or a sea , as with Darwin 's famous Galapagos finches .
" Here it 's prompted by a very innocent human activity , " said Schaefer .
1 ) A United Kingdom - migrating blackcap at left , and a Mediterranean - migrating blackcap at right ./ Martin Schaefer .
2 ) Beat Walser .
See Also :
* Citation : " Contemporary Evolution of Reproductive Isolation and Phenotypic Divergence in Sympatry along a Migratory Divide . "
By Gregor Rolshausen , Gernot Segelbacher , Keith Hobson and H. Martin Schaefer .
Current Biology , Vol. 19 , No 23 , Dec. 3 , 2009 . *
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Attorney Mark S. Weinberger represents injured workers throughout the State of Ohio .
Whether you have recently been injured at work , or your work related injury occurred long ago , Mark Weinberger can help you determine if you have a claim .
As millions of people wait for the arrival of Christmas in just a couple of weeks time , the festivities have come early for BitTorrent fans .
A few hours ago the mighty Demonoid fully returned and the good news is that there appears to be little data loss .
Users are feverishly uploading fresh torrents right now .
In September , Demonoid , one of the world ’s most important and well - loved trackers , went down with overwhelming hardware problems .
An update on the situation was not good , with the site owners forecasting severe data loss .
Some user data and torrent files were predicted to be lost forever and the site ’s code had been seriously damaged .
Then , on November 5th , Demonoid ’s tracker began to function again , which was followed by another announcement by the site owners .
None of the negative rumors and speculation were true – Demonoid would soon return .
“ The parts of the site code that got deleted are being rewritten and should be ready soon .
We are also working to try and minimize the data loss as much as possible , ” they announced .
Since then , nothing much has happened , but a few hours ago Demonoid users discovered they are to get an early Christmas present .
At around 1:30 am EST , Demonoid reappeared and started accepting logins from registered users .
“ Hello !
We are currently testing the newly written code .
More downtime is hopefully not necessary , but might be a possibility .
Welcome back , we missed you ! ” the admins said in an announcement .
In respect of the concerns over data loss , it appears that the latest database entries run to Friday September 11th 2009 , but of course , Demonoid users are already uploading new torrents , reported to be as many as 150 thus far .
A TorrentFreak reader who as been following the situation since the site ’s return told us : “ Some users on the IRC channel ( which still is active ) report not being able to log in .
Those that can log in have all noticed that their ratios were pretty much what they remembered them to be before the long downtime .
I was able to log in just fine on my first attempt with correct ratio as well . ”
As the site deals with various issues , it became a little unstable around 2 to 3 hours after its initial return and then went down again around 4:00 am EST .
Although Demonoid ’s RSS feeds are n’t functioning , at the time of writing the site appears to be running again , and displaying their famous demon logo all decked out in a santa hat .
Christmas really has come early for Demonoid fans .
All that is need now is a gift for everyone in the community – a period of open registrations .
According to FEC filings , the House Minority Leader John Boehner has spent $ 82,998 on golf outings so far this year | REUTERS Boehner PAC splurges on golf
By all public estimations , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) is a pretty good golfer .
He should be , given the $ 82,998 his political action committee has spent on golf outings so far this year , according to Federal Election Commission filings .
Advertisement
The golf events this year sponsored by Boehner ’s Freedom Project political action committee have stretched from April until October , from Florida to Ohio .
And the minority leader does n’t hold his events at worn - out municipal courses .
The most recent outing was a $ 20,921.34 event at the plush Robert Trent Jones track in Gainesville , Va. , an invitation - only private club that was once also home to the Professional Golfers Association 's President ’s Cup .
The highest expenditure was a September event at the Jack Nicklaus - designed Muirfield Village Golf Club in Dublin , Ohio .
The Freedom Project spent $ 29,501.20 for an event on the course , which hosts the annual PGA Memorial Tournament .
Another favorite of Boehner ’s PAC seems to be the Ritz - Carlton in Naples , Fla. , where the committee spent more than $ 30,000 in April and May .
The Tiburon Golf Course , a 36 - hole course at the hotel , also hosts a professional tournament each year .
The FEC reports do n’t list the attendees at these golf events , the cost per person or any other details .
Don Seymour , a spokesman for the PAC , said the expenditures are “ related to events that have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars to help the Freedom Project support Republican candidates for Congress . ”
Whether it ’s a golf outing fundraiser or a money event at a hotel ballroom , Boehner is a prolific fundraiser .
Seymour said the GOP leader has headlined more than 100 events for Republicans this year , and the PAC has contributed more than $ 320,000 to GOP candidates this cycle .
The United States Golf Association lists Boehner as maintaining a 7.9 handicap .
Glenn Beck , the popular and outspoken Fox News host , had harsh words for the N.F.L.
Tuesday night , saying the league was mistreating its players by requiring them to wear helmets .
Beck pointed out that helmetless players in the Australian Football League sustain concussions at much lower rates than N.F.L. players ( sidestepping the issue that they are playing a fundamentally different sport ) .
Because the league does not protect them with helmets , he said , Australian players have learned how to protect themselves .
“ Which one is more compassionate ? ” Beck said .
“ The intentions of the N.F.L. , or the people who give their players no helmet ?
I contend no helmets .
Look at the systematic failure here : the more protection large entities provide , the riskier your behavior comes . ”
Beck has made clear that the real subject was n’t football but the Democratic Party , which Beck says should “ stop protecting people from their own mistakes ” when it comes to its economic and health care policies .
But he is echoing a discussion that has been taking place over the last month about whether , theoretically at least , football would be safer without helmets .
The debate was spurred by an article in The Wall Street Journal by Reed Albergotti and Shirley S. Wang under the headline , “ Is It Time to Retire the Football Helmet ? ”
The basic argument in the article is that hard - shell helmets , while reducing the chances that players would be killed , also “ created a sense of invulnerability that encouraged players to collide more forcefully and more often . ”
Recent research has showed that these repeated collisions could lead to long - term damage .
There could be other benefits to getting rid of helmets , Albergotti and Wang wrote .
“ It would bring down the cost of equipment , which can be crippling for some schools .
A slower game might also be more palatable to some parents .
And with their heads uncovered , football players might be more attractive to endorsers . ”
Stephen Dubner , a co-author of Superfreakonomics , took up the issue on The Takeaway .
He acknowledged that removing helmets from football players is not likely to happen any time soon , but also argued that such unthinkable changes could happen .
“ There are … things that are not repugnant that become so .
Racism and sexism for instance , which used to be fully accepted in a lot of societies .
The sale of human eggs and sperm , for instance , used to be repugnant .
Some things change .
Is it impossible to imagine that what some people see as barbaric behavior among humans in playing football the way they do at that level — at that crash level — will become repugnant over time ?
It ’s not impossible to imagine .
I would n’t bet on it any time soon , but you have to ask at a certain point , is this worth considering ? ”
Dubner cited arguments that seat belts made drivers more reckless .
He is skeptical about such claims , saying that drivers still have pretty strong incentives not to crash while wearing them .
But he did add that Nascar drivers seemed more willing to crash after better safety mechanisms made them less likely to die .
Changes to the Nascar point system that gave drivers credit simply for finishing the race seemed to help reverse this willingness , he said .
The underpinning idea behind these arguments is the Peltzman Effect .
The effect , as described by the AEI - Brooking Joint Center for Regulatory Studies , “ arises when people adjust their behavior to a regulation in ways that counteract the intended effect of the regulation .
So , for example , when the government passes a seat belt law , some drivers may respond by driving less safely . ”
The idea that less protection is more in violent sports predates this latest surge in interest , as proponents of bare - knuckle boxing will tell you .
The Independent ( London ) ran an article in 1994 exploring the idea after the death of Bradley Stone , a 23 - year - old boxer :
“ There may now be further calls for protective headgear .
Yet that , like gloves , could have the opposite effect , by increasing the amount of punishment that boxers can absorb without reducing the battering effect .
Reverting to bare knuckles might , paradoxically , do more good .
Short - term damage would increase , and it would not be a pretty sight on television .
But there would be fewer punch - drunk ex-boxers being looked after by long - suffering relatives or nursing homes . ”
It ’s hard to imagine football without helmets — where would the logos go ?
But is there anything to be gained from continuing this line of reasoning ?
Clouds dominate everything
Al Gore describes how carbon dioxide beats up Mr Sunbeam and stops him leaving the atmosphere .
But he “ forgot ” to mention that clouds reflect around a quarter of all the sunlight that hits the earth .
Those beams of light travel all the way from the sun to get bounced off into space when they are just a few kilometers from the ground .
Any change in cloud cover makes a major difference .
The IPCC assumes clouds respond to warming , but clouds could easily drive the warming .
There are lots of things that could potentially change cloud cover , which would affect our climate .
Things like cosmic rays ( see page 18 ) , changes in patterns of ocean temperature , land clearing , or aerosols all affect clouds .
The models not only get the feedback effects of clouds wrong , they appear to mix cause and effect
Clouds reflect around a quarter of all the sunlight that hits the earth
The earth has its own evaporative cooler — rain
Evaporation and rain keep the planet 50 °C cooler .
Fifty !
Eighty percent of the natural greenhouse effect is due to humidity and clouds .
Clouds cover 60 % or so of the entire planet .
No one has any idea whether cloud cover was the same in 1200 , or 1800 , or even 1950 .
It ’s a guess .
The IPCC and the modellers admit they do n’t do clouds or rain well .
But these factors are the master “ knobs ” on Earths ’ climate control unit .
If the computer simulations are only out by a few percent , any tiny change in evaporation , clouds or rain will wipe out the warming from carbon and it can do it in days .
The climate models rely on best guesses , assumptions and estimates .
The models are incredibly accurate on dozens of points that do n’t really matter , but they stab in the dark at the one or two points that do .
Source : 50 °C cooler , “ Water Cycle ” NASA Science .
Page 7
TURN THE PAGES ( Links in red will become active as pages are published ) .
You are on the page in the Red Square .
This is Page 7 of The Skeptics Handbook II , a 20 page PDF .
This post fits especially well with the page on Feedbacks since one of the most powerful factors amplifying or dampening any effect of carbon are clouds .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.4/10 ( 7 votes cast )
Story here .
' WINONA , Minn . - The Winona city attorney has decided not to charge a 19 - year - old woman who falsely reported she was sexually assaulted .
The Winona State University student had told police a man put a bag over her head Dec. 5 and assaulted her in a parking lot .
Police launched an investigation and the school issued a campuswide alert .
The Winona Daily News reports she later admitted making up the story .
Police cited her for filing a false report and referred the case to the city attorney 's office , an unusual step for a misdemeanor ticket .
Assistant city attorney Brian Glodosky says he decided not to pursue charges because the woman had a clean record , is an honor student and because the incident was out of character for her .
He says she has problems better handled outside the court system . '
In Russia , thousands of Muslims are flocking to see a baby who has verses from the Koran mysteriously appearing on his body : I 'd like to be very clear here : this is not pareidolia , our ability to see patterns in random objects .
The verses are clearly there , and not just random .
As one pilgrim said , " It 's proof that Allah exists , that he is all - mighty ... "
However -- and perhaps this is just me here -- it seems far more likely that instead of an actual miracle , someone is maybe , y'know , writing the verses on the baby .
The mother says the baby is cranky when the words appear , which ( if she 's being truthful ) you might expect if someone is scraping or otherwise irritating the baby 's skin to make the words appear .
I 'll note that the words fade with time , too , just as expected if this is a fraud .
If this whole thing is a fake ( and the JREF has a million dollars on the line to say something about that ) then I do n't know what 's worse : the parents or whoever is behind this doing this to the baby , or the crowd who simply believes it .
Oh , wait !
I know what 's worse : the reporter who did this story and the editor who approved it not injecting one single shred of skepticism into the report .
There was no journalism here , no investigation .
This was simple stenography , the credulous retelling of what is almost 100 % guaranteed to be a hoax at best and a scam at worst .
Not to mention child abuse .
People sometimes ask me what it 's like to be a skeptic all the time .
Maybe I should simply answer , " nauseated . "
CONTAMINATED crime - scene DNA samples that would normally be written off as forensically useless can now be rescued , thanks to amplification enzymes that tolerate pollution .
Before a profile can be obtained from a DNA sample recovered from a crime scene , it must be amplified using enzymes called polymerases .
Pollutants such as tobacco or aluminium from drink cans can stop the enzyme working , but now Johannes Hedman and colleagues at the Swedish National Laboratory of Forensic Science have come up with some alternatives to the AmpliTaqGold enzyme , which is preferred by forensic labs .
The team amplified 32 polluted samples of saliva using …
Realizing the Fraud of Economic Recovery
The Dow rose 200 points yesterday , bringing it only about 75 points below the 10,300 level .
Why is the 10,300 mark important ?
It ’s not really …it ’s just the point where this bounce will equal the bounce following the crash of ’ 29 .
No reason in particular that this bounce should be the same as the one 80 years ago .
But no reason it should n’t either .
Gold rises with the stock market .
The yellow metal hit a new record over $ 1,100 yesterday .
Why is that that important ?
Well , it ’s not important either .
But gold still has another $ 1,000 or so to go before it equals the last bubble peak in gold , set in 1980 – on an inflation - adjusted basis .
The point is , there ’s plenty of room on the upside for gold … and not much room left on the upside for stocks …
Stocks are going to be hit hard when people realize that the recovery is a fraud .
When will that happen ?
We do n’t know .
But another big wave of foreclosures might be the thing that sets it off .
“ The Second Wave Begins … ”
This was the title of a report over the weekend from John Hussman .
The gist of it is that the long - awaited ‘ second wave ’ of foreclosures has , perhaps , finally begun .
First , many of the Top 50 metro areas in the US are reporting “ sharp increases in foreclosure activity .
“ Rising unemployment and a new variety of mortgage resets continued to gradually shift the nation ’s foreclosure epicenters in the third quarter away from the hot spots of the last two years and toward some metro areas that had avoided the brunt of the first foreclosure wave , ” said James J. Saccacio , chief executive officer of Realty Trac .
“ While toxic subprime mortgages drove much of that first wave of foreclosures , high unemployment and exotic Alt - A and Option ARMs are spreading the foreclosure flood to more metro areas in 2009 . ”
Hussman :
“ While the news itself is no surprise in the sense that we have expected and written about this situation repeatedly in recent months , the phrase ‘ sharp increases in foreclosure activity ’ is notable in the context of widespread views that credit difficulties are abating .
Below is a reminder of where we stand in relation to the reset curve .
This news of a shift in the character of foreclosure activity comes precisely in tandem with the beginning of the predictable second wave .
The pleasant lull in the reset schedule is decidedly behind us .
“ The mortgages certainly do not reset at Treasury bill yields or even at standard spreads over LIBOR .
Instead , they reset to a ‘ premium ’ spread above those rates .
That ‘ yield spread premium ’ is precisely what the homeowners agreed to in return for the undocumented loan , and is particularly obnoxious at the point of reset if the mortgage itself is underwater ( loan amount in excess of home value ) .
Given that these mortgages were written during the last stages of the housing boom , at the highest prices , it is reasonable to assume they now sport very high loan - to - value ratios . ”
So , there you go .
If Hussman is right , we ’ll soon see real estate prices take another tumble .
The system requirements for the Frostbite Engine , which powers the soon to be released DICE titles , Battlefield 1943 and Battlefield : Bad Company 2 have been revealed .
Battlefield 1943 is expected to be released Q1 2010 and Battlefield Bad Company 2 is due out March 2nd 2010 .
Read on to find out the specifications and what we think about them .
Frostbite Engine minimum requirements CPU : Core 2 Duo @ 2.0GHz
RAM : 2GB
Video card : GeForce 7800 GT / ATI X1900
Graphics memory : 256MB
OS : Windows XP
Free HDD space : 15 GB for Digital Version , 10 GB for Disc Version ( BFBC2 ) 10 GB for Digital Version , 4GB for Disc Version ( BF1943 )
Frostbite Engine reccommended requirements : CPU : Quadcore
RAM : 2GB
Video card : GeForce GTX 260
Graphics memory : 512MB
OS : Windows Vista or Windows 7
Free HDD space : 15 GB for Digital Version , 10 GB for Disc Version ( BFBC2 ) 10 GB for Digital Version , 4GB for Disc Version ( BF1943 )
Now , the minimal requirements seem in order , with a dual core the correct choice due to the immense amount of physics processing , because of the destructible environment .
The minimum GPU ’s seem in order too , as the 7800GT and 1900XT are the GPU ’s of the PS3 and Xbox 360 respectively .
The recommended system requirements seem a bit steep , with a quadcore recommended , along with a GTX 260 .
Whether this means that a GTX 260 with 512MB VRAM will be able to handle the game at FullHD remains to bee seen .
And so does the fact that the game benefits entirely from using a quadcore or whether the quadcore simply allows the player to have physics calculations sped up to allow for better effects .
The biggest anomaly in the requirements might be the difference in size in the retail and digital download versions .
I can only speculate that the retail versions may be compressed , but that seems like an unlikely explanation .
All that remains to be seen now is how the game looks on the PC , and if it justifies its requirements .
However , with look of things , especially the fact that the game already looks decent on the PS3 beta , I presume the PC version only has better in store .
Mathematical Embarrassments
Mathematical embarrassments are problems that should be solved already
Terry
Tao is one of the greatest mathematicians of our time .
Tao has already solved many long - standing open problems , which earned him a Fields Medal .
What I cannot understand about him is how he can be so productive .
He is the author of one of the best blogs in the world , he writes original articles that solve hard open problems , he writes great survey articles on a wide range of topics , and he is the author of terrific books on topics from additive combinatorics to partial differential equations .
He is impressive .
Today I want to talk about a topic that he has discussed : mathematical embarrassments — the name is mine , but I hope he will agree with spirit of this term .
There is an old story about Godfrey Hardy and John Littlewood , who together , of course , published many great papers .
Steven Krantz tells a version of the story in his fun book , Mathematical apocrypha :
It is said that Landau thought “ Littlewood ” was a pseudonym for Hardy so that it would not seem like he wrote all the papers .
I think Tao might consider using this trick and invent a co-author or two .
It would help make the rest of us feel better .
Let ’s now turn to mathematical embarrassments .
Mathematical Embarrassments
A mathematical embarrassment ( ME ) is a problem that should have been solved by now .
An ME usually is easy to state , seems approachable , and yet resists all attempts at an attack .
There may be many reasons that they are yet to be solved , but they “ feel ” like they should have been solved already .
Some Examples
The and problem .
The problem is to prove that and are both transcendental numbers .
We know that one of these must be transcendental .
For if both were algebraic , then so would ,
which contradicts the known fact that is transcendental .
Similarly , at least one of and must be transcendental , for otherwise
would be an algebraic polynomial with transcendental roots .
It seems ridiculous that we are able to show the transcendence of and , but not these numbers .
The linear recursion zero problem .
An ME due to Tao is a problem about linear recurrences .
Given a linear recurrence over the integers ,
with initial conditions , does there exist an so that ?
He only asks for a decision procedure : he says that it is faintly outrageous that this problem is still open ; it is saying that we do not know how to decide the halting problem even for “ linear ” automata !
Mersenne composites .
The problem is to prove that for an infinite number of primes ,
is composite .
It is an open question whether there are infinite number of Mersenne primes .
Currently , only 47 Mersenne primes are known .
It seems more likely that there are an infinite number of Mersenne composites .
Leonhard Euler has shown that
Theorem :
If and is prime , then is prime if and only if .
Thus , if and are both primes , then is a composite number .
So an approach to the problem is to show there are infinitely many ‘s of the above form .
The Jacobian conjecture .
This is one of my favorite problems outside theory proper .
Consider two polynomials and .
The Jacobian Conjecture asks when is the mapping :
one to one ?
The values of are allowed to be any complex numbers .
Clearly , a simple necessary condition is that the mapping be locally one to one : this requires that the determinant of the Jacobian of the mapping to be everywhere non-zero .
That is that for all and ,
for some non-zero constant .
If the value of is not a constant , it is a non-trival polynomial , which must take the value zero for some values .
So for those values , the mapping will not even be one to one locally .
Note , is the value of the partial derivative of with respect to , and the same for .
The Jacobian Conjecture is that this necessary condition is sufficient .
This is the conjecture for two dimensions ; there is a similar one for higher dimensions , but this case is already open .
Note , the maps can be messy ; for example , the mapping
is one to one .
Then , compose this with some linear invertible transformation , and the mapping can start to look very strange .
The Jacobian Conjecture is related to another famous theorem called the Ax — Grothendieck theorem .
In fact , the Jacobian conjecture implies the Ax — Grothendieck theorem .
Theorem : Suppose that is a polynomial function .
Then , if is one - to - one , then is onto .
The proof is based on the following trivial observation : if a map from a finite set to itself is one - to - one , then it is onto .
Amazing .
The full proof is based on a simple compactness argument and this simple observation .
See this for a nice exposition by Michael O’Connor .
The existence of explicit non-linear lower bounds .
One of the great ME for theory is that we have no circuit lower bounds that are non-linear on any explicit problem .
The natural proof and other barriers do not seem to be relevant here .
I do not believe that they stop a lower bound of the form :
The BPP hierarchy problem .
The problem is to show that is more powerful than .
Even with respect to oracles , we do not know if this is true .
It is hard to believe that such a basic question is still open .
There is a partial result due to Jin - Yi Cai , Ajay Nerurkar , and D. Sivakumar .
The number of planar graphs .
How many labeled planar graphs are there , with a given number of vertices ?
If is the number of such graphs , then the best known bounds are of the form :
where .
How can we not know the number of planar graphs ?
Well it turns out that I am embarrassed — Omer Giménez and Marc Noy know .
They have proved — in 2008 — an asymptotic estimate for the number of labeled planar graphs :
where and are explicit computable constants .
This a beautiful result , which solves a long standing ME .
There more known about 2 - connected planar graphs — see the paper by Edward Bender , Zhicheng Gao , and Nicholas Wormald for some pretty results .
One that I like very much is that they can show that a random 2 - connected planar graph is highly likely to contain many copies of any fixed planar graph :
Theorem :
For any fixed planar graph , there exist positive constants and such that the probability that a random labeled 2 - connected planar graph G with vertices has less than vertex disjoint copies of is .
The Barrington problem .
David Barrington ’s famous theorem shows that polynomial size bounded width computations can compute all of .
He does this by using computations over simple groups .
An open question is can simple groups be replaced by solvable groups ?
I think the conventional wisdom is that this must be impossible .
But there seems to be no progress on this problem .
The reason it is interesting is that the construction of Barrington fails easily for solvable groups , but that is not a proof .
See this set of lecture notes and the blog post by Lance Fortnow for more discussion on Barrington ’s theorem .
The problem .
This problem is given a series of integers
is there a subset of size that sums to ?
How can order be the best possible running time ?
This algorithm is essentially the same as the exponential algorithm for the knapsack problem that I talked about before .
Recall , that the knapsack problem is to find a 0 - 1 vector so that
The method re-writes the problem as
where — we can assume that is even .
Then , all the left hand sums are computed , and all the right hand sums are computed too .
There is a solution to the original problem if and only if these sets have a value in common .
Since there are of them , this method takes time times a polynomial in .
The Hilbert subspace problem .
Given a Hilbert space and a linear operator is there a subspace so that it is non-trivial , invariant under , and closed ?
Invariant under means that for each in , is also in .
This is a classic result for finite Hilbert spaces , but is has long been open in general .
Several special cases of this problem have been resolved , but not the general case .
Open Problems
What are your favorite ME ?
Let me know , please .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 18 , 2009
In a CNN segment airing today , Jim Acosta assures us there are no FEMA detention camps and Obama will not take away the guns of law - abiding Americans .
CNN continues its well - oiled propaganda campaign against the patriot movement with a segment on the Oath Keepers .
CNN ’s Jim Acosta profiles the organization ’s founder , Stewart Rhodes , nearly a month after MSNBC attack dog Chris Matthews had him on his show and attempted to portray the Oath Keepers as a radical organization of crazed radicals that poses a threat to the nation .
Acosta is somewhat more gentle in his presentation , but the message is analogous to the one presented by Matthews — Rhodes and the Oath Keepers are dangerous , particularly in regard to U.S. military personnel .
The CNN segment cites the Department of Homeland Security ’s report on supposed “ rightwing extremism ” warning that veterans and active duty soldiers may fall under the sway of white supremacists — who we are told hate Obama because of his skin color — and dangerous anti-government militants .
In order to drive home the looming threat of the Oath Keepers , the CNN piece contains an interview with Mark Potok , propaganda minister of the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Potok , who habitually makes the rounds on MSNBC and CNN , tells Acosta the Oath Keepers are “ exploiting false rumors found on fringe websites ” such as Infowars and Prison Planet ( although Acosta and Potok do not mention Alex Jones ’ flagship websites by name ) .
Acosta , however , does mention Alex Jones ’ latest documentary , Fall of the Republic , which he characterizes as an “ anti- Obama ” film .
In fact , Fall of the Republic downplays the importance of Barack Obama and documents his role as a front - man for the global elite and the bankster cartel .
Acosta and CNN attempt to forge a link between Fall of the Republic and the Oath Keepers promise to obey and protect the Constitution , not a particular president .
Oath Keepers extras from Fall of the Republic .
At the end of the segment , CNN tells us there is “ no proof ” of detention camps or a plan by the government to outlaw weapons .
As Infowars and Prison Planet have documented on numerous occasions , there is indeed evidence of government detention camps .
Legislation currently working through Congress mandates the establishment of “ national emergency centers ” to be located on military installations .
As Steve Waston noted in March , the purpose of such facilities is to provide “ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster , ” the expansion of which under FEMA is codified under HR 645 , otherwise known as the National Emergency Centers Act .
In 2006 , the Army Corps of Engineers awarded a contract worth up to $ 385 million to build “ temporary immigration detention centers ” to Kellogg Brown & Root , a Halliburton subsidiary .
The camps were built for the Department of Homeland Security .
“ The real agenda , just as it is with Halliburton ’s gulags , [ under the government ’s Rex 84 and numerous other programs is ] to use the cover of rounding up immigrants and illegal aliens as a smokescreen for targeting political dissidents .
From 1967 to 1971 the FBI kept a list of persons to be rounded up as subversive , dubbed the ‘ ADEX ’ list , ” writes Watson .
The ADEX list no longer exists — in recent years , it was replaced by a sprawling terrorist database that contains the names of well over a million Americans .
[ efoods ]
The claim that the Obama administration and its Democrat allies are not working to outlaw guns for law - abiding Americans is a lie countered by an avalanche of evidence .
According to Alan Korwin , author of Gun Laws of America , Obama ’s attorney general , Eric Holder , wrote a brief in the District of Columbia Heller case supporting the position that Americans have no right to possess working firearms .
Last week the Obama administration signaled it intends to force gun control and a complete ban on all weapons for Americans through the signing of international treaties with foreign nations .
” By signing international treaties on gun control , the Obama administration can use the US State Department to bypass the normal legislative process in Congress .
Once the US Government signs these international treaties , all US citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments .
These are laws that have been developed and promoted by organizations such as the United Nations and individuals such as George Soros and Michael Bloomberg .
The laws are designed and intended to lead to the complete ban and confiscation of all firearms , ” explains Real Conservatives .
The decision , announced in a statement released by the U.S. State Department , overturns the position of the Bush administration , which had opposed such a treaty on the grounds that national controls were better , according to Reuters .
In November of 2008 , before Obama was selected , Infowars documented his long history of opposition to the Second Amendment .
Obama was on the board of the anti-gun Joyce Foundation , the largest funding source for radical anti-gun groups in the country .
In 1996 , he supported a ban on the manufacture , sale and possession of handguns .
He proposed a 500 percent increase in the excise taxes on firearms and ammunition .
In 2003 , Obama voted in support of legislation that would have banned privately owned hunting shotguns , target rifles and black powder rifles in Illinois .
In 2004 , he voted against legislation intended to protect homeowners from prosecution in cases where they used a firearm to halt a home invasion .
Earlier today , Alex Jones and Paul Joseph Watson wrote about an ADL campaign to demonize Jones and portray him as a menace .
“ The tone of the ADL ’s hit piece basically implies that Alex Jones and his ilk are such a threat to the establishment that they should be removed from society , which ironically is exactly how Hitler dealt with his political enemies in Nazi Germany .
The ADL is allegorically pinning a yellow star on ‘ conspiracy theorists , ’ Oath Keepers , Tea Party protesters , and anyone else who dares express dissent in response to the financial looting of the country or Barack Obama ’s big government agenda , ” Jones and Watson wrote .
CNN and MSNBC , in league with the government , are determined to wipe out or at best hobble the patriot movement through mischaracterization , innuendo , and outright lies .
CNN’s “ series ” on the “ militia movement ” — and the Oath Keepers is not a militia , as Rhodes noted — is only an opening chapter in the frontal assault of the elite ’s ongoing war against truth and the First Amendment .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Leaders in Washington and Jerusalem have publicly locked horns over the issue of West Bank settlements .
And Israeli public opinion has largely viewed America ’s new administration as unfriendly .
But behind the scenes , strategic security relations between the two countries are flourishing .
Image by GETTY IMAGES Joint Exercise : Israeli soldiers train near the coastal city of Ashdod in October , part of the largest missile defense dry run ever held .
Some 1,400 American soldiers were also involved .
Israeli officials have been singing the praises of President Obama for his willingness to address their defense concerns and for actions taken by his administration to bolster Israel ’s qualitative military edge — an edge eroded , according to Israel , during the final year of the George W. Bush presidency .
Among the new initiatives taken by the administration , the Forward has learned , are adjustments in a massive arms deal the Bush administration made with Arab Gulf states in response to Israeli concerns .
There have also been upgrades in U.S. - Israeli military cooperation on missile defense .
And a deal is expected next year that will see one of the United States ’ most advanced fighter jets go to Israel with some of America ’s most sensitive new technology .
Amid the cacophony of U.S. - Israel clashes on the diplomatic front , public attention given to this intensified strategic cooperation has been scant .
But in a rare public comment in October , Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren praised the Obama administration ’s response to complaints about lost ground during the close of the Bush years as “ warm and immediate . ”
“ We came to the Obama administration and said , ‘ Listen , we have a problem here , ’ ” Oren , told a gathering of the National Jewish Democratic Council .
“ The administration ’s reaction was immediate : we are going to address this issue , we are going to make sure that we maintain your QME [ qualitative military edge ] . ”
The warmth seems to stand in contrast to public opinion in Israel , which , according to a recent survey , is highly critical of Obama , seeing him as weak and naive .
Bush is perceived as having been a much stronger ally .
But when the new administration settled in , it faced entreaties from Jerusalem to redress what Israeli officials saw as an erosion on the strategic side during the last stage of Bush ’s tenure .
The Israelis cited Arab progress in replacing old Soviet weapons with new Western arms , and advances in the operational technology of weapons that has made Israel ’s investment in human skills less significant .
But Jerusalem ’s concerns , well - informed Israeli sources say , were also stoked by a massive $ 20 billion arms deal that the United States signed with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states during the Bush administration ’s last year .
In its attempt to counter Iran ’s military buildup and nuclear ambitions , the former administration approved an arms contract that included upgrades of the Gulf countries ’ air and naval capabilities , as well as advanced missile defense systems and modern satellite - guided bombs .
Israel , which sees Iran as its prime enemy in the region , initially accepted the Bush strategists ’ rationale for the huge arms transfer .
Jerusalem voiced only mild concern regarding some of the specifics , mainly the supply of precision bombs .
But in recent months , Israeli defense officials visiting Washington stepped up complaints about the Saudi deal .
To the newly installed Obama administration officials , the Israelis argued that the usage and deployment of these arms breached earlier understandings and could tilt the military balance against Israel .
These complaints were met with what one Israeli diplomat called a “ receptiveness ” that was demonstrated in the new administration ’s willingness to adjust the arms deployments to mitigate Israel ’s concerns .
A former senior security official in the Bush administration said Bush ’s guidance to all levels was to maintain Israel ’s qualitative military edge .
The ex-official , who would speak only on background , added that the arms sales to Gulf countries were done in light of the Arab world ’s anxiety over Iran ’s ambitions .
“ We saw it as a positive for all sides , ” he said , adding Israel had no complaints against it “ on the strategic level . ”
According to Steve Rosen , a former lobbyist for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee who is now a private consultant , the Obama administration , and especially the Pentagon , is now more open to supplying Israel with cutting - edge technology in an attempt to ensure Israel ’s confidence and possibly steer Jerusalem away from the idea of attacking Iran .
“ In an effort to give Israel a larger margin of safety , the U.S. is releasing technology that under other circumstances would have been seen as more sensitive , ” he said .
The United States and Israel have also recently launched a new consultative mechanism for discussing and addressing issues relating to Israel ’s qualitative military edge .
This new process , involving key officials from the Pentagon and State Department on the American side and Israel ’s Foreign and Defense ministries , is currently being applied to several outstanding Israeli concerns .
Israeli defense officials and pro-Israel activists characterize this as a significant development in strategic consultations between the two countries .
America ’s commitment to maintaining Israel ’s qualitative military edge was codified directly into U.S. law via 2008 legislation backed by AIPAC .
This legislation requires the president to report to Congress periodically on actions taken by the administration to ensure Israel ’s advantage .
A spokeswoman for the House Foreign Affairs Committee told the Forward that the White House provided its first report to Congress this past summer .
The report was classified , and no information regarding its content has been released .
Long before the 2008 law , the Reagan administration promised that America would ensure Israel ’s military advantage over its neighbors .
And succeeding presidents have maintained this commitment .
The commitment defined Israel ’s strategic advantage as the difference between Israel ’s military capabilities compared with each one of its Arab adversaries or with the combination of all adversaries .
“ Originally , it was Israel ’s way to overcome its numeric inferiority , ” said Guy Ben - Ari , deputy director of the defense - industrial initiatives group at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
He explained that the notion has been held up by both sides , despite the fact that Israel ’s main military challenges — confronting terrorism and Iran ’s nuclear threat — are not issues determined by the size of its military .
The Israelis stressed that what happened during the close of Bush ’s tenure was an erosion of Israeli ’s military edge , not a breach of the Reagan era commitment .
Beyond correcting the perceived imbalance that developed under Bush , Israeli officials have also praised the Obama administration for increasing cooperation about missile defense .
A November joint American - Israeli exercise , codenamed Juniper Cobra , was the largest and most extensive missile defense dry run ever held , and involved 1,400 American servicemen simulating responses to a possible attack against Israel .
“ The size and the high profile [ of the exercise ] are a signal from the administration about its commitment to Israel ’s security , ” an Israeli diplomat said .
Another deal that is highly anticipated in Israel is the expected sale of the advanced F - 35 fighter jets to Israel ’s air force .
The Pentagon has offered Israel a unique version of the radar - evading future aircraft for supply in 2015 .
A deal is expected to be signed early next year .
Still , Israeli officials and American lobbyists stressed that not all outstanding issues have been resolved .
Supporters of Israel are now pushing for the administration and Congress to limit American arms sales to Lebanon because of the re-emergence of Hezbollah in Southern Lebanon on Israel ’s northern border , and the failure of the central government in Beirut to disarm the group .
Pro-Israel lobbyists cite their concern that American weapons might fall into the hands of Hezbollah , which is backed by Israel ’s avowed enemy , Iran .
Contact Nathan Guttman at guttman@forward.com
Alamy
THE Green Relief “ natural health clinic ” in a bohemian part of San Francisco does n't sound like an ordinary doctor 's surgery .
For those who wonder about the sort of relief provided , its logo — a cannabis leaf — is a clue .
Inside , in under an hour and for $ 99 , patients can get a doctor 's letter allowing them to smoke marijuana in California with no fear of prosecution .
In a state that pioneered bans on smoking tobacco , smoking cannabis is now easier than almost anywhere in the world .
California , with its network of pot-friendly physicians , offers the most visible evidence of a tentative worldwide shift towards a more liberal policy on drugs .
Although most countries remain bound by a trio of United Nations conventions that prohibit the sale and possession of narcotics , laws are increasingly being bent or ignored .
That is true even in the United States , where the Obama administration has announced that registered cannabis dispensaries will no longer be raided by federal authorities .
From heroin “ shooting galleries ” in Vancouver to Mexico 's decriminalisation of personal possession of drugs , the Americas are suddenly looking more permissive .
Meanwhile in Europe , where drugs policy is generally less stringent , seven countries have decriminalised drug possession , and the rest are increasingly ignoring their supposedly harsh regimes .
Is the “ war on drugs ” becoming a fiction ?
Reformers are in a bold mood .
Earlier this year a report by ex-presidents of Brazil , Colombia and Mexico called for alternatives to prohibition .
On November 12th a British think - tank , Transform , launched a report * setting out ideas on how drugs could be legally regulated .
For every substance from cannabis to crack , it suggests a form of regulation , via doctors ' prescriptions , pharmacy sales or consumption on licensed premises .
That world is still some way off .
But a debate about regulation is increasingly drowning out the one about enforcement .
Take America , where 13 states let people smoke marijuana for medical reasons .
Most set somewhat stricter terms than California — where insomnia , migraines and post - traumatic stress can all be reasons for a spliff , if you see the right doctor .
“ There 's never been a person born who could n't qualify , ” says Keith Stroup , the founder of the National Organisation for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , a lobby group that has been around since 1970 .
“ In California , the system of medical use they have adopted is in fact a version of legalisation . ”
Elsewhere in the United States , there are many signs of prohibition ebbing away .
Some 14 states have decriminalised the possession of marijuana for personal use ( medical or otherwise ) , though most keep the option of a $ 100 civil penalty .
Three states — New Mexico , Rhode Island and Massachusetts — license non-profit corporations to grow medical marijuana .
Most radically , some states are considering legalising the drug completely .
California and Massachusetts are holding committee hearings on bills to legalise pot outright ; Oregon is expected to introduce such a bill within the next couple of weeks .
One reason for the sudden popularity of cannabis is financial .
Tom Ammiano , the California assemblyman who introduced the bill to legalise marijuana earlier this year , points out that were it taxed it could raise some $ 1.3 billion a year for state coffers , based on a $ 50 per ounce levy on sales .
As an added benefit to the public purse , lots of police time and prison space would be freed up .
California 's jails heave with 170,000 inmates , almost a fifth of them inside for drug - related crimes , albeit mostly worse than just possessing a spliff .
In Europe , the authorities face similar pressures : the difficulty of enforcement , and bursting courts and prisons .
So the tough sentences recommended in the laws of many European countries are seldom handed out .
London 's police chief said last week that law - breakers of all kinds were escaping with cautions or on - the - spot fines , because of pressure on the courts .
Though many European countries still have prison as an option for convicted drug users , in reality only a fraction end up in jail , according to new research from the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction , the EU 's drug agency ( see chart ) .
What is more , the sentences are shorter in reality than politicians like to pretend .
In Denmark the top sentence for a standard drug offence was recently raised from six to ten years , but the average time actually served is 20 months .
More startling is Britain , where possession of cannabis can , in theory , result in a five - year prison term .
In fact just 0.2 % of people found in possession of pot go to jail ; most of the rest get off with a warning .
The few who go behind bars — usually serial offenders , or suspected dealers — do an average of three months .
Europe 's lenient lands
Elsewhere in Europe , the law itself is softer .
Personal possession of any drug — even the hardest — is not a crime in Spain , Portugal , Italy , the Czech Republic or the Baltic states .
Some German states and Swiss cantons take the same line .
Portugal is especially liberal : rather than fining users or punishing them in other ways ( such as removing their driving licences ) , it usually just impounds their stash and sends them on a course of treatment and dissuasion .
Since it began in 2001 , the policy has led to a rise in the number of people seeking treatment but no apparent increase in use .
Experiments like these seem to have been noted in the White House .
Barack Obama 's drug tsar , Gil Kerlikowske , has been at pains to distance himself from talk of legalisation of cannabis , or any other drug .
( Legalising pot is a “ non-starter ” , he said on October 23rd . )
But it is clear that the election of Mr Obama , who in the past has called the war on drugs an “ utter failure ” , has affected policy both in the United States and elsewhere in the Americas .
Under the Bush administration , cannabis dispensaries were shut down , regardless of the laws of the state in which they operated .
The new political climate in Washington , DC , has made it easier for Canada to take a more liberal line on cannabis .
In British Columbia , harder drugs are treated in innovative ways too : heroin addicts can get their doses on prescription , and take them in supervised conditions .
Farther south , the results of Mr Obama 's election seem dramatic .
In August , Mexico decriminalised the possession of small amounts of any drug — from cannabis to crack — in a bid to free its federal agents to focus on bringing traffickers to justice .
It had tried to do so in 2006 , but howls of protest from the Bush administration halted the move at the eleventh hour .
In August , Argentina 's supreme court said it was unconstitutional to prosecute people for drug possession .
The following month , Colombia 's supreme court issued a similar ruling .
Now , Brazil and Ecuador are said to be mulling decriminalisation .
It remains to be seen whether these moves will help stem the bloodshed that has engulfed the region .
In Ciudad Juárez , a Mexican border town ravaged by trafficking wars , some 2,000 people have been murdered this year , making it one of the riskiest places on earth .
Decriminalising personal possession , though helpful in other ways , wo n't do much to tackle organised crime , which retains its grip on the market .
But America 's tentative moves in the direction of legalising the supply of drugs , rather than just going easy on users , could start to change things .
Sanho Tree , of the Institute for Policy Studies , an American think - tank , notes that Mexico 's cartels are thought to get about 70 % of their income from sending marijuana north .
The higher the legal production , the harder that will be .
If California 's hippies long for legalisation , the bullet - weary citizens of Mexico 's poorest barrios are even keener .
* “ After The War On Drugs : Blueprint For Regulation ” , from Transform Drugs Policy Foundation .
The corkscrew earrings I got for my 16th birthday felt way too ’ 80s to wear , but I still liked to look at them sometimes .
As for the dome - shaped ring with the ripple running over it , my mother could n’t figure out how to wear it , so she gave it to me to try .
Could I really trade these things for a pile of twenties ?
What about the bracelet that friends of my parents gave me for my bat mitzvah , thrillingly ensconced in a red Cartier box ?
Or the earrings my grandfather made at his shop on the Lower East Side ?
O.K. , this array of gold jewelry was not really mine , but the story behind each piece was real for somebody .
Over the last year , as the price for gold has risen  it is now above $ 1,000 an ounce , an all - time high  countless people have gone rummaging around their dresser drawers for those old trinkets from Aunt Bertha .
They ’ve asked themselves some hard questions :
What is the exchange rate for sentimental value ?
At what price does it make sense to open the jewelry box and let the treasures go ?
Alas , I have no gold  and , on closer inspection , no Aunt Bertha .
Some colleagues , however , had some old baubles , so I stuffed them in a Tiffany & Company felt bag and headed off to the diamond district to sell memories by the ounce .
Friendster , the 2002 originator of today 's social networking phenomenon , announced Thursday morning that 100 percent of its assets will be acquired by MOL Global , an affiliate of the online payment company MOL AccessPortal Berhad located in Kuala Lumpur .
The first social network to launch , and the first to roll out in Asia , Friendster still enjoys popularity there , thanks to 75 million registered users there who constitute over 90 percent of the site 's overall membership .
In addition to focusing the company further on the Asian and especially South Asian market , MOL Global plans to integrate its payment systems into Friendster , making enabling commerce and especially micro-transactions through the service .
MOL also plans to add its network for selling games , gifts , music , video and physical items .
The deal , which will be completed by the end of the year , came about after MOL Global built two services for the network —
The Friendster Wallet and The Friendster Gift Shop — that let users buy virtual gifts for friends starting in October .
The parties did not disclose the price of the acquisition , but the Financial Times pegs it at around $ 100 million .
On one hand , Friendster investors are lucky the service is popular enough with Asian teenagers for the sale to happen at all , considering users elsewhere moved on to MySpace , then Facebook and Twitter .
On the other , as All Things Digital points out , if then - white - hot Friendster had sold to Google in 2003 for $ 30 million in Google stock , that deal would have been worth $ 1 billion today — ten times what MOL Global paid .
For users of social networks , Friendster 's saga offers a cautionary tale .
At a time when MySpace is gobbling up social media networks like imeem and iLike , and Apple is acquiring Lala , Friendster 's metamorphosis into an Asia - focused network comes as another reminder that as we build more of our lives onto social networks , we do so on constantly - shifting ground .
See Also :
Brad Pitt reportedly turned down $ 5 million for a public appearance to spend time with his children .
The ' Burn After Reading ' star had been due to attend the Grand Prix Ball Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates on October 31 , but failed to show up .
Photographs later revealed he had joined partner Angelina Jolie and their six children trick - or - treating for Halloween in Los Angeles .
A source told Life and Style magazine : " He 's spending more time with the family and doing less of these appearances , even though it 's a huge sum of cash . "
A spokesperson for the event - which featured performances from Beyonce Knowles , Aerosmith and Timbaland , and raised money for clean water charity Fresh2o - admitted Brad had been expected to attend and was unsure why he had shunned the huge appearance fee .
James Magee , a representative for Global Event Management , said : " We were told he would be attending as the guest of the Tourism Development and Investment Company .
But he was a no - show , and nobody seemed to know why . "
Given the state of the economy , there ’s no shortage of stories about debt - saddled landlords delaying repayment of security deposits .
Take mine .
After moving to San Francisco from New York in January , my husband and I tried for months to get in touch with our landlord and get our deposit back .
Good tenants , we had always paid our rent on time , including the rent for the last two months of the lease when the apartment was vacant ( we did n’t want a bad reference down the road ) , and left the apartment in perfect condition .
Naturally , we expected to have no problem getting our deposit back .
But when we finally connected with the landlord at least four months later , she informed us that she simply did n’t have the money to pay us back .
Her excuses — that many of the apartments in her buildings were now vacant and that she was renting our old place out for much less than we paid — left us scratching our heads ( was n’t she supposed to keep our money separate ? ) and wondering what we should do next .
Janet Portman , a lawyer and author of “ Every Tenant ’s Legal Guide ” and an e-guide on getting security deposits back , said such situations were unfortunately pretty common these days , especially for tenants whose landlords are going into foreclosure or bankruptcy and may be broke .
Still , tenants are n’t without recourse .
To get a security deposit back , Ms. Portman suggested first looking at what the laws in your state say about how long a landlord has to repay .
Most states give landlords three to four weeks but some , like New York , give landlords a “ reasonable ” amount of time , generally assumed to be 30 to 60 days , as covered in this recent Real Estate Q&A .
( Whether the landlords have to separate the money , put it in a bank and pay interest also varies by state . )
When landlords blow the deadline , Ms. Portman said , tenants should write them “ a demand letter , ” setting out all the facts , including that you paid a deposit of such and such amount , that you left owing no rent and that you left behind no damage beyond normal wear and tear .
You should also mention that a reasonable amount of time has passed since you moved out and you would like your money repaid within a specified deadline .
If that deadline passes , then you can take the landlord to small claims court .
In some states , like New York , you can file a complaint with the state attorney general first , before resorting to court .
( Check out these other Real Estate Q&As on getting a deposit back in New York when a landlord wo n’t respond and when a new management company takes over a building ) .
But what you need to weigh before going to court , Ms. Portman said , is what going after your landlord is going to cost you in terms of time , effort and money vs. the likelihood you are going to get anything back ( tenants in foreclosed buildings often are repaid before many other creditors , but not without putting in a lot of time and effort ) .
“ It may end up being more expensive to go after that deposit than it ’s worth .
Can you get blood out of a turnip ? ” Ms. Portman said .
In my case , according to Ms. Portman , what my landlord was doing was clearly illegal .
Our story , however , has a happy ending .
After the disturbing conversation with our old landlord , we touched base with a lawyer friend of ours who said he would start drafting our demand letter .
Then we called the landlord to tell her we would be sending a letter soon unless she paid us the security deposit back in two installments over the next two months .
The threat seemed to work , and two checks soon arrived in the mail .
If you ’ve ever had trouble getting a security deposit back , what did you do ?
What tips do you have for making the process easier ?
I recently came across this post by bit-player , which refers to this post by William Gasarch , on a very interesting feasibility problem : given an grid , assign one of colors to each position on the grid so that no rectangle ends up with the same color in all of its vertices ( see the original post for applications of this problem ) .
Many results are known for different values of , , and , but the challenge ( which comes with a reward of US $ 289 ) is to decide whether a feasible solution exists when and .
Apparently , some attempts have been made to use Integer Programming ( IP ) to solve this problem :
SAT - solvers and IP - programs have been used but have not worked — however , I do n’t think they were tried that seriously .
By writing this post , I hope to get enough O.R. people excited to brainstorm together in search of a solution .
Given this is a feasibility problem , another method of choice here would be Constraint Programming ( more on that later ) .
I decided to begin with the first IP formulation that came to mind .
I did n’t expect it to close the deal , but I wanted to see how far it would take me .
Here it is : let the binary variable equal 1 if the cell in row and column receives color .
There are two groups of constraints .
Every cell must have a color :
Every rectangle can have at most 3 vertices with the same color :
where
, , , and .
The objective function does not matter ( in theory ) , but my limited experiments indicate that it ’s better to minimize the sum of all than it is to maximize it .
Gasarch also provides this diagram with a rectangle - free subset of size 74 for a 17 x 17 grid .
I then added constraints of the form for every cell with an “ R ” in the diagram .
This may be too restrictive , since it ’s not clear to me whether a feasible solution to the 17 x 17 grid must contain that diagram as a subset .
If that ’s true , the latter constraints help with symmetry breaking and also substantially reduce the problem size .
To reduce some of the color symmetry in the problem , I also arbitrarily chose cell ( 1,1 ) to contain color 2 , i.e. .
Note that this still allows colors 3 and 4 to be swapped .
I could have set , but that would mean taking a risk .
Finally , for the 17 x 17 grid , it is suspected that each line and each row will have three colors used four times and one color used five times , hence , I also included the following constraints :
Once again , if my understanding is correct , there ’s no formal proof that the above constraints are valid .
Here ’s a ZIMPL model that can be used to generate the .LP files and here ’s the 17 x 17 LP .
I set CPLEX ’s MIP emphasis to 4 ( look for hidden feasible solutions ) and first ran a 14 x 14 as a warm - up .
CPLEX 12.1 finds a feasible solution in under 5 seconds ( I substituted 1 for 4 in the color usage constraints above ) .
I stopped the 15 x 15 problem after 12 fruitless hours of search , so 14 x 14 is apparently the largest of the easy instances .
I started the 17 x 17 run last Thursday .
The initial IP has 1156 variables and 74,620 constraints .
Pre-processing reduces that to 642 variables and 15,775 constraints .
After approximately 122 hours and 77,000 nodes on a dual - core machine ( 3.79 GHz ) , no solution was found .
Now it ’s time for smarter ideas .
Here are a few candidates :
1 ) Try a column - generation approach .
It ’s easy to find solutions for 8×8 and 9×9 grids , which will appear as sub -grids of a 17 × 17 solution .
So it may be possible to write a set partitioning formulation ( with side constraints ) that has the 8×8 and 9×9 solutions as variables .
2 ) Try a meta- heuristic approach ( e.g. simulated annealing ) .
This problem is probably one of those for which an almost - feasible solution ( like this one ) can be very far from a feasible solution .
3 ) Try constraint programming .
I think the main difficulty here will be finding a good variable and value selection heuristic .
I started building a Comet model for the problem using the global constraint cardinality ; here it is .
It still does not include the constraints that fix the color of the rectangle free subset provided by Gasarch , but those are very easy to add ( see the code that is commented out ) .
Let me know what your thoughts and hunches are !
The deposed Shah of Iran ‑ a reluctant exile on the Caribbean casino resort of Paradise Island ‑ turned into such an international pariah that an ambassador was dispatched incognito to dissuade him from seeking asylum in the UK .
Secret files released today reveal how the Foreign Office and Downing Street schemed to keep their former ally at arm 's- length and conceal British involvement .
Using the pseudonym Edward Wilson and wearing dark glasses , the veteran diplomat Sir Denis Wright was flown to the Bahamas to inform the ruler once venerated as " Shahanshah " ( King of Kings ) that he could not retire to his Surrey estate .
The Iranian revolution and the flight of the Shah in February 1979 had transformed British interests in Iran , exposing UK firms and citizens to the risk of confiscation and arrest amid the Islamic backlash .
The UK was specifically targeted because of its intimate past ties to the ousted royal regime .
Members of the Pahlavi family were deterred from entering the UK , according to the documents released to the National Archives , in case London became a centre of opposition to the new leader , Ayatollah Khomeini .
A family tree of the Shah 's relatives was sent to immigration officials .
A Foreign Office official wrote : " Ideally we would prefer to discourage this group from coming to Britain ( we accept we cannot prevent them from doing so if they qualify under the immigration rules ) but we shall have to handle these personalities on a case by case basis . "
In March , the UK smoothed the way , surreptitiously , for the ailing monarch to slip out of Morocco and fly to the Bahamas .
" We wish to avoid publicity over our role in transmitting the Moroccan request , which is difficult to refuse , " one diplomat recorded .
" The idea of the Shah spending some time in the Bahamas and then moving off to settle in Latin America could offer a satisfactory way of removing him from the limelight . "
Jock Duncan , UK high commissioner in the Bahamian capital , Nassau , observed the arrival of the Pahlavi entourage aboard a chartered Air Maroc 747 jet .
" He was whisked to Paradise Island by helicopter , " Duncan noted .
" He is staying in the private house of James Crosby , head of Resorts International , who owns the casino complex – reportedly as a paying guest . "
Tourists were removed from neighbouring hotels to make room for the Shah 's followers .
" Coming under the umbrella of Resorts International the gentleman is not in good company , " added a disapproving Duncan .
Brazil , Argentina , the US and New Zealand all denied the Shah refuge .
The incoming Conservative government was left to confront the dilemma .
Margaret
Thatcher , barely three weeks into her premiership , accepted the objection of Sir Anthony Parsons – the last ambassador to Tehran – to granting the Shah asylum and his proposal that someone should convey the news " frankly " to the Shah in person .
Sir Denis Wright , an earlier UK ambassador to Iran , was chosen as emissary .
" Confidentiality is most important , " Lord Carrington telexed to Duncan in Nassau .
" You should say nothing of Wright 's visit [ even ] .. to the Americans . "
The high commissioner was instructed to meet Wright , who would be travelling under his assumed name and posing as a businessman visiting a friend .
Security around the Shah was " virtually impenetrable " , Duncan cabled back , and there was a serious risk of the visit leaking out .
The file stops shortly before Wright 's disguised arrival .
The former ambassador subsequently revealed that the Shah received the bad news with " bitter disappointment " .
After travels through the US , Mexico and Panama , the Shah eventually died of cancer in Egypt the following year .
Visit the National Archives site for the 1979 papers
New South Wales Greens ' MP
Ian Cohen says he could become bankrupt after being ordered to pay more than $ 1 million in costs after losing a defamation case in the High Court yesterday .
Property developer Jerry Bennette sued Mr Cohen over comments he made during public meetings on the far north coast in 2001 .
Previous court cases heard Mr Cohen defamed Mr Bennette by saying he was a thug and a bully .
Mr Cohen says he while he regrets making the comments , the case shows the difficulties faced by community activists .
" Things get said on the football field , in the pub - how sensitive are we going to be ? " he said .
" It 's important to recognise that we need a little bit of a buffer otherwise it becomes a situation where anything anyone says can be taken to court .
" I believe that cuts down the ability to actually represent and defend community values and attitudes and stick up for your mates , so there 's a lot of downside to this general trend . "
The Top 10 Stories You Missed in 2009
Sometimes it ’s the page A14 stories — the ones that never see the light of cable news or take a second life in the blogosphere — that tell you the most about what happened during any given year .
From a naval alliance that could shift the military balance of power on two continents to a troubling security gap in the U.S. passport system to a brand - new way to circle the globe , these are the stories that never got the attention they deserved in 2009 but could dominate the conversation in 2010 .
The Northeast Passage Opens for Business
The mythic Northwest Passage still captures imaginations , but this September , two German vessels made history by becoming the first commercial ships to travel from East Asia to Western Europe via the northeast passage between Russia and the Arctic .
Ice previously made the route impassable , but thanks to rising global temperatures , it ’s now a cakewalk .
“ There was virtually no ice on most of the route , ” Capt .
Valeriy Durov told the BBC .
“ Twenty years ago , when I worked in the eastern part of the Arctic , I could n’t even imagine something like this . ”
The significance of this development varies depending on whom you ask .
The passage could be a gold mine for the commercial shipping industry , opening up a vastly shorter and cheaper route from Asia to Europe .
But for environmentalists , the news is a sign that climate change may be reaching a dangerous tipping point .
Scientists ’ latest observations suggest that the Arctic might be largely ice - free during the summer within the next decade .
The environmental consequences — increased flooding in coastal regions around the world and extinction of local animal species — are well known .
But the thaw also opens possibilities for geopolitical competition .
Russia has literally planted its flag beneath the Arctic ice , staking a claim to newly accessible natural resources , much to the consternation of the other northern states .
The newly opened route will also benefit Russia by bringing new business to its eastern ports .
With the scramble for the Arctic ’s riches heating up , even peaceful Canada has been holding war games to prepare for possible military confrontation .
Photo : istockphoto.com
Iraq ’s New Flashpoint
With the international media and chattering classes turning their focus to Kabul , almost any news coming out of Baghdad got short shrift this year .
That ’s unfortunate because even as overall violence declined in Iraq , the conflict is far from over .
From a persistent insurgency carrying out regular attacks in major cities , to the country ’s 2.7 million remaining internal refugees , to a distressing lack of political reconciliation in Baghdad , Iraq has any number of emerging flashpoints that threaten to tear apart the tentative progress of recent years .
And most troubling of all may be the growing fears of a new conflict between Iraq ’s Arab and Kurdish populations .
The limited attention this subject has gotten so far has focused on the Kurdish claims to oil - rich Kirkuk , but analysts say developments in nearby Nineveh , the province around the northern city of Mosul , might be more dangerous still .
The area is south of the Kurdish border , but contains a large Kurdish population that is eager to incorporate the territory into Kurdistan .
Following the U.S. invasion , the Kurds became politically dominant in Nineveh , largely because of the apathy of the local Sunni population , and stationed peshmerga militia troops in the area in an effort to bring it under Kurdish control .
That changed in January when Sunnis rallied around the hard - line Arab nationalist party al - Hadba — which campaigned on a platform of pushing out the peshmerga and countering Kurdish influence — and handed it a narrow majority in Nineveh ’s provincial elections .
The Kurdish Fraternal List , the main Kurdish party in the region , walked out of the provincial council , vowing not to return unless it was given a number of senior leadership positions .
With both sides threatening to resort to violence to resolve the dispute and insurgent attacks continuing , including a truck bombing that killed 20 in a Kurdish village in September , Iraqi and U.S. authorities increasingly view Nineveh ’s conflict as the greatest threat to Iraq ’s stability .
“ Without a compromise deal , [ Nineveh ] risks dragging the country as a whole on a downward slope , ” Loulouwa al - Rachid , the International Crisis Group ’s senior Iraq analyst , said in September .
As one sign of how tense the situation has become , U.S. troops were still patrolling in Mosul months after their official withdrawal from other Iraqi cities .
ALI AL - SAADI / AFP / Getty Images
A Hotline for China and India
“ Hotlines ” between world leaders , like the legendary Moscow - Washington “ red telephone ” devised after the Cuban missile crisis , are designed to prevent misunderstandings or miscommunications between nuclear powers from escalating into a nuclear conflict .
China and the United States have one .
So do India and Pakistan .
This year , the leaders of India and China agreed to set one up between New Delhi and Beijing , highlighting concerns that a worsening border dispute could quickly become the first major conflict of the multipolar era .
Asia ’s two emerging superpowers are at odds over the Himalayan region of Tawang , a district of India ’s Arunachal Pradesh state that China claims is historically part of Tibet and therefore within China ’s borders .
The countries fought a war over the territory in 1962 that killed more than 2,000 soldiers .
The India - based Dalai Lama has a great deal of influence over the region ’s largely ethnic Tibetan population , further irritating Beijing .
The area has been increasingly militarized , and the Indian military documented 270 border violations and almost 2,300 cases of “ aggressive border patrolling ” by the Chinese in 2008 .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited the area in October , drawing official protests and retaliatory measures from Beijing .
In June , the Times of India reported that Chinese President Hu Jintao suggested to Singh that the hotline be set up so that the border dispute did n’t lead to military — or even nuclear — confrontation between the countries .
Although likely a prudent precaution , the hotline is an indication that Tawang has joined Kashmir as one of Asia ’s most dangerous flashpoints .
JEWEL SAMAD / AFP / Getty Images
A New Housing Bubble ?
More than any other factor , ill - advised speculation on U.S. real estate set off the global financial crisis .
But even after millions of foreclosures and secondary effects rippled through economies around the world , U.S. homeowners might be starting to make the same mistakes all over again .
After suffering their largest month - to - month drop in history , U.S. home prices began to increase again in May .
The S&P / Case - Shiller index , widely considered the most reliable measure of housing prices in the United States , rose 3.4 percent between May and July , with gains in 18 of the 20 cities the index measures .
Prices were still 13.3 percent lower than last year , but even that figure was less than expected .
The release of this data coincided with other positive indicators , including an increase in existing home sales and home construction .
“ We ’ve found the bottom , ” one economist told the New York Times .
Not so fast .
Economist Robert Shiller , one of the index ’s creators , sees the numbers as alarming rather than promising .
Pointing to survey data showing that most homeowners think that their house will increase dramatically in value over the next decade , he worries that “ bubble thinking ” might once again be taking hold .
“ [ I ]t appears that the extreme ups and downs of the housing market have turned many Americans into housing speculators , ” he wrote in the New York Times .
The government ’s solution to the housing crisis might , ironically , be causing the new problem , by encouraging irresponsible home buying by people who are n’t able to afford it .
The Federal Housing Administration , which backed nearly 2 million mortgages in 2009 , saw the percentage of its loans that are delinquent or in foreclosure rise to nearly 8 percent in June , and the agency is quickly burning through its reserves for loan losses .
A congressional committee has been formed to investigate the losses .
Even Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has said that Congress should look into the potential trade - offs of federal loan support .
With prices looking likely to keep rising in the near term and the U.S. government giving generous incentives for homeowners , there ’s a risk that the same irresponsible speculative behavior that caused the Great Recession might be returning .
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
The ‘ Civilian Surge ’ Fizzles
In November 2007 , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates delivered a now - famous speech at Kansas State University in which he acknowledged that “ military success is not sufficient to win ” counterinsurgency wars such as those in Iraq and Afghanistan and called for an increased role and increased funding for the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
In its Afghan strategy this March , Barack Obama ’s administration seemed to be following through on this advice , calling for a “ civilian surge ” of State Department and USAID personnel to complement the increased number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
“ What we ca n’t do is think that just a military approach in Afghanistan is going to be able to solve our problems , ” Obama told 60 Minutes , echoing Gates ’s rhetoric .
Just one month later , however , the administration asked Gates to identify 300 military personnel to fill jobs in Afghanistan intended for civilian experts , as not enough civilians were available .
Defense Undersecretary Michèle Flournoy acknowledged that the government was “ playing a game of catch - up ” after years of not developing civilian expertise .
The Pentagon has also been taking over traditional State Department functions in neighboring Pakistan , an unprecedented step in a country where U.S. troops are n’t formally allowed to operate .
Under a supplemental funding bill passed in June , the Pentagon was given temporary authority to manage a $ 400 million fund designed to boost the Pakistani military ’s counterinsurgency capabilities .
Military assistance of this kind is usually supervised by the State Department , but Gates — along with Centcom commander Gen. David Petraeus — argued successfully that the State Department lacked the capability to administer it .
The State Department may yet live up to the initial vision of Gates and Obama — a planned “ civilian response corps ” that would be able to deploy as many as 400 civilians to conflict areas seems promising — and Foggy Bottom is slated to eventually take over the Pakistan counterinsurgency fund .
But for now , the dream of a civilian surge to match the military effort seems far off .
As analyst Anthony Cordesman , who has advised the U.S. military on Afghanistan , put it , “ [ W ]e need to stop talking about ‘ smart power ’ as if we had it . ”
DAVID MCNEW / Getty Images
The Beijing - Brazil Naval Axis
Ever since China not so secretly bought several aging Soviet aircraft carriers during the 1990s , China ’s ambitious naval plans have been the subject of fevered speculation by military analysts .
In March , Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie offered the strongest confirmation yet that China plans to embark on a major aircraft - carrier building program , telling his Japanese counterpart , “ We need to develop an aircraft carrier . ”
The Pentagon thinks that the People ’s Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) could have multiple carriers up and running within the decade , with construction costs likely to run into the billions .
With little in the way of naval aviation experience , China would need to get its sailors and pilots up to speed in a hurry to meet that timetable — and that means finding an already operational carrier to train on .
The trouble is , only four countries still operate carriers capable of launching conventional aircraft .
The United States has little interest in helping the Chinese military ; France is prohibited from doing so by a European Union embargo ; and Russia has recently grown more wary about military cooperation with its powerful southern neighbor .
That leaves Brazil , which was only too happy to let PLAN officers train aboard its 52 - year - old carrier , the São Paulo ( which it bought from France in 2000 ) .
Brazilian Defense Minister Nelson Jobim revealed the program in an interview with a Brazilian defense website in May .
Although the exact terms of the deal are unknown , it is widely thought that the Chinese might be funding a restoration of the aging São Paulo in exchange for the training program .
A Chinese naval website also hinted that China might be helping Brazil build nuclear submarines , and Jobim himself said that he hoped the program would lead to military cooperation in other areas .
The United States has long been the dominant naval power in East Asia , but Chinese ships have recently been growing bolder about shadowing and confronting U.S. vessels and launching legal challenges to what Beijing views as unlawful intrusions into Chinese waters .
With China and India undergoing massive military buildups — the Indians are working on a plan to convert a Russian aircraft carrier for their own use — U.S. naval supremacy may be slipping .
Publicly , the U.S. Navy maintains that a Chinese carrier would n’t affect the military balance of power in the region , but this year ’s annual Pentagon report on China ’s military capabilities warns that the country ’s modernization campaign could “ increase Beijing ’s options for military coercion . ”
GUANG NIU / POOL / Getty Images
Dead Man Gets Passport
Since 2007 , the U.S. State Department has been issuing high - tech “ e- passports , ” which contain computer chips carrying biometric data to prevent forgery .
Unfortunately , according to a March report from the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , getting one of these supersecure passports under false pretenses is n’t particularly difficult for anyone with even basic forgery skills .
A GAO investigator managed to obtain four genuine U.S. passports using fake names and fraudulent documents .
In one case , he used the Social Security number of a man who had died in 1965 .
In another , he used the Social Security number of a fictitious 5 - year - old child created for a previous investigation , along with an ID showing that he was 53 years old .
The investigator then used one of the fake passports to buy a plane ticket , obtain a boarding pass , and make it through a security checkpoint at a major U.S. airport .
( When presented with the results of the GAO investigation , the State Department agreed that there was a “ major vulnerability ” in the passport issuance process and agreed to study the matter . )
More than 70 countries have adopted the biometric passports , which officials describe as a revolution in immigration security .
However , the GAO ’s investigation proves that even the best technology can’t keep a country safe when the bureaucracy behind it fails .
iStockPhoto.com
Chechen Murders Go Global
The world was shocked in July by the murder of human rights activist Natalya Estemirova in Chechnya .
Suspicions immediately focused on the Chechen Kremlin - backed strongman , Ramzan Kadyrov , a frequent target of Estemirova ’s investigations .
But Estemirova was just one of several critics of Kadyrov who has been murdered in recent months , and it appears that living abroad is no protection .
In January , Kadyrov ’s former bodyguard , Umar Israilov , was fatally shot in Austria , where he was seeking asylum .
Israilov had filed a complaint against Kadyrov in the European Court of Human Rights , accusing him of abductions and torture .
In March , an exiled former resistance fighter named Ali Osayev was murdered in Istanbul .
This followed the killings of two other former Chechen rebel commanders in Istanbul in late 2008 .
All three murders were carried out with a similar weapon , according to police .
Also in March , Sulim Yamadayev , who commanded a rebel faction that competed with Kadyrov ’s , was murdered in Dubai .
His brother Ruslan , once Kadyrov ’s rival for the Chechen presidency , was murdered in Moscow in September 2008 .
Interpol issued warrants for seven Russian citizens in connection with Sulim ’s murder , including a Duma representative from Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s United Russia party .
Then there ’s the shadowy conflict within the North Caucasus region itself , which is anything but frozen .
Although Kadyrov ’s repressive tactics have largely succeeded in pacifying Chechnya and the Kremlin issued a showy mission - accomplished declaration of the end of hostilities there in April , there are increasing fears that the republic ’s Islamist insurgency is spilling over into the surrounding region , with a wave of car bombings and assassinations in neighboring Ingushetia .
The president of that wayward republic was badly wounded in an assassination attempt in June .
VISKHAN MAGOMADOV / AFP / Getty Images
America Joins Uganda ’s Civil War
In January , the New York Times ‘ Jeffrey Gettleman broke the story that the U.S. military had helped plan and fund a Ugandan military attack against an infamous rebel group , the Lord ’s Resistance Army ( LRA ) , in eastern Congo .
The attack was poorly executed , allowing the rebel leaders to escape and murder 900 civilians in retaliation .
It was the first time the United States had directly participated in actions against the LRA , which is designated a terrorist group by the United States .
The LRA ’s religious fundamentalist leader , Joseph Kony , has abducted tens of thousands of children to serve as fighters and sex slaves in his decades - long guerrilla war against the Ugandan government .
The United States ’ new Africa Command ( Africom ) defended its role in the mission , saying that the Ugandan attack would have happened anyway and that it was “ too early to bring a final judgment ” about U.S. support .
But if some members of the U.S. Congress get their way , Africom ’s role in the conflict may expand .
A pending bill co-authored by Sens. Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) and Sam Brownback ( R - Kan . ) and enjoying wide bipartisan support would commit the United States to “ eliminating the threat posed by the Lord ’s Resistance Army … through political , economic , military , and intelligence support . ”
Although few disagree with bringing Kony to justice — he has refused to leave his jungle hideout since the International Criminal Court indicted him for crimes against humanity — the bill raises questions about the proper role of Africom , which has thus far functioned in a mostly advisory capacity , and commits the United States to involvement in one of Africa ’s bloodiest and most complex conflicts .
Some debate is probably warranted .
LIONEL HEALING / AFP / Getty Images
A ROTC for Spies
To cultivate a new generation of spies for a new generation of global threats , the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies have proposed the creation of a program to find and train potential agents from diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds .
Modeled on the military ’s Reserve Officers ’ Training Corps ( ROTC ) at U.S. colleges and universities , the program would seek out “ first - and second - generation Americans , who already have critical language and cultural knowledge , and prepare them for careers in the intelligence agencies , ” according to a description sent to Congress by National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair .
But unlike ROTC , an official familiar with the proposal told the Washington Post ‘s Walter Pincus , students ’ participation in the program would be kept secret to prevent them from being identified by foreign intelligence services .
Universities would apply for grants to create courses and programs to meet the needs of the intelligence community .
The U.S. intelligence community already funds national security studies programs at more than 14 U.S. colleges and universities .
This new program would likely be a far more ambitious effort , building on a 2004 pilot project that provided financial assistance to students who studied cryptology .
Still , five years after the 9/11 Commission recommended that the CIA recruit more bilingual operatives , just 13 percent of agency employees speak a second language .
CIA Director Leon Panetta has said he would like to eventually have every intelligence analyst be able to do so .
The new college program is just one part of the formerly WASP - dominated agency ’s efforts to diversify its workforce .
The CIA has also been actively recruiting in Arab - American communities and now offers hiring bonuses of up to $ 35,000 for recruits who speak “ mission - critical ” languages such as Arabic , Farsi , and Chinese .
SAUL LOEB / AFP / Getty Images
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . —
When will China finally realize that it cannot accumulate dollars forever ?
It already has more than $ 2 trillion .
Do the Chinese really want to be sitting on $ 4 trillion in another five to 10 years ?
With the U.S. government staring at the long - term costs of the financial bailout , as well as inexorably rising entitlement costs , should n't the Chinese worry about a repeat of Europe 's experience from the 1970s ?
During the 1950s and 1960s , Europeans amassed a huge stash of U.S. Treasury bills in an effort to maintain fixed exchange - rate pegs , much as China has done today .
Unfortunately , the purchasing power of Europe 's dollars shriveled during the 1970s , when the costs of waging the Vietnam War and a surge in oil prices ultimately contributed to a calamitous rise in inflation .
Perhaps the Chinese should not worry .
After all , the world leaders who just gathered at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh said that they would take every measure to prevent such a thing from happening again .
A key pillar of their prevention strategy is to scale back " global imbalances , " a euphemism for the huge U.S. trade deficit and the corresponding trade surpluses elsewhere , not least China .
The fact that world leaders recognize that global imbalances are a huge problem is welcome news .
Many economists , including myself , believe that America 's thirst for foreign capital to finance its consumption binge played a critical role in the build - up of the crisis .
Cheap money from abroad juiced an already fragile financial regulatory and supervisory structure that needed discipline more than cash .
Unfortunately , we have heard leaders — especially from the U.S. — claim before that they recognized the problem .
In the runup to the financial crisis , the U.S. external deficit was soaking up almost 70 percent of the excess funds saved by China , Japan , Germany , Russia , Saudi Arabia and all the countries with current - account surpluses combined .
But , rather than taking significant action , the U.S. continued to grease the wheels of its financial sector .
Europeans , who were called on to improve productivity and raise domestic demand , reformed their economies at a glacial pace , while China maintained its export - led growth strategy .
It took the financial crisis to put the brakes on U.S. borrowing train —
America 's current - account deficit has now shrunk to just 3 percent of its annual income , compared to nearly 7 percent a few years ago .
But will Americans ' newfound moderation last ?
With the U.S. government currently tapping financial markets for a whopping 12 percent of national income ( roughly $ 1.5 trillion ) , foreign borrowing would be off the scale but for a sudden surge in U.S. consumer and corporate savings .
For the time being , America 's private sector is running a surplus that is sufficient to fund roughly 75 percent of the government 's voracious appetite .
But how long will U.S. private - sector thrift last ?
As the economy normalizes , consumption and investment will resume .
When they do — and assuming that the government does not suddenly tighten its belt ( it has no credible plan to do so ) — there is every likelihood that America 's appetite for foreign cash will surge again .
Of course , the U.S. government claims to want to rein in borrowing .
But , assuming the economy must claw its way out of recession for at least another year or two , it is difficult to see how the government can fulfill its Pittsburgh pledge .
Yes , the Federal Reserve could tighten monetary policy .
But they will not worry too much about the next financial crisis when the aftermath of the current one still lingers .
In our new book " This Time is Different : Eight Centuries of Financial Folly , " Carmen Reinhart and I find that if financial crises hold one lesson , it is that their aftereffects have a very long tail .
Any real change in the near term must come from China , which increasingly has the most to lose from a dollar debacle .
So far , China has looked to external markets so that exporters can achieve the economies of scale needed to improve quality and move up the value chain .
But there is no reason in principle that Chinese planners cannot follow the same model in reorienting the economy to a more domestic - demand - led growth strategy .
Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off .
But , with consumption accounting for 35 percent of national income ( compared to 70 percent in the U.S. ! ) , there is vast room to grow .
Chinese leaders clearly realize that their hoard of T - Bills is a problem .
Otherwise , they would not be calling so publicly for the International Monetary Fund to advance an alternative to the dollar as a global currency .
They are right to worry .
A dollar crisis is not around the corner , but it is certainly a huge risk over the next five to 10 years .
China does not want to be left holding a $ 4 trillion bag when it happens .
Well , I 've played twenty - five hours of Final Fantasy XIII in the past few days , and the one thing I can say with confidence is that I sure have played twenty - five hours of Final Fantasy XIII in a few days .
Advertisement
I suppose I 'm not " qualified " to write a " review " because I have n't finished the game , and that something enormous enough to change my opinion of the game completely might spring up in the final three seconds of the end credits .
I 'm neither a pessimist , an optimist , nor a realist when I say that I 'm guessing this is n't going to happen .
I 'm just being me .
For god 's sake , if the first twenty - five hours of your entertainment experience are not at least 90 % indicative of its overall value , then you 're doing at least one thing terribly wrong .
To summarize the experience of Final Fantasy XIII , I would like to use
a personal anecdote
Once I 'm done with this , we can go right into the talking - about - a- videogame part :
When I was fifteen , I played Final Fantasy VI .
It was one of the better things I had , by that point in my life , ever experienced .
Let me tell you how I got the game : I rented it , once , from a video store that had only one copy of it .
I played it for an hour and fell into a mesmerized type of love .
Then I fell ill with a terrible ear infection .
My fever climbed to around 104 degrees Fahrenheit .
Little did I know , I would be suffering these frequent ear infections for the rest of my life .
I have Weird Ears .
I have the same condition that made Beethoven deaf .
They just did n't know , back in his day , how to stick a hypodermic needle through the eardrum to suck the blood out .
Poor guy — he missed a chance to hear Beethoven 's 9th before he died .
Advertisement
Well , with that ear infection all up in my stuff , I could n't play the game .
This was the precise shape of my torture : I lay there in bed , feeling underwater , and feverish , with severe head pain , thinking about Final Fantasy III ( that 's what we called it back then ) , in thatplastic case from our generic video store ( this was before they built a Blockbuster right next door ) lying on the floor , untouched .
What terrible guilt it is , to rent a game and then not be able to play it !
It 's maybe worse than going to see a movie you really want to see and having to get up to do a deuce right as it's getting to the good part .
The guilt , back then , tore me up about as badly as the ear infection tore me up .
The next week , I tried to rent it again .
It did n't work .
Someone else had the game .
Damn it !
The next week , the same thing .
They said it was due back on Saturday , if I 'd be willing to pick it up on Saturday .
They said they 'd call when it was in .
They did n't call .
I went in anyway .
It turned out the previous renter was keeping it a couple more days .
Those couple days would turn out to be a couple of , like , groups of seven days .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Eventually , a minor department store chain called Kohl 's hilariously featured Final Fantasy III in their Sunday flier despite their actually not selling games at any of the locations in my town .
They said it was $ 52.96 .
What a weird price !
At Electronics Boutique ( that 's what we called " EB " back then ) , it was $ 79.99 , though they also promised to do the price - match thing .
I had $ 48 saved up .
I took in a bunch of old NES games — Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
The Arcade Game was one of them — and prayed that they would amount to at least six dollars .
They did .
I took Final Fantasy III home that Sunday evening .
Of course , I went to bed early , so I could go to school the next day .
Advertisement
In last period of the next school day , the fire alarm rang .
Our high school was the biggest in the state , which meant a lot of kids , which meant a lot of potential for pranks .
The fire alarm got pulled all the time .
This was before they put up surveillance cameras in the halls near every fire alarm .
Here 's why they put up security cameras :
That day , just as everyone was starting to think this was just another prank , just as they were getting ready to go back inside , the brand - new six - million - dollar basketball gymnasium exploded .
We did n't have school for a week .
When we got back to school , everything would suck .
Metal detectors at the entrances , friskings at lunch ; you 'd get expelled if you were late to a class , et cetera .
However , for that one week in November , by god , I had Final Fantasy VI , and there was nothing like it in the world .
Advertisement
Fifteen years later , I am a Real Adult who fears not expulsion and actually enjoys being frisked ; I buy Final Fantasy XIII in the freezing cold at a 7 - eleven in Tokyo , and play it for five hours , sleep - deprived , before getting on a train to the airport .
For the first time since , well , Final Fantasy IX , I 'm spending a Christmas with my family , in Indiana , in the United States of America .
Final Fantasy XIII is not the thing I am most looking forward to — I am looking forward to food , to pizza and Chipotle .
Advertisement
Somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , the anti-humidity in the plane cabin dries out my top lip .
As my face contorts with the agony - like joy of three days ' worth of well - earned sleep , my lip breaks in three places .
I wake up , two hours from landing , with blood between my front teeth .
Thanks to the coughs and chokes of infants and children around me , my top lip is already miraculously infected .
Twenty - four hours later I 'd be eating Chicago - style pizza with green Tabasco all over it , and I tell you I have never felt so much pain related to pizza .
That does n't mean it 's not still delicious .
That is what Final Fantasy XIII is like .
We Are Actually Talking About The Game Now
Okay , wait , let me say a few things about myself again before we really start talking about this game :
I have n't spent time in the " real " part of America ( just California ) in the last six years , so I 've forgotten a lot of little things .
For example , by looking at the medicine on friends ' shelves here in the Midwest , I realize that , in Tokyo , over the past few years , I have not experienced :
1. Headache
2. Diarrhea
3. Gingivitis
4. Dandruff
It must have something to do with the diet , and the unavoidable daily exercise ( walking ) .
Advertisement
However , in America for five days , I find myself suffering both headaches and gingivitis .
I wonder if dandruff and diarrhea are n't far behind .
So , I am playing Final Fantasy XIII with a weird , meningitis - like spotty localized headache and an effervescent - like fever .
I am convinced that this is , probably , the only way to play the game — that the game itself might be responsible for this weird feeling .
Advertisement
My friends Doug and Julie Jones and I played the game for eight straight hours at their house , from the very beginning , past the point I 'd played in my living room in Tokyo , right up until the point where the story gets actually interesting .
Then , with a fever — a provable , valid excuse to avoid my family for a few days — I stabbed the knife of my life into the meat of Final Fantasy XIII .
Short impressions :
The game is entertaining .
Long impressions :
The first thing I noticed , when playing the game on an American PlayStation 3 , is that not only is it not region - locked — it is kind (? ) enough to switch around the confirm / cancel buttons .
I 'm sure that 's old news .
Well , I never had any context to notice it before , so there you go .
Advertisement
Annnnnnyway , where the hell do I start with this game ?
I guess there 's the issue of it being a straight line .
Final Fantasy XIII as : A Geometry Lesson
This one 's easy : in Final Fantasy XIII , you 're constantly moving forward .
It 's a moving - forward simulation .
You know that map that emerged on the internet ( here is where I type something in parentheses asking Stephen Totilo politely to find that map and insert it above or below this paragraph , whichever looks best .
[ Note from Stephen : Done , Tim , done ! ] ) that demonstrates how straightforward the game is ?
The guy who made that map warns that it 's only the first " five or six hours " of the game .
Do not take this to mean that the game then becomes a Ponderosa Grand Buffet of nonlinearity immediately after the end of this map .
No , loyal internetizens , the reason this Japanese dude only upped a map of the first five or six hours of the game is because he was likely playing it at breakneck pace and wanted to upload a map while the linearity of the experience was still newsworthy .
He would have posted a map of the whole game if he could , and the lols would have been deafeninger , however , to do so would have been to risk a massive scoop by someone else .
So he went with the first " five or six " hours .
Advertisement
Advertisement
" Five or six " is a weird number , by the way , because I got as far as that guy did in about three hours and forty - eight minutes .
I know because I have literally 26 save files , because I kept forgetting that the game prompts you to make a new save file by default rather than to overwrite your old one .
Maybe this is Square - Enix assuming that we might want to watch every cut - scene multiple times .
Anyway , one way to sum up Final Fantasy XIII is that it is a Horse - With - Blinders - On Simulation .
It 's about progress , and moving forward .
It 's not without a little bit of kleptomania , however , as sometimes there are little offshoots from the main path .
Usually , you can see these offshoots coming a half a mile away , and , thanks to the mini-map 's super - GPS level of readability , you can also see that the offshoots do , in fact , end after a distance of about ten game - world feet .
This is crucial : the game 's mini-map shows you the overwhelming straightness of the path , indicates the direction of your goal with a large yellow arrow , and then illustrates very clearly to you that every little offshoot is just that — an offshoot , an option .
Each offshoot path is clearly a tiny fraction of the width of the main path .
Advertisement
At the end of each offshoot , you will find
1 . A treasure
2 . A monster
3. Both
You will never find
1. Neither a treasure nor a monster
2 . Anything that you could n't possibly do without
Advertisement
This is very important to understand .
The more important thing to understand is that , the very first time you access a save point ( contextualized in - game as a kind of nifty holographic computer terminal thing ) , the three options are " Save " " Shop " and " Quit . " " Quit " does n't mean " quit the game " — it means quit the save point menu .
" Save " means save the game .
" Shop " means — yes , enter the shop .
Advertisement
So , there 's your first clue :
You shop from the save point menus .
Whoa .
Have you solved the mystery yet ?
Here it comes —
I 'll be gentle : No towns .
You gasp !
Sadly , the only towns you see in the first great big chunk of Final Fantasy XIII are destroyed , dilapidated , filled with monsters .
The major story MacGuffin is intimately tied to this floating Utopia called Cocoon , which some religious organization sees fit to regularly purge of shady individuals , so in order for this story to work , basically no towns in the " outside " world is kind of a given .
Of course , the existence of a utopia does n't precisely guarantee that all the world outside said utopia consist of straight lines in which large objects regularly fall , obstructing the path backward .
Though there 's a reason for that , too .
Advertisement
Final Fantasy XIII as : Something New
Square - Enix have no doubt done " The Research , " and the numbers have come up in favor of " Players like seeing new things . "
The choice , then , was to drip - feed the players new things , or to bombard them with new things .
The producers of Final Fantasy XIII bet on bombardment .
Final Fantasy XIII is an impish ghoul standing atop a cliff , rolling boulders of fun down on the heads of unsuspecting players .
Once I , personally , learned to stop worrying and love my own willingness to forgive Final Fantasy XIII for not having any towns , I came to applaud the ballsiness of it all .
They are taking a genuine risk with this game .
Does it pay off ?
Well , yes — after about eight hours .
We 're going to get to that in a minute .
Advertisement
Let 's be as positive as possible for a minute :
No towns means that the story does n't ever stop and stick .
It means no wandering around a town , talking to every NPC until the least likely one gives you the perfect piece of information you need to proceed .
No towns means that no caves to the north of town that are locked and inaccessible until you talk to that least likely NPC who tells you that there 's a cave to the north full of monsters .
With no towns , all actions in the game are seamlessly linked to the story .
We are moving forward .
Why are we moving forward ?
Because the enemy is behind us .
Why are they behind us ?
Because they do n't like us .
Or : Because we miraculously managed to escape in the first place .
Why the need to escape ; how did it all get started ?
The chase is so exciting , after a point , that we do n't bother answering this question .
Square - Enix 's market research must have yielded the result that fans ' favorite parts of RPGs are the fighting , the dungeons , the interactions between the characters , and big - budget cut -scenes .
By cutting out the towns and focusing on dungeons and fights , they give the game a breathless and relentless pace .
They also make the cut - scenes feel more plentiful and closer - between .
In short , funneling the player down one straight path gives the game developers more ( and bigger ) opportunities for entertainment .
Also , there 's the " artificial " " difficulty " issue — have you ever gotten stuck in an RPG because you did n't know where to go or what to do , probably because the game developers did n't signpost it clearly enough ?
Well , that wo n't happen in Final Fantasy XIII .
Advertisement
Now , to be negative :
It feels empty .
Without some concrete clues that there is a world worth saving , this weird , headache - like feeling of nihilism falls down over the experience like a curtain of ash .
You start to feel like the janitor at Disney World — sweeping up empty Coke bottles beneath motionless symbols of dead splendor .
I suppose this is a positive as well — the game exudes atmosphere and hokey tension ; the " world worth saving , " as embodied in a floating utopia seen mostly in beautiful CG cut - scenes , is less a thing we know and more a thing we believe in .
The game suspends your disbelief in a religion - like way .
It 's kind of neat , after a while , and as the characters inevitably whine their little heads off , you think , hey , I 'd be [ I am ] whining , too .
Then there 's the no-freedom - like no backtracking thing :
Is this the game telling you not to look back , encouraging you to enjoy the story as presented , or is it the developers fearing that to let you linger is to potentially kill your interest in the game ?
Advertisement
As you move forward , the game delights in dropping your characters head - first into new challenges .
The challenges usually require you to Kill The Monster or Fight The Boss , though hell if those monsters and bosses are n't all new .
More than merely " new , " most of them are near - indescribably inventive .
I had a friend in elementary school who used to draw swords .
He 'd put all kinds of little ornaments on them .
Like , there 'd be a chain hanging from one side of the hilt , with a little jewel on it .
He 'd never even seen a Yoshitaka Amano drawing — just the box art for Zelda II : The Adventure of Link .
Eventually , he graduated up a notch and started drawing " cars . "
No one could ever tell they were supposed to be cars .
He used to lie about having a dog that was half - wolf .
One day , some other kid said he saw the kid 's dog , and that it might actually be half - wolf .
I 'd like to think that that kid got a job designing characters , monsters , and vehicles in Final Fantasy XIII .
Lord knows what any of these things are , or why they 're designed that way — you 'll know what I mean when you invade and destroy your first flying crucifix - shaped high - speed statuesque bejeweled airship - thing — though hell if they are n't all interesting .
Eventually , the weirdness transcends from puzzling to second - nature to first - nature .
As the film " Avatar " absorbs you into its world by using familiar imagery of trees , beasts , and insects , Final Fantasy XIII sucks you in by surrounding you with unspeakably foreign , weird things of such staggering design consistency that you start to subconsciously believe in it .
Whatever " it " is .
Advertisement
Final Fantasy XIII as : The Feel - Strange Movie of the Year
There are so many characters in Final Fantasy XIII that you will lose track of their names within the first twenty minutes .
People are introduced , speak lines of importance , and die at a fluid pace .
Soon , the game falls victim to " Star Wars Action Figure Syndrome . "
I just made that up :
You know those aliens in the " cantina scene " of the original " Star Wars " film ?
They never tell you those characters ' names , though they sure as hell sold action figures of nearly every one of them , and all those action figures had names .
The action figures , in fact , were the only way to learn the names of those characters .
Final Fantasy XIII does a lot of things like that , all over the place .
Advertisement
The story is confusing .
No , that 's not the nicest way to put it :
It is masterfully confusing .
The plot is a labyrinth that might actually not have a piece of cheese in the middle .
The events of the first two hours exist to confound and confuse you by nonchalantly mentioning and then forgetting the weirdest words dropped into the middles and ends of the plainest sentences .
A man asks a woman , " What are we doing ? "
And she says , " We 're going after a Pulse fal ' Cie . "
The man recoils in horror at this response .
We 're sitting there , holding the controller and a beverage , maybe wearing Dolby Headphones , and we 're like , " . . . Uh ? "
My friend Doug said , " I had to read the Wikipedia entry like three times before I understood what was going on in the trailer . "
I like going into my gaming experiences pure , so I had neither read the Wikipedia entry nor seen any of the story bits of the trailers .
The labyrinth of the plot unfurled before me , and damn near put me the hell off , until the opening scenes crescendoed in a weird clash of near unspeakable portentousness that was , at the very least , slickly presented enough to encourage me to play further .
Not much further , the game jumped back in time to two days earlier , to a neat little flashback in a peaceful village .
The flashback was titled " On The Eleventh Day . "
The first line of the game , spoken by Vanille , in voice - over , had been , " Thirteen days after I awoke , the end of the world was beginning . "
I had thought , at the time , that that was a neat opening line .
Now the game was showing me " the eleventh day . "
This was the first time I got the impression that some carefully crafted plot lay dormant beneath the talky , hyperkinetic surface of this game .
Hours later , they'd have revisited The Eleventh Day four more times , from the perspective of four more characters .
How many more flashbacks are we going to see ?
I wondered .
After its opening scenes , Final Fantasy XIII 's plot primarily deals with the struggle of a group of people branded by some sort of virtual consciousness , tasked with saving the world from a vague apocalypse .
If they succeed , they will turn into crystals , lose their mortal lives , and exist forever .
If they fail , they will turn into demon ghouls which will sadly wander the earth for eternity .
Yes , I realize that 's kind of weird .
The game manages to treat their struggle with tasteful dignity , and the voice - acting assists the visual presentation in communicating to you what the characters are feeling or thinking .
Since the game itself is about forward motion , since the immediate - , short - , and long - term goals are always clear , the writers are able to concentrate firmly on the dialogue .
Advertisement
It 's a shame , then , that some of the characters are annoying .
Hope , the little boy with a voice six years too old for his little huge - headed body , is the be - all end - all of whiners .
Vanille , with her constant pep- talking , is the exact opposite .
Together , they represent the absolute worst character traits of Cloud , Squall , and Tidus , split up into some hopefully ironic anti-comedy duo .
At the very least , the game never asks us to identify with Hope — and maybe he 'll turn into someone cool by the end , who knows ? — which is good , because I do n't want to identify with him .
I am a grown man , for god 's sake , with a job and a home of my own , and a big TV and a PlayStation 3 and a copy of Final Fantasy XIII .
Kids old enough to identify with Hope would n't even be able to afford a PS3 !
Anyway , let 's stop with that .
Advertisement
Then there 's Snow .
First of all , why is his name " Snow " ?
That 's a dumb name .
Hey , what does snow come from ?
What does it fall out of ?
Ohh , right , clouds .
Snow is annoying .
He 's big and dumb and super - positive .
His hat is terrible .
If he'd take the hat off , I bet he'd been kind of a cool - looking dude .
As is , you keep expecting him to say , when the camera slides in his direction : " Hey , have you guys seen my keg ? "
( Things to note : he is dumb enough to misplace a keg of beer .
He is strong enough to carry a keg of beer like a Double Big Gulp and then forget that he 's not carrying it .
He drinks kegs of beer all the time .
He drinks them completely by himself .
He would n't mind just buying another keg to replace the one he misplaced . )
In battle , he attacks with his bare fists .
The game focuses quite heavily , for a while , on his romantic flashbacks with a girl who is literally half his size .
It 's a little queasy .
Eventually , neat things happen to him , and his accidental - tourist personality becomes genuinely endearing .
However , for those first eight hours , he's what the Japanese call a " tsukareru yatsu " — a person who makes you tired [ just looking at him / hearing him talk ] .
He is this big dumb ray of light and he screams happy things in your face and you wish he would go away .
Advertisement
Thankfully , there 's Lightning .
She is the best parts of Cloud , the best parts of Squall , the best parts of Auron , the best parts of Terra , and none of the bad parts of any of those characters .
She 's tough and she 's hot .
She is liquid - hotrogen .
She is n't annoying or brooding at all !
And she just keeps punching Snow in the face every time he says something dumb .
You go girl !
She is sympathetic to Hope , which is interesting , because you 'd think she 'd consider him as unbearable a little twerp as we do .
That she has a little sister — the aforementioned tiny girl who has a romantic relationship with Snow — who she cares for quite deeply is even more interesting .
She 's not the cold jerk she could have been .
The fans would n't have cared if she was a jerk , too .
They like jerks .
What Lightning represents is actual effort .
Also , what were those things that lightning comes out of again ?
Oh , right — clouds .
Advertisement
My absolute favorite character , however , is Sazh .
Yes , I know .
Everyone thought he was going to be a jerk .
In the previews , he just yells and screams constantly , like he 's incapable of speaking a single sentence in a normal voice .
For the first hour of the game , we witness Lighting do Something Fantastic , like jump off the top of a building and hit the ground running , and Sazh just looks down and yells something like " Hey , wait for meeee ! " and then starts climbing down excruciatingly slowly .
This is the game establishing that Sazh is Not As Cool as Lightning .
Well , you get to a certain point , and Sazh is revealed shockingly to just be a Normal Guy .
He is our player surrogate .
We identify with him more than everyone else , because he's not a psycho - freak super - soldier or helicopter - surfing revolutionary leader , and also because , like us , he has a baby bird living in his hair .
And once his little side - plot comes into view , it 's interesting and tender and genuinely human .
Vanille — the huge - headed , T - rex - armed little girl — is kind of a tough nut to crack .
She 's narrating the game , on the one hand , so maybe she 's important ?
Maybe she 's the Vaan character .
Maybe she 's bigger than that ?
Maybe she has a secret .
Then there 's Cid — he 's pleasantly , toughly hammy .
Then there 's Oerba .
I do n't even know how to pronounce that name .
God , she 's so hot .
I want her to beat me with her belt — or , better yet , my belt .
My belt is really heavy .
It 's probably heavier than hers .
Advertisement
What do all of these people add up to ?
Well , I have n't seen the full curve of the plot , yet , though I 've seen enough bits and pieces of a carefully structured under - story to know that , at the very least , all of them serve some greater purpose .
I am confident in declaring that the plot officially impresses me — it 's ballsy that Square - Enix decided to go with a byzantine , confusing atmosphere - heavy plot that produces so little fruit in its first two hours .
Looking at the breadth of the game , at how straightforward it is in its pacing , you 'd presume that they were trying to make some kind of Japanese equivalent of Call of Duty or Half - Life — we at least know for sure that Square - Enix has their eye on Modern Warfare ( they published it in Japan , after all ) — though it seems like , in the end , the linearity of the experience serves to efficiently deliver the tangled plot ( and not the other way around ) , because delivering it at a more deliberate pace would probably be even more confusing .
So , in short , rest assured that Final Fantasy XIII does not , at least in its first half , fall victim to Kingdom Hearts 's syndrome of tossing you back and forth between disparate worlds and plot threads .
Though we frequently switch focuses , episodes , and main characters in Final Fantasy XIII , it all seems to be distinctly adding up to One Big Thing .
The biggest , most negative thing I can say , however , is that it takes to long to drop the first plot bombshells .
Every hour or so , something pops up that makes you think , " Oh , that 's it ?
That 's what this game is about ? "
And then you plod forward half - disappointed , half - hoping that there 's something bigger .
Then it gives you something incrementally bigger .
Then you plod forward again .
Advertisement
It 's like this :
Cut scene —>
Would you like to save ? —> Cut-scene —>
Walk forward five minutes , fight some monsters —>
Save point —>
Cut scene —>
Boss —> Cut-scene —>
Would you like to save ?
Advertisement
That goes on for maybe the first twelve hours .
If you like Metal Gear Solid , you wo n't complain .
If you like Final Fantasy VI or VII , it 's going to feel like a toothache .
In screenwriting , there is a damn - near ironclad rule : the first Hugely Interesting Thing happens at the twenty - two - minute mark .
Why do n't we have anything like that in games ?
Let 's try to make one , right here :
The Two - Hour Rule Of Role Playing Game Scenario - Planning :
The first Hugely Interesting
Thing should happen in the first two hours .
With an FPS , make it " the first ten minutes . "
" Fun , " however , should come in the first five seconds .
Final Fantasy XIII as : The Action Extravaganza of the Decade
Final Fantasy XIII 's battle system is fantastic .
It 's the old - school ATB " Active Time Battle " system , with Final Fantasy X's strategy , Final Fantasy V's Job System , and Final Fantasy XII 's Gambit System grafted on top of it .
The best part is , Jobs and Gambits are fused into one thing , which can be activated / changed at any time during a battle with the press of one button .
Neat !
Advertisement
It 's called the " Optima Change " system , which sounds cool .
I hear they 're calling it the " Paradigm Shift " system in the English version , which sounds maybe even cooler .
Either way , it 's the same thing .
Advertisement
An " Optima " or " Paradigm " is an array of " roles . " A " role " is kind of like a classic Final Fantasy " job , " except instead of saying simply what a character can do , it says what they 're likely to do .
A " Healer " has healing magic , and is also likely to use it to heal .
Healing will take priority over anything else .
A " Jammer " has various status - destroy magic spells , and is likely to cast them .
An " Enhancer " holds the keys to buffing spells , and will use them ad nauseum .
An " Attacker " will attack constantly and ferociously .
A " Blaster " will cast attack magic spells .
These are just a few of the roles .
Between battles , you go into your little menu thing , and you configure your Optimas .
You choose which character is which role for which Optima .
A single Optima consists , then , merely of role assignments for each of three characters .
You can store six Optimas at a time , so choose wisely .
Advertisement
There are no " Magic points " in this game .
You can use magic all that you want .
It 's just as well — in Final Fantasy XII , your magic automatically recovered , after all .
The thing is , battles very seldom stand on the edge of a knife , eager to fall one way or another .
So having infinite magic points does not make the game easier .
What you have is three ATB bars that all charge at once .
You only control one character .
You choose what three actions you want the character to take .
Some actions cost more than one ATB bar , like Lightning 's Area Flash slash move .
Area
Flash only hits an enemy once , though if several enemies are clustered together , it can hit all of them — the same for Snow 's hand grenade attack .
Protect spells take one ATB .
Let 's say I have an Optima where two characters are attackers and one is a blaster .
Then I have another Optima where two characters are Blasters and one is a Healer .
Then I have one where one character is a Jammer , one an Enhancer , and one an Attacker .
Let 's say I use that third Optima as my default :
When a battle starts , my Enhancer is immediately using magic to buff up my dudes ' defense .
Next round , he casts shell on everyone , boosting magic defense .
Your Jammer , meanwhile , is casting de-protect and de-shell — which , in addition to nullifying shell and protect spells , also increase default defense or magic defense .
This is a first for Final Fantasy ( though a standard for Dragon Quest or Persona , et al ) .
Longer battles become mostly defense - focused : Lowering your enemies ' defense while you boost your own , putting all your faith into single impactful attacks .
Your attacker keeps wailing on the enemies while the Jammer and Enhancer do their work .
Maybe your guys start taking some damage .
Advertisement
This is where you press the L1 button to bring up the Optima menu .
Now you choose your Healer , Attacker , Blaster array .
Now one of your dudes is healing while the other two attack physically or with magic .
Maybe the enemies start to buff up , necessitating a switch back to the Enhancer and Jammer array .
Or maybe you decide to force your way through by changing the paradigm to Blaster , Attacker , Blaster , and see if you can just put them enemies away ASAP .
When you win the battle — if you win the battle — you get a star ranking telling you how well you did , and some points to spend on ( joylessly ) purchasing new abilities or upgrades for each individual role .
Advertisement
The star ratings mean close to nothing for the first eight hours or so of game .
All you 're doing in the beginning is choosing " Go ! " , pressing the Yay Button , and then watching breathlessly as your characters score massive damage .
The major battle system concepts trickle down the pipe , and after two hours , you have your first Optima change option .
After four hours , the game has introduced the support classes ; around eight hours , the game plops down a boss that requires you to actually think .
Is this too slow ?
I , for one , think so .
Again , I just have to mention the twenty - two - minute rule of screenplay writing :
The art of crafting , choosing , and changing Optimas is so interesting in the context of a battle that it really should be something the game wears on its sleeve .
It should be forcing you to dip your toe into its ocean not ten minutes after the very first fight .
Maybe they could make it , like , Sazh has a healer role , or something .
Nope :
In the beginning , it 's just all potions , all the time .
You can use potions ( or other items ) whenever you want ( no ATB charge needed ) .
They take effect immediately , and they heal everyone .
The game 's reluctance to roll out the battle system quickly might be an inferiority complex : the game is suspicious that you might not like it .
Also , the first item you receive for use in the field is " Sneak Smoke , " enabling you to avoid detection by enemies ; this is more or less a sign that the developers know very well that RPG players sometimes do n't like fighting battles at all .
Advertisement
The last word on the battles :
Most of the time , they 're really short .
Like , ten seconds .
Then there are bosses , which can be very long .
Final Fantasy XIII as : The Sequel to Final Fantasy XII
The biggest criticism of the game among those who have just started playing it is that you " only control one character . "
This is an unfortunate criticism , mostly because it 's true .
However , it 's about as valid as the first major criticism of Final Fantasy XII : that there are too many enemies to fight , and choosing " fight " for all of them just takes too much time .
This is because the game wanted you to use the Gambit system to program your allies '
AI .
Advertisement
Years after Final Fantasy XII , the Japanese gamers still regard it unfairly as an atrocity , in that it made people motion - sick , that the characters were ineffectual , and that the battles were tiresome and confusing at worst and boring , tangentially interactive experiences at best .
Final Fantasy XIII features a much slower field - map camera , which moves at a much more human - head - like speed .
The characters are all bottom - up - constructed cosplayers ' dreams come true who are carefully and minutely constructed such that each character will be someone 's favorite character .
And the battles try admirably hard to be like classic Final Fantasy while also not completely ignoring the objective triumph of Final Fantasy XII 's amazing , breezy , sticky , frictive conflicts .
The Optima Change System makes you feel far more connected to and alive with the characters than the Gambit System did , probably because it requires you to press buttons every once in a while .
The Gambit System , love it as I do , turns Final Fantasy XII into a kind of virtual pet :
Wind it up and watch it go .
Final Fantasy XIII gives you a button to press to change tactics , and then carefully constructs all manner of battles that exploit every nook and cranny of the mechanics .
It 's hard to explain exactly how a boss battle flows in Final Fantasy XIII .
Suffice it to say that , after a point , the system clicks and you are In The Zone .
You are Dodging Asteroids and Shooting Aliens at the same time .
You are scoring four stars out of five at the end of a battle , sighing , and saying , " Yeah , I guess I deserved that . "
How do you know you deserved it ?
What has the game done to you ?
Who knows .
It 's got you , though .
Advertisement
Final Fantasy XIII as : A Bad Habit
I might have given up on Final Fantasy XIII , the way a friend of mine has given up on smoking .
He 's always saying , " I have n't smoked a cigarette in two weeks . "
It 's like , he knows he 's never going to give it up ; he just happens to , sometimes , give it up subconsciously .
What I 'm saying is , I 've had the game for one day shy of a week now , and I have n't completed it .
I am halfway around the world from my home , and I have family members I have n't seen in over half a decade , though I also have this weird pseudo - illness with which to excuse myself from the world for a while , and I still can't bring myself to plow through the game .
All this says is that the game is n't as immensely devourable for a thirty - year - old as Final Fantasy VI was for a fifteen - year - old .
Maybe that means something , and maybe it does n't .
Who am I to decide ?
Advertisement
This year , I got into a half - argument with a Japanese friend about the Hayao Miyazaki film " Ponyo . "
I said , I thought it was Miyazaki 's best , most fully realized film .
The friend said that I was wrong , that " Totoro " was easily the best Miyazaki film .
I said I thought " Ponyo " was basically the same movie , only told in a more chaotically accessible form .
It 's more alive and motion - ful .
The friend said , " You do n't understand , because you did n't see ' Totoro ' as a child . "
My reply to this was , " First of all , I did see ' Totoro ' as a child .
Second of all , you do n't understand , because you did n't see ' Ponyo ' as a child . "
The friend then accused me of using some evil logical fallacy , which nullified my entire argument .
It was apparent that he learned that word while serving on his high school debate team , which in Japan , I think , means they stand on opposite ends of the room staring at the floor asking their rival in whispering tones to " please stop arguing please . "
I think I won the argument pretty well .
I also think I have matured less than one tenth of one iota since my days in high school .
Well , maybe I 've matured a tiny bit : these days , when I think of that week I spent locked in my bedroom ( the very bedroom I 'm using to write this article , in fact ) plowing through Final Fantasy VI , all I can do is feel pangs of regret that I did n't force myself to do pushups during the non-interactive parts of every battle , after all the commands are plugged in and the battle turns are playing out .
I could have made a game out of it — do a pushup , then grab the controller and input a command when the next character 's ATB bar fills up .
I 'd be ripped as hell by now .
Advertisement
Maybe , though , that sitting and wallowing in the glow of the TV during those battles was half the fun of Final Fantasy VI .
Maybe that 's why I can't get so into Final Fantasy XIII — because the game just does n't let you put the damn controller down , even for a microsecond .
Then you 've got the game world itself , a perfect straight track that offers you glimpses of the unspeakable expanse of the universe .
It 's like , you know why Americans like the Indy 500 ?
You know why they like Nascar ?
Because they just want to see cars go fast .
They do n't like that shit they do in Europe , where the cars slow down to take corners .
That 's for the weak !
If they could get their hands on enough land , they 'd make a formula - 1 track right here in Indianapolis , one that was 50 miles long and a perfect circle , just one never - ending curve so gentle that drivers could accelerate all the way through .
Then they 'd put maybe 500 cars on that track and the people would just sit there and go fucking insane watching these cars just endlessly stream by at dog - on - fire speeds , eventually screaming to let me off this crazy thing .
That 's what Final Fantasy XIII feels like , if you try to play it all day , and it kind of makes you nauseous .
You do n't feel like you own any of these characters or situations or what have you .
The " Crystarium " ( Sphere Board / License Board / Materia rolled into one ) is so drab and linear : you just choose the next ability in line until your points are gone .
A couple battles later , you open the menu again , spend all your points , close it , and go back to The Road .
Your characters have two pieces of equipment : weapon and accessory .
They have attack and magic attack in their status menu , and that 's it .
As a thirty - year - old man-child with spectacular hair , I must say that Final Fantasy XIII does not impress me as much as Final Fantasy VI did precisely half my life ago , and whether that has anything to do with any universal truth or the fact that I 've just played so many games since then is neither here nor there .
Right now , today , it 's not the greatest game I 've ever played .
It 's nice , wonderfully crafted , and certainly a lot more fun than most of the games I 've played this year .
It is not , however , magical .
Maybe that 'll change in the last half of the game , though even if that is the case , boo to Square - Enix for not trying to push me into love with the experience a lot sooner .
Advertisement
Final Fantasy XIII as : A Sign of the Times
In the end , I 'm going to say something edgy , something off - the - cuff : I talk in this article about how excellent the battle system is in Final Fantasy XIII , though why does it have to be a " battle system " ?
Why can't it just be a game wherein amazing things happen ?
In Gamestop for the first time in five years yesterday , I caught a glimpse of an in - store display for The Legend of Zelda : Spirit Tracks .
One of the bullet points by the game description was : " Complete missions ! " Seriously .
Who goes into a videogame because they want to " Complete missions " ?
That 's like an ice cream shop advertising to prospective customers by saying " Our ice cream cones will make the palms of your hands kind of cold ! "
Talk about the precise shape of the deliciousness , man !
Anyway , we go into videogames because we want to " do cool stuff " or " see cool stuff " , right ?
And while Final Fantasy XIII shows you plenty of cool stuff , it does n't really let you do a lot of it .
There 's the should - be - infamous scene early on where two characters spy a parked sky - motorcycle in a cut -scene .
Then the player is given control .
You approach the motorcycles .
A cut - scene starts .
Your dudes get on and then fly away .
They look like they 're having a lot of fun !
Too bad we can't have that fun !
Advertisement
Grand Theft Auto lets you have that fun .
Jak 2 let you have that fun .
Why does Final Fantasy XIII only let you direct the fun ?
In battle , it 's like , you choose to change your Optima so that your dudes can shoot fireballs out of their fingertips .
We do n't feel what it 's like to shoot fireballs with our fingertips :
We just feel what it 's like to tell someone to shoot fireballs out of their fingertips .
When a player sees something happening in your videogame and says " Man , that would be kind of cool to do in a videogame " , the ghost is basically given up .
What I 'm saying is , I 'm pretty sure " battle systems " are vestiges of a time gone by .
I 'm pretty sure they were only ever a placeholder for some Massive Fun To Come .
Like , the old Dragon Quest games made you walk around an overworld .
The town icons were as big as your dude .
The forests were green panels .
They were translucent if you walked through them .
Then there was Dragon Quest VIII , on the PlayStation 2 .
The forests had real trees you could walk under .
It still had a battle system .
Dragon Quest IX was supposed to be an action game .
A group of maybe two hundred vocal fans did n't like it .
The people making the game backed down , made it a battle - system - game again .
I 'm pretty sure Square - Enix could have made an action game as exciting and accessible as Monster Hunterusing the Dragon Quest franchise .
Advertisement
They could do it with Final Fantasy , too .
Final Fantasy XII was a remarkable step in that direction .
Imagine , the depth of the Gambit System for two of the characters , and then intensely frictive action gameplay for the one character directly under your control .
Then , maybe you press one button to shift the Paradigm ( gambit configurations ) of the other two characters .
Would n't that be hot as hell ?
As it is , Final Fantasy XIII shows your dudes doing cool stuff — summoning twin ice princesses who then fuse into one giant motorcycle , then jumping onto that motorcycle and driving it over the enemies ' frightened bodies — though there 's such a weird disconnect between the stuff you feel in control of ( walking down The Road ) and the stuff that you only suggest ( aforementioned vehicle - summoning ) .
The " other stuff " always looks like " the fun stuff " .
There 's so much grass , and it's so green , on the other side of the fence , and on our side of the fence , it 's cracked concrete .
Translation :
In cut - scenes , it 's all beautiful , expensive CG of gorgeous people doing impossible / awesome things , and in the actual game , it 's accessing a spreadsheet , clicking on " go " , and watching some guys jump toward a monster , numbers flying everywhere , and then jumping back .
Square - Enix might say that battle systems , that menus , are the most easily accessible means to deliver this kind of big - scale story to the public .
I say , the emotional investment required to learn the ins and outs and nuances of the Optima Change System are no less than the emotional investment of every one of the millions of ten - year - olds who play Halo for the first time .
Here 's where we could play devil 's advocate to ourselves , and start talking about the atrocities committed by Square 's Western - style shooting experiment Dirge of Cerberus , though it'd be hard to do that without getting mean .
Advertisement
I suppose it'd be best to stop right there .
No , let 's do this , first :
Love :
The Music : Masashi Hamauzu 's score is constantly effervescent and inventive .
It 's always doing something new .
The battle themes are some of the best videogame music since Chrono Cross .
People might not like XIII 's music as much as the music in some of the other Final Fantasy games because it 's clearly not bombastic or pop -song - like enough .
Bombastic , pop - song - like music is great , though so is deep , complex , well - produced , musician - like stuff like this .
Hamauzu is a talented musician , not just a " videogame music composer , " and the quality of the tracks is staggering when you also consider their volume .
Advertisement
The Graphics :
My god , I want to eat everyone 's hair .
The Math : Some boss battles will make you feel like a genius .
The Structure of the Story : Every once in a while , the game 's not about " I wonder what 's going to happen ? " — it 's about " I wonder what already happened before the beginning of the plot to explain why I should care about that thing that just happened ? "
I am putting this under " love " ( note present tense ) because , if nothing else , it 's a lot better than " I hate these people , I hope they all die , and I do n't even care if they do n't . "
Advertisement
Hate :
Whiners : I want to punch that little kid in the face .
I go into every cut - scene hoping someone decks him , lays him out , lambastes him .
Advertisement
Vanille 's arms :
Why the hell are they so short ?
They 're not even long enough to untie her pigtails .
I pray they do n't " explain " the length of her arms in a poignant cut scene at some point .
Having a Fever :
Why are the words " Optima Change " literally visible on the screen at all times during the battles ?
I know I can press the L1 button to open my Optima Change menu !
Stop crowding my Cinematic Action Movie Like Videogame Battle Experience with your Stupid Buzzwords ! . . . . . . and several ( infinite ) other hot - headed complaints accessible only to people who are playing a game with lots of small text and flipping , flying numerals through throbbing skull pain .
Advertisement
tim rogers is the editor - in - chief of Action Button Dot Net , and will be posting a review of Final Fantasy XIII there shortly .
you can also see action button 's YouTube channel right here .
If you 're in Toledo , Ohio on the night of December 29th , come see my band at Frankie's !
An American member of Al - Qaeda on Saturday issued a video denying the organisation was behind a recent deadly string of attacks in Pakistan that have killed hundreds of civilians .
Adam Gadahn said in a video entitled “ The Mujahideen Do n’t Target Muslims ” that the organisation was being framed by the United States and Pakistan and blamed the media for helping implicate Al - Qaeda in the attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The mujahideen have condemned , and continue to condemn , all attacks which indiscriminately kill and wound innocent Muslims , ” he said according to a transcript from US - based monitor IntelCenter .
Pakistan has been hit by a wave of deadly attacks blamed on Islamist extremists as the military presses a major offensive against Taliban fighters in their strongholds on the Afghan border .
October and early November saw a fierce surge in strikes , including a huge suicide car bombing on October 28 in a Peshawar market that killed 125 people in the worst attack in Pakistan in two years .
This week 49 people were killed when two bombs devastated a market in Lahore , engulfing shops in flames and burying people under the rubble .
In the video , Gadahn refers to “ un-Islamic bombings which target Muslims in their markets , mosques , schools , shops and streets ” .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The mujahideen declare themselves innocent of these attacks , and pronounce them part of a cynical , calculated and clandestine international campaign by the secular political forces , ” said Gadahn .
Born in 1978 , Gadahn is a native of southern California and has appeared in several videotapes for Al - Qaeda since 2004 .
A fierce Islamist insurgency has killed more than 2,670 people in attacks in Pakistan mostly blamed on the Taliban in the last two - and - a - half years .
Bringing you closer to the animated truth .
Reddit Email 2 Shares
Switzerland on Sunday voted by 58 percent in favor of banning minarets .
This campaign poster was banned for being racist , but apparently the goal of the poster , now that is all right .
Swissinfo surveys the headlines in Switzerland Monday morning and finds that the press there universally condemned and expressed dismay at Sunday ’s vote .
Editors expressed consternation at the inevitable tarnishing of Switzerland ’s image and worried about the consequences .
Will there be boycotts ?
Sanctions ?
Appeals to the European Court of Human Rights ?
I can anticipate right now arguments to excuse this outbreak of bigotry in the Alps that will be advanced by our own fringe Right , of Neoconservatives and those who think , without daring saying it , that “ white culture ” is superior to all other world civilizations and deserves to dominate or wipe the others out .
The first is that it is only natural that white , Christian Europeans should be afraid of being swamped by people adhering to an alien , non-European religion .
Switzerland is said to be 5 percent Muslim , and of course this proportion is a recent phenomenon there and so unsettling to some .
But Islam is not new to Europe .
Parts of what is now Spain were Muslim for 700 years , and much of the eastern stretches of what is now the European Union were ruled by Muslims for centuries and had significant Muslim populations .
Cordoba and Sarajevo are not in Asia or Latin America .
They are in Europe .
And they are cities formed in the bosom of Muslim civilization .
The European city of Cordoba in the medieval period has been described thusly :
‘ For centuries , Cordoba used to be the jewel of Europe , which dazzled visitors from the North .
Visitors marveled at what seemed to them an extraordinary general prosperity ; one could travel for ten miles by the light of street lamps , and along an uninterrupted series of buildings .
The city is said to have had then 200,000 houses , 600 mosques , and 900 public baths .
Over the quiet Guadalquivir Arab engineers threw a great stone bridge of seventeen arches , each fifty spans in width .
One of the earliest undertakings of Abd al - Rahman I was an aqueduct that brought to Cordova an abundance of fresh water for homes , gardens , fountains , and baths . ’
So if the Swiss think that Islam is alien to Europe , then they are thinking of a rather small Europe , not the Europe that now actually exists .
Minarets dotted Cordoba .
The Arnaudia mosque in Banja Luca dates back to the 1400s ; it was destroyed along with dozens of others by fanatics in the civil war that accompanied the break - up of Yugoslavia in the 1990s .
As for the likely comeback , that Muslims came to Europe from the 700s of the Common Era as conquerors , unlike Christianity , actually both were conquering state religions .
It was the conversion of an emperor that gave a favored position to Christianity in Europe , which was a small minority on the continent at the time .
And Charlemagne forcibly imposed Christianity on the German tribes up to the Elbe .
In the cases both of European Christianity and European Islam , there were many willing converts among the ordinary folk , who thrilled to itinerant preachers or beautiful chanting .
Others will allege that Muslims do not grant freedom of religion to Christians in their midst .
First of all , this allegation is not true if we look at the full range of the countries where the 1.5 billion Muslims live .
Among the nearly 60 Muslim - majority states in the world , only one , Saudi Arabia , forbids the building of churches .
Does Switzerland really want to be like Saudi Arabia ?
Here is a Western Christian description of the situation of Christians in Syria :
‘ In Syria , as in all other Arab countries of the Middle East except Saudi Arabia , freedom of religion is guaranteed in law . . .
We should like to point out too that in Syria and in several other countries of the region , Christian churches benefit from free water and electricity supplies , are exempt from several types of tax and can seek building permission for new churches ( in Syria , land for these buildings are granted by the State ) or repair existing ones .
It should be noted too that there are Christian members of Parliament and of government in Syria and other countries , sometimes in a fixed number ( as in Lebanon and Jordan . )
Finally , we note that a new personal statute was promulgated on 18 June 2006 for the various Christian Churches found in Syria , which purposely and verbatim repeats most of the rules of the Code of Canons of the Eastern Churches promulgated by Pope John Paul II . ‘
That is , in Muslim - majority Syria , the government actually grants land to Christians for the building of churches , along with free water and electricity .
Christians have their own personal status legal code , straight from the Vatican .
( It is because Christians have their own law in the Middle East , backed by the state , that Muslims in the West are puzzled as to why they cannot practice their personal status code . )
Christians have freedom of religion , though there are sensitivities about attempts to convert others ( as there are everywhere in the Middle East , including Israel ) .
And Christians are represented in the legislature .
With Switzerland ’s 5 percent Muslim population , how many Muslim members of parliament does it have ?
It will also be alleged that in Egypt some clergymen gave fatwas or legal opinions that building churches is a sin , and it will be argued that Christians have been attacked by Muslims in Upper Egypt .
These arguments are fallacies .
You cannot compare the behavior of some Muslim fanatics in rural Egypt to the laws and ideals of the Swiss Republic .
We have to look at Egyptian law and policy .
The Grand Sheikh of al - Azhar Seminary , the foremost center of Sunni Muslim learning , ‘ added in statements carried by Egyptian newspaper Youm al - Saba ’a that Muslims can make voluntary contributions to build churches , pointing out that the church is a house for “ worshipping and tolerance . ” ‘
He condemned the fundamentalist Muslims for saying church - building is sinful .
And Egypt has lots of churches , including new Presbyterian ones , following John Calvin who I believe lived in . . .
Geneva .
Aout 6 percent of the population is Christian .
The other problem with excusing Switzerland with reference to Muslims ’ own imperfect adherence to human rights ideals is that two wrongs do n’t make a right .
The bigotted Right does n’t even have the moral insight of kindergartners if that is the sort of argument they advance .
The International Declaration of Human Rights was crafted with the participation of Pakistan , a Muslim country ; the global contemporary rights regime is imperfectly adhered to by all countries – it is a claim on the world ’s behavior , something we must all strive for .
If the Swiss stepped back from it , they stepped back in absolute terms .
It does n’t help us get to global human rights to say that is o.k. because others are also failing to live up to the Declaration .
The other Wahhabi state besides Saudi Arabia , Qatar , has allowed the building of Christian churches .
But they are not allowed to have steeples or bells .
This policy is a mirror image to that of the Swiss .
So Switzerland , after centuries of striving for civilization and enlightenment , has just about reached the same level of tolerance as that exhibited by a small Gulf Wahhabi country , the people of which were mostly Bedouins only a hundred years ago .
End / ( Not Continued )
Physicists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) have demonstrated the first " universal " programmable quantum information processor able to run any program allowed by quantum mechanics -- the rules governing the submicroscopic world -- using two quantum bits ( qubits ) of information .
The processor could be a module in a future quantum computer , which theoretically could solve some important problems that are intractable today .
The NIST demonstration , described in Nature Physics , marks the first time any research group has moved beyond demonstrating individual tasks for a quantum processor -- as done previously at NIST and elsewhere -- to perform programmable processing , combining enough inputs and continuous steps to run any possible two - qubit program .
The NIST team also analyzed the quantum processor with the methods used in traditional computer science and electronics by creating a diagram of the processing circuit and mathematically determining the 15 different starting values and sequences of processing operations needed to run a given program .
" This is the first time anyone has demonstrated a programmable quantum processor for more than one qubit , " says NIST postdoctoral researcher David Hanneke , first author of the paper .
" It 's a step toward the big goal of doing calculations with lots and lots of qubits .
The idea is you 'd have lots of these processors , and you 'd link them together . "
The NIST processor stores binary information ( 1s and 0s ) in two beryllium ions ( electrically charged atoms ) , which are held in an electromagnetic trap and manipulated with ultraviolet lasers .
Two magnesium ions in the trap help cool the beryllium ions .
NIST scientists can manipulate the states of each beryllium qubit , including placing the ions in a " superposition " of both 1 and 0 values at the same time , a significant potential advantage of information processing in the quantum world .
Scientists also can " entangle " the two qubits , a quantum phenomenon that links the pair 's properties even when the ions are physically separated .
With these capabilities , the NIST team performed 160 different processing routines on the two qubits .
Although there are an infinite number of possible two - qubit programs , this set of 160 is large and diverse enough to fairly represent them , Hanneke says , making the processor " universal . "
Key to the experimental design was use of a random number generator to select the particular routines that would be executed , so all possible programs had an equal chance of selection .
This approach was chosen to avoid bias in testing the processor , in the event that some programs ran better or produced more accurate outputs than others .
advertisement
Ions are among several promising types of qubits for a quantum computer .
If they can be built , quantum computers have many possible applications such as breaking today 's most widely used encryption codes , such as those that protect electronic financial transactions .
In addition to its possible use as a module of a quantum computer , the new processor might be used as a miniature simulator for interactions in any quantum system that employs two energy levels , such as the two - level ion qubit systems that represent energy levels as 0s and 1s .
Large quantum simulators could , for example , help explain the mystery of high - temperature superconductivity , the transmission of electricity with zero resistance at temperatures that may be practical for efficient storage and distribution of electric power .
The new paper is the same NIST research group 's third major paper published this year based on data from experiments with trapped ions .
They previously demonstrated sustained quantum information processing and entanglement in a mechanical system similar to those in the macroscopic everyday world .
NIST quantum computing research contributes to advances in national priority areas , such as information security , as well as NIST mission work in precision measurement and atomic clocks .
In the latest NIST experiments reported in Nature Physics , each program consisted of 31 logic operations , 15 of which were varied in the programming process .
A logic operation is a rule specifying a particular manipulation of one or two qubits .
In traditional computers , these operations are written into software code and performed by hardware .
The programs did not perform easily described mathematical calculations .
Rather , they involved various single - qubit " rotations " and two - qubit entanglements .
As an example of a rotation , if a qubit is envisioned as a dot on a sphere at the north pole for 0 , at the south pole for 1 , or on the equator for a balanced superposition of 0 and 1 , the dot might be rotated to a different point on the sphere , perhaps from the northern to the southern hemisphere , making it more of a 1 than a 0 .
Each program operated accurately an average of 79 percent of the time across 900 runs , each run lasting about 37 milliseconds .
To evaluate the processor and the quality of its operation , NIST scientists compared the measured outputs of the programs to idealized , theoretical results .
They also performed extra measurements on 11 of the 160 programs , to more fully reconstruct how they ran and double - check the outputs .
As noted in the paper , many more qubits and logic operations will be required to solve large problems .
A significant challenge for future research will be reducing the errors that build up during successive operations .
Program accuracy rates will need to be boosted substantially , both to achieve fault - tolerant computing and to reduce the computational " overhead " needed to correct errors after they occur , according to the paper .
As a non-regulatory agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce , NIST promotes U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science , standards and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life .
The next time you need a third hand to hold your coffee cup while you dig around in your bag for something , just stick it to a streetlight with this ingenious hack .
Advertisement
A fabulously creative New York City blogger who goes by the name " AP " is all about devising clever ways to eat outdoors with flair .
She 's come up with ways to turn a lunchbox into a plate and a fire hydrant into a table , but we really dig her magnetic coffee cup holder .
It started out as an attempt to create a plastic , magnetized cup holder that would let you stick your cup to the nearest available metal surface .
AP came up with a prototype , then had a thought :
After I made this I realized that it made a lot of sense to just work with a form that we are already really comfortable with : the Coffee Cozy .
Why not just embed magnets into one of those ?
Advertisement
You can easily make your own version of this by snagging reusable coffee sleeves online , or making your own .
Attach a couple of strong magnets , and you 're good to go .
Check out AP 's blog , Pop Up Lunch , to see some of the other modern day picnicking ideas she has up her sleeve , like this awesome hook that hangs your drink and your lunchbag from a fence or post .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , these ideas work best if you 're out and about at lunch time .
Lots of us end up eating at our desks or in the car , so let 's get some lunch hacks together for people who are n't eating outside .
Share your tips in the comments .
Magnetic Coffee Sleeve [ Pop Up Lunch via Manhattan Users Guide ]
Early buy rate numbers are coming in for UFC 106 , and they are n’t good .
More shocking than the some of the UFC ’s recent judging is the disappointing buy rate for UFC 106 .
Fingers are being pointed , blame is being shifted , and heads are spinning as skeptics are wondering whether these early numbers suggest the first chapter in the decline of the UFC .
It is amazing as to how quickly things can change in the sports and entertainment business .
Just five months ago , UFC 100 set records with over 1.5 million buys and was the darling of the media .
The UFC president , Dana
White ’s arrogance was at an all time high and he immediately started making claims about surpassing the NFL in terms of popularity in a few years .
Five months later and UFC 106 is estimated to have sold a mere 300,000 pay - per-views .
At this rate , Dana
White would be lucky to keep pace with the UFL in a few years .
The numbers are truly shocking .
For one , it was just a month ago that the UFC generated over 500,000 buys with UFC 104 .
The show featured a title match between Shogun Rua and Lyoto Machida that looked very unappealing on paper .
Neither man had the star power that Tito Ortiz and Forrest Griffin carry to the mass MMA audience .
Yet a fight with these two UFC superstars featuring a rematch of a classic fight did almost half as many guys as two non-American fighters in a one - sided match on paper ?
It just does n’t make sense …or does it ?
I have a few theories as to the huge decrease in numbers , and they are huge .
The number one theory is something I wrote about right before the UFC 106 and it centers on the ridiculous decisions that have come down in recent main - events since UFC 104 .
Over 500,000 people paid $ 50 to watch a guy get robbed of a title and a win .
Even worse , over 1 million people watched arguably the wrong guy win a fight on the judge ’s scoring card again at UFC 105 .
Take recent fights on The Ultimate Fighter into equation , and you have a scenario where you are expecting people to pay $ 50 to watch fights that are coming down to bad decisions .
More than exciting fights or star power , I firmly believe that credibility counts more than anything else when promoting your sport .
The UFC has lost a ton of credibility recently and that is exactly why casual fans are passing on the UFC .
Another popular argument these days amongst fans and journalists is overexposure .
Can too much of a good thing hurt in the long run ?
I definitely believe that the UFC is suffering a case of overexposure right now .
Big shows are coming as little as a week apart , as UFC 105 aired on free TV the week before UFC 106 .
Add in the UFC Unleashed shows and The Ultimate Fighter , and there is just too much UFC going on these days to follow .
The short timeline between shows is fine , when you are following great fights .
The risk you take is that you run into a couple of bad decisions in a row and fans are going to be just as quick to turn it off as they were to jump on UFC 100 .
Yet another argument has been the diminished star power of Tito Ortiz and Forrest Griffin .
A lot of people are pointing the finger at Griffin , feeling his poor showing against Anderson Silva turned fans off to Forrest .
I do n’t believe that at all .
Here is a guy that is on the cover of one of the most successful video games of the year .
Tito Ortiz has turned into a mainstream celebrity between his appearance on The Celebrity Apprentice and his public romance with Jenna Jameson .
In terms of star - power , these two guys should have easily sold 500,000 buys .
Plus , this was a rematch that fans have wanted to see for years .
I do n’t buy the star - power argument , although it has to be humiliating for someone like Tito Ortiz who prides himself on being one of the biggest stars in MMA .
Dana
White has also started a war with boxing that he is beginning to lose .
White has been running his mouth since the UFC blew up a couple of years ago .
White has constantly ranted about how bad boxing is , and how the UFC has taken over boxing ’s place in combat sports .
That may have been true in the short - term but times are changing , and boxing is fighting back .
White has purposely run UFC shows head - to - head with the two biggest boxing events of the year in recent months .
To say that boxing slaughtered the UFC would be an understatement .
White should be humbled and embarrassed after all of his ranting about how much better the UFC is than boxing .
UFC 103 generated an estimated 400,000 buys going head - to - head with Mayweather - Marquez which sold over 1 million .
UFC 106 also had a head - to - head , going head - to - head with Pacquiao - Cotto .
While UFC 106 did a mere 300,000 buys , Cotto - Pacquiao sold 1.25 million buys .
Ouch !
It gets worse for Dana White and the UFC .
It is looking very likely that the much anticipated Manny Pacquiao vs. Floyd Mayweather match is finally going to happen .
Chances are that the agreement between these two almost assuredly includes a rematch , and a third match if necessary .
The first match is expected to shatter records and could sell over 2 million pay - per-views .
Numbers like that will make Dana
White look like a moron anytime he criticizes boxing in the future .
Additionally , there are a lot of older sports journalists that hate the UFC and are openly rooting for boxing in this war .
Once this super fight happens , it will dwarf anything that Dana White or the UFC promotes for a long time .
There is really only one answer that the UFC has to answer Pacquiao - Mayweather and that is Fedor Emelianenko vs. Brock Lesnar .
As of today , this is the biggest fight that can be made in MMA .
While Fedor has never been a great draw on pay - per-view , Brock Lesnar has and this is a match that even the most casual MMA fans talk about .
The big problem here for Dana
White is that he has blasted boxing for years for not giving fans the match that they want to see ( Pacquiao - Mayweather ) , and now it is he that ca n’t deliver the big match to his fans .
Pacquiao - Mayweather has to put a ton of pressure on Dana White to get Fedor vs.
Brock done no matter what he says .
He had the chance to get it done and he did n’t .
Fans do n’t want to hear his excuses about the Russian mafia or promotional deals .
Fans are tired of excuses and just want to see the freaking fight .
The fact that Bob Arum and Golden Boy can co-promote , completely dismisses just about all of Dana White ’s excuses .
The bottom line here is that the UFC is facing a steep uphill climb in 2010 .
Even worse , a lot of this all comes back to Dana White writing checks with his mouth that he ca n’t cash .
Sure , the UFC has been bit by injuries but they will get all of their top stars back at some point next year .
Beyond the injuries , the UFC desperately needs to fix their judging methods and that needs to happen immediately .
More than anything , Dana
White needs to keep his mouth shut and start delivering matches the fans want to see .
Boxing is making a comeback and with no UFC super matches on the horizon , the UFC is in danger of being the “ Fad of the Decade . ”
Fix the judging , spread out the shows , and deliver the fights that fans want to see , and the UFC will be just fine by the end of 2010 .
Commissioner Goodell , I think you can sleep easy .
Thanks to Heavy.com for the UFC 106 numbers .
Order the UFC : Ultimate 100 Greatest Fights DVD set by clicking here .
Check out the book Total MMA : Inside Ultimate Fighting by clicking here .
( Visited 29 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Washington ( CNN ) --
It 's after dinner .
You 're tired .
You ease yourself into a comfortable place to watch your favorite TV show .
Suddenly you 're jolted from your couch potato demeanor by a commercial break .
It 's an ad for insurance or rum or a credit card -- and it's blaring , invading your calm and boosting your blood pressure .
Marketers want the loud commercials to grab viewers ' attention .
A Democratic representative from California , however -- and her fellow politicians in the House -- find them more annoying than effective .
In her crusade to eliminate the nuisance , Rep. Anna Eshoo wrote the Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation Act , or CALM , which mandates that TV commercials be no louder than the programs in which they appear .
Representatives unanimously passed the bill last month and sent it to the Senate for consideration .
The brief measure directs the Federal Communications Commission to develop regulations preventing ads from being " excessively noisy or strident " or " having modulation levels substantially higher than the accompanying program . "
The bill also addresses " average maximum loudness . "
The volume of television commercials is a common complaint among viewers .
One man told CNN , " Every time you put on the TV and try and watch a show , the next thing you get are these really loud commercials . "
A woman added , " I usually mute the television . "
" This is a dumb bill but I love it .
I really do , " said media analyst Mark Hughes .
He said that for irritated Americans it strikes a nerve , even though it 's not a huge political issue .
" It 's important to people .
And it 's important in my household that I do n't wake up the kids when they 're sleeping , and I do n't tick off my wife when she tells me to turn it down " because of a commercial 's high volume .
Eshoo said she 's been swamped with mail , e-mail and phone calls from people who have thanked her for the bill .
Political strategist John Ashford said there is some attraction to an issue that is manageable , as opposed to the complex issues Congress often struggles with .
" Having worked on Capitol Hill and now working in public relations , I know that when Congress can't solve big problems like Iraq and Afghanistan and 10 percent unemployment and how to implement this health care bill they are trying to pass , they turn to small problems like blasting television commercials . "
Under the measure , advertisers and production houses would have one year to adopt technology that modulates and sets sound levels -- and apply it to TV commercials .
The FCC will do its part , a source there said .
CNN 's Louise Schiavone contributed to this report .
Here ’s the opening of a story published earlier today by Dan Ball at KVBC News 3 Las Vegas , entitled Few new City Hall obstacles remain
It looks like the city of Las Vegas may soon get a new City Hall .
No , we wo n’t .
Last I checked , the city government in Las Vegas will soon get a new City Hall .
The rest of us in the city of Las Vegas are n’t getting anything , except the $ 185,000,000 bill for Oscar Goodman ’s new office .
For six years , chef John Simons has operated Firefly restaurant on Paradise and Flamingo .
Four months ago he opened a second location inside the Plaza hotel downtown .
Simmons says he supports a new City Hall .
I ’m hoping that we can develop kind of a really cool , vital downtown scene , ya know ?
Because nothing says really cool and vital in a downtown scene like municipal government office buildings .
Betsy Fretwell is the city manager for the city of Las Vegas .
If we can move the City Hall from its current location we will be able to create about $ 4 billion in private investment in the downtown area and create over 13,000 jobs over the period of time and over four projects .
Well , hell , why do n’t we just move the City Hall every year ?
Why not build a new one every month ?
Just imagine how much private investment and how many jobs all that new construction could create .
The project is estimated at about $ 185 million .
Fretwell says the city can afford to pay for it .
You do have to evaluate what you can afford .
We ’ve done that , we ’ve done a full feasibility report for the City Council . …
Actually , what ’s happening here is that she does the evaluating .
We do the affording .
Whether we want to or not .
Betsy Fretwell does n’t have to afford a damned thing ; she evaluates , and we ’re forced to pay up whether we reckon we can afford it or not .
Hence , this massive screwjob against Las Vegas workers , in order to fund a ridiculous and obviously self - serving local government boondoggle .
See also :
Is time running out ?
( Image : Altrendo Images / Stockbyte / Getty )
IT IS a dilemma facing a growing number of young women : can I delay having a baby until my career is more established ?
A genetic test that could make this decision less of a gamble might be on offer by next year , thanks to the discovery of a gene that seems to predict the rate at which a woman ’s egg supply diminishes .
No one is yet sure how useful the test will be .
But the aim is to tell a woman in her early 20s whether she is at high risk of …
Macaque ( Macros for Caml Queries ) is a DSL for OCaml , wich produce SQL requests from a comprehension syntax .
Macaque can build queries by from simpler components , using phantom types used to ensure safety .
A researcher at the University of Granada has designed a new system for the mobility of military troops within a battlefield based on the mechanisms used by ant colonies to move using a commercial video game .
This work , developed at the department of Computer Architecture and Technology of the UGR , has designed several algorithms that permit to look for the best route path ( this is , to find the better route to satisfy certain criteria ) within a particular environment .
Specifically , this research work has developed a software that would allow the army troops to define the best path within a military battle field , considering that such path will be covered by a company and this must consider the security criteria ( reaching their destination with the lower number of casualties ) and speed ( reaching their destination as quickly as possible ) .
To that end , the scientists have used the so called ' ant colony optimization algorithm ( ACO ) ' , a probabilistic technique used to solve optimization problems and inspired in the behaviors of ants to find trajectories from the colony to the food .
A mini-simulator
This work has been carried out by Antonio Miguel Mora García , and supervised by professors Juan Julián Merelo Guervós and Pedro Ángel Castillo Valdivieso , of the department of Computer Architecture and Technology of the UGR .
The scientists of the UGR have developed a mini-simulator in order to define the settings ( battlefields ) , locate the unit and their enemies , execute the algorithms and see the results .
In addition , the software designed by them offers a few tools useful to analyze both the initial map and the results .
To prepare this system , Mora García started from the battlefields present in the video game Panzer General™ , defining later the necessary properties and restrictions to make them faithful to reality .
The research work developed at the University of Granada has also had the participation of members of the Doctrine and Training Command of the Spanish Army ( MADOC ) , organism belonging to the Ministry of Defense , which in the long term could incorporate some of the features of the new simulator for the design of actual military strategies .
The UGR scientists point out that , apart form this application the simulator could also be useful to solve other actual problems , such as the search for the best path for a sales agent or a transporter to visit his clients optimizing fuel consumption or time , for example .
" In addition - they say - it could also be useful to solve planning problems for the distribution of goods , trying to serve the highest possible number of customers starting from a central warehouse , considering the lowest possible number of vehicles " .
Part of the results of this research work has been presented in several conferences , both national and international , and published in journals including the International Journal of Intelligent Systems .
The software designed for this research work is free software , and it can be downloaded though the Internet freely .
According to the ICM poll for this newspaper , despite the widespread view that there are too many immigrants in Britain , voters are deeply divided on what ought to be done .
Asked which party had the best approach to approach immigration , 27 per cent backed the Tories , followed by Labour ( 18 per cent ) , the Liberal Democrats ( 16 per cent ) and the British National Party ( 11 per cent ) .
How quickly the HTC
Hero went from hottest luxury smartphone to budget bin Android – fortunate for us that only applies to the price as the phone is still one of the best on the market .
The Hero was slightly redesigned and repackaged as the HTC Droid Eris for Verizon Wireless and started selling for $ 99 but now you can get the phone for only $ 30 if you buy through Wal - Mart :
That is a heck of an awesome price for a pretty darn good Android Phone and an amazing phone in general .
You would be paying $ 99.99 for the phone if you went directly through Verizon Wireless .
Hey Amazon … are you paying attention ?
[ Via AndroidForums … THANKS tonyguy2000 ! ]
RUSSIAN fascists did not hide their elation when Stanislav Markelov , a human - rights lawyer , and Anastasia Baburova , a young journalist , were shot dead in Moscow last January .
Mr Markelov had been a vital link between anti-fascist activists , such as Ms Baburova , and the police .
Yet the sense of impunity long enjoyed by Russia ’s far right has been dented by the arrest of a man and a woman for the murders .
The police even seem to have got the right people ( and others are still being hunted ) .
Nikita Tikhonov , a 29 - year - old ultra- nationalist who has admitted the murders , had been on the run since 2006 , when a group of skinheads knifed to death a 19 - year - old anti-fascist student .
Mr Markelov , who represented the victim ’s family , managed to get some of the attackers locked up .
But Mr Tikhonov , the main suspect , escaped .
He appears to be linked to Russian Mode , an ultra-nationalist group that advertises itself as “ not a gang , a PR agency or a political party , but all those things together ” and explains how to acquire weapons .
He and his combative comrade were detained on November 4th , a new holiday of “ national unity ” that has been hijacked by ultra-nationalists as their day to march and shout racist slogans .
This year on November 4th , Russian Mode managed to organise a concert of its flagship rock group a few metres from Red Square .
The proceeds from the concert went to support ultra-nationalists , such as Mr Tikhonov , who had already been arrested .
The ultra-nationalist movement has become institutional in many Russian cities , says Galina Kozhevnikova of SOVA , an independent centre that monitors nationalism and xenophobia .
Until recently some Russian security and law - enforcement agencies had been tolerant , if not actively protective , of such groups .
This and the xenophobic rhetoric of many officials have given a sense of legitimacy to the ultra-nationalists , Ms Kozhevnikova argues .
Encouragingly , the arrest of Mr Tikhonov and his female comrade is no accident , but part of what seems to be a serious and co-ordinated crackdown on the neo-fascists in Moscow .
The police have destroyed the most militant groups and conducted arrests on a mass scale .
Part of the reason , according to Ms Kozhevnikova , is that ultra-nationalists have turned on the government and are now seen as a threat that could destabilise the country .
In December 2008 one racist group beheaded a Tajik migrant worker near Moscow and then published a photo of his head with a message that bureaucrats who betray the interests of ethnic Russians and allow the flow of immigrants into the capital would be the next target .
“ The authorities thought they could control and manipulate nationalist groups ; but they quickly get out of control , ” Ms Kozhevnikova suggests .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner rejected a request from a Republican lawmaker that he resign for his handling of the economy .
In a heated exchange during a hearing of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress , Rep. Kevin Brady , Republican of Texas and the top House Republican on the panel , said Geithner had failed as the Obama administration 's point - man on the economy .
" Will you step down from your post , ? " Brady asked .
Geithner replied that he served at the pleasure of President Barack Obama .
Geithner said he agreed " with almost nothing " that Brady had said .
Hi there , I ’m in the process of re-populating this ( newly designed ) website with alllll the stuff < 3 - Marc
ANDRE AGASSI FACTFILE 29 April , 1970 : Born in Las Vegas , Nevada 1992 : Wins first Grand Slam title , Wimbledon 1994 : Wins first US Open 1995 : Wins first Australia Open 1997 : Marries Brooke Shields ; uses crystal meth 1999 : Divorces Brooke Shields 1999 : Wins first French Open 2001 : Marries Steffi Graf 2003 : Wins last Grand Slam , Australian Open 2006 : Agassi retires American Andre Agassi has admitted in his new autobiography he lied to tennis authorities about his use of crystal methamphetamine to escape a ban .
Eight - time Grand Slam winner Agassi said he wanted to share " my bad decisions which , in a few instances , nearly ended in catastrophe " .
The 39 - year - old , who retired in 2006 , also stated it was " not easy being so candid " and " brutally honest " .
Agassi admitted he used the drug with ex-assistant " Slim " in 1997 .
" I felt my story was one from which many people could learn , " he added in a video promoting the book .
Meanwhile , he also confessed in the book itself to a surprise lifelong hatred of the sport .
" I play tennis for a living , even though I hate tennis , hate it with a dark and secret passion , and always have , " he wrote .
The Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) said it could not comment on Agassi 's drug - taking revelation because it had withdrawn its doping case against him .
Agassi had lied to them that the use of the drug was accidental - and the failed test was kept secret by the ATP .
In response , the World Anti-Doping Agency ( Wada ) called on the association to " shed light " on the case .
Meanwhile , the International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) said it was " surprised and disappointed " by Agassi 's remarks .
Writing about the first time he used crystal meth , Agassi said : " Vast sadness and regret " followed his taking of the drug .
" Slim dumps a small pile of powder on the coffee table , " writes Agassi in his book , which the Times is serialising .
Jonathan Overend 's blog
How many more , like Agassi , simply bluffed their way out and got away with it ?
" He cuts it , snorts it .
He cuts it again .
I snort some .
" Then comes a tidal wave of euphoria that sweeps away every negative thought in my head .
I 've never felt so alive , so hopeful - and I 've never felt such energy . "
Crystal meth is classified in the UK as a class A drug - the category for those considered to be the most harmful and which attract the most serious punishments and fines .
It looks like small ice crystals and is a very powerful and addictive form of the stimulant speed , which can be eaten , inhaled through the nose or injected .
Agassi , who is widely considered to be among the greatest tennis players of all time , recounts in the book , which is called ' Open ' , about his introduction to the drug .
He was enduring the worst year of his professional career in 1997 as he struggled with a wrist injury , and his world ranking slumped to a low of 141 that November .
Agassi , who is married to former women 's world number one Steffi Graf , explained how he had received a call from an ATP at that time to inform him he had failed a drugs test .
I say [ in a letter ]
Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true
Former tennis star Andre Agassi The Las Vegas - born star wrote a letter to the ATP to argue the use was accidental , blaming his former assistant Slim .
" My name , my career , everything is now on the line .
Whatever I 've achieved , whatever I 've worked for , might soon mean nothing , " Agassi writes .
" Days later I sit in a hard - backed chair , a legal pad in my lap , and write a letter to the ATP .
It 's filled with lies interwoven with bits of truth .
" I say Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true .
Then I come to the central lie of the letter .
" I say that recently I drank accidentally from one of Slim 's spiked sodas , unwittingly ingesting his drugs .
I ask for understanding and leniency and hastily sign it : Sincerely .
" I feel ashamed , of course .
I promise myself that this lie is the end of it . "
Agassi , who is often cited as one of the most charismatic players ever , writes that the ATP reviewed his case and , while he faced a minimum three - month ban , decided to believe his account and withdraw the charges .
His subsequent rise back through the rankings over the following two years , on the back of a gruelling fitness programme and the ignominy of playing on the lesser Challenger circuit , has gone down in tennis history .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In 1999 Agassi became only the fifth man to win all four Grand Slam titles with victory at the French Open .
Three months later he added a second US Open crown and he ended the year back at number one in the world .
Former Wimbledon champion Michael Stich told BBC Radio 5 live the revelations raised questions about the ATP 's handling of the matter .
He suggested Agassi was not suspended " because he was so important to the game " .
The German said : " The fact that he was using it [ crystal meth ] , escaped drugs tests and said he used it accidentally raises a lot of questions towards the ATP .
" Why was Andre Agassi not suspended if he tested positive and why was it never brought to the attention of the media and the players ?
Nobody ever heard about it . "
An ATP spokesman said it commented on the results of drugs tests only when a violation had occurred , and so could not speak about the Agassi situation because it withdrew the case against him .
" Under the tennis anti-doping programme it is , and has always been , an independent panel that makes a decision on whether a doping violation has been found , " he stated .
" The ATP has always followed this rule and no executive at the ATP has therefore had the authority or ability to decide the outcome of an anti-doping matter . "
Expressing his disappointment about the revelation , Wada president John Fahey said Agassi was seen as a role model who should alert youths to the dangers of doping .
This raises a lot of questions towards the ATP .
Why was Agassi not suspended if he tested positive ?
Former Wimbledon champion Michael Stich Fahey said he expected the ATP to " shed light on this allegation . "
The ITF said tennis authorities were determined to keep drugs out of the sport .
" This should not be overshadowed by an incident that took place over 12 years ago , " said president Francesco Ricci Bitti .
" The statements by Mr Agassi do , however , provide confirmation that a tough anti-doping programme is needed . "
BBC Radio 5 live 's tennis correspondent Jonathan Overend feels Agassi 's legacy could be ruined by the revelations and will also damage tennis 's reputation .
" This is sure to severely tarnish the reputation of one of the great champions , " said Overend .
" I think it will have underlying implications for the sport in terms of the suspicion about some of the athletes and whether or not they are on drugs .
" The fact that Agassi lied and the authorities believed him has enormous repercussions .
How many other cases may there have been like this ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the disturbing features of the persistent use of torture by many countries in conflict situations around the world is the role some doctors play in condoning it .
The World Medical Association ( WMA ) , which " promot[es ] the highest possible standards of medical ethics , [ and ] provides ethical guidance to physicians " , is crystal clear on this practice .
Its 1975 Tokyo declaration states unequivocally that " physicians shall not countenance , condone or participate in the practice of torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading procedures , and in all situations , including armed conflict and civil conflict " .
True to its principles , in October , in response to reports about the possible collusion of doctors in the abuse of prisoners in Iran , the WMA passed a unanimous motion at its annual meeting in Delhi urging national medical associations to speak out in support of the rights of patients and doctors there .
But is the WMA being selective in its condemnations ?
The specific problem of doctors ' complicity in the torture of detainees in the Middle East was raised at an international patients ' rights conference in Turkey in November .
In a presentation she made , Dr Ruchama Marton , head of Physicians for Human Rights - Israel ( PHR - I ) , called for the WMA to play a central role in establishing a network " to voice complaints and provide assistance to those who are willing to struggle against torture " .
National medical associations and human rights organisations should work together " to campaign against torture in general and against the participation of physicians in torture procedures " .
In saying this , Marton was thinking about what some regard as the very unsatisfactory situation in Israel .
Evidence has been produced by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel ( PCATI ) and PHR - I of doctors examining interrogated Palestinians before , during or after torture without documenting , reporting or resisting , and by providing medical documents and information to the bodies responsible for the torturing .
These are all expressly prohibited under WMA and Israel Medical Association ( IMA ) guidelines , as is even the presence of a doctor where there is torture .
These allegations have never been seriously investigated by the IMA , despite persistent urging by PHR - I as part of its long struggle against the use of torture and its bringing of the issue to the attention of the WMA .
In the summer the IMA cut ties with the human rights body , accusing it of fomenting antisemitism .
Dr Yoram Blachar , the chairman of the IMA , wrote in a letter that " the outrageous situation is that PHR 's activity serves as fertile ground for antisemitism , anti-Israelism and anti-Zionism " .
In May , a letter sent to the WMA council through the chairman , Dr Edward Hill , signed by 725 doctors from 43 countries , and supported by PHR - I , requested that the WMA investigate the IMA for failing to conform to its code on the absolute prohibition of doctors participating in and condoning torture .
And it called for the immediate resignation of the then president of the WMA , Blachar .
In November , Dr Derek Summerfield of the Institute of Psychiatry at the University of London , convenor of the group who signed the May letter , wrote to the new WMA president , Dr Dana Hanson , on behalf of the lead signatory Professor Alan Meyers of Boston University , and again pressed for action to investigate the IMA .
And he also referred to the apparent discrepancy between the treatment of reports of collusion in torture in Iran and in Israel .
At the end of October , Meyers spoke to WMA council chair Dr Edward Hill and was told that the WMA would neither be responding to nor commenting on the May letter .
So far , that stance seems remain in place .
The current situation is deeply unsatisfactory .
Even though Israel 's supreme court in 1999 finally ruled that methods of torture used at that time by the security forces were illegal , a loophole was left for interrogators who tortured in " ticking bomb " situations , which ultimately allowed old forms of torture to creep back in by the mid-2000s , as a 2007 report by PCATI showed .
So there is good reason to be seriously concerned about the use of torture today .
It is important to recognise that torture would not be possible without the support and safety net of doctors and that doctors are key in exposing and stopping the practice .
Israel therefore needs to do two things .
First , allegations that Israeli doctors colluded in torture must be confronted and thoroughly investigated .
Otherwise , this ongoing affair can only damage the reputation of the vast majority of doctors in Israel , many of whom belong to PHR - I , who will have no truck whatsoever with torture and who assiduously apply their principles of medical ethics equally to all who come into their care , irrespective of national , ethnic or religious origin .
Second , PHR - I proposals for guidelines to help doctors identify torture and for legislation that would make it obligatory to report suspicion of torture and protect whistleblowers – measures that would protect doctors ' independence and make it much harder for interrogators to use torture – must be adopted by the IMA and the government .
No double standards are being applied to Israel here .
By implementing the proposals , Israel would simply be conforming to WMA guidelines – and doing at least one thing that would help repair its international position .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
why being nice does n’t always work
If skeptical and science bloggers do n't have anything nice to say , we should n't have to say anything nice .
Illustration by Amorphia Apparel
There ’s a complaint skeptical science bloggers get on a regular basis .
We ’re too aggressive and snarky when we come across pseudoscience or cranks .
Instead of kindly and gently pointing out our objections , we tend to go for the jugular and many of us do n’t mince words .
Why are we so evil ?
Because we ’re not here to be polite and watch out for the self - esteem of conspiracy theorists , anti-vaxers , creationists , homeopaths and the other woo peddlers who attack science and critical thinking in the media and on the web .
Cranks have an immunity to congenial objections , brushing them off as “ close - minded materialism ” or simply ignoring them .
That ’s why we call cranks out on their nonsense or dangerous quackery with no regard for their delicate sensibilities .
Once upon a time , when people said something stupid or demonstrably wrong , they were shown as mistaken and removed from the media spotlight .
But today , thanks to the power of the web and the popularity of famous pundits who ’s primary concerns are ratings and falling into a partisan line , cranks are everywhere and they ’re expecting to get a pat on the head for being the groundbreaking iconoclasts they fancy themselves to be .
And believe it or not , thanks to shoddy media coverage and highly moderated , insular web communities , they get the praise they crave .
Then , after reaching a broader audience and getting on our radars , they ’re confronted with people who say that they ’re wrong , that they ’re not the visionaries they imagine themselves , and that their ideas are either misguided or meaningless when put in the proper scientific context .
You can probably guess what happens next …
Angry e-mail hits our inboxes and streams of angry comments start showing up on our posts , asking us how dare we doubt them and accusing us of being close - minded cynics filled with bitterness and rage .
Who do we think we are doubting their claims ?
How could we try to squeeze their profound insights into the fundamental workings of the universe into the limited , materialistic box of science ?
Ca n’t we grasp how complex everything around us really is and give them due credit for using their imagination in place of empirical studies and well conducted experiments ?
Well , forget it .
We ’re not here to pat cranks on the head and give them their politically correct compliment sandwich used by corporate managers during performance reviews .
We ’re here to write about good science , new discoveries and point out cases of bad journalism or anti-scientific platitudes used for profit and self - aggrandizement .
When someone spews nonsense , we explain exactly why it ’s wrong and if they continue to do it , we ’ll continue to expose their mistakes in no uncertain terms .
For the most part , we 'd say that Sony addressed the concerns of many when it introduced the PlayStation 3 Slim .
The console was smaller , cheaper and easier on the eyes , and of course the 120 GB hard drive did n't hurt matters either .
That said , we know that the redesign did n't please everyone , and we 've heard more than a few PS3 diehards complain about the new design .
If it were you designing a newer , less expensive PlayStation 3 , what wouldhave done differently ?
Kept PS2 backwards compatibility ?
Colored it white ?
Added HD DVD support ?
Do n't be scared to get a little crazy -- besides , they call that " innovation " in the corporate world .
We are reaching limits in several areas , but the one I would like to talk about here is oil production .
Oil is essential , because nearly all transportation depends on oil , and because a huge number of goods use oil in their manufacture ( including textiles , pharmaceuticals , pesticides , asphalt , plastics , lubricating oils , and computers ) .
Oil is also essential for our current agricultural system -- growing food and transporting it to market .
We live in a finite world .
It is clear that at some point , we will eventually start hitting limits — we wo n’t be able to extract as much oil , or we wo n’t be able to mine as much silver or platinum , or fresh - water aquifers that have built up over millions of years will run dry .
I decided to write another rather basic level article because there are so many people I meet who have heard a bit about the oil situation , and it is hard to point to one single article to give an overview of some of the current issues .
Regular readers will find many repeats of graphs .
There are some new ones , as well , from the Denver ASPO - USA conference .
Because there is so much to tell , the story gets a little long .
Why people are concerned about a decline in oil production
Quite a few people are familiar with the peak oil story .
If you have n’t heard it , here it is in a few graphs .
Once upon a time , the US was the biggest producer of oil in the world .
Our production was growing rapidly — until suddenly , oil production began to decline :
Figure 1 . Oil production ( crude and condensate ) for US 48 states , excluding Alaska and Hawaii , based on US Energy Information Administration data .
Oil companies had generally not realized that anything was amiss prior to the decline , and in fact , were forecasting continued growth for many years .
This decline in production for the US had been predicted by M. King Hubbert in 1956 , but few believed him .
He also made predictions that world oil production would begin to decline around 2000 .
His prediction was based on the fact that it was a finite resource , and it would become more difficult to extract over time .
After the decline in oil production in the US 48 states took place , production was expanded elsewhere , but after not too long , these too , began to decline :
Figure 2 . Oil production ( crude and condensate ) for Alaska , based on US Energy Information Administration data .
Figure 3 . Oil production ( crude and condensate ) for the North Sea , based on US Energy Information Administration data .
Finding new inexpensive places to drill became more and more difficult , as the world got better explored , and the easy - to - exploit areas were tapped first .
One problem was that new discoveries of oil in liquid form kept getting smaller and smaller :
Figure 4 . Historical discoveries of liquid oil , with reserve revisions backdated to initial discovery , based on work of Colin Campbell for ASPO .
One might think that at some point , world oil production would start running into difficulties .
Not too surprisingly , between 2004 and 2008 , we experienced a long - term rise in oil prices .
Figure 5 . Average monthly oil price per barrel , based West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) spot prices from US Energy Information Administration .
During the period when the price for oil was rapidly rising , one might think that oil production would be rapidly ramping up to meet demand , but this was not in fact the case .
Figure 6 . Oil production from the Energy Information Administration , using two common reporting methods .
“ All liquids " includes biofuels , natural gas liquids and “ refinery gain ” .
Oil production was in fact quite level during this time period , with only a slight uptick in production in 2008 , about the time prices hit their highest point .
Figure 7 . Data similar to that in Figure 6 from the Energy Information Administration , but on a monthly basis , rather than annual basis .
Oil production hit its highest point ever in July 2008 , the same month that oil prices peaked .
Figure 8 . Scatterplot of monthly oil production versus West Texas Intermediate oil prices .
( Bridge is to indicate one expects something at the end of the bridge ; with this shape graph , there is serious doubt what is ahead . )
Figure 8 compares something that most of us would n’t think of plotting together — monthly oil production ( crude and condensate in million barrels per day ) versus oil price .
What one can see from the graph is that oil production just barely increased , even as prices rose rapidly .
One gets the impression that oil supply is extremely inelastic — no matter how much price rises , supply does n’t increase by much .
This is what one might expect if oil production is reaching its limit .
All of these graphs seem to point in the direction of world oil production approaching its limit .
There are a lot of suspicious signs — particularly the virtually flat volume , with rising prices .
I ’ll continue with what happened recently , but let ’s stop first and look at the connection between oil and the economy .
Oil and the Economy
If oil is essential to the economy , because it is used for food and transportation and many other things , one might think that lack of oil might have an adverse impact on the economy .
There are many ways of seeing this is in fact the case .
Dave Murphy of The Oil Drum has shown that if the oil price goes much above $ 80 or $ 85 in inflation adjusted terms , the economy tends to go into recession .
Figure 9 . Graph by Dave Murphy of The Oil Drum from this post .
The problem with $ 80 or $ 85 barrel oil sending the economy into recession is the fact that much of the oil that remains is “ difficult oil ” , that is expensive to extract .
If producing oil at this price is an issue , then much of the remaining oil may throw the world further into recession — because when people spend so much money for oil , ( and indirectly for food , and for all things that have a transportation cost component ) , they do n’t have enough left over for everything else .
People cut back on non-essentials , and soon the economy goes into recession .
Figure 10 .
Graph by Dave Cohen ,
from ASPO - USA Presentation .
Dave Cohen of ASPO - USA shows in Figure 10 that growth in global GDP seems to be highly correlated with growth in global oil consumption .
This would tend to mean that if oil production actually starts declining , the world economy is likely to begin declining as well .
Figure 11 – Graph by Hannes Kunz from ASPO - USA presentation .
There has been much talk recently about the US economy becoming less tied to oil .
A recent presentation by Hannes Kunz shows that much of what appears to be an improvement is related to “ offshoring ” of the more energy - intensive industries ( Figure 11 . )
This further emphasizes the need for energy , if we are to have true economic growth .
We saw in Figure 5 that the price of oil went up in the 2004 to 2008 period .
Sam Faucher has shown that a shortage of oil supply ( relative to what one would expect the economy to use based on trend ) can be shown to underlie this increase in price .
A 1 million barrel a day shortfall in oil supply for OECD seems to correspond to a $ 20 barrel increase in oil price .
Growth and Credit
It is bad enough that a decline in oil production ( or an increase in price above $ 80 to $ 85 barrel ) tends to send the economy in recession .
We will see in this section that the credit situation has the potential to make the situation very much worse .
Buying goods on credit works much better in a growing economy than in a shrinking economy .
Figure 12 . Illustration by Gail Tverberg
If a person ( or business or government ) takes out a loan in a growing economy , there is a good chance that the economy will be better when the loan is to be paid back with interest .
The growing economy means that even when interest is repaid on the loan , there will still be enough for everything else .
Figure 13 .
Illustration by Gail Tverberg .
In a shrinking economy , the reverse happens .
Instead of being better of financially when it comes time to pay back the loan , one is likely to be less well off ( for example , an individual would be more likely to have lost his job , or a government would be more likely to be collecting less revenue ) .
Paying back the loan would be much more difficult , and would leave less for other needs .
As we have seen , there appears to be a very good chance oil supply will decline in the future .
If oil supply declines , we are likely to have economic decline , and with economic decline , loans will be more difficult to repay .
The problem is that our whole economy is built on credit .
Our monetary system is a credit - based system , in which money is loaned into existence .
Our international trade system is based on credit .
The US has been buying far more oil than it could pay for based on the value of the goods it exports — the difference is made up with more and more promises to pay in the future .
The amount of debt outstanding in the United States ( and many other countries ) has grown greatly in recent years .
This growth in debt has had a beneficial impact on reported GDP , since GDP calculations reflect expenditures without subtracting out debt related to those expenditures .
In fact , the loosening of housing credit in recent years may have been an attempt to cover up the lack of “ real growth ” after the growth in oil production started slowing about 2004 - 2005 .
An increase in debt would give the illusion of growth , and have some of the same benefits — higher reported GDP , rising home prices , rising stock market prices , and increased ability of homeowners to draw down the rising equity or their homes , to use for yet more purchases .
Figure 14 .
One possible scenario of future US debt outstanding , if debt starts unwinding , because of reduced economic growth .
( History based on Federal Reserve Z.1 data )
The problem if debt availability starts decreasing is that we start getting to all kinds of unpleasant results .
People are less able to buy houses and cars .
Housing values drop and defaults rise .
The value of commodities , including oil , drop , because they are less needed for producing houses and cars .
Investment for many kinds of things — not just oil - - becomes more difficult , because debt financing is not available .
Also , cash flow that might be used for investment is down , because of the price of commodities , and because of the inability of consumers to spend .
If oil production and credit both decline , real GDP will tend to drop even more than it would have based on the relationship shown in Figure 10 , because an increase in debt helps GDP ; a decrease hurts it .
What happened to oil after July 2008 ?
We saw in Figure 5 that oil prices reached their peak value in July 2008 .
But why ?
It seems to me that a major part of the reason must have been a change in the credit markets .
Credit markets started unwinding about then , and this brought the support for the price of oil down .
Without credit , consumers could not buy all the consumer goods that use oil , and businesses , even intermediaries in the oil business , could n’t necessarily buy the goods they want .
Figure 15 – US consumer credit outstanding ( excludes mortgages ) , based on Federal Reserve data .
Figure 15 shows that US consumer credit peaked at the same time as oil prices .
The amount of mortgage debt also began falling about the same time .
Lending in generally became tight , especially later in 2008 .
Even now , we read in Platt ’s report Hedging in the Oil Markets – Challenges in 2009 and Beyond :
Unsurprisingly it is credit and counterparty risk that tops the list of concerns amongst energy professionals when talking about managing cost .
Almost without exception it is these two themes that are at the forefront of everyone ’s mind .
Market risk is still prevalent , but it has taken a backseat to credit as the major influence on decision making .
“ Counterparty risk and credit risk are still the big areas to look at .
Banks cannot necessarily sustain all of their back to back hedges .
Who can you go to ? ” a market analyst said .
“ With counterparty risk – who will be there in a few months time ?
People are trying to aggregate credit risk rather than market risk now . ”
The unwinding of credit and the associated drop in demand would explain the sharp drop in price in July 2008 ( Figure 5 ) .
Even now credit has not fully recovered .
Given the problems one would expect with credit when oil is declining in availability and exerting a downward impact on economic growth , it is not at all surprising that credit is still a problem .
Prices have not risen to their previous level , because of credit issues holding demand down .
Funds available for investment have dropped because ( 1 ) less credit is available for financing , ( 2 ) the lower commodity prices leave less for cash flow , and ( 3 ) at the lower prices , more expensive types of investments no longer look profitable .
Looking Ahead
I do n’t think anyone doubts that there are huge resources theoretically available to the oil and gas industry , including oil sands , shale oil , polar oil , and very deepwater oil .
The problem is that most of the oil available , especially to the Independent Oil Companies , is either has a very slow flow rate , or is quite expensive to extract , or both .
The flow rate of any oil that has to be melted ( such as oil sands or very heavy oil ) is never going to be very high .
Oil that is very expensive to produce , such as deep sea oil , very likely will not be profitable except at a price which puts the US economy into recession .
There is a fairly long lead - time on new projects — typically six to 10 years — so one knows a to some extent how much oil is likely to be available in the next few years .
Figure 16 .
Expected future oil production , based on an analysis by Tony Eriksen of individual megaprojects .
Tony Eriksen ( ace ) shows his forecast in Figure 16 .
Other analysts using a similar approach get somewhat different results .
But even with more optimistic assumptions , this type of approach seems to indicate that world oil supply will be at best flat — or perhaps declining just a bit in the near future .
If there is a huge improvement in technology , or a much higher level of investment , things could theoretically get better , but so far there does n’t seem to be any indication of this .
Investment is in fact down .
The problems we are seeing today in terms of recession and reduced credit availability are precisely the kinds of impacts we would expect to see from oil flow that does not meet society ’s needs at an acceptably low price .
While one cannot prove that our current economic problems are mostly related to the oil situation , it is hard to believe that the relationship could be happenstance .
Even the crazy build - up in mortgage loans prior to the collapse may have been a way of disguising the real lack of growth in the economy , as world oil production stalled .
Going forward , it seems likely that the economic situation will generally trend downward , from the level we are currently at .
Figure 10 showed that the increase or decrease in GDP tended to rise or fall with oil production .
In Figure 10 , the percentage increase or decrease in GDP tended to be somewhat higher than the percentage increase in oil production — but the graph relates to a period when debt was increasing .
In a period of decreasing debt , one would expect the relationship to be more adverse — more downward trend in GDP for a given reduction in oil production .
In addition , if debt is decreasing , the price of oil is likely to stay on the low side , because of reduced consumer demand ( layoffs and inability to by cars and new houses ) .
The low price will make it difficult for oil companies to generate revenue from cash flow to use for investment , leading to less investment .
The low prices will also discourage investment in places where oil is theoretically available , but the cost of extraction is too high .
I mentioned earlier ( Figure 9 ) that above $ 80 or $ 85 a barrel , the economy tends to go into a recession .
This is likely to be a barrier to developing much of the remaining oil resources .
While there are a lot of resources in the ground , very little of it is easy - to - develop liquid crude .
Most of it is in a tricky location ( such as polar or very deep sea ) , or is a semi - solid that must be melted , or requires very specialized refining .
It is not clear that the $ 80 or $ 85 barrel threshold will remain either , in terms of being difficult for the economy to withstand .
With reduced credit ( still paying off old debt , but unable to obtain new ) , buyers will be less and less able to afford products made from oil .
It is possible that the threshold for economic problems will occur at even a lower price level for oil — say $ 60 or $ 70 barrel .
I mentioned that credit is tied in with a huge amount of our economy — including our monetary system and our international trade system .
So far , credit is down a little , but it still has a long ways to go .
Also , while credit is down , the system is still holding up pretty well .
The concern I have is that as oil production declines , it will be more and more difficult for the credit system to hold up .
For example , the US is buying oil on credit , because it does not have exports to pay for its imports .
This has been going on for years , leading to more and more debt .
At some point , it seems like this situation has to stop .
Some exporter is going to catch on to the fact that we are likely never are going to pay our debts and change the system — cut off credit , or require that we offer needed goods in return — say a certain amount of wheat for a particular amount of oil .
If problems with international trade develop , they are likely to have a hugely negative impact on manufacturing of high tech equipment .
Think about what is required for something as basic as a computer — petroleum to make the plastic case ; several kinds of metals ; a factory set up with precision equipment .
Keeping the whole manufacturing system going requires a steady stream of imports from around the world .
Eventually , it seems likely that we will have to move back to a system similar to that of many years ago , where food is grown locally , and goods are manufactured locally , with local materials .
It is not clear how much of modern transportation can be maintained — we may need to look at methods used centuries ago .
Why did n’t anyone tell us about this problem ?
Common sense tells us that at some point , a finite world is going to run into limits .
M. King Hubbert predicted the problem in 1956 .
A year later , 1957 , Rear Admiral Hyman Rickover spoke about the problem :
I suggest that this is a good time to think soberly about our responsibilities to our descendants - those who will ring out the Fossil Fuel Age .
Our greatest responsibility , as parents and as citizens , is to give America 's youngsters the best possible education .
. . .
We might even - if we wanted - give a break to these youngsters by cutting fuel and metal consumption a little here and there so as to provide a safer margin for the necessary adjustments which eventually must be made in a world without fossil fuels .
The fact that resources were limited was known , but there seemed to be reasons not to bring up the issue .
M. King Hubbert was n’t really believed until after US production began to fall in 1970 .
And even if he was believed , with such a distant event , it probably seemed likely that technological advances would increase the amount of oil that could be quickly and cheaply extracted , for many years .
Also , it seemed like there would be other energy sources that would be able to replace our current energy sources .
But so far , none of these is working out very well .
Natural gas recently has looked like it may have potential to be a temporary partial solution , but even this is “ iffy ” .
It may very well prove to be equivalent to $ 150 oil — more expensive than we really can make use of .
There have been many other energy ideas that have been looked at as well ( biofuels , wind , solar , hydrogen , wave , etc. ) but none is really a very adequate substitute for oil , and all are expensive , especially when one considers the entire “ package ” of upgrades that would be needed to make them act as a substitute for oil .
One would think that a magazine like Scientific American would bring this issue to the American public , but in recent years the magazine have tended to bring the public fanciful solutions , without pointing out the difficulties of these solutions .
Their latest is in the November 2009 issue .
My analysis can be found here .
There are two major organizations that forecast future oil production --- the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) and the US Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
Both put out rosy forecasts of future oil production , year after year , even though the problems have been plain for quite a few years to anyone who looked at the situation very closely .
The UK Guardian published an article recently called “ Key oil figures were distorted by US pressure , says whistleblower . ”
The article says that indications have been distorted under pressure from the Americans , and one senior official is quoted as saying , " We have [ already ] entered the ' peak oil ' zone .
I think that the situation is really bad . "
Similar reports about IEA distortions have been reported elsewhere .
If the IEA has been pressured by the Americans into giving overly - optimistic numbers , one can only guess that as much , or more , pressure has placed on the US organization , the EIA .
The result is the very optimistic numbers published widely , and frequently cited to show there is no problem .
One factor that has helped to confuse the matter is the optimistic reserve numbers published by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) .
These reserve amounts are unaudited , and are quite likely overstated .
Over a long enough time frame ( hundreds of years ) and at a high enough price , these numbers are perhaps correct , but it is very questionable whether OPEC can really ramp up production hugely in the next few years — or that they would want to , if it is clear that some of the world ’s buyers really are not very credit - worthy .
Most of the analyses regarding oil production from the “ peak oil community ” have looked at the future decline in oil production strictly from a geological decline point of view .
Geological decline is part of the issue — how much will production drop because the oil that is extracted is mixed with more and more water , and it is not possible to bring sufficient new production on line to offset the decline ?
But , in my view , an equally big question is how much economic factors will influence future production .
Will the international credit situation hold up adequately ?
Will lack of credit keep prices so low that investment in new extraction is greatly reduced ?
Will buyers of homes and cars be in sufficiently good financial condition to keep demand for oil and other products up ?
None of us really know the extent these factors will affect production , so it becomes difficult to have good numbers to give the American public .
The Task Ahead
There are many views of the task ahead .
Some think more research is the answer , or more nuclear , or improved electric transmission plus wind turbines , or electric trains .
To a significant extent , these views depend on a person ’s view of the timeframe involved , their analysis of where we are now , and their view of how much or how little international trade will be affected in the years ahead .
My personal view is that the main task we should be focusing on now is how to move to a much simpler system — one that depends mostly on locally grown food and locally manufactured goods .
This will likely mean a much lower standard of living .
Limiting population should probably be a goal , because it will be easier to have enough for all if there are fewer mouths to feed .
I do not see climate change legislation as terribly helpful .
Cap and trade will add huge overhead to the system — something we really cannot afford right now .
Peak oil is likely to mean a continuing major recession , and a natural decline in fossil fuel use .
To me , we would be better off spending our resources developing local agriculture and local manufacturing , and perhaps even sailing ships .
Earlier this month , ABC News and Fox News both cropped video to make it appear that Jon Stewart agreed with climate change skeptics .
Stewart made it clear that he supports science that proves climate change is real Monday .
“ [ G] lobal warming critics are not without their hyperbole , ” explained Stewart .
In a speech on the Senate floor , Sen. James Inhofe asked , “ Could it be that manmade global warming is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people ?
I believe it is . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Could it be ? ” wondered the Comedy Central comedian .
“ Could it be bigger than Hitler ’s diary ?
Could it be bigger than the big foot sex tape ?
Could it be a bigger hoax than the female orgasm , ” Stewart mocked .
Stewart compared the numerous scientific organizations that believe in global warming with the few that deny it .
“ That ’s certainly stronger than the four out of five dentists recommend sugarless gum benchmark , ” he joked .
“ That does n’t mean the one dentist who recommends sugar gum ca n’t be on TV . ”
CNN interviewed Lord Christopher Monckton who believes researching climate change is a colossal waste of time and money .
“ There ’s no need for it , ” he told CNN .
“ While Lord Monckton is not a scientist per se , he is the third Viscount of Brenchley and he makes puzzles , ” Stewart said to laughter .
But then the host of The Daily Show got serious .
“ So clearly the leaders of the world are siding with the scientific community and against the Viscount and that sends a strong message that global warming is real and that the world is serious about doing something about it , ” said Stewart .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fox News ’ Sean Hannity is clearly one of the few that does n’t agree with the majority of scientist and world leaders .
Hannity pointed to snow in Houston as evidence there was no global warmining .
“ Global warming is not happening because it snowed in Houston , ” Stewart explained .
“ And they elected a lesbian mayor . ”
Then Stewart had an epiphany .
“ I know what happened !
I guess hell really did freeze over and how could that happen if global warming is real ? ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Dec. 15 , 2009 .
Drop in crime on Isle of Man attributed to Europe 's only non-smoking prison
A brand new prison is taking credit for the plummeting crime rate in the Isle of Man .
But it is not the fear of being locked up that is making criminals think twice before stealing , fighting or trading in drugs .
The prospect of being forced to give up smoking is apparently far more frightening .
A huge drop in crime on the Isle of Man has been put down to criminals ' living in fear ' of being sent to Europe 's only non-smoking prison ( file picture )
The £ 42 million jail , which opened last year , is Europe 's only non-smoking prison .
Inmates and guards are not allowed to smoke either in or outside the buildings .
With just under 100 prisoners , there is plenty of room for more , with at least 40 cells empty .
The Isle of Man , already one of the safest places in Britain , has seen a 14 per cent drop in crime since the jail opened , or rather closed , its doors in August 2008 .
Prisoners arriving at the jail are told they have no choice but to give up smoking and are offered nicotine patches and counselling to help them cope .
An Isle of Man police source said : ' There are 200 officers on this island and anything which makes our lives easier is welcome news .
' It has become a standing joke that when we nick someone we remind them that if they get sent down they 'll have to come off the cigarettes - their faces are a picture . '
In the last 12 months , the number of burglaries has plunged by more than 35 per cent , there has been a 25 per cent drop in the number of assaults , and the number of people caught stealing cars has fallen by seven per cent .
Domestic assaults fell 11 per cent and criminal damage offences dropped eight per cent .
The crime rate on the Isle of Man was already low , with experts saying it is down to ' low unemployment and high community spirit ' , but also that the criminal justice system takes a hard line on crimes , with even small crimes often resulting in imprisonment .
One former prisoner , who spent six months there , said the smoking ban had cons ' crawling up the walls ' in desperation for a nicotine fix .
The inmate , who did n't want to be named , said today : ' As soon as you get to the prison they take your fags and lighter off you .
' It came as a big surprise to a lot of us - smoking is something that helps people doing time stay sane - it 's something to do with all that time you have on your hands . '
He added : ' As soon as word got round that it was n't a joke and that all smoking was banned , even in the exercise yard , a lot of people I know started having second thoughts about committing crimes .
' It was something they genuinely feared .
Not prison itself , but the idea of being forced to give up smoking .
' Some of my mates have simply given up crime , whether it be stealing cars , shoplifting to order or burglary , as a direct result of the smoking ban . '
A spokeswoman for the prison said that the huge drop in recorded crime could not be ' wholly attributed ' to the non-smoking prison , but said the non-smoking status of the prison was now a well known fact on the island .
She said : ' The No-Smoking Premises Regulations 2007 are well known throughout the Island .
' All smoking prisoners are offered every assistance through our professionally qualified medical team and prescribed nicotine replacement therapy in accordance with clinical guidance . '
Home Affairs Minister Martyn Quayle , said at the opening of the prison : ' It 's been a very difficult issue to reflect the fact that we are not going to please everybody .
' Certainly the prison officers have a right to enjoy a no-smoking environment as much as their counterparts in the civil service working outside the prison .
' The Department considered a total ban was the right policy to adopt . '
Chief Inspector Simon Lowe , of the Isle of Man Constabulary , said today : ' Anything that helps reduce crime is welcomed by the police . '
A Facebook group has even been set up to fight for the right to smoke in the prison and already has 218 members .
The group called ' Allow smokers to smoke in the Isle of Man prison ' states : ' This group is really more of a petition against the banning of prisoners smoking in the new prison on the Isle of Man .
' Smoking being banned in the entire prison is an absolute joke and an infringement against human rights by do - gooders .
' At least let the people who are in ( prison ) smoke outside .
It 's the only prison in Europe that has this rule . '
News in Science
Top End program reduces skin infections
A community - based treatment program in Northern Australia has successfully reduced the number of Aboriginal children with skin infections , according to a new study .
The finding , published in the latest edition of PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases , demonstrates that education programs involving local people can have a significant impact on reducing disease in remote communities .
Epidemiologist Dr Ross Andrews of Charles Darwin University in Darwin says seven out of ten Aboriginal children contract a skin infection before their first birthday .
He says skin infections can lead to more severe medical conditions such as blood poisoning , kidney and heart disease .
According to Andrews , environmental conditions are the main cause of skin infections such as skin sores and scabies .
Scabies is caused by a parasite that burrows into the skin where they lay their eggs .
" [ It ] is essentially a disease of poverty and overcrowding , " he says .
Andrews says they can only live in human skin and therefore " need close contact to get from one human to another . "
Apart from the itchiness of the bite , the site can also become an entry point for infections such as staph , he says .
" We 've shown that scabies have a role in about 50 to 70 % of skin sores . "
Community study
Andrews says the community - based program involved annual treatment days for children with scabies and skin sores .
Local workers were also trained to conduct house to house visits to educate people about skin hygiene .
In three years , Andrews says , the program checked more than 2000 children in several remote communities in East Arnhemland in the Northern Territory .
" Initially 46 % of the kids had skin sores , " he says , but the end of the program the number of children with skin sores had reduced by 14 % .
Andrews admits there is still a long way to go to reduce skin infections in remote communities .
At present only a fifth of children that need treatment are receiving it , he says .
" We also did n't see any impact in the [ number of children ] with scabies .
We think most people take the [ treatment ] cream , but they do n't use it . "
Treatment options
He says convincing people to use the cream is the next challenge , but they 're also researching alternative treatment options .
" In one of the communities we are looking at a tablet [ treatment ] , " which according to Andrews has been very successful in African communities .
Andrews says the overall burden of skin infections in the communities involved in the study has decreased , but the study has yet to establish whether the reduction in skin infections can lead to a decrease in heart disease and kidney disease .
That requires longer term studies , he says .
Andrews says despite the poor living conditions and overcrowding in these remote communities the program did " make some in roads . "
" It 's small [ programs ] working locally that we think has been a real driver here " .
Amanda Knox and her Italian former boyfriend were found guilty last night of the murder of the British student Meredith Kercher , who was stabbed to death two years ago .
Knox , 22 and Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , killed Kercher in an attack which ended with Sollecito taunting Kercher with one knife while Knox plunged another into her throat , the court heard during the trial .
Kercher , 21 , from Coulsdon , Surrey , was found with a deep knife wound in the throat on the floor of her bedroom in the flat she shared with Knox and two young Italian women .
She was a student at Leeds University and was spending a year at Perugia 's university for foreigners when she was found murdered on 2 November 2007 .
Knox , who came into the courtroom weeping and shaking , appeared not to react immediately as the sentences were read out , but then broke down and buried herself in the shoulder of her senior lawyer , Luciano Ghirga .
She was led from the court by police and her sobbing could be heard from the corridor that leads away from the vaulted underground court in which the trial has been heard .
Her younger sister , Deanna , 20 wept .
Sollecito , who had been less composed than his former girlfriend during the trial , sat rigidly , staring ahead as the colour drained from his face .
His stepmother was seized by a panic attack and appeared to be hyperventilating .
Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison while Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years .
Knox was also found guilty of several other offences including criminal slander for pointing the finger of guilt at Diya " Patrick " Lumumba , 38 , who ran a local bar .
He later proved to have an alibi and was released after initially being arrested in connection with the murder .
Knox 's family left court in tears and fought their way through the dense crowd .
Asked if he would fight on , Curt Knox , the American student 's father , replied : " Hell , yes . "
Kercher 's family 's lawyer , Francesco Maresca , said they were satisfied with the verdict .
He said : " They got the justice they were expecting .
We got what we were hoping for . "
The verdict put an end , though perhaps only a temporary one , to a case that has baffled and divided amateur detectives on both sides of the Atlantic and turned a probing light on the Italian legal system .
Knox , a student at the University of Washington , and her boyfriend were sent for trial despite the fact that a third person had been convicted of the killing before their indictment .
Rudy Guede , a drifter born in the Ivory Coast , was sentenced to 30 years last year after a fast - track trial .
He is appealing against his conviction .
Last night 's verdict will almost certainly prompt another appeal as Knox and Sollecito , a computer science graduate , try to establish their innocence in a higher court .
They were caught up in the murder inquiry after investigators became suspicious of their behaviour in the hours and days following the discovery of Kercher 's body .
The two former lovers gave contradictory accounts of their movements on the night of the crime when , as they both acknowledged , they had been smoking cannabis .
Amanda
Knox then gave police a statement which she subsequently retracted , in which she said she had been at the flat when Kercher was murdered and had covered her ears to block out her screams .
Her statement , at the end of an overnight without the assistance of either a lawyer or interpreter , interrogation was ruled inadmissible by Italy 's highest court .
But , by a quirk of the law , it was able to be cited repeatedly in court and even shown this week on a giant screen to the two professional and six lay judges trying the case .
That was not the only unusual aspect of a trial during which the leading counsel for the prosecution , Giuliano Mignini , was being tried for abusing his powers in another case .
Mignini , who initially suggested Kercher might have died in an occult rite , later argued that Knox had killed her because she had come to hate her British flatmate .
The judges appeared to have accepted that explanation and the prosection 's reconstruction of the killing , which also changed during the trial .
This had Sollecito taunting Kercher with one knife while Knox plunged another into her throat .
Mignini suggested it was culmination of a violent game forced on the British student in which she was sexually assaulted by Guede .
The final days of the trial saw media sentiment in Italy shift in favour of the defendants as their lawyers kept up an offensive on the forensic evidence linking them to the crime .
On Thursday , Knox and her former boyfriend both made emotional appeals to the judges to free them , but to no avail .
The US student and the young Italian had spent more than two years in jail waiting to know their fate .
Trials in Italy proceed at a leisurely pace of , at most , two hearings a week and this one took eight months .
SIDNEY — Richard Julien says medical marijuana gave him his life back .
Now he wants to be legal .
Julien , 41 , of Rockford , who said he has hepatitis C and other illnesses , said smoking marijuana daily has allowed him to give up four high - powered prescription painkillers .
“ When I ’m medicated ( with marijuana ) , I feel good .
When I ’m not , I ’m nauseated and I can’t sleep , ” said Julien , one of 50 persons attending a meeting of the Mid Michigan Compassion Club on Thursday .
Since he began smoking marijuana in 2004 , Julien said it has helped him cope with the side effects of the interferon he takes .
It has also helped him control his temper and lose about 100 pounds .
Since the state rules for medical marijuana were released last spring , Julien said he has been ripped off by two persons who signed up to become his legal caregiver .
As the father of two children with a third on the way , Julien said he is hoping to find a reliable source who can legally supply his need for 28 grams every 10 days .
Otherwise , he will grow it at home , he said .
Abraham Scharaswak said he also hopes to find a legal supply to ease his chronic pain and muscle spasms .
PHOTO GALLERY
View a photo gallery
In 2003 , the 27 - year - old Stanton resident said , he broke his neck in four places when he was thrown out of a minivan that rolled over .
He is partially paralyzed and uses a motorized wheelchair .
Marijuana has allowed him to go from 14 prescriptions to five or six , said Schwaraswak , who said he smokes from a pipe four or five times a day .
“ I feel great .
I ’m not drugged down , ” the father of two said .
“ I ’m living a life and that ’s something I was n’t able to do for five years . ”
Toney Smith , of Six Lakes , said marijuana has allowed him to reduce his intake of Vicodin and Neurontin for pain brought on by arthritis and three “ blown ” discs in his back .
Smith , who said he smokes two joints every evening , recently obtained his medical marijuana registration card .
While he may grow his own supply one day , Smith said he currently is supplied “ through people I know . ”
Smith , who is employed as a maintenance man at a Remus manufacturing company , said his employer is aware of his alternative treatment .
He does not smoke before work or during the work day .
“ I want to do everything legal , ” he said .
“ That ’s the whole purpose . ”
E-mail Jim Harger : jharger@grpress.com
If you ’re planning on writing 3D software in Haskell , here are some tips .
A few months ago I was planning on programming a 3D game in Haskell and was browsing the options for a 3D library .
In general , there are a couple of low - level APIs ( OpenGL and Direct3D ) and a few higher - level libraries built on top of those low - level APIs ( OGRE , Irrlicht , and more ) .
Using a low - level API has the known advantages ( fine - grained control ) and disadvantages ( lots of code to write ) .
It turned out that limiting the programming language to Haskell is quite restrictive ; almost all higher - level libraries are intended for using with C++ ( Panda3D being an exception with Python as the intended language ; the library itself is written in C++ , though ) .
So what you need is Haskell bindings for the libraries .
There ’s a Haskell binding for OpenGL , which is used for ( apparently ) all 3D games written in Haskell .
A few months ago it was the only option and , if you ’re doing anything more complicated than rendering a few models in a scene , it still is .
The problem is that binding a C++ library is rather complicated and basically boils down to either writing C code to wrap the C++ interface and then interfacing the C code in Haskell using FFI or automatically generating the C interface ( as well as the Haskell FFI code that wraps it ) .
The latter option was chosen for at least the GUI widget libraries wxHaskell and qtHaskell .
However , a few Haskell bindings for 3D libraries have appeared .
There ’s a very primitive binding to OGRE written by the author of this post ( with examples ) as well as at least a start of a binding to Irrlicht by Peter Althainz .
So there appears to be a bit of activity regarding the use of higher - level 3D libraries in Haskell , which is good news , I guess .
One more note regarding the Haskell bindings for Ogre : you can do some simple things like adding models and a camera , and moving them around , but that ’s about it , since I have n’t really had the motivation or need to provide support for anything else .
The bindings are relatively simple to extend , though , so if you use the bindings and miss a feature , go ahead and let me know .
Even if Google employees have kept mum about Nexus One specifics , ROM hackers have been able to dig deep into the phone 's system files to reveal the list of hardware we can expect from the Nexus One .
The clever folks at These Are The Droids have analyzed the Android 2.1 ROM for the Nexus One and discovered specs for the Nexus One , including a proximity and ambient light sensor , an accelerometer , a magnetic compass , WiFi , a stereo FM speaker , a noise - cancellation chipset , OpenGL ES 2.0 - capable graphics , and references to an auto - focus camera with LED flash .
These are Droids also notes that the ROM 2.1 hints at a Snapdragon processor inside .
The Snapdragon is capable of clock speeds that top 1GHz -- nearly double the processor speed of Motorola 's DROID .
The OpenGL ES 2.0 support should also satisfy gamers , and put the Nexus One on par with the iPhone in terms of graphical power .
Another interesting feature is the purported FM tuner which was also to be included in the Motorola Sholes Tablet specs that leaked out earlier this month ( here 's hoping we get some iPod Nano - style live radio control ! ) .
These Are Droids also reports that the Nexus One will have an 802.11n chipset ( most smart phones currently support 802.11g ) ;
WiFi N may be overkill for this little machine , but at least it will be able to fit nicely into a dedicated Wireless - N environment .
[ These Are The Droids via Wired Gadget Lab and Gizmodo ]
Rfiddler - A SciFi-Gun that works in the real world
Destroys RFID -chips and some electronic devices ( like usb - sticks ) with a hacked 0.6KJ flashunit driving a 50 turn copper spool
Temporarily blinds ( and annoys ) humans with a second flashunit in front
4 - Track MP3 , 2 Watt built - in sound
32 LEDs , 3 AVR ATMega8 , VLSI7000 , 2 7segs
Power consumption 860mA
Mechanical components still working , you can load + fire the gun and the flash will engage ( even with main cpu off , relay trips because of vibration )
Only 500 lines of c-code , total .
zap gun scifi ] Created on 21.12.2009 | Tags [ rfid
Video , zapping a id - card and a hotel key : RFID zapping idea based on an idea from chaos communication congress 2005 .
The mp3-player is a hacked Hama SD CardReaderWriter with MP3 Player ordered from amazon for < 3 Euros .
Chip is a VLSI7000 , you can control it via SPI .
The two 7seg display are directly soldered to a MegaAT8 , similar to this approach .
Orange leds are charlieplexed to PORTB and PORTD , PORTC for the white leds .
Uses software - PWM at ~500 Hz , Interrupt - driven ( SIG_OVERFLOW0 ) via Timer0 / prescale 1024 .
Gun is a Nerf N - Strike Recon CS - 6 a friend gave me ( it was broken ) .
Mine is unmodified and still works , last used in an office - war inculding 40 people .
Flash circuits salvaged from an old Canon Prima 2 Camera ( analog , not needed anymore ) and an old studio flash ( with a gigantic 1 KV / 2800 uF cap ) i found via ebay .
Project cost : ~ 50 € total , including accupack , chips , leds , paint and primer .
I plan to add a ( protected ) RFID reader ( that displays rF on the 7seg on a received packet ) so you can instantly check that your RFID died .
What is where ?
In the scene from AWOL Marines , a sexy and well built marine dressed in fatigues pulls down his pants and begins to jerk off on Bobby ’s bed .
Bobby then comes over and jerks the guy off until he cums .
In the next segment , the guy is back for more – and he fucks Bobby doggy style as he watches porn before jerking off again !
This week at Awol Marines , a husky young marine with a tattoo on his left shoulder gets naked , lubes up , and rubs one out for Bobby as he lays on the bed and watches porn .
Midway through the scene , the guy puts his hands behind his head and he lets Bobby work his dick over !
This recent update from Awol Marines is short but sweet !
As the scene begins , we meet a lean , dark - haired U.S. marine with a light mustache , a big dick , and shoulder tattoos .
The sexy marine strips down to just a white tank top and then puts his hands behind his head in bed and allows Bobby to give him a blowjob .
After the guy shoots his load he cleans up , puts his clothes on , and smokes a cigarette as he chats with Bobby .
In this recent clip from Awol Marines , two horny buddies from the U.S. Marines get turned on while watching porn at Bobby Garcia ’s ’s house and decide to help each other get off !
One of the guys agrees to let his hot buddy ( who clearly seems to love doing it ) suck his dick , and then they swap places !
In the end , the two of them jerk off side by side , and eventually they both unload !
GuysWay is the UK ’s premier online male masseur directory .
Unlike other massage directories , GuysWay specializes strictly in male masseurs .
By narrowing its focus , GuysWay has been able to become the very best in its class .
From the site design and user interface to the detailed masseur profiles and innovative new features , GuysWay manages to get everything right .
GuysWay was created by an experienced U.K. Masseur who understood the needs of both masseurs and clients .
His goal was to create a safe and secure platform for male masseurs to promote themselves , and an online directory that would put all the info clients needed right at their fingertips .
On the GuysWay homepage , the site uses your browser ’s location services data to showcase some of the most well reviewed masseurs who are near you , and one click takes you directly to their profiles .
If you ’d like to do a more comprehensive search , the homepage features an easy search box where you can select your city from a dropdown menu and / or enter your city name or postal code .
One click and then you ’ll be browsing the male masseurs in your area .
When there are a lot of search results , you can use filters to narrow them down .
When there are a lot of search results , you can use filters to narrow them down by type of massage , the masseur ’s body type , and the masseur ’s availability .
It ’s a great system that offers both simplicity and flexibility .
Some of the innovative features that add polish to GuysWay include photo galleries in the profiles , detailed masseur bios , a built - in email form you can use to reach each masseur , and a red bookmark that lets you add any masseur to a personal favorites list .
If you do n’t have time to search profiles , you can also post a Request describing what you ’re looking for and then masseurs in your area who match the description can contact you .
After you create a free client account at GuysWay , you can also read and post masseur reviews .
If you live in the U.K. and you ’re looking for a male masseur in your area , GuysWay is your best resource .
Elliott Abrams and ' Neocon-ing ' Obama
For the eight years of the Bush - II administration , a key behind - the - scenes architect of U.S. strategy in the Middle East was Elliott Abrams , a neoconservative whose devotion to Israel is hard to overstate – and who is now engaged in what looks like a PR campaign to bend Barack Obama ’s Mideast policies in the direction favored by Israel ’s hard - line Likud government .
Email
Printer friendly
However , unlike many neocons , Abrams has been surprisingly frank about his devotion to Israel as a Jewish state .
He has even expressed resentment toward Christians who hold nuanced views about Israel or who show sympathy for the Palestinians uprooted from their ancestral homes .
In 1997 , Abrams published a book entitled , Fear or Faith : How Jews Can Survive in a Christian America , which explained his strong commitment to Zionism ; chastised Jews who marry Christians ; and lashed out at American Christians for what he regarded as their insufficient support for Israel .
“ Where Catholics and mainline Protestants still fall short is in their failure to understand the relationship of most Jews to Israel , ” Abrams wrote .
He singled out a 1990 statement by the United Church of Christ that Abrams asserted “ was remarkably ungenerous when it came to Israel . ”
Abrams cited a passage in the statement in which the Protestant church expressed sympathy for Jews who had suffered centuries of persecution but also noted disagreement among its members about whether Jews had a special claim on the Holy Land because of the supposed covenant with God described in the Jewish Torah ( the first five books of the Old Testament ) .
“ We appreciate the compelling moral argument for the creation of modern Israel as a vehicle for self - determination and as a haven for a victimized people , ” the United Church of Christ statement said , before tempering that sentiment with sympathy for Palestinians .
“ We also recognize that this event has entailed the dispossession of Palestinians from their homes and the denial of human rights , ” the church statement said .
Abrams objected to this placing of Israeli and Palestinian concerns in the same passage , what neoconservatives often decry as “ moral equivalence . ”
“ Indeed , ” Abrams wrote , “ at some points the statement referred to ‘ the State of Israel - Palestine ’ and used the term ‘ uprising ’ to refer to Arab activities most Israelis see as terrorist violence against them .
This was at best a dry evenhandedness and conveyed no sense of joy at contemplating Israel restored . ”
Abrams also criticized the Lutherans and the Presbyterians .
“ In fact , one can search very long among mainline Protestants statements to find a sympathetic word about Israel , ” he wrote .
By contrast , he cited favorably a comment by Rabbi Mordecai Waxman , who declared : “ The existence , significance , and meaning of the State of Israel to the Jewish people cannot be overestimated .
In the Jewish theological and religious assessment the State represents a fulfillment of Jewish history , a validation of the ongoing covenant [ with God ] , and the major creative response to the Holocaust . …
“ Christians apparently cannot share this vision nor the psychology and history which have created it . ”
Another key point of Fear or Faith is Abrams ’s concern that the survival of the Jewish community in the United States is threatened by intermarriage with non-Jews .
He admonished American Jews who marry outside the faith , a criticism that has angered some American Jews who have non-Jewish spouses .
Abrams ’s surprisingly frank statements about how his Jewish religion and his ardent support of Israel color his opinions and his attitudes toward Christians invite questions about his objectivity as a senior U.S. government policymaker dealing with the Middle East and now a prominent analyst at the influential Council on Foreign Relations .
Rear - Guard Battle Since the end of George W. Bush ’s administration , Abrams and other neocons have been fighting a spirited rear - guard battle against any Obama initiative that seeks major concessions from Israel to promote a peace deal with the Palestinians .
Indeed , the neocons appear to be especially eager to divert Obama ’s attention onto Iran and away from Israel .
Rather than continued pressure on Israel ’s hard - line Likud Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Abrams is urging “ a new approach ” that would remove the emphasis on Israeli - Palestinian peace talks and instead focus on “ countering the designs of spoilers of the peace efforts . ”
In a fall 2009 article , “ Spoilers : The End of the Peace Process , ” co-authored with Michael Singh , Abrams identified the “ chief ” spoiler as Iran .
“ By fomenting instability in the Levant , and putting Arab leaders who want a settlement on the defensive with accusations of collaboration , Tehran distracts Israel and weakens the Sunni Arab states that have dominated the region during the last half century , ” the Abrams - Singh article stated .
Abrams recommended bringing heavy pressure on Iran “ to prevent it from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability , thus heading off a Middle East arms race that would multiply the region ’s troubles and Israel ’s insecurities . ”
( Abrams makes no reference to Israel ’s undeclared nuclear arsenal , which is considered one the most sophisticated in the world . )
Abrams ’s position meshes smoothly with Netanyahu ’s interest in relieving pressure from the Obama administration on Israel while ratcheting up international condemnation of Iran .
“ It is frequently asserted that progress in resolving the Israeli - Palestinian conflict will bolster the effort to negotiate Tehran out of its nukes , but this puts the cart before the horse , ” Abrams and Singh wrote .
“ Iran has no real interest in the Palestinian issue and merely manipulates it to advance its own interests . ”
Abrams and Singh said the real concern should be over “ Iran ’s nuclear and hegemonic ambitions . ”
In essence , it appears that Abrams wants the Obama administration to extend George W. Bush ’s hawkish policies toward any Islamic nation or group considered militantly anti-Israel .
“ Concerted multilateral action must be taken against terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas , ” the Abrams - Singh article said .
“ Because they masquerade as political parties , the West is increasingly tempted to engage these groups or to treat as separate entities their military and political ‘ wings . ’ …
“ Syria ’s role is most important , and the United States , Israel , and their allies must compel the Assad regime to choose between Iran and the international community .
Confronting Damascus with this choice will require a level of fortitude from the United States and European countries beyond anything they have mustered in the past . ”
Demographic Worries Abrams also expressed demographic concerns about Jews maintaining their numerical dominance in Israel – similar to his alarms in Fear or Faith about the Jewish people surviving in the United States .
“ Demographic trends in the region pose stark choices for both sides , ” the Abrams - Singh article said , noting that the Palestinian population has more than doubled in less than two decades and “ is growing half again as fast as the Israeli population .
…
Many Israelis have concluded from these developments that for Israel to remain a democratic Jewish state , it must separate from the Palestinians and allow them their own state .
“ But some Palestinians have reached the opposite conclusion . …
Why accept a Palestinian state that would be divided into two parts , the West Bank and Gaza , contain some Jewish settlements , consist of only 6,000 square kilometers , and lack resources ?
Why not push for a single unified state ? ”
So , for Abrams , the chief goals of a two - state solution would be to confine the Palestinians to a tiny , disjointed area of the West Bank and Gaza while ensuring that the Jewish state of Israel gets Jerusalem , some choice lands on the West Bank where settlements already are located , and nearly all of its pre-1967 territory , except for some undesirable land that might be traded away for the West Bank settlements .
Abrams worries about a shift in sentiment among the Palestinians toward a multi-ethnic state living under an American - style separation - of - church - and - state principle , and embracing the democratic ideal of one person one vote .
That might lead to “ the state of Israel - Palestine ” that so riled Abrams in his book .
Though Abrams and other neocons deny that their strong sympathy for Israel has influenced their judgments as U.S. officials and opinion leaders regarding the Middle East , there can be little doubt that neocon policies have consistently dovetailed with the hard - line Likudniks who have dominated Israeli politics for the past three decades .
Those shared interests were especially obvious during George W. Bush ’s administration when Abrams and other neocons held key positions in the national security bureaucracy , especially inside the Pentagon and in Vice President Dick Cheney ’s office .
Though the 1990 - 91 Persian Gulf War and follow - on sanctions had reduced Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq to Third World status , the neocons still viewed the regime as a cornerstone of Arab opposition to Israel ’s occupation of Palestinian territories .
Iraq also sat geographically between Iran and Syria , two Muslim countries that supported Lebanon ’s Hezbollah militias , which had fought Israel ’s occupation of south Lebanon , and Hamas , which had led the Intifada uprisings against Israel ’s military control of Gaza and the West Bank .
Since the Clinton administration , leading neocons – through William Kristol ’s Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) – had pressed for “ regime change ” in Iraq , but the 9/11 attacks finally made that possible .
On Sept. 20 , 2001 , with the remains of New York ’s Twin Towers still smoldering , PNAC urged Bush to remove any Middle East regime or movement that was hostile to Israel or the United States , with the invasion of Iraq only the first move in this strategy .
The next would be elimination of regimes in Iran and Syria if they continued to support Israel ’s enemies in Lebanon and Palestine .
Beyond removing Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq , Bush should “ demand that Iran and Syria immediately cease all military , financial and political support for Hezbollah and its operations , ” said the letter signed by Kristol , editor of The Weekly Standard , and 40 other neocons and allies .
The signers then added : “ Should Iran and Syria refuse to comply , the administration should consider appropriate measures of retaliation against these known state sponsors of terrorism . ”
And , the Bush administration was told to spare no expense in this endeavor .
“ A serious and victorious war on terrorism will require a large increase in defense spending , ” said the letter .
“ We urge that there be no hesitation in requesting whatever funds for defense are needed to allow us to win this war . ”
Attacking Afghanistan
However , first , the Bush administration had to at least make a show of going after Osama bin Laden and other al - Qaeda leaders judged responsible for killing nearly 3,000 Americans on 9/11 – and those targets were in Afghanistan living under the protection of the Taliban .
So , in October 2001 , Bush ordered an attack against Afghanistan , though committing few regular U.S. troops and relying mostly on air power along with CIA officers and U.S. Special Forces on the ground coordinating with Afghan warlords opposed to the Taliban .
The initial phase of the Afghan War went smoothly .
Taliban forces crumbled under the massive U.S. aerial bombardments and abandoned the capital of Kabul .
Soon , bin Laden and his top lieutenants were fleeing to their old base camps in the mountains of Tora Bora , near the Pakistani border .
The small team of American pursuers believed they had bin Laden trapped and called for reinforcements to seal off possible escape routes to Pakistan and to mount assaults on al - Qaeda ’s mountain strongholds , according to a recent analysis of the Tora Bora battle by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
But Bush and neocon advisers already had turned their attention to Iraq .
Instead of staying focused on capturing bin Laden and destroying al - Qaeda , Central Command Gen. Tommy Franks was instructed to begin planning for an invasion of Iraq .
The Senate report said : “ On November 21 , 2001 , President Bush put his arm on Defense Secretary [ Donald ]
Rumsfeld as they were leaving a National Security Council meeting at the White House .
‘ I need to see you , ’ the president said .
It was 72 days after the 9/11 attacks and just a week after the fall of Kabul .
But Bush already had new plans . ”
Citing Bob Woodward ’s book , Plan of Attack , the Senate report quoted Bush as asking Rumsfeld , “ What kind of war plan do you have for Iraq ? ”
In an interview with Woodward , Bush recalled instructing Rumsfeld to “ get Tommy Franks looking at what it would take to protect America by removing Saddam Hussein if we have to . ”
In his memoir , American General , Franks said he got a phone call from Rumsfeld on Nov. 21 , after the Defense Secretary had met with the President , and was told about Bush ’s interest in an updated Iraq war plan .
At the time , Franks said he was in his office at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida working with one of his aides on arranging air support for the Afghan militia who were under the guidance of the U.S. Special Forces in charge of the assault on bin Laden ’s Tora Bora stronghold .
Franks told Rumsfeld that the Iraq war plan was out of date , prompting the Defense Secretary to instruct Franks to “ dust it off and get back to me in a week . ”
“ For critics of the Bush administration ’s commitment to Afghanistan , ” the Senate report noted , “ the shift in focus just as Franks and his senior aides were literally working on plans for the attacks on Tora Bora represents a dramatic turning point that allowed a sustained victory in Afghanistan to slip through our fingers .
Almost immediately , intelligence and military planning resources were transferred to begin planning the next war in Iraq . ”
Losing Bin Laden
The CIA and Special Forces teams , calling for reinforcements to finish off bin Laden and al - Qaeda , “ did not know what was happening back at CentCom , the drain in resources and shift in attention would affect them and the future course of the U.S. campaign in Afghanistan , ” the Senate report said .
Henry Crumpton , who was in charge of the CIA ’s Afghan strategy , made direct appeals to Franks to move more than 1,000 Marines to Tora Bora to block escape routes to Pakistan .
But the CentCom commander rebuffed the request , citing logistical and time problems , the report said .
“ At the end of November , Crumpton went to the White House to brief President Bush and Vice President [ Dick ]
Cheney and repeated the message that he had delivered to Franks , ” the report said .
“ Crumpton warned the president that the Afghan campaign ’s primary goal of capturing bin Laden was in jeopardy because of the military ’s reliance on Afghan militias at Tora Bora . …
“ Crumpton questioned whether the Pakistani forces would be able to seal off the escape routes and pointed out that the promised Pakistani troops had not arrived yet . ”
But the Iraq - obsessed Bush still did n’t act .
Finally , in mid-December , the small U.S. Special Forces team convinced the Afghan militia fighters to undertake a sweep of the mountainous terrain , but they found it largely deserted .
The Senate report said bin Laden and his bodyguards apparently departed Tora Bora on Dec. 16 , 2001 , adding : “ With help from Afghans and Pakistanis who had been paid in advance , the group made its way on foot and horseback across the mountain passes and into Pakistan without encountering any resistance .
“ The Special Operations Command history ( of the Afghan invasion ) noted that there were not enough U.S. troops to prevent the escape , acknowledging that the failure to capture or kill … bin Laden made Tora Bora a controversial battle . ”
Bush , however , was following the advice of Washington ’s influential neocons who considered Afghanistan essentially a sideshow with the main event awaiting in Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East , in defeating Israel ’s enemies .
So , U.S. forces in Afghanistan had to make do with the limited attention of Washington while the Bush administration whipped up public support for attacking Iraq .
Even as bin Laden apparently found safety in Pakistan – and al - Qaeda and the Taliban began to regroup along the Afghan border – the neocons focused on selling an invasion of Iraq .
Turning on Iraq
The neocons , especially at the Pentagon and inside Vice President Cheney ’s office , fabricated the case against Iraq based on bogus claims about weapons of mass destruction and Iraq 's alleged ties to al - Qaeda .
Then , with many Americans believing that Saddam Hussein possessed stockpiles of WMD and was sharing them with al - Qaeda , Bush and the neocons found it easy to stampede the Congress into passing a use - of - force resolution .
The few people who did speak up against the rush to war were either ignored or ridiculed in venues like the Washington Post .
Bush launched the Iraq invasion on March 19 , 2003 , and the neocons were thrilled when the U.S. military was able to defeat the Iraqi army in only three weeks .
Cable pundit Chris Matthews spoke for many Washington insiders when he declared in awestruck tones , “ we ’re all neocons now . ”
With their confidence unbridled , the neocons chose to make the ancient land of Iraq a test tube for free - market nation - building .
The neocons rejected plans for a quick election , favoring instead a U.S. - appointed Iraqi Governing Council and a long U.S. military stay .
The goal was to ensure that the new Iraq would be a reliable ally of the United States and Israel in the heart of the Arab world .
Through their chosen viceroy , Paul Bremer , the neocons also cashiered the Iraqi army and fired government bureaucrats who had belonged to Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party .
Young American neocons arrived to lecture Iraqis on how to form a new government .
But the occupation did n’t go as smoothly as the neocons had expected .
Before long , Iraq was torn by a bloody insurgency and was split along bitter sectarian lines .
The ultimate cost of the neocon folly has been more than 4,300 U.S. soldiers dead , along with estimates of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis killed , and $ 1 trillion or so of taxpayer money squandered .
Because of the Iraq calamity , other elements of the neocon vision of remaking the Middle East were put on hold , though the neocons enthusiastically supported Israel ’s military assaults on Hezbollah inside Lebanon in 2006 and on Hamas - ruled Gaza in late 2008 .
The neocons also have n’t yet given up on the idea of a military strike against Iran .
Yet , looking back at the failures of the Bush administration ’s Middle East policies , two troubling characteristics about the neocons stand out – a lack of empathy for people not like them ( i.e. the Iraqis , Afghanis , etc. ) and a stunning lack of realism .
Like classic armchair warriors , they act as if their theoretical constructs do n’t have to be measured against empirical evidence , nor tempered by practicality , nor moderated by concerns about the loss of human life .
Central American Carnage
This also was a characteristic of the neocons who first emerged as important players during the Reagan administration ’s brush - fire wars in Central America .
In those conflicts , tens of thousands of Salvadorans , Guatemalans , Nicaraguans and others perished at the hands of U.S. - backed military forces – and again Elliott Abrams , as assistant secretary of state for human rights and later for Latin America , was at the center of the carnage .
In the early 1980s , as a reporter for The Associated Press , I had a get - to - know - you meeting with Abrams at his State Department human rights office .
At the time , a right - wing military government in El Salvador was slaughtering hundreds of workers , peasants and students a month , often dumping their mutilated bodies in trash heaps or along roads .
When I pressed Abrams about these human rights crimes being committed by a regime that was getting U.S. military assistance , Abrams responded that he considered the human rights conditions worse in Nicaragua although the leftist Sandinista government had engaged in nothing like the political killings underway in El Salvador .
Abrams argued that the Sandinistas ’ infringements on freedom of the press in restricting La Prensa , a Managua - based newspaper that was known to be collaborating with U.S. efforts to destabilize Nicaragua , was a far worse human rights crime than what was occurring in El Salvador .
I left Abrams ’s office stunned that the Reagan administration ’s point man on human rights had such a callous disregard for the butchery in El Salvador .
Abrams ’s hawkish zeal eventually led him to engage in outright lying about the secret operations that became known as the Iran - Contra scandal .
He ultimately pled guilty to misleading Congress , but had his slate wiped clean when President George H.W. Bush pardoned him on Christmas Eve 1992 .
Abrams reemerged eight years later when Bush ’s son was putting together a new Republican administration .
Abrams became deputy national security adviser with chief responsibility for Middle East policy .
He was in the perfect position to turn the neocon dreams for the Middle East into a bloody reality .
Ironically , Abrams and the neocons , who wanted the U.S. government to shift its attention from Afghanistan to the Arab world in 2001 and 2002 , now -- with Obama in the White House and Israelis fearing that he might pressure them into making major concessions for a peace deal -- want Obama to refocus America ’s attention on Afghanistan and Iran , anywhere but Israel .
Bashing Obama
Over the past year , Abrams has joined influential neocon columnists in bashing Obama for putting renewed pressure on Israel for a peace deal .
By fall 2009 , key neocons also were baiting Obama to escalate the war in Afghanistan .
Washington
Post neocon columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote an Oct. 9 , 2009 , column entitled “ Young Hamlet ’s Agony ” accusing Obama of cynical dithering .
“ Obama agonizes publicly as the world watches , ” Krauthammer said .
Krauthammer also made clear that the neocons had n’t given up on their grandiose vision of a permanent American military dominance astride the globe , whatever the cost .
In an Oct. 19 article for The Weekly Standard , entitled “ Decline Is a Choice : The New Liberalism and the End of American Ascendancy , ” Krauthammer demanded that the United States resist the temptation to withdraw from its status of global hegemon .
“ Heavy are the burdens of the hegemon , ” Krauthammer wrote .
“ After the blood and treasure expended in the post - 9/11 wars , America is quite ready to ease its burden with a gentle descent into abdication and decline .
“ Decline is a choice .
More than a choice , a temptation .
How to resist it ?
First , accept our role as hegemon .
And reject those who deny its essential benignity . ”
Abrams added his voice to the neocon chorus portraying Obama as dangerously naïve and lacking a moral compass .
In a National Review article on Nov. 10 , entitled “ Dazed and Confused , ” Abrams wrote that he discovered during a trip to Israel in late October that “ Israelis of all political hues confessed that they were amazed , perplexed , and confused by the policy ” of the Obama administration .
“ American policy under Obama has aligned itself in a curious and possibly unintended way with the worst elements of Arab policy , ” Abrams wrote .
“ Like that of the Arabs , it is cold toward Israel : Despite several visits to the region , the president has skipped Israel , and the White House ’s aloofness toward Netanyahu is obvious . ”
[ Abrams did n’t mention that Obama made a high - profile visit to Israel during the presidential election campaign last year . ]
Calling for the firing of Obama ’s Middle East envoy George Mitchell , Abrams also blamed Obama ’s policies for the widespread condemnation of Israel ’s assault on Gaza a year ago , which was the subject of the recent Goldstone Report , accusing the Israeli military of war crimes for its indiscriminate attacks on civilians .
“ As a result , ‘ world opinion ’ toward Israel has gone from cool to frigid — in Europe especially , ” Abrams lamented .
“ Denunciations of Israel , not to mention efforts to prevent Israeli officials from speaking on campuses and indeed to jail them if they come to Europe . …
“ The cause is clear : As the United States , Israel ’s closest friend , has backed away from Israel since the Obama inauguration , Europeans have backed even farther .
They have seen the American coolness as license , indeed encouragement , to excoriate the Jewish state , and have enthusiastically done so . ”
Tea with Dictators
In a Nov. 30 article entitled " People Not Placards , " Abrams broadened his assault on Obama calling the President ’s efforts to talk with adversaries a foolhardy attempt to “ engage , apologize , avoid friction , be humble , reach out to previously scorned tyrannical regimes . ”
Abrams complained that Obama ’s “ multilateral diplomacy means small talk with torturers , tea with dictators , negotiations with regimes that survive through sheer brutal repression – and it means putting such unpleasant facts aside to gather U.N. votes and seek consensus . ”
Abrams left out that in the 1980s he himself coddled Central American dictators responsible for mass murder and arranged weapons for Nicaraguan contras who engaged in acts of terrorism .
Nor did Abrams mention that he just left an administration that practiced torture against Muslims in the “ war on terror , ” with his colleagues on the National Security Council virtually choreographing the near drowning of waterboarding , sleep deprivation , beatings and painful stress positions .
Despite Abrams ’s contempt for Obama ’s supposed “ dithering , ” some neocons feel their pressure tactics have succeeded in getting Obama to escalate the war in Afghanistan and to give a Bush - style speech – albeit with much better grammar – before the Nobel Peace Prize committee .
During the Peace Prize acceptance speech on Dec. 10 , Obama slipped six decades of violent excesses in U.S. foreign policy behind the five - word phrase “ whatever mistakes we have made ” and followed that by asserting the overarching morality of U.S. military interventions .
In describing U.S. concerns about nuclear arms , Obama accused Iran and North Korea of doing what they could to “ game the system , ” adding that “ those who care for their own security cannot ignore the danger of an arms race in the Middle East or East Asia .
Those who seek peace cannot stand idly by as nations arm themselves for nuclear war . ”
However , Obama made no mention of Israel ’s undeclared nuclear weapons arsenal – or for that matter , the secret a - bomb programs of U.S. allies , Pakistan and India .
“ The shift in rhetoric at Oslo was striking , ” observed neocon theorist Robert Kagan in a Washington Post op - ed on Dec. 13 .
“ Gone was the vaguely left - revisionist language that flavored earlier speeches , highlighting the low points of American global leadership -- the coups and ill - considered wars -- and low - balling the highlights , such as the Cold War triumph . ”
Abrams has yet to join his former State Department colleague , Kagan , in popping champagne corks in celebration of the neocon - izing of Barack Obama , but Abrams and the neocons clearly have reason to celebrate that they have blunted any serious Obama pressure on Israel to accommodate the Palestinians in a Middle East peace accord .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Writing in Newsweek , NBC ' anchor Brian Williams suggests that Jon Stewart and The Daily Show have had a profound influence on television news in general and his own newscast in particular .
" On occasion , when we 've been on the cusp of doing something completely inane on NBC Nightly News , I will gently suggest to my colleagues that we simply courier the tape over to Jon 's office , to spare the Daily Show interns the time and trouble of logging our broadcast that night .
That usually gets us to rethink the inane segment we were planning on airing , " he writes .
Williams says that Stewart has added " another step " to the process of producing a newscast " Being held to account for our faults by a comedy show with a sharp eye and a sharp tongue . "
20/11/2009
Cumbrian market towns bear brunt of heavy rain and strong winds Press Association
Bill Barker , the police officer who was swept away when a bridge collapsed in Workington , Cumbria following the severe flooding .
Photograph : Cumbria Constabulary / PA
A policeman swept away during devastating flooding was trying to save lives by directing motorists off a bridge across a swollen river .
PC Bill Barker , who would have been 45 tomorrow , was praised by the prime minister , Gordon Brown , as a " very heroic , very brave man " .
His body , still in uniform , was found on a beach today .
The father of four went missing after a bridge in Workington collapsed amid what the local MP described as the kind of flooding seen only " once every 1,000 years " .
Barker went missing when Northside bridge , on one of the main routes into Workington , collapsed at about 4.40 am .
It is one of two bridges to have collapsed in the town , where conditions are described as " extremely dangerous " after torrential rain caused rivers to burst their banks .
Assistant Chief Constable Jerry Graham said : " He was directing motorists off the bridge , saving lives , when the tragic incident occurred . "
Cumbria police Chief Constable Craig Mackey said Barker had served with the force for 25 years and described him as " a wonderful police officer and a real family man " .
" Bill is a hero who died saving the lives of others and our thoughts are with his family at this devastating time , " said Mackey .
" He was a much - loved friend , colleague and an inspiration to everyone he knew – he will be sadly missed . "
Barker 's wife , Hazel , said he was her " best friend , my forever friend , and an amazing dad " .
" I have the comfort of knowing that Bill died doing the job he loved , and the fact that he was helping others is just typical Bill , " she said .
Brown said : " He was a very heroic , very brave man who will be sorely missed by everybody who was close to him .
" I think we owe him a tremendous debt of gratitude for the service he has shown . "
Severe flooding has caused the evacuation of hundreds of people in Cumbria , which saw record levels of rainfall .
The Environment Agency 's gauging station at Seathwaite Farm recorded 314 mm in the 24 hours up to 12.45 am – a record for England .
More than 200 people were forced to leave their homes in Cockermouth .
Twenty - five people were still being winched to safety in the area , where both rivers had burst their banks and were running through the town , Cumbria police said .
Chief Superintendent Steve Johnson said : " We currently have helicopters taking people from Derwent Mills , where we have 25 people between the age of 85 and two years of age who have been sheltering there overnight .
" We still ca n't get to them through the floodwaters so they are now being rescued making use of helicopters .
" Some of them are infirm , some of them are vulnerable and they need medication and they need help . "
The armed forces were called in to help emergency services cope .
Police said all but 10 properties in Cockermouth had been searched with no further casualties found .
Police and armed forces were trying to reach the remaining buildings .
Residents said they feared more rain tonight would bring renewed flooding .
Alan Smith said : " The thing with the River Cocker is it can fall as quickly as it can rise .
" It 's come down four feet from last night but the fells are sodden , and if we get any more rain it will just come straight off and into the river and the level will rise again . "
The Environment Agency said Cockermouth and Keswick had been hit the hardest .
Its Floodline service has received more than 12,000 calls from members of the public over the last 48 hours and issued more than 43,000 flood alerts via phone , text , email and fax .
" We have seen unprecedented rainfall , with what we believe is a record amount for a 24 - hour period in England , " said the agency chairman , Lord Smith .
" Towns and villages across Cumbria have been evacuated with floodwater driven by heavy rainfall , saturated ground and swollen rivers . "
The Workington MP , Tony Cunningham , said the flooding was " of biblical proportions " and on a scale seen " once every 1,000 years " .
He told Sky News : " The scale and the force of the devastation in Cockermouth is huge .
" I went down to the bridge last night and I 've never seen the river Derwent as wide as it was .
The force of the river was absolutely incredible .
This is a stone bridge ; to wash away a bridge of that size and dimension is incredible . "
Emergency 999 calls made from some flood - hit areas were not getting through , the police said .
People in Workington , Cleator Moor and Harrington were advised to call 0845 330 0247 to reach all emergency services .
Police have opened a casualty bureau to deal with concerned members of the public seeking news of friends and relatives .
People are advised to call 0800 056 0944 or 0207 158 0010 .
Does one need to reject the material world in order to be spiritual ?
Can we be materially rich and also spiritual ?
Spirituality is not about shunning this world , but it is about participating in this world with the right intentions .
God has made this wonderful world for human beings to enjoy , explore and cherish .
We should not allow our materialistic desires to overpower us , but rather use the material world for a higher purpose .
The above comic highlights this message .
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
One of the most important films in the history of psychiatry , depicting treatment of ‘ shell shocked ’
British soldiers during World War One , has just been made freely available online by UK medical charity the Wellcome Trust who are currently releasing lots of their archive footage .
The film was made by Sir Arthur Hurst in 1917 when large numbers of soldiers with ‘ shell shock ’ , later to be called ‘ war neurosis ’ , were returning from the front – in this case to a make - shift military hospital in South Devon , England , which was previously an agricultural college .
Time and time again you ’ll read in news articles that post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) is the new name for what used to be called ‘ shell shock ’ but this is false and you can easily see why in the film .
The most prominent symptoms of the World War One patients are ‘ hysterical ’ symptoms .
These are symptoms that appear to be due to nervous system damage ( such as paralysis , tremor or blindness , to name but a few ) despite the fact that it is possible to demonstrate that the parts of the nervous system involved in the seemingly impaired ability are working perfectly fine .
A long - standing idea is that these impairment are caused by the subconscious mind ‘ converting ’ emotional distress into physical symptoms , but there is little good evidence to say whether this is likely or not .
These conditions are now diagnosed as ‘ conversion disorder ‘ or ‘ dissociative disorder ‘ and , while it is accepted that trauma may play a role in triggering them it is not a requirement .
This makes it quite different from PTSD , which requires the patient to have experienced a traumatic event and that includes symptoms of hyperarousal ( feeling ‘ on edge ’ ) , having intrusive memories of the event , and avoiding reminders of the trauma .
As we ’ve discussed before on Mind Hacks , PTSD was a direct result of the Vietnam war ( indeed , it was originally called ‘ post - Vietnam ’ syndrome ) and was partly introduced as a way of allowing veterans to get treatment for their war - trauma - related psychiatric difficulties .
The 1917 film was hugely important because it unequivocally showed to a wide audience that mental stress could lead to dramatic physical difficulties , highlighting the importance of psychiatry which was often considered to be a ‘ second rate ’ medical speciality .
It is also an important historical document because it shows some dramatic symptoms that rarely appear in such a stark form and also outlines the treatments of the day .
The first patient seen is Pte. Meek , age 23 .
He has complete retrograde amnesia , hysterical paralysis , contractures , mutism and universal anaesthesia .
There is a shot of him in a wheelchair with a nurse , and the intertitles explain that he is completely unaware of the efforts to overcome the rigidity of his ankles , and a man is seen trying to bend his feet .
He had a sudden recovery of memory nine months later , with gradual recovery of body functions .
Seven months after this we see him teaching basket - making , which was his peacetime job .
Two and a half years after onset he makes a complete recovery , and there is a shot of him running up and down stairs waving his arms .
The next patient is Pte. Preston , who has amnesia , word blindness and word deafness , except to the word ‘ bombs ’ , and his response to this is shown .
When a doctor says ‘ bombs ’ , he dives under a bed .
Pte Ross Smith is also seen , who has a facial spasm .
The spasm ceases under hypnosis , but return on waking .
He has a lateral tremor of the head , treatment being relaxation and passive movements .
There is a shot of him lying in bed having his head moved around .
You can watch the film at the Wellcome website , or they ’ve uploaded it as five parts to YouTube .
The first part is here and you can click through the rest .
Link to film and info from the Wellcome Trust .
Link to first part on YouTube .
Before the Internet exploded , there were only a handful of places your modem could dial and connect to .
For me , it was either the local University to access the Gopher system , or the local BBS .
Later on , I ran my own BBS for a while and became somewhat familiar with the software that was out there for running a bulletin board system .
That was when I first heard about MajorBBS .
MajorBBS was one of the best and most advanced BBS systems available .
A true taste of what the future would be like when it came to online computing .
Wikipedia has a nice ( albeit short ) history of Major BBS and the guy who created it , Tim Stryker .
It is a sad tale of the Internet killing the BBS star , but it is a story worth telling .
A nostalgic tale about the glory days of the Internet frontier , and the casualties that paved the way for the mighty Information Superhighway .
This is the kind of stuff that should be made into movies for us nerds .
When the Internet train came to town , it left a few pioneers behind .
A programmer who claims he produced software that detected hidden terrorist messages in Al Jazeera broadcasts was apparently responsible for a false alert in 2003 that grounded international flights .
The 2003 incident raised the government ’s security level , according to a remarkable story published by Playboy .
The developer also allegedly faked software demonstrations and conned the Pentagon into investing in a program that fellow workers suspect never existed or could n’t do what the developer claimed .
In December 2003 , DHS secretary Tom Ridge announced a terror alert based on intelligence from " credible sources " about imminent attacks that " could either rival or exceed what we experienced on September 11 . "
Dozens of French , British and Mexican commercial " flights of interest " were canceled , and news agencies were reporting that the threats extended to " power plants , dams and even oil facilities in Alaska . "
Playboy says the source of the intelligence was never revealed publicly .
But the evidence points to Dennis Montgomery , who had convinced the government that Al Jazeera – the Qatari - owned TV network – was unwittingly transmitting attack orders to Al Qaeda sleeper cells concealed in video it broadcast .
Montgomery claimed he decoded the orders using a program developed by his four - year - old Las Vegas firm , eTreppid Technologies .
The software found hidden bar codes in Al Jazeera videos that contained latitudes , longitudes , flight numbers and dates for planes being targeted for attacks , he reportedly claimed .
He fed the information to a CIA employee at the agency 's Directorate of Science and Technology , who passed it up to CIA Director George Tenet , who in turn passed it to the White House .
" [ Tom ] Ridge 's announcement , the canceled flights and the holiday disruptions were all the results of Montgomery 's mysterious doings , " the Playboy article asserts .
Over the next few years Montgomery 's intelligence wound its way through the Department of Homeland Security , the Pentagon , the Senate Intelligence Committee and even Vice President Dick Cheney 's office .
But aside from Tenet and a few others , Playboy reports , no one actually knew the information was supposedly gleaned from messages hidden in video broadcasts .
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks , the government was searching feverishly for any information or tools that would help deter additional attacks , and was willing to throw millions of dollars at any prospector who asserted he had a solution .
It was this environment that helped Montgomery convince officials at DHS and elsewhere that he was able to detect hidden messages in video that no one else was able to see .
When one CIA officer finally learned the source of the information his agency was being fed , he says he was livid .
" I was told to shut up , " he told Playboy .
" I was saying , ‘ This is crazy .
This is embarrassing .’. . .
I said , ‘ Give us the algorithms that allowed you to come up with this stuff . ’
They would n’t even do that .
And I was screaming , ‘ You gave these people fucking money ? ’ ”
Frances Townsend , a Homeland Security adviser to President George W. Bush , admits to the magazine that the bar code idea sounded far - fetched , but said the government had no choice but to pursue the leads Montgomery passed them .
“ It did n’t seem beyond the realm of possibility , ” she said .
“ We were relying on technical people to tell us whether or not it was feasible .
I do n’t regret having acted on it . ”
It was a branch of the French intelligence services that finally helped convince the U.S. government in 2004 that the bar codes were fake after they and the CIA commissioned another company to try to detect the messages and were unable to uncover anything .
But by then Montgomery was already making headway with other software claims .
His company got a contract with the Air Force to handle video shot by unmanned Predator drones .
He claimed his program could recognize weapons in the surveillance video .
In 2004 the U.S. Special Operations Command reportedly gave his company a $ 30 million no - bid contract for “ compression ” and “ automatic target recognition ” technology .
Montgomery even got a security clearance .
But a former worker told Playboy that he had helped fake some 40 demonstrations of the software .
In January , 2006 Montgomery left the company over disputes with one of his business partners and investors .
The company claims the software disappeared and the source code was wiped out when Montgomery left .
Hard drives that supposedly stored backup copies of the programs turned out to contain nothing .
Montgomery has been called a “ habitual liar engaged in fraud " by one of his former attorneys and was charged in Las Vegas with bouncing nine checks in the amount of $ 1 million in September 2008 .
He was arrested on a felony warrant in California .
Montgomery and his former partner sued each other over various claims .
When Montgomery named the Department of Defense as a defendant in his suit , Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte intervened and invoked the state secrets privilege , claiming the suit could result in “ serious , and in some cases exceptionally grave , damage to the national security of the United States . ”
Montgomery went on to find another patron - investor in the form of Edra Blixseth , wife of billionaire Tim Blixseth .
He began receiving checks through various businesses connected to the Blixseths and their main company , Blxware , for developing software .
The FBI began investigating Montgomery , but this did n't stop the National Security Agency from discussing work on a project for that agency in 2007 .
He apparently requested $ 4 million to develop software for them .
Playboy does n't say what happened with that deal , but this year Montgomery was able to pawn his technology off on a new federal customer – the U.S. Air Force .
The agency reportedly signed a contract to pay $ 3 million for “ research , development , test and evaluation " of Montgomery 's software earlier this year .
The results of the evaluation were “ inconclusive , ” however , and the deal ended there .
But not before the Air Force paid out $ 2 million in taxpayer funds last February .
That same month , Montgomery received $ 600,000 from Blxware .
Photo : Snarkattack / Flickr
By Edward Harrison of Credit Writedowns
L. Randall Wray has a post up at New Deal 2.0 which puts forward an idea which is pretty innovative .
I would label it a private sector replacement for unemployment insurance .
It ’s the kind of thinking that might bring Obama out of a policy cul - de-sac as the economy hemorrhages jobs .
Let me present an excerpted version and mention a few concerns one might have with this idea .
The link to the full post is at the bottom :
The latest jobs report shows that the official unemployment took a huge jump to 10.2 % – 15.7 million jobless workers .
If we add to those numbers involuntary part - time workers , plus those who have given up looking for work , the unemployment rate is 17.5 % .
Even that seriously undercounts those who would be willing to work if decent jobs at decent pay were readily available–a number I put at 25 to 30 million …
I am advocating … a universal job guarantee available through the thick and thin of the business cycle .
The federal government would ensure a job offer to anyone ready and willing to work , at the established program compensation level ( including wages and a healthy benefits package ) .
To keep it simple , the program wage could be set at the current federal minimum wage ( $ 7.25 an hour ) , and then adjusted periodically as that is raised .
The usual benefits would be provided , including vacation and sick leave , and contributions to Social Security .
Let ’s call this the Job Guarantee ( JG ) program . …
A permanent and universal JG program should be decentralized , with projects created and administered locally –where the workers are , and for the benefit of their communities .
The federal government would provide the wages , plus a portion of capital and supervisory expenses ( perhaps capped at 25 % of total wages paid for each JG project ) .
Local governments and nonprofits would propose projects and cover the rest of the expenses .
State unemployment offices would be converted to employment offices , helping to match workers and projects .
Project proposals would be submitted to regional councils and , if approved , would be evaluated by state councils and then by a federal council .
Wages and benefits would be paid directly to workers ( using Social Security numbers and direct bank deposits ) to minimize fraud .
Organizations submitting proposals would be prevented from replacing paid workers with JG workers .
For - profit business would be excluded , because the temptation to substitute would be too great .
At the same time , businesses would be protected from unfair competition because all JG projects would have to demonstrate they ’d fulfill unmet public purposes .
If at some future date , a for - profit firm decided to provide services that a JG project is performing , the JG project could be phased out .
There is neither need nor desire for the JG program to compete with the private for - profit sector .
… JG workers will be gaining useful work experience and training , making them more appealing to other employers .
When firms hire , they will recruit from the JG program , offering a slightly higher wage .
At the same time , the program ’s fluctuation allows it to act as an employed “ buffer stock ” - or “ reserve army of the employed ” - helping to attenuate the business cycle while maintaining full employment without setting off a wage - price spiral .
An economic boom will shrink the size of the JG program ; in a recession the program will grow .
Thus , an effort like the Job Guarantee program I am proposing would act as an automatic stabilizer — a feature most would agree is desperately needed in our current rollercoaster economy .
This is definitely outside the box thinking .
It is basically a decentralized counter - cyclical works program to largely replace the unemployment insurance program we presently have .
The benefits I see are that it maintains full employment by putting to work those that would be idle and collecting unemployment insurance .
We have an enormous number of unemployed people who are drawing significant social welfare payments ( five million are drawing unemployment insurance according to my latest post ) .
Why not use a lot of that same money and deploy them .
This approach also would employ a huge slew of longtime unemployed workers that have benefits expire and skills languish , making them harder to employ and increasing structural unemployment .
The job guarantee could then reduce the level of structural unemployment that results from a steep downturn ( see Mark Thoma ’s recent piece on structural unemployment for a cogent explanation of that issue ) .
In my view , full employment is compatible with free market capitalism .
In this approach , a job guarantee is there for anyone who wants it .
Any structural unemployment will be largely voluntary .
Here are my questions .
I am going to present what I consider the standard questions using the standard terminology – not because these are the exact questions I have but because these are the questions I would anticipate .
I have run these same questions by a few economists to generate some answers .
I have incorporated most of their answers .
But , I still would like to hear your thoughts as well .
Is n’t this just an attempt to expand the state i.e. be a move toward big government ?
Why should n’t we expect ‘ mission creep ? ’
Since the idea is designed to fluctuate with changes in the economy , it seems less of a concern .
Yes , this is the not - for - profit private sector .
But , we would still need to flesh out the safeguards to make sure that it did n’t crowd out investment in the for - profit sector .
( You should expect this program to increase the pie and expand investment in aggregate , so that certainly mitigates these concerns as well . )
Wo n’t this misallocate resources and create malinvestment ?
Since it is designed to be an automatic stabilizer i.e. countercyclical , it does n’t necessarily appear so .
But , it still might create misallocations by increasing the propensity to spend excessively on infrastructure .
Infrastructure spending in the U.S. is probably too low at present .
But , at some point in the future , this will be a concern .
The fact that much of it can be administered in the private sector locally is important in this regard .
How much will this cost ?
How do we pay for this ?
As I understand the idea , it is designed to replace unemployment insurance entirely – and that means we will recoup in taxes lost output from cyclical and structural unemployment .
But , as the Federal Government is paying not just wages but benefits , it does not seem to be a deficit neutral strategy in a employer - provided health - insurance world .
If health insurance became detached from employers that would be less of an issue .
But , that ’s not going to happen .
( I should also point out criminality and imprisonment associated with lack of job opportunities would be reduced , so that certainly decreases any costs – both social and monetary ) .
Personally , I am not especially keen on the ‘ New Deal ’ terminology in the original piece .
That goes to political / philosophical predisposition .
So I have stripped it of that language here .
As an aside , of 1920s and 1930s Democrats , I find Al Smith , the Governor of NY and 1928 Democratic Presidential candidate , far more interesting than FDR .
Smith and Roosevelt had a very antagonistic relationship in no small part due to FDR ’s co-opting of all of Smith ’s 1928 ideas for FDR ’s 1932 run .
Al Smith was a first - generation Irish Catholic who grew up poor on the lower East Side of Manhattan and owed his rise to Tammany Hall .
Prejudice is a big reason he lost to Hoover in 1928 .
Roosevelt was a blue - blooded Harvard - educated Aristocrat who was much more palatable to early 20th - century Americans .
Try “ Al Smith and His America , ” or better yet “ Empire Statesman , ” for a good read on Smith .
I suspect Wray ’s idea will gain more traction if it can be examined in a politically - neutral frame .
Economists
I have talked to who have studied this idea inform me all studies indicate the proposal has a 1 - 2 % of GDP price tag .
Right now , President Obama seems like he is banking on a recovery that will bring unemployment down .
But , this may not end up being so .
From a purely political perspective , Wray ’s suggestion is the direction Obama should go if he wants any traction on the unemployment issue should recovery not bring unemployment down .
But , Wray ’s idea also deserves more discussion irrespective of the political ramifications because it keeps a buffer stock of skilled , employed people ready to hand for the for - profit private sector to employ .
I look forward to your comments .
Source
Navigating the Jobs Crisis : Time for a New ‘ New Deal ’ Jobs Program – L. Randall Wray
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Feeling the heat
The Galapagos archipelago has already been transformed by global climate changes and human activity , a report has concluded .
A series of events , including the 1982 El Nino , overfishing and the appearance of urchins that destroy coral , has altered the islands ' marine ecosystems .
At least 45 Galapagos species have now disappeared or are facing extinction .
That suggests future climate change driven by human activity will have an major impact on the islands ' wildlife .
The Galapagos , the Rosetta Stone of evolution , is now teaching us about the far - reaching impacts of climate change on ocean ecosystems
Professor Les Kaufmann
Boston University , US
The report , published in the journal Global Change Biology , details the conclusions of a scientific meeting convened by the Ecuadorian Ministry of the Environment , the Galapagos National Park Service and environmental and wildlife groups including Conservation International and WWF , to assess the vulnerability of the islands to climate change .
It found that the islands have yet to recover from the intense El Nino climate event of 1982 to 1982 , which triggered abnormal weather conditions .
That event destroyed coral reefs in the archipelago , many of which had persisted for at least 400 years .
However , overfishing significantly weakened the marine ecosystem 's ability to recover from the devastation caused by the El Nino .
PROBABLY EXTINCT
Black spotted damselfish ( Azurina eupalama ) , shown above The 24 - rayed sunstar ( Heliaster solaris )
In particular , fishermen removed so many large predatory fishes and lobsters from the islands ' seas , that huge numbers of sea urchins were able to colonise the area .
They then overgrazed the coral , damaging it further and preventing it re-establishing .
As a result , 45 species are now globally threatened .
All live on the Galapagos , and most are found nowhere else .
These 45 species include five mammals , six birds , five reptiles , six fishes , one echinoderm , seven corals , six brown algae and nine red algae .
Among those is the coastal - living Mangrove finch , a species once studied by Charles Darwin .
Fewer than 200 remain , all of which are dependant on mangroves that are susceptible to further climate change .
Other threatened species include the Galapagos sea lion , marine iguana , Galapagos penguin and pink cup coral ( Tubastraea floreana ) , which only survives in a few colonies .
Two species have not been formally evaluated , but are thought to have already gone extinct .
The Galapagos damsel ( Azurina eupalama ) , which only lived in the archipelago 's waters , eating plankton , was once common .
POSSIBLY EXTINCT
A number of macroalgae or seaweed species have not been seen for more than 20 years including : Dictyota galapagensis Spatoglossum schmitti The Galápagos stringweed ( Bifurcaria galapagensis )
But after 1983 it has not been sighted .
As yet , no marine fish has formally been determined to be extinct , highlighting the impact that climate changes and overfishing have had on the region .
" The Galapagos , the Rosetta Stone of evolution , is now teaching us about the far - reaching impacts of climate change on ocean ecosystems , " says report co-author Professor Les Kaufmann from Boston University , US .
" Nowhere on Earth are the combined impacts of climate change and overfishing more clearly defined than in the Galapagos Islands , " says co-author Sylvia Earle of the US National Geographic Society .
" Decades of data link recent fishing pressures to disruption of the islands ' fine - tuned systems , making them more vulnerable to natural , and anthropogenic changes in climate . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GM 2012 : Future cars View photos General Motors recently showed reporters and select members of the public what it plans to build over the next two years .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors said better results will allow it to start repaying government loans sooner than expected , although the company continued to lose money in its first quarter since emerging from bankruptcy .
The automaker said Monday it anticipates paying $ 1 billion to the U.S. Treasury in December , along with $ 192 million to the Canadian and Ontario governments .
GM received $ 6.7 billion in loans from the U.S. Treasury as part of its bankruptcy proceedings , along with help from Canada and Ontario .
But this is only a fraction of the $ 50 billion in help GM received from U.S. taxpayers since the end of 2008 .
The U.S. government now owns a majority stake in GM , and it is not clear that taxpayers will ever recover much of that investment .
Despite a recent upturn in auto sales , GM continues to struggle .
The company said it lost $ 1.2 billion between its emergence from bankruptcy on July 10 and the end of the third quarter on Sept. 30 .
By way of comparison , two of GM 's top rivals -- Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) and Toyota Motor ( TM ) -- reported unexpected quarterly profits during the third quarter .
Still , GM 's third - quarter loss was smaller than the $ 2.5 billion the company lost from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2008 .
But comparisons to last year are difficult since much of what was GM a year ago was shed during the bankruptcy process .
GM president and chief executive officer Fritz Henderson told reporters Monday morning that the results represented " some signs of progress , some signs of stability , " but that ultimately they were " not satisfactory . "
The company 's core North American operations lost $ 651 million on an operating basis between its emergence from bankruptcy and the end of the quarter .
That 's far lower than the $ 2.1 billion in losses that GM originally expected for North America during the quarter when it filed for bankruptcy .
Outside of the U.S. , GM's European operations lost $ 437 million in the period .
But GM made $ 429 million in the Asia Pacific region , and another $ 245 elsewhere around the world .
GM said third quarter revenue from global auto sales plunged 25 % compared to a year earlier , as sales during the first nine days of the period at the old GM along with the remaining days of the quarter at the new post - bankruptcy GM came to about $ 28 billion .
As sharp a decline as that was , sales were helped by the government 's popular Cash for Clunkers program , which boosted demand for four weeks in late July and August .
GM said revenue from auto sales in the third quarter were up $ 4.9 billion , or 21 % , from the second quarter .
GM also said that it lost $ 14.5 billion in the second quarter .
The company never disclosed those results until now since GM was in bankruptcy during the second quarter .
Could pay back loans by next June
Henderson said that GM may speed up its plans to pay back the government though , and that it could be done repaying its debt by June of 2010 .
The money for the first payment will come from funds the government gave GM to fund its operations through the bankruptcy process .
GM now plans to pay back the $ 6.7 billion in U.S. government loans over a period of two years .
Henderson added that GM , which is now a privately held company , hopes to sell stock to the public again during the second half of 2010 .
He said , however , that the timing of such an offering will depend on the state of the stock market as well the company 's and industry 's performance
All four shareholder groups - the U.S. and Canadian governments as well as the United Auto Workers union and the creditors who got stock in return for their GM debt during the bankruptcy process - want to start selling shares as soon as possible in order to generate a return on their investment .
The General Accountability Office recently said it is unlikely that taxpayers will ever recoup all the money it invested in GM , a statement Henderson said he understood .
" It 's my mission to disprove the GAO , " he said .
" In the end it 's a question of your outlook on the stock .
The value of the stock is driven by how management performs . "
The company said it expects industry sales to be down in the fourth quarter from third quarter levels , but that demand should improve in 2010 .
Henderson said that he 's confident GM will be able to be to break even if U.S. industrywide sales are at a 10 million annual level , and that GM 's current forecast is for 2010 sales of between 11 million and 12 million .
Despite the quarterly loss , the company reported cash flow of $ 3.3 billion since emerging from bankruptcy , a stark difference from how GM burned through cash for most quarters over the past five years .
The increased cash flow left GM with $ 42.6 billion cash on hand at the end of the quarter , although the company said it will have to use some of that cash in the fourth quarter to repay government loans , make an additional $ 1 billion in restructuring payments and pay a $ 2.8 billion settlement related to the end of the bankruptcy at Delphi , its former parts supplier .
WASHINGTON
– The head of the Federal Trade Commission said Tuesday the agency will study whether government should aid struggling news organizations , which are suffering from a collapse in advertising revenues as the internet upends their centuries - old business model .
FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz 's comments came during day one of a two - day " workshop " ...
This colourful pattern is the first evidence of non-spherical particles coalescing into a " quasicrystal " .
Researchers reporting in Nature used computer simulations to show how four - sided pyramids organise themselves into different motifs ( as shown by the dice ) and then into the dense 3 - D pattern .
The mainstream media has a tendency to portray online communities in a negative light .
When a crime involving Facebook , MySpace or YouTube occurs , there is a strong emphasis on these social networks , as opposed to the people perpetrating the crime .
What is not often reported is that online communities , groups of ( quasi ) anonymous people , have the potential to accomplish astonishing feats .
Wikipedia is a prime example , but there are copious amounts of smaller , yet still remarkable efforts .
This year I had the chance to participate in one such initiative that was spontaneously organized by a subgroup of users from the social news site Reddit ( a community that I ’ve followed since its earliest days ) .
The idea was rather straightforward , a Secret Santa held amongst strangers who frequent the site ( also known as , redditors ) .
Dan McComas ( kickme 444 on Reddit ) quickly came up with a website to collect signups , and put forward a few ground rules for participants .
For instance , to cut down on the number of ill - intentioned users ( the so called trolls ) , only users who were already registered with Reddit before November 10 , 2009 were allowed to signup for the gift exchange .
Upon signing up , each user could choose whether they ’d be willing to ship abroad or only within their own country , how many people they wanted to send gifts to ( three “ giftees ” maximum ) , as well as optional preferences about their interests to help guide their Secret Santa(s ) .
Registration closed on December 1st and matches were revealed to each participant that same day .
For example , I was randomly matched with three people located , incidentally , in Ontario , Canada ( where I live ) .
Likewise , I was assigned to three random people ( my Secret Santas ) .
What started as the idea of a few redditors , quickly ballooned into a project with almost five thousand participants .
According to the Guinness World Records , this is over three times the size of the current record holder for the largest Secret Santa in the world .
An unprecedented initiative !
As packages started arriving , many gift recipients uploaded pictures and descriptions in the site ’s gallery , showcasing what their Secret Santa has sent them .
Despite the $ 15 guideline ( inclusive of shipping ) , most redditors went above and beyond to make a complete stranger ’s Christmas a little brighter , whether they actually celebrate Christmas , Hanukkah , or simply the spirit of giving that ’s typical of the holiday season .
There are a few statistical outliers at both ends of the spectrum .
We had a prankster who only sent four paperclips in a rather grinch - like move , a Secret Santa delivering a brand new electric guitar and amplifier in person , and an anonymous participant who spent ( or has sent a gift for the value of ) more than $ 2000 .
Over $ 150,000 have been spent so far and the declared average per gift ( including shipping ) is currently $ 35 .
A quick browse through the gallery reveals how much thought was put into most of the gifts , some of which were handmade and personalized creations , and some that were store bought ( from ThinkGeek in particular ) .
In fact , this massive Secret Santa led to a lot of benign stalking , in an online hunt for the perfect gift for a stranger , having only their Reddit comment history and / or their name to go off of .
One of the most touching stories to come out of this fountain of good will , originates with a simple request made by one of the participants .
She asked not to receive a material gift , but instead a small donation for her partner , in order to create a veterinary emergency fund for the service dog that has been assigned to this person .
Her Secret Santa decided to do more than just that .
He involved other participants , inviting them to donate too , and offered to match donations up to a total of $ 1000 .
In a few hours , I and other people from all over the world had made donations to this cause , leaving the beneficiary blown away by the generosity of this community .
Truth be told , there were a few hundred people who were running a little late with their gifts ( which were supposed to be shipped by the 10th ) , and about twenty or so people who did n’t retrieve the address of their giftees at all .
But with more than five thousand shipments expected , this small percentage of procrastinators is inevitable .
While running a bit late , most folks have clearly opted to uphold their end of the deal nevertheless .
Some drama ensued from those few who were disappointed by their gifts or who were impatient about their Secret Santa not having shipped their gift yet , but such things have mostly been overshadowed by those who gave without the expectation of necessarily receiving anything in return .
Numerous people signed up for an extra round as well , to send gifts to those few who may have ended up without a gift , because their santa did n’t send one or sent paperclips .
I ’m personally glad I was able to take part in this , mostly selfless , experience .
It helped reinstate for me how much fun it is to give .
I enjoyed searching for the perfect presents for my three giftees and trying hard to predict what they might like .
Two of my giftees loved my gifts and posted them in the gallery ( jorisb and scorpielle ) .
Unfortunately I do n’t know what the third giftee ’s reaction was yet .
And this is probably the least pleasant aspect of the whole experience yet .
All I know is that my gift was delivered last week and I can only hope that she likes it and will post in the gallery sometime in the future .
Today , I received my first gift , the highly acclaimed novel ‘ House of Leaves ‘ and a particularly thoughtful letter from my Santa in Georgia .
I ’m looking forward to receiving the other two , mostly because I ’m curious about what my remaining two Secret Santas picked for me .
In conclusion , I ’d like to quote what I wrote at the beginning of my own letter to one of my giftees , and take the chance to thank Dan , his wife ( 5 days ) , and all the helpers who made this event possible .
There is something extremely appealing about being assigned the task of finding a present for someone who is a total stranger .
The usual dynamics of exchanging gifts are overhauled by removing a sense of awareness when it comes to what the receiver expects , their known likes and dislikes , and the expectation of getting something back in return .
In a way it ’s a novel , purer form of gift giving that I enthusiastically embraced for the first time in my life ( I ’m from Italy where Secret Santa initiatives are not customary ) .
I subscribe to the theory that strangers are friends we have n’t met yet , and I feel that showing generosity towards , and interest in , strangers is one small way to improve this world .
With the launch of the PSPgo , Sony introduced us to PSP ‘ Minis ’ , bite - size PSP games , which are under 100 MB in size and under $ 10 in cost .
It seems that Sony might just be bringing these Mini games to a console we all know and love .
With THREE different sites reporting the news , the proof just might be in the pudding that Sony plans on bringing the PSP Minis to the PlayStation 3 by Christmas this year .
Of course , the titles would launch on the PS3 with an increased resolution , but no information on if the prices would be increased too .
When asked about the Matter , Sony was n’t going to confirmed nor deny the possibility .
We do n’t comment on rumor or speculation .
Remember , Sony also did n’t comment on the PS3 Slim and PSPgo when information was leaked onto the Internet .
Sony claims there will be 50 PSP Minis available by the end of 2009 and it would be a GREAT Christmas present if many of those titles were unleashed on the PS3 via the PSN .
[ Source ]
President Abraham Lincoln , in his famous 1863 Gettysburg Address , ended it with these words ; " that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . "
That beautiful thought has been dishonored as the U.S. Congress , and the Senate in particular , is no longer guided by the wishes and needs of the American people but , rather , accedes to the dictates and demands of corporate America .
This is the chain of authority now present in our American democracy : candidates run for the U.S. Senate , the people elect and send representatives to this legislative body to act in their best interests and that of the nation ; senators listen to the wishes and needs of the American people and also those of the U.S. corporations .
Senators then submit themselves to their corporate masters , do their bidding and hold out their hands for their reward .
I have previously written about how this now very faulted legislative body came into being and it's worth repeating here : " Our nation 's founders , when working to complete the U.S. Constitution , had definite misgivings with the idea of including this governmental body in the legislative process of our nation .
They knew full well that the idea of having two senators from each state , no matter the population of the state , was one that could cause difficult problems in the future .
But , in the spirit of bipartisanship and compromise to finish the Constitution , many of them reluctantly agreed ; and now we are suffering the consequences of their decision . "
But that 's , unfortunately , where we are today .
The Senate , as constituted today , in no way represents democracy in America .
This Senate , whereby a few , or even one , senator (s ) representing tiny states can overrule the wishes of the vast majority of fellow senators and the American people , has created a system of gridlock that is destroying our democracy .
Add the Senate filibuster rule into the equation and we are witnessing a legislative body that has become no more than a tool of their corporate masters .
This governmental institution is now so corrupted by the power of corporations that we have arrived at a point whereby critical legislation cannot be enacted even when the Senate Democratic majority , at least in theory , has control .
One senator , a Ben Nelson or Joe Lieberman has the power , considering the dreaded filibuster rule , to kill health care reform if they so choose .
Suppose that 60 % of Americans , roughly 180 million of us definitely want a strong public option .
That the wishes of 180 million Americans can be overridden by just one senator is incomprehensible ; but this is how far our democracy has now regressed .
The Senate of today can be described as the " best little whorehouse in Washington , D.C. "
It has now become crystal clear that it is largely controlled by the almost 35,000 registered lobbyists that ply their trade in the nation 's capitol .
Corporate America , mainly the banking , health insurance , pharmaceutical , and defense industries have far more influence on senators than the people of America .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The situation is all the more complicated because , after the party ’s defeats in 2008 , it has no dominant leaders or cohesive establishment to bridge the divides and help articulate a positive agenda .
In that vacuum , the conservative activists and party leaders were both jockeying for advantage on Wednesday .
Mr. Steele , the party chairman , said in an interview that the outcome in New Jersey and Virginia , where Mr. Christie and Mr. McDonnell had played down their conservative views on social issues , instead focusing on the economy , should go a long way toward relieving the divisions and showing the party how to win next year .
Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , a potential 2012 presidential candidate who backed Mr. Hoffman in the New York race , told reporters in Iowa that he would not get involved in an intraparty battle again .
He said the New York contest , as a special election , had been unusual in that the nominee had been chosen by party leaders rather than by primary .
Mike Huckabee , a former Arkansas governor who is also a possible 2012 contender , urged Republicans not to support third - party candidates , warning that doing so was a recipe for defeat .
“ There is potential danger if people believe the way to get the attention of Washington is through third - party candidates , ” he said .
“ Typically what a third - party candidate does is ensure the election of the one you like the least . ”
But Mr. Huckabee , eager not to alienate conservatives , made clear that he would support primary challenges to Republican candidates who he thought strayed from the party ’s values .
As one example , he said he was supporting a conservative challenger to Gov. Charlie Crist of Florida , who is seeking the nomination for a Senate seat in a primary that is shaping up as the next big showdown between Republicans .
Senator John Cornyn of Texas , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , told ABC News that the committee would not spend money on behalf of candidates it is supporting in contested Republican primaries , like Mr. Crist in Florida .
Although the committee typically does not spend money in a primary , Republicans said Mr. Cornyn ’s remark was intended to relieve some of the anger being directed at the party establishment .
Blumenthal said : “ Margaret really impressed us and her product was innovative , practical and something that I can actually see myself using in the kitchen .
After her pitch all of the judges came out thinking " now why did n’t I think of that ? " because it is such a simple idea , but also something that will be useful and genuinely make life easier . ”
Today , we announced the pilot market launch of the Comcast data usage meter in the Portland , Oregon area .
After a short period , we ’ll roll it out nationally .
It ’s designed to be simple and easy to use and will help customers better understand how much data they consume in a month .
( Note : the median usage for Comcast ’s customers is about 2 to 4 GB per month . )
The meter is accessible by logging in to Customer Central at http://customer.comcast.com and clicking on the " Users and Settings " tab .
From there , click on " View details " in the " My devices " section ( located toward the upper right hand of the screen ) and that will go to the meter page .
As you can see from the accompanying screen shot the meter will show usage in the current calendar month when it ’s first launched .
Over time , it will show the most recent three months of use ( including the current month ) .
The data is refreshed approximately every three hours .
The meter measures all data usage over a cable modem .
So , if a customer is using multiple computers and other devices , such as an online gaming console , " over the net " VoIP applications or devices , or additional wireless devices ( such as an iPod Touch ) , the meter will report data usage for all of those computers and devices combined .
This is a tool we promised to provide , and we are pleased to deliver it today after rigorous employee testing and the completion of an independent analysis conducted by NetForecast , Inc .
If you ’d like to see NetForecast ’s report on the system , click here .
To read some additional FAQs about the meter , please visit http://sitesearch.comcast.com/?q=data+usage+meter&cat=ccentral
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 21 December 2009
The climate scientist James Hansen , director of Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , first testified to a US congressional committee about global warming in 1988 , not 1989 .
The scientist who convinced the world to take notice of the looming danger of global warming says it would be better for the planet and for future generations if next week 's Copenhagen climate change summit ended in collapse .
In an interview with the Guardian , James Hansen , the world 's pre-eminent climate scientist , said any agreement likely to emerge from the negotiations would be so deeply flawed that it would be better to start again from scratch .
" I would rather it not happen if people accept that as being the right track because it's a disaster track , " said Hansen , who heads the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York .
" The whole approach is so fundamentally wrong that it is better to reassess the situation .
If it is going to be the Kyoto - type thing then [ people ] will spend years trying to determine exactly what that means . "
He was speaking as progress towards a deal in Copenhagen received a boost today , with India revealing a target to curb its carbon emissions .
All four of the major emitters – the US , China , EU and India – have now tabled offers on emissions , although the equally vexed issue of funding for developing nations to deal with global warming remains deadlocked .
Hansen , in repeated appearances before Congress beginning in 1989 , has done more than any other scientist to educate politicians about the causes of global warming and to prod them into action to avoid its most catastrophic consequences .
But he is vehemently opposed to the carbon market schemes – in which permits to pollute are bought and sold – which are seen by the EU and other governments as the most efficient way to cut emissions and move to a new clean energy economy .
Hansen is also fiercely critical of Barack Obama – and even Al Gore , who won a Nobel peace prize for his efforts to get the world to act on climate change – saying politicians have failed to meet what he regards as the moral challenge of our age .
In Hansen 's view , dealing with climate change allows no room for the compromises that rule the world of elected politics .
" This is analagous to the issue of slavery faced by Abraham Lincoln or the issue of Nazism faced by Winston Churchill , " he said .
" On those kind of issues you cannot compromise .
You can't say let 's reduce slavery , let 's find a compromise and reduce it 50 % or reduce it 40 % . "
He added : " We do n't have a leader who is able to grasp it and say what is really needed .
Instead we are trying to continue business as usual . "
The understated Iowan 's journey from climate scientist to activist accelerated in the last years of the Bush administration .
Hansen , a reluctant public speaker , says he was forced into the public realm by the increasingly clear looming spectre of droughts , floods , famines and drowned cities indicated by the science .
That enormous body of scientific evidence has been put under a microscope by climate sceptics after last month 's release online of hacked emails sent by respected researchers at the climate research unit of the University of East Anglia .
Hansen admitted the controversy could shake public 's trust , and called for an investigation .
" All that stuff they are arguing about the data does n't really change the analysis at all , but it does leave a very bad impression , " he said .
The row reached Congress today , with Republicans accusing the researchers of engaging in " scientific fascism " and pressing the Obama administration 's top science adviser , John Holdren , to condemn the email .
Holdren , a climate scientist who wrote one of the emails in the UEA trove , said he was prepared to denounce any misuse of data by the scientists – if one is proved .
Hansen has emerged as a leading campaigner against the coal industry , which produces more greenhouse gas emissions than any other fuel source .
He has become a fixture at campus demonstrations and last summer was arrested at a protest against mountaintop mining in West Virginia , where he called the Obama government 's policies " half - assed " .
He has irked some environmentalists by espousing a direct carbon tax on fuel use .
Some see that as a distraction from rallying support in Congress for cap - and - trade legislation that is on the table .
He is scathing of that approach .
" This is analagous to the indulgences that the Catholic church sold in the middle ages .
The bishops collected lots of money and the sinners got redemption .
Both parties liked that arrangement despite its absurdity .
That is exactly what 's happening , " he said .
" We 've got the developed countries who want to continue more or less business as usual and then these developing countries who want money and that is what they can get through offsets [ sold through the carbon markets ] . "
For all Hansen 's pessimism , he insists there is still hope .
" It may be that we have already committed to a future sea level rise of a metre or even more but that does n't mean that you give up .
" Because if you give up you could be talking about tens of metres .
So I find it screwy that people say you passed a tipping point so it 's too late .
In that case what are you thinking : that we are going to abandon the planet ?
You want to minimise the damage . "
• James Hansen 's book Storms of My Grandchildren is published by Bloomsbury , £ 18.99
The recent dose of foul weather has raised the spirits of California 's water lords , but measurements taken Wednesday in the Sierra Nevada show there is still not enough snow to ease drought conditions .
The ritual trek into the snowy wilderness to survey the state 's frozen water supply found less snow than normal for this time of year in the Sierra , but more than last year .
" What we 're finding this year is really pretty close to last year , " said Frank Gehrke , chief of snow surveys for the California Department of Water Resources , after finishing the last measurement at historic Phillips Station , next to the Sierra - at - Tahoe resort off Highway 50 .
" It 's a little lower in the north .
It gets better as we go south , but we 've got a lot of winter left .
Everything depends on what happens between now and April . "
The water content of the snow - the key measurement for how much water will flow into reservoirs - is 85 percent of normal for this date , according to the average of five measurements .
It was 76 percent of normal last year .
The measurement in a field covered in a blanket of white near the privately owned cabin known as Phillips Station is traditionally where the department announces the results of the first snow survey of the season .
The spot , at 6,800 feet , normally represents the median of the five spots where snowpack is measured .
This year was no different .
Water content was 75 percent of normal at Phillips .
The lowest measurement was at Echo Summit , where water content was 57 percent of normal .
At Lake Audrain it was 91 percent of normal , Gehrke said .
The winter snowpack in the Sierra is not only important to skiers and snowboarders , it is an essential part of the state 's water supply .
Up to 60 percent of the state 's water is contained in the Sierra snowpack .
When it melts in the spring and summer , the water is used to irrigate millions of acres of farmland and quench the thirst of California 's 36 million people .
About a quarter of the state 's power comes from hydroelectric plants that count on heavy mountain runoff .
The measurements - conducted every month in the same locations between January and May for the past 65 years - are used to determine the water supply for the coming year .
They are particularly important this year because California is facing the prospect of a fourth straight year of drought .
Meanwhile the water system is being taxed by a booming state population , aging infrastructure , ongoing environmental battles and restrictions on water deliveries from the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta to protect endangered fish .
Right now , Lake Oroville , the primary storage reservoir for the State Water Project , is at 29 percent of capacity and 47 percent of average for this time of year , water resources officials said .
If things do n't improve , they said , only 5 percent of the water requested by Bay Area , San Joaquin Valley , Central Coast and Southern California farms and cities will be delivered .
One good thing , according to Gehrke , is that the storm - causing condition known as El Niño is in effect .
Weather forecasters are nevertheless worried that a high - pressure system could form as it did the past two winters and block precipitation .
Regardless of what happens , Gehrke said it is unlikely California will recover from three years of drought this year .
To accomplish that , he said , California would have to have " a real humongous year or a series of above average years " of rain and snow .
Last year is a good example of how fickle Mother Nature has become .
The eighth - driest January on record was followed by big Sierra storms .
Then warm , dry weather in April melted the snowpack .
By May , the water content was 66 percent of normal , prompting Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to declare a statewide drought emergency .
All anybody can do now , Gehrke said , is hope the storms keep coming .
" I 'm encouraged because we have snow on the ground , " Gehrke said .
" Even though we do n't have a whole lot , it 's important that we start out with something . "
Tags
[ Original publication date : March 9 , 1953 .
An MP3 audio file of this article , read by Floy Lilley , is available for download . ]
One of the most remarkable features of our age is the propensity toward changing the meaning of political terms .
A semantic revolution converts the sense traditionally attached to words into its opposite .
George Orwell has ingeniously described this tendency in his 1984 .
The second of the three slogans of Oceania 's party says , " Freedom Is Slavery .
"
In the opinion of the " progressive " intellectuals , Orwell 's dictum is the talk of a hysteric ; nobody , they shout , has ever ventured to utter such a nonsensical proposition .
Unfortunately the facts belie their denial .
There prevails in the writings of many contemporary authors the disposition to represent every extension of governmental power and every restriction of the individual 's discretion as a measure of liberation , as a step forward on the road to liberty .
Carried to its ultimate logical conclusion , this mode of reasoning leads to the inference that socialism , the complete abolition of the individual 's faculty to plan his own life and conduct , brings perfect freedom .
It was this reasoning that suggested to socialists and Communists the idea of arrogating to themselves the appellation liberal .
Professor Robert L. Hale of Columbia University has just published a voluminous book , Freedom through Law : Public Control of Private Governing Power .
It is a passionate plea in favor of government control of business and a review of the legislation and the rulings of the courts concerning the subject .
As a compilation of legal material such a book may have some merit .
But the author aims at more .
His ambition is to justify the policy of interventionism from the point of view of the philosophy of law as well as from that of the American constitutional and legal system .
We may pass over the fact that the author entirely fails in this endeavor .
For even if he had fully succeeded in proving his point , he would not have advanced any tenable argument in support of the policies he advocates .
The question whether the United States should preserve the private - enterprise system or should adopt what is nowadays euphemistically called " direct controls " is not a problem of general philosophy or of jurisprudence .
It is a problem of economic policy .
It has to be decided according to the effects to be expected from , or already brought about by , the policies concerned .
Only economic considerations can clarify such issues .
The case against interventionism is not based on the interpretation of the Constitution .
( Incidentally , most of the recent interventionist measures are certainly unconstitutional . )
The economists do not raise the question whether or not interventionism is legal or illegal , good or bad , desirable or undesirable .
They demonstrate that the various measures of government interference with market phenomena do not produce the results aimed at by the governments resorting to them .
These measures rather create a state of affairs which — from the very point of view of the government itself and all the advocates of interventionism — is more undesirable than the previous state of affairs which they were designed to alter .
If the government , faced with this inevitable outcome , does not want to repeal its decrees and to return to economic freedom , but goes on with its interventionist policy , it must add to the first decrees more and more decrees until it has regimented every aspect of the citizens ' lives , their activities in production as well as the mode of their consumption .
Then any kind of freedom — economic or political — disappears , and totalitarianism of the type of the Hitler Zwangswirtschaft emerges .
Interventionism is not an economic system that can last .
It can not be preserved permanently .
It must either be abolished or it must lead step by step to all - around planning by the government , to full socialism , a system in which nobody is free .
State an Apparatus of Coercion
A state or a government is an apparatus of coercion and compulsion .
Within the territory that it controls , it prevents all agencies , except those that it expressly authorizes to do so , from resorting to violent action .
A government has the power to enforce its commands by beating people into submission or by threatening them with such action .
An institution that lacks this power is never called a government .
The reasoning that leads Professor Hale to equate every business deal between private citizens with governmental coercion and to call all such transactions the exercise of private governing power runs this way :
Every person has a certain amount of bargaining power on which he depends for his livelihood .
Bargaining power is power to exert pressure on those with whom one carries on transactions — in other degree of coercion over other people 's liberty , while at the same time his own liberty is subject to some degree of control by others .
The government says to the citizen , Pay taxes or my armed constables will imprison you .
The baker says to the prospective customer , If you want me to serve you and to bake bread for you , then you must reward me by doing something for me .
In the opinion of Professor Hale there is no difference between the two modes of acting .
Both are coercion , both are government of men over men , both are infringements of other people 's liberty .
The baker coerces the dentist by selling him bread and the dentist coerces the baker by filling the cavities of his teeth .
Wherever you look in this worst of all thinkable worlds you discover restrictions of liberties .
But fortunately paternal government steps in to salvage liberty .
It saves liberty precisely by curtailing it .
For , says Professor Hale ,
it is a fallacy to assume that every attempt by the state to control and to revise the economic results of bargaining involves a net curtailment of individual liberty .
It may or may not do so .
If the liberty of those whom it restrains is less vital than the liberty which those persons would themselves restrain , then state intervention may spell a net gain in individual liberty …
It becomes necessary at times for the political state to curtail the freedom of powerful groups to dominate .
Private Governing Power
Some years ago Mrs. X used to prepare the soup for the family meals in her own kitchen .
Later she began to buy canned soup manufactured by one of the country 's canneries .
A clear - headed observer will argue that the lady for some reason considers this mode of supplying her family with soup as preferable to the previous method .
Not so Professor Hale .
In his eyes coercion is present .
The cannery , in manufacturing soup and selling it to Mrs. X , exercises governing power .
As the cannery is a private firm , not a government - owned and - operated factory as in Russia , there is something highly immoral and reprehensible in the matter .
For it is private governing power .
And as everybody agrees that all governing power belongs by right to the government , it is obvious to Professor Hale that the government must curtail this power of the cannery " to dominate " Mrs.
X by manufacturing soup for her .
The way in which Professor Hale describes the operation of the market economy is , to say the least , amazing .
Thus he declares ,
the customer can deny his money to the retailer , and by threatening to deny it can coerce the retailer to furnish him with the goods .
Now , millions of people in this way " threaten " the jewelers of Fifth Avenue ; they " threaten to deny their money to them . "
Yet those " threatened " do not furnish them with bracelets and necklaces .
But if a holdup man turns up and threatens the jeweler in his own manner , by brandishing a gun , the outcome is different .
It seems therefore that what Professor Hale calls threats and coercion comprehends two entirely different things having entirely different features and consequences .
His failure to distinguish these two things from one another would be deplorable in a nontechnical book .
In a presumably juridical book it is simply catastrophic .
It would not be necessary to pay much attention to Professor Hale 's volume if his mode of arguing were peculiar to him alone .
But these views are in fact fashionable nowadays .
For instance , in the Yale Review of Spring , 1952 , Professor Sutherland of the Harvard Law School in a similar way suggested restriction of " private government . "
We encounter here a new slogan designed to replace the worn - out labels of the New and Fair Deals .
Let us hope that this new catchword will not fool anybody .
Enlarge By J. Pat Carter , AP Florida coach Urban Meyer , left , and Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops pose with the Bowl Championship Series trophy after a news conference in Hollywood , Fla. , on Dec. 10 .
Meyer and Stoops are both from Ohio , separated at birth by less than four years and no more than 60 miles .
WINNING IN MIAMI WINNING IN MIAMI Coach factory : Ohio makes , football takes MIAMI GARDENS , Fla . 
Separated at birth by less than four years and no more than 60 miles of Ohio's most hardscrabble terrain , Oklahoma 's Bob Stoops and Florida 's Urban Meyer have much more in common than the BCS national championship football game they will coach here Thursday evening .
What they share is not theirs to share alone , however .
It also belongs to Don Shula , Paul Brown , Chuck Noll , Woody Hayes , Bo Schembechler and Ara Parseghian , among many others .
Stoops and Meyer are simply the latest in a long line of one of the state of Ohio 's greatest exports : football coaches .
" I do n't think it 's just coincidence that there 's a strong Ohio tie , " Meyer said Monday at Dolphin Stadium .
" With all due respect to the other states — I do n't really know them as well as I know Ohio — I know Ohio football is very , very important .
It 's kind of insanity .
…
Growing up in Ohio , Fridays were high school football , Saturdays were Ohio State and Sundays were the Browns and Bengals and really nothing else .
In the offseason , you played basketball and baseball to stay in shape for football .
Did that have an impact on my life ?
Absolutely .
And I 'm sure it did Coach Stoops . "
Stoops , 48 , grew up in Youngstown in northeastern Ohio , an hour 's drive south of Ashtabula , the Lake Erie community that is Meyer 's hometown .
" If you look on a map , " said Meyer , 44 , " ( you can see ) how close those two cities are . "
The two were even closer in the summer , when Stoops and his family vacationed at a resort on Lake Erie that was 1½ miles from Meyer 's house .
Both men played football in high school , then college ( Stoops at Iowa , Meyer at Cincinnati ) , then went into coaching .
Except for one season as an assistant at Kent State in 1988 , Stoops never came back to Ohio .
Meyer almost did n't leave .
After wearing number 45 in high school because it was two - time Heisman Trophy winner Archie Griffin 's number at Ohio State , Meyer became a graduate assistant in Columbus in 1986 .
The first time he touched an Ohio State jersey , he choked up .
" I had tears in my eyes , " Meyer told author Buddy Martin in the new book , Urban 's Way .
" I remember grabbing a scarlet and gray jersey and going , ' Wow ! '
I mean , ' Wow !
I 'm here . '
Every kid growing up in Ohio wants to do that . "
Meyer is such a fan of the late Woody Hayes that he has a sketched portrait of the Ohio State coach hanging in his home in Gainesville , Fla. , Martin writes .
Hayes lives on at Oklahoma , too .
James Patton coaches the Sooners offensive line and happens to come from the northwestern Ohio town of Lafayette .
He played at Miami ( Ohio ) , the proving ground of so many legends , Hayes included , that it rightly earned the nickname " The Cradle of Coaches . "
In last month 's Big 12 championship game , with temperatures in the low 30s and the wind chill in the low 20s , Patton channeled his inner Hayes by wearing no jacket , just shirt sleeves .
His linemen followed his lead .
" Woody Hayes did n't want to act like the cold bothered him and did n't want his players to act cold , " Patton said Monday .
" In Ohio , you 're playing in cold weather at the end of the season .
You 've got to run the football ; you 've got to be physical .
I kind of have a little bit of that . "
Of course he does .
He 's from Ohio .
While the state ranks seventh in the nation in population , it is third in the number of high school football players , The Wall Street Journal recently reported .
And while less than 4 % of the U.S. population lives in Ohio , 15 % of college football 's major - conference head coaches were born there , the most from any state , according to the Journal .
These also happen to be some of the nation 's most successful coaches : 14 of the last 18 teams to make it to the national championship game had head coaches with Ohio connections .
These , of course , are not the best of times for Ohio .
The recession has hit hard .
Yet the state is still in the business of pumping out coaches , and a glance at the sidelines Thursday will show it is doing very well indeed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It 's all fun and games , till somebody loses a lawsuit .
That 's what has happened to the creators of a piece of gaming software called BnetD , and their defeat suggests hard times ahead for well - meaning technology innovators who go too far .
( Full article : 923 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
