OTTAWA–The federal government has revealed a plan for a $ 3 billion emergency fund , with the money to be doled out at its discretion to tackle the recession .
The surprise plan , which was not among the stimulus measures contained in last month 's budget , was contained in the spending estimates for the coming year released yesterday by the government .
In the government 's estimates , federal program spending is pegged at $ 236.1 billion for the fiscal year that begins April 1 .
That figure is a 6 per cent increase from last year , but it does n't factor in all the tax credits and infrastructure spending of last month 's stimulus budget , which will push the country into deficit for the first time in a decade .
Treasury Board President Vic
Toews said the emergency fund is crucial to ensure money flows quickly into the economy .
He promised that the money would be accounted for in regular reports to Parliament , but some MPs accused the Tories of setting up a slush fund that would be hard to track and easy to misuse .
" What 's worrying here is that the Conservatives are doing exactly what the Liberals did in the sponsorship scandal , " said New Democrat Thomas Mulcair , referring to the $ 250 million program to promote Canada in Quebec after the province 's 1995 sovereignty referendum .
Mulcair said history is bound to repeat itself without strict parliamentary oversight .
Liberal finance critic John McCallum said the Tories must give opposition parties assurances that there are rules governing how the fund will be tapped before the Commons is asked to approve the money in a vote in the coming weeks .
Meanwhile , record low participation in last fall 's federal election will save Ottawa almost $ 800,000 in the next fiscal year .
Only 59 per cent of eligible Canadians cast their ballots in the October election , down from 65 per cent in 2006 , and the fewer votes translate into smaller public subsidies that will be paid out to political parties this year .
Parties earn $ 1.95 per vote they receive .
The figure may leave advocates of a robust democracy feeling glum , but it could please Prime Minister Stephen Harper , who was almost thrown out of office late last year by opposition parties when he tried to scrap the subsidies as a cost - saving measure last November .
About $ 29 million is spent in total on the subsidies .
The annual spending estimates also shed more light on areas of the government 's agenda that were hinted at , but not spelled out , in the January budget .
The Conservatives have allotted almost $ 36 million to Environment Canada to improve air quality and tackle climate change , but they also will give an additional $ 52.6 million to the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission to deal with what is expected to be a flood of applications to start up new nuclear plants , dig new mines and stock hospitals with medical isotopes .
Ontario plans to build two new plants , and New Brunswick , Alberta and Saskatchewan are also eager to tap into nuclear power to reduce their reliance on carbon - based energy sources with higher emissions , said Jasmine MacDonnell , a spokesperson for Natural Resources Minister Lisa Raitt .
The new money for the commission represents a funding increase of 58.3 per cent .
It has raised concerns among some who have question the independence of the regulator ever since its former president , Linda Keen , was fired early last year over the handling of the shutdown of the reactor at Chalk River that produces medical isotopes .
" How can we rely on the independence of the agency when the government has made it clear it will interfere in what they 're doing ? " asked Liberal natural resources critic Geoff Regan .
Alfred Sirleaf is a blogger .
Not just any blogger - no sir , Alfred is an analog blogger .
He runs the " Daily News , " a news hut in the middle of Monrovia , the capital of a Liberia , a country on the west coast of Africa .
The lack of electricity does n't even faze him :
Alfred serves as a reminder to the rest of us , that simple is often better , just because it works .
The lack of electricity never throws him off .
The lack of funding means he ’s creative in ways that he recruits people from around the city and country to report news to him .
He uses his cell phone as the major point of connection between him and the 10,000 ( he says ) that read his blackboard daily .
Not all Liberians who read his news are literate , so he makes use of symbols .
Whether it ’s a UN or military helmet , a poster of a soccer player or a bottle of colored water to denote gas prices , he is determined to get the message out in any way that he can .
To find out what recent customers paid for meals at the SAME Cafe , go to westword .com / slideshow .
The first thing Brad Birky does is hand me an apron .
" Would you mind starting on soup duty ? " he asks , guiding me toward two large industrial cookers near the front counter .
" This is tomato corn bisque , and this is lentil . "
Info SAME Cafe
The lunch rush is just starting at So All May Eat ( SAME ) Cafe , and soon I 'm ladling steaming servings of soup into a mismatched collection of bowls and mugs .
With me behind the counter are three more volunteers preparing pizza and dishing out salad and cookies to the growing line of customers , a cross-section of East Colfax Avenue foot traffic : latter - day flower children , sunburned day laborers , older women in librarian attire , laptop - toting students , professional bums , khaki- wearing businesspeople , vegan - core punker kids and the general miscellany of society that never appears in restaurant - industry demographics .
SAME has a menu that changes daily but always features food that 's made from scratch and is largely organic .
It has tables , chairs , bus bins , plants in the windows and overhead music ( usually a mix of classic rock ) .
But there 's one thing SAME does n't have : a cash register .
There 's no credit - card machine , no change drawer , no receipt book .
That 's because SAME does n't have prices .
Diners come in and order — some ask for just a cup of soup or a small slice of pizza , while others go for a whole meal , maybe even seconds if they 're really hungry — and then pay what they want .
The concept is the exact opposite of Denver Restaurant Week , now under way , in which more than 200 restaurants in the metro area are offering a meal for the set price of $ 52.80 for two .
DRW 's goal is to entice diners to eat out more by removing the uncertainty of the final tab .
After only an hour behind the counter at SAME , I can pick out the new customers the minute they step in the door .
Their eyes seek out numbers , first falling on the handwritten menu board , then drifting along the counter , searching for a printed menu with prices .
Before puzzlement becomes full - blown confusion , Brad usually steps in .
" Is this your first time here ? "
" Yes , " says a young couple , him with a beard and her with an extra - long scarf .
" We just moved into a place down the street . "
" Okay , " says Brad .
" So we 're a non -profit restaurant .
We operate on a pay - what - you - want model .
So we have no set prices .
We let our customers pick what they want to eat and then pay afterward , however much they wish .
If you can't pay anything , then we ask you to volunteer an hour helping in the cafe . "
" Oh , " both members of the couple reply .
" Okay . Cool . "
They glance at each other to make sure it really is cool , then place their orders and make their drink selections from a choice of coffee , tea , iced tea or water .
Brad hands each of them a small orange envelope with the number of their order .
After customers have eaten , they will put their payment in these envelopes , which then go through the slit of a small wooden box .
That 's the high technology upon which this business rests .
The cafe will serve 55 people over a three - hour period today — a stat that multiplies out to roughly 15,000 customers a year .
Some pay less than their share , some pay more , some pay nothing at all .
And yet somehow it all works out .
Libby Birky still remembers the reactions of their families when she and Brad first confessed their desire to open a restaurant with no prices .
Behind the smiles , the words of support and the offers of assistance were looks of deep concern .
Friends were intrigued but skeptical .
Loan officers and government officials were a bit more blunt .
" They told us we were crazy .
In those exact words , " she says .
And maybe they were a little crazy .
It was the kind of utopian , half - baked , vaguely Boulder - ish concept you 'd expect from old hippies or naive undergrads with more money than brains , not a pair of young professionals raised in the rural Midwest .
Central Illinois , to be precise .
The town closest to the farm where Brad grew up had a population of 900 .
His family is Mennonite , which is like being Amish but with less old - timey hats and butter - churning , and with more social - justice work among worldly folk .
Libby lived thirty miles away in a town that was a bit more cosmopolitan — it had a small college — but was still removed from the complexities of urban life .
She went to a Catholic elementary school and a Catholic high school and spent summers on missions building houses for the less fortunate .
After her freshman year at a Catholic college upstate , she met Brad through a mutual friend .
They clicked .
Not only did they share similar backgrounds , but their family setup was identical : dad in construction , mom working in the schools , brother , sister .
Brad and Libby married in 1998 and moved to a house situated exactly between their two families .
Libby was getting her master 's in gifted education ; Brad was working as an IT consultant .
But eventually they grew weary of their familiar surroundings and longed for a bigger city .
After visiting Denver for a wedding , they moved here in 2002 , found jobs and bought a handsome little place in the Baker neighborhood .
Brad still had an itch , though .
The IT gigs were bringing home the bacon , but what he really wanted was to cook the bacon , understand what flavors might go with the bacon , and serve the bacon in a way that maybe no one had thought of before .
He realized he wanted to be a chef , and enrolled in the two - year culinary program at Metropolitan State College of Denver .
" He really wanted to cook , and I supported that , " says Libby , who 'd gotten a job as a teacher .
" But I had worked as a waitress in high school and college , and I did n't want to live the restaurant lifestyle .
I did n't want him coming home at two in the morning because he closed at eleven and it takes three hours to close .
We thought , ' What can we do ? '
We 'd already been volunteering at soup kitchens and shelters and stuff — how could we connect these two ideas ? "
On a return flight from visiting relatives in Austin , Brad and Libby began brainstorming ideas , jotting notes in the margins of an airline magazine .
They thought about their past volunteer work in Illinois and serving meals at the Catholic Worker House in Five Points , and they decided they wanted to focus on the homeless population .
But they also wanted to break away from the traditional soup - kitchen model ( see story , page 12 ) .
Though they recognized it was highly efficient at filling bellies , they felt there was " a disconnect " between the people serving the food and the people eating it .
" We were on one side of the table and we were serving people on the other side of the tables and there was no dialogue , no conversation , " Libby remembers .
" It was like nameless faces , just a sea of masses of people . "
Even though they saw the same people week after week , they never really got to know any of them .
And the food ?
Well , it was soup - kitchen food .
" There were lots of times when Brad and I would look at each other and say , ' Oh , we 're going out to eat after this . '
And we had that privilege . "
But what if a soup kitchen served food so good that people with money chose to eat there , too ?
The cash from the customers who had the ability to pay would offset the cost of the people who could n't .
It turned out the Birkys were n't the first people to stumble on the pay - what - you - want restaurant concept .
A Google search found the One World Everybody Eats Cafe in Salt Lake City , which had been serving buffet - style meals without set prices , but with a paid staff , since 2003 .
Brad and Libby took a trip to Utah to meet with the owner , Denise Cerreta , and see how her place worked .
The dining room was set up like a cafeteria , with a sign that suggested customers calculate payments based on what they would expect to pay at a normal restaurant — $ 10 to $ 15 for a full meal .
They were then supposed to deposit their payment in a wooden " treasure chest . "
For those who could n't pay anything , One World offered such " complimentary " items as rice and lentils .
After seeing One World , the Birkys started thinking seriously about how their own place could work .
" We saw that One World was operating as a nonprofit , and we were wondering :
What are the benefits for us , and what makes the most sense ?
Is it a nonprofit , or is it a quirky little restaurant ? "
Libby recalls .
" That 's when we really decided to go for it , when we came back from One World . "
Unlike Utah , Colorado does not require a food handler 's permit for people working in commercial kitchens , so that would make it easier to find volunteers and do work - for - food trades , which would definitely help the budget .
So they started the process of applying for non-profit status in late 2005 and began looking for people to sit on their board of directors .
Finding them was easy .
Finding financing was not .
" Banks were n't loaning to us , " says Brad .
" There was no way we were going to get a loan , even in 2006 , when the money was still flowing .
Not for a restaurant , and especially not for a non -profit restaurant with no set price , for people who had no restaurant experience . "
" They really thought we were crazy , " Libby adds .
So the Birkys decided to cash in their IRAs and loan their business $ 30,000 , signing a promissory note to pay themselves back .
It took them six months to find a place for their restaurant , a storefront at 2023 East Colfax Avenue , and even though it had been a coffeehouse , they had to deal with all the city 's red tape .
By September 2006 , their money was draining away as they paid five grand for this , a thousand for that .
If they did n't open by November , they realized , their project would be dead before it even got off the ground .
On the phone with their architect one day , Libby broke down in tears .
" I can't believe we 're going to throw all the money at this project and never even see anything come out of this , " she recalls saying .
" We sunk all of our money into this , and we 're not even going to get to try it . "
But somehow the architect was able to pull the right strings so that SAME Cafe could open on October 20 , 2006 .
I was at SAME 's grand opening , an event attended mostly by friends , family members and other well - wishers .
I 'd heard about it from a local book publisher , Susan Newton , a member of SAME 's board of directors .
I found the cafe in a turn - of - the - century building on Colfax near York , surrounded by dive bars , thrift stores and a martial arts studio .
The space was small , maybe 1,000 square feet , with seating for only a dozen people .
The open kitchen area was also spare , with a few sinks , metal counters and a fridge .
The scene that night was hectic .
Brad , Libby and their supporters were darting around with beatific smiles , doing their best to act like they knew what the hell they were doing .
And the food was good .
I had a big salad .
My daughter gave a very positive review to the lemon sugar cookies — an endorsement no seven - year - old takes lightly .
I slipped ten bucks into the box and told the Birkys I thought their cafe was great .
When we got back into the car , I told my girlfriend they would n't last six months .
Brad is in the produce section of the Whole Foods in Capitol Hill , staring at the green peppers .
He picks one up and rolls it once in his hand like a baseball , then tosses it in the cart , where it joins cucumbers , carrots , boxes of green leaf lettuce , goat cheese , artichoke hearts and kosher salt .
It 's about ten degrees outside , and the tips of Brad 's ears are still tender from a two - hour run he took yesterday .
With his gaunt form and cloth eco bags , the 33 - year - old looks less like a restaurateur loading up on supplies than a guy getting ingredients for a large dinner party .
" I 'm shopping for today and tomorrow , " he says , maneuvering through the aisles .
" Got to get some corn — I 'm doing a roasted corn and green bean salad with roasted bell peppers .
I 'm doing a turkey veggie soup with vegetables — some squash , bell peppers , celery , carrots , onions .
Oh , and I 've got to get some portabellas for the pizza . "
He 's committed to buying organic produce whenever he can , even if it means paying higher prices .
Once a week , he drives out to a warehouse near Denver International Airport to pick up bulk items and produce from an organic - food distributor .
For paper goods and other stock supplies , he 'll hit up a Sam 's Club or Costco .
During the summer , he has a deal with Denver Botanic Gardens to get fruits and vegetables from its large , on - site community garden .
But the majority of Brad 's shopping is at Whole Foods .
SAME does n't get a discount , but last month the grocery store had a fundraising deal where it donated five cents from each sale to SAME ; it raised $ 1,200 for the cafe .
Brad 's total today rings up to $ 92.92 .
As he 's paying , he runs into James Foy , a friend and regular at the cafe .
Not so regular lately , though —
Foy 's been slammed at work .
So Brad updates him on the new developments .
After SAME 's grand opening , supporters donated a new mixer , a refrigerator , chairs and a new van .
People were paying ; the model was working .
Within ten months , they 'd repaid their loan to themselves .
Last year , Brad was able to quit his part - time job doing IT work for Qwest and pay himself to run the restaurant full - time .
SAME was doing so well that they leased the adjacent storefront , knocking out a wall , doubling their square footage , putting in a second bathroom and adding 24 more seats .
And last month , they hired an employee — a teacher Libby had worked with — to operate the Saturday - evening shift , giving the Birkys time to catch up on other duties like rotating stock , crafting the next week 's menu and answering the deluge of e-mails they receive from would - be volunteers .
" So you and Libby are actually going to get a Saturday evening off ? "
Foy says .
" Brad , that 's so hedonistic .
Shameful . "
Foy remembers when the couple was pulling seventy - to eighty - hour weeks .
Brad would be at the cafe all day while Libby taught ; at 4 p.m. , she 'd come in to do the cleaning and stocking while he left for Qwest .
Maybe they'd have time for a high - five as they passed each other .
So compared to that , yes , it does seem a bit hedonistic for Brad to get the chance to really craft his menus , working off the basic theme of soup , salad and pizza .
While Brad loads the SAMEmobile — a new Dodge truck recently donated by a small family foundation —
Foy ponders a restaurant that feeds the poor buying its food stock from one of the most overpriced , affluent grocery chains on the planet .
" Business is business , " says Foy , who works in software sales .
" If you understand business and margins , you can make it work . "
He met the Birkys six years ago through local charity work .
" People want to help people who are helping people , " he says .
" As a Catholic , I understand goodwill , I understand what motivates people to help .
But really , it 's because their food is good . "
Foy is a self - proclaimed foodie who thinks about such things as fine wine , aged meat and stinky cheeses .
He likes going to SAME because the food is fresh and stripped down .
" It sounds simplistic , but they 've reintroduced me to tomato soup , " he explains .
" I love tomato soup now .
Things do n't have to be that complex .
And for some people who have been eating so bad , it can awaken their sense of things tasting good and knowing what that feels like . "
" There 's a lot to be said for simplicity , " Brad agrees .
" You go out to a lot of restaurants , and a lot of the pastas are pre-packaged stuff .
There 's so many flavors in there that people do n't know what chicken tastes like .
What salad without thousands of calories on top tastes like .
We like to keep it basic , because sometimes simple is good . "
But not that simple .
Brad 's particularly proud of one soup he concocted .
" Apple bacon tomato , " he says .
" The sweetness of the apple , the smokiness of the bacon .
It had this great contrast to it . "
I 'm standing at the counter holding the sharpest knife I can find , trying to chop a fig .
I tell the other volunteer , Era Strelnikova , that I have never seen a whole dried fig before .
She 's shocked .
" Really ? " she says .
" I can't believe that .
They 're so good . "
Eventually I figure it out and make long slices in the withered little balls .
The figs are for a salad that Strelnikova has devised from ingredients she found in the fridge .
Strelnikova lives nearby and helps out at SAME a couple of times a week as a way to indulge her passion for experimenting with food .
In real life , she 's the head of the economics department at Red Rocks Community College .
I ask what she thinks about the concept of a restaurant without prices .
She says that when she tells relatives in Russia about the place , " they all say it has to be a front for some kind of scam .
They are certain of it . "
She does n't see any scams at SAME , but she does see an interesting economics lesson .
" If you 're talking about a regular , neo - classical economic model , at the onset of that there is the assumption that a person is rational , meaning they will not deliberately make themselves worse off .
Incentives in the regular neo-classical , free - market economy are always monetary , " she says .
" There really is no place for reciprocity .
And we know now that in reality , people respond not only to monetary incentives , but they also respond to reciprocity .
You ca n't explain giving using free - market theory . "
Still , the concept is n't far from the free - market - inspired policies used to reform large - scale public housing in the United States over the past decade .
" It 's called cross- subsidization , " says Karen Lado , who runs the Denver office of Enterprise Community Partners , a national organization that provides financing for affordable - housing projects .
Since the mid-'90s , housing authorities across the nation have been tearing down the huge residential towers — you know , the projects — that had concentrated poverty into epicenters of unemployment , crime and drug use .
Now governments work with non-profit development corporations to build mixed - income affordable - housing projects , where an individual who pays a relatively high price enables another individual to pay a relatively low price .
The Denver Housing Authority 's ongoing redevelopment of Curtis Park , for example , strives for a mix of small rentals , townhomes and houses , some of which are subsidized and others that are rented at market rate .
The motivation is both economic and social .
" If it looks like public housing , it 's stigmatized , " Lado points out .
" People are more willing to accept mixed housing . "
But the principle works on the lowest rung of the income ladder , too .
In recent years , the Colorado Coalition for the Homeless has used a complicated system of tax credits and grants to construct several loft projects to house homeless individuals with little or no income .
To cover debt payments and other costs such as maintenance , the buildings include nicer , multi- bedroom units for downtown workers who qualify for affordable rent .
By mixing the soup - kitchen crowd with everyday eaters , the Birkys hope to create a similar community .
In a way , they want to de-ghettoize food .
They 're part of a growing movement .
In 2005 , Indian diners were delighted to discover a restaurant where you could pay what you want .
Similar spots have popped up around the globe : a French bistro in London , a bakery in Ontario , Lentils as Anything in Australia , Der Weiner Deewan in Vienna .
One World recently opened pay - what - you - wish restaurants in North Carolina .
South Carolina and Spokane .
The Terra Bite Lounge , a coffee shop / deli based in the upscale Seattle suburb of Kirkland , also operates on a " voluntary payment system . "
Customers order their soy lattes and bagel sandwiches and then pay whatever they want .
" We do n't ask for charity , " pronounces Terra 's website .
" We believe we have better coffee and much better food than the cafe chains .
All we ask is that those who can pay what they would elsewhere . "
But not every experiment has been successful .
The Shell Creek Grill & Wine Bar in Washington experimented with a price - free model last year but closed in December ; owners blamed the poor economic conditions .
For four years , the upscale Six 89 restaurant in Carbondale offered a " Pay What You Think " night every October , when prices were deleted from the menu and customers asked to pay whatever they thought the meal was worth ( drinks and tip not included ) .
But the restaurant gave up on the idea in 2006 , after it became clear that diners were confused about overpaying or underpaying .
Marketing researchers in Germany recently published " Pay What You Want : A New Participating Pricing Mechanism , " outlining the results of pay - what - you - want experiments in a buffet - style Persian restaurant , a cinema and a delicatessen .
( It cost me $ 22 to buy the study online ; personally , I would 've rather paid more like $ 7 . )
During the study period , revenues at the cinema fell , which the researchers attributed to a customer perception that the movies were already overpriced .
The average payment at the buffet went down slightly , but the owner ended up making a larger profit because volume increased so much .
And at the deli , the average payment for drinks actually rose .
This could have been because of the relatively low cost of beverages , but the researchers also pointed to the high amount of face - to - face contact that the deli owner had with his customers .
This , they suggested , contributed to positive feelings toward the cafe , and customers did n't want to shortchange someone they 'd built a relationship with .
" By implementing PWYW , the seller can demonstrate to consumers that he or she believes in the quality of the products because lower prices can compensate for inferior quality , " the researchers wrote .
" It may also increase the chance of word of mouth and build up a positive pricing image among consumers . "
Back at SAME , Strelnikova is really cooking .
" You keep on thinking that if these people have an incentive to freeload , they will .
But economic theory is just inept at explaining that .
Here you are , giving someone an incentive to freeload or get something for a penny , " she says .
" But here they are making quite a bit of sales and quite a bit of money .
So I do think there has to be something else at work , because , again , people do n't only operate on monetary incentives .
If they like something , they are willing to pay a little bit more for it .
Music , food , books , anything .
If they really like it , you do n't have to persuade them to pay for it .
They will be willing . "
The idea of letting consumers pay what they want got lots of play early last year when Radiohead decided to release its new album on its website using a model that let fans pay whatever they wanted , even nothing .
The band reported that downloads of In Rainbows out - grossed all previous albums put together , sending it to number one on the Billboard charts .
Good vibes might work if you 're a mega - popular British band or a neighborhood deli , but how far will they go when you 're catering to skid row ?
Brad reports that in the past six months , the average donation has gone down by about a dollar , while the number of people coming through the door has increased roughly 20 percent .
If SAME 's model relies on the benevolence of people who can pay , what happens when fewer people have the money to be benevolent ?
On a recent Saturday , both Brad and Libby are working the counters , even though their part - timer is on hand , along with several volunteers from a local running - shoe store .
One little kid helping out with his mom is flattening pizza dough into a disk with the concentration of a chess champion .
The list for volunteer slots is sometimes booked weeks in advance — perhaps because an hour of labor earns volunteers a meal , and today 's menu board lists " Turkey , Cranberry and Brie Pizza , " " Wisconsin Beer Cheese Soup " and " Orange , Fennel and Greens Salad . "
Brad 's inspiration for the pizza was a sandwich he ate at a Capitol Hill sandwich shop right after Thanksgiving .
" I liked it so much , I pretty much decided to copy it , " he confesses .
" Just spread out into a pizza . "
During the months away from the computer screen , Brad 's yakking abilities have flourished .
But 32 - year - old Libby is still the unquestionable extrovert in the relationship .
A teacher for gifted fifth - and sixth - graders at the Logan School , her conversations seem to move in one long flow between volunteers , patrons , friends and friends - of - friends stopping by to chat about the soup , the kids , the weather , types of tea , warm jackets , cookies , etc .
Finally , she heads to the back and down the narrow stairs to the basement space they use for an office and storage , where it 's easier to really talk .
On a table are several wooden boards painted with words like " Believe . "
Signs bearing such inspirational quotes as " A person 's true wealth is the good they do in the world " account for a majority of the art in the restaurant upstairs .
Libby says they display these inspirational sayings from Gandhi , Mother Teresa and Barbara Bush in order to cultivate an uplifting , positive environment for their customers , many of whom may need some inspiration : single mothers with multiple jobs , elderly with fixed incomes , recently laid - off workers and the homeless , some who struggle with mental illness .
Running the cafe has " really opened our eyes , " she says , explaining that when you 're poor , sick or living on the streets , you tend to eat badly , which makes you feel worse .
" That 's why I think that everyone deserves to eat really well .
When you 're putting good stuff in your body and you 're feeling good about what you 're taking in , you can put good energy back into the world .
I think it 's really important .
If nothing else , it alleviates a lot of health - care costs . "
But buying that good food is a major cost for SAME — about $ 2,000 a month .
That 's also what the Birkys pay for rent .
Utilities run about $ 175 a month .
Though their non -profit status gets them out of some taxes , they still must pay the city the 8.1 percent tax on all sales , plus a small payroll tax .
Paper goods run about $ 50 a month , although some of that is donated .
According to John Imbergamo , a longtime Denver restaurant consultant , every dollar spent at a typical restaurant breaks down something like this : 30 cents goes to food costs , 25 cents to labor , 10 cents to rent , another 25 cents to things like utilities , insurance and other services .
What 's left over for potential profit averages around 8 to 10 cents .
Imbergamo thinks the pay - what - you - want model would be very difficult for a for - profit restaurant to pull off .
" The fact is , there are people who walk into a restaurant and leave thinking , ' Well , I could have made that at home for much less than I paid , ' " he explains .
" And the food cost of what we 're putting on the plate in most cases is only 30 percent .
So if you pay ten dollars for a meal and you walk out of there thinking , ' I could have made that for three dollars , ' you 're probably right . "
But most people do n't take into account all the other expenses that go into a restaurant meal , like rent and labor .
Imbergamo is on the board of Work Options for Women , a Denver nonprofit that trains women on welfare for jobs in the food industry .
WOW currently operates a cafeteria inside the Denver Department of Health and Human Services building ; next month , it will open a restaurant at 1650 Curtis Street .
Cafe Options will have the look and feel of a commercial breakfast and lunch spot , a " Panera Bread / Paradise Bakery sort of thing , " he says .
" The interior design was done by a professional firm .
It 's going to look cool and nice .
There might even be people who do n't know there 's a mission involved with this . "
The decision not to portray Cafe Options as a non-profit effort was a conscious one , since informal focus groups indicated that some consumers looking for a quick bite were less likely to come in if they thought the place was a charity .
" And , more important , " Imbergamo adds , " the women who are working there need to understand what the real world is , so we wanted to portray it as a real - world situation . "
He points to two reasons why SAME is making it in the real world .
First , most of the workers are volunteers , and the owners have been getting paychecks from other jobs .
" Plus , there 's the benevolence factor among clientele that allows them to make up for people who do n't pay enough to cover cost , " he says .
" There must be people who go in there and spend more than what they would in an average restaurant because that would support the mission .
Instead of giving ten dollars to the Salvation Army , they 're giving it to the cafe . "
The Birkys certainly recognize the benevolence factor in SAME 's success .
Brad says he 's struggled with how to deal with those customers who take advantage of other people 's benevolence .
" I 've had to approach a few folks to tell them , ' Hey , you need to start contributing , even if it 's doing dishes , ' " he says .
" It 's a tough balance .
We wanted it to be like there 's no pressure , there 's no one watching — to a point . "
The few times that point has been crossed , it was by a person uncontrollably drunk or rude to staff .
" And we walk them to the door and still try to be nice , but say , ' You 're not welcome here , ' " Brad says .
" Every once in a while you have to say something to somebody because they 're blatantly abusing the privilege of being in here and , just like , ' We reserve the right to refuse service to anybody . ' "
At SAME one day , I meet a 43 - year - old man who calls himself Coyote and says he 's been living on the streets since 2002 , after a bad divorce .
He sleeps in an alleyway nearby , in a spot he refuses to divulge ; he 's fearful that others might take his place if word gets out .
And he knows there 's demand :
The economy is so bad that his daily panhandling efforts have been netting far less of late .
" I eat sometimes out of the garbage over there behind Popeye's , " he says .
" I eat out behind Pete 's over there and then sometimes I go behind Burger King . "
He 'll also go to free weekly meals at places like the Church in the City , but he avoids heading downtown to the shelter kitchens .
" Sometimes it 's not worth going fucking five , ten miles out of your way to go get something .
Then you 've got to panhandle money to get on the bus and got to go there and got to transfer .
Sometimes it 's pretty good , but sometimes when there 's a lot of people , there ain't nothing left and you gotta wait in line .
And they got cookies , and people are taking three or four and there 's a whole line — c'mon , now , there 's other people , man .
Grab one and go .
There 's just not enough to go around , I guess . "
Even though he hangs out in this neighborhood , for a long time he thought SAME was a normal restaurant , so he stayed away .
But then someone told him he could come here to eat even if he did n't have money .
" It 's pretty good here , " he says .
" I got a slice of pizza , the one with the tomatoes on it . "
" That 's all you got ? " I ask .
" I only had 35 cents , " he replies .
But there 's no set price , I point out .
" You could 've gotten as much as you wanted . "
" I do n't know . "
He shrugs .
" I only had 35 cents . "
Michael Loveland is wearing full camouflage fatigues and army boots .
He just got back from a fifteen - month stint in Iraq and is still waiting for a check from the Army , he explains between bites of pizza .
His girlfriend , Julia , an eighteen - year - old with sad eyes , sits across from him .
" And she 's pregnant , so , yeah , I 'm having a hard time right now , " Michael says .
A guy from a veterans ' assistance group told him about SAME .
" It 's different , " says Julia .
" It 's like a healthier choice .
It 's pizza that has good stuff on it . "
" She 's pregnant , so it 's good for her , " Michael notes .
Although he wo n't say how much they 'll pay for this meal , he adds that " we 'll probably come back after I get my check . "
But for every hard - luck story , there 's another from someone who chooses to spend money at SAME over other restaurants .
I catch Kendra and Sarah on their way out .
Together they had four slices of pizza , two salads and two iced teas ; they paid twenty dollars .
I ask how they calculated their payment .
Kendra says she thought about the cost of the food , " the implications of how many people they have to serve , " and big - picture stuff like how local , organic fare is " easier on the environment . "
Sarah notes how trust factors into the decision .
" When I tell people about this place , they say , ' Well , I would pay a fair price , but nobody else would , ' " she says .
" But you have to get over that because it does work .
People do pay . "
Greg and Brad , another pair of diners , would n't look out of place grabbing lunch at some sit - down joint on the 16th Street Mall .
When this Brad first heard about SAME , " I thought it would be full of homeless people , dirty , crowded , " he admits .
" But then I walked by one day and said , ' Hey , it 's not supposed to look like that . '
It 's very clean and well organized , and I like the food . "
Today at SAME , he and Greg each ordered single slices of chicken , goat cheese , spinach and cranberry pizza , as well as small garden salads and coffee , and each paid $ 5 .
Bob and Iris also paid $ 5 each .
James paid $ 1.50 .
Greg and Becky threw in $ 15 .
Raven paid nothing but signed up to volunteer .
Dewey paid $ 5 . Renda , who 's been living in her truck for the past year , paid no money — but she spends several hours every day at SAME washing dishes .
" I have the cleanest hands on Colfax , " she laughs , then grows wistful .
" It means everything for me to be here .
Everything .
It keeps me out of the bars .
It keeps me straight . "
The envelopes keep actual payments confidential .
They also serve as helpful reminders for customers of their duty to pay for meals through work or cash , Brad says .
But Brad does n't really care who pays what .
He does n't even look to see what 's in each envelope , preferring to pour the money out and then count the entire pile .
After a full day of volunteering , I ask if he would be willing to count the amount in each envelope .
" We 've really tried to focus on the idea that everyone deserves to eat , no matter how much they can pay , " he protests .
But eventually he agrees .
Out of 55 envelopes , seven are empty .
One has a piece of string with beads on it ; two others are stuffed with bits of napkins to make it appear that money was included .
Some contain as little as 25 cents , but other envelopes hold tens and twenties , and one has $ 23 .
The total take for the day is $ 201.45 .
This averages out to $ 3.66 per meal .
Brad figures his food cost per meal at around $ 2 .
As long as he can cover that , the rest can go back into the business .
The Birkys keep food costs down by reducing waste .
By buying ingredients fresh every two days , things rarely go bad .
And since customers know they can come back for seconds , they 're less likely to over - order .
An entire day 's trash from SAME will usually fill just half of a large trash bag — a striking fact in contrast to the National Restaurant Association 's estimate that 20 percent of all food goes to waste .
The Birkys have been approached by people who say they want to start similar restaurants in other Colorado cities , and a woman in Boulder is currently raising funds to start a pay - what - you - want eatery , Brad says .
SAME is doing well enough that the Birkys are now thinking about diversifying the menu , maybe expanding their hours beyond lunch Tuesday through Friday , and until 8 p.m. on Saturday .
" I knew it all along it would work , " says Libby .
" Even in this kind of economy in the last three months , when we 've seen an increase in customers and a decrease in the amount of the donation box , it still works because our overhead is so low and because we rely on the majority of work to be done by volunteers .
We only need a couple bucks a person to make ends meet .
Pay the electric bill , put gas in the truck , pay the insurance , buy the good food . "
And serve it with dignity .
Libby talks a lot about dignity .
Cooking with dignity , working with dignity , eating with dignity .
Dignity in the belly , dignity in the mind .
I think about this as I sweep the floors in my apron .
It 's near closing time , and I work the broom around a table where a man is finishing the last of his soup .
He 's in his late forties , maybe , African - American , with an overstuffed backpack and an old windbreaker .
He looks like the type of person that SAME was created for , the sort of customer others would subsidize .
I ask for his name and his story , but he declines to give either .
Then , out of the corner of my eye , I see him pull a dollar bill and all the change from his pocket — probably just over two bucks — and stuff it into his envelope .
He puts his bowl in the bus bin and carries it around to the sink .
As he walks out , past the front windows , I see that he has a sign of his own tucked under his arm : " Will Work for Food . "
*
* NASA 's Swift Gamma - Ray Explorer satellite took this shot of Comet Lulin on Jan. 28 , and regular folks may be able to catch their own glimpse with binoculars on February 23 .
The image was taken as the comet was passing through the constellation Libra , 100 million miles from Earth and 115 million miles from the sun .
It combines data from Swift 's optical and ultraviolet telescope
( the blue colors ) and its X - ray telescope ( red ) .
The star - field background comes from a Digital Sky Survey image .
Lulin 's tail — grit and grains from the comet 's rock - and - ice surface pushed off into space by solar radiation — extends to the right .
Lulin is shedding 800 gallons of water every second , according to NASA astronomers .
That 's enough to fill an Olympic - size swimming pool in less than 15 minutes .
Solar radiation also breaks comet water down into hydroxyl particles , composed of one oxygen and one hydrogen atom .
Swift determined that the hydroxyl cloud around Lulin is about 250,000 miles wide , slightly greater than the distance from the Earth to the moon .
Lulin , discovered in July 2007 , is now visible to the naked eye in dark , rural skies .
But the view will get better :
On the night of Feb. 23 , Lulin will pass within 38 million miles of Earth , appearing about 2 degrees south - southwest of Saturn in the night sky .
Stargazers with binoculars should get a good look .
By mid-March , Lulin will have zoomed off into deep space and out of sight .
See Also :
Image : NASA / Swift / Univ. of Leicester / DSS ( STScl , AURUA ) / Bodewits et al .
But it gets better .
Consider the fact that nerves naturally have the power not only to send electrical signals , but to receive them as well .
We see a great example of this in the form of the aforementioned cochlear implant , which works by receiving sound and translating it into electrical impulses that are used to directly stimulate the auditory nerves , bypassing most , if not all of the parts of the ear most effected by normal forms of hearing loss . )
Working with this knowledge , it becomes clear that it is not only theoretically possible to create completely functional prosthetic appendages with a full range of normal nerve - like tactile sensors , but it seems very likely that the next logical step in the design of artificial arms and legs manufactured for widespread use would take this form .
Beyond even that , consider the advances science has made in mind / machine interface technologies like the Cyberkinetics BrainGate chip , which can actually allow a quadriplegic man the ability to access , read , and write emails , or the culture of rat brain cells that was connected to a neural interface and taught to fly a military aircraft almost as well as our boys in the Air Force .
But working our way through this realm , we begin to tread on the ground of the second motivation for getting thoroughly ‘ borged by the technology of tomorrow - power .
The second motivation is one that is primarily the domain of the scientist , the eager researcher keen on enhancing his own seemingly inefficient organic form and transforming himself into something more than human , if only for convenience 's sake .
This has taken the form of a number of different implantable devices , the most common being RFID tags , or subdermal microchips that transmit personal information VIA radio frequencies and can be configured to do everything from providing medical information ( including allergies and blood type ) , bank and credit card information ( for fast , easy , cardless transactions ) , the verification necessary to open electronic locks , and even GPS compatible signals that would allow the implantee to be tracked VIA satellite no matter where he or she went .
Mashable is proud to present the 2nd Annual Open Web Awards , a unique opportunity for the most accomplished websites and services to achieve international recognition across scores of influential blogs .
Last year 's Open Web Awards achieved over 250,000 votes combined between Mashable and our 50 international blog partners .
This year we 've doubled in size : nearly 100 blog partners have signed up from 18 countries , providing unprecedented global coverage for the nominees and winners .
You can read more about the timeline , categories , rules , sponsors and blog partners at the Open Web Awards site .
Nominations are OPEN !
The 2nd Annual Open Web Awards is now accepting nominations in 26 categories via the widget below .
You may nominate a site / company in as many categories as you see fit .
However , there is only one nomination per category per e-mail address , so choose wisely .
Nominate NOW !
Nominations close Sunday , November 16th at 11:59 pm PST .
Nominate now and start campaigning !
And feel free to embed this widget on your own blog or website by clicking the " Grab This " button !
Start Canvassing for YOUR Candidate !
Want others to nominate your favorite site ?
Of course you do !
Why not leave a comment here and on any of our international partner blogs encouraging other readers to add their support ?
The more you promote your candidate across these blogs , the more likely it is for your site to be nominated !
Visit our International Blog Partners ... and Become One !
There are nearly 100 Open Web Awards Blog Partners representing 18 countries and 7 languages .
Our selection represents tech blogs of all varieties : some well known , some up - and - coming .
We encourage you to visit them and subscribe .
We will also be promoting these partners throughout the contest , and each blog partner receives one vote per category to decide the " Blogger 's Choice " Winners .
What 's more , Mashable is still accepting applications for Blog Partners !
OWA Sponsors Love The Web
The Open Web Awards is made possible by our sponsors .
By supporting the Open Web Awards , these companies reward and encourage innovative web technologies .
We can't thank them enough for sharing our passion : building great web companies .
Platinum Partner
" Partner Up brings small business and social networking together to create a community where entrepreneurs find the people , resources and information to grow their businesses . "
Gold Sponsors
" iStockphoto is the world 's leading image market and a revenue - sharing social network .
Browse 3.5 million images and videos starting at $ 1 or become a contributor . "
" With Quintura ’s advanced visual - based search and analytics solution , content publishers can increase site usage while creating new ad revenues "
" Infinite and Instant , Zazzle is the only on - demand retail platform for consumers and major brands , offering billions of retail quality , one - of - a - kind products , most of which are produced within 24 hours . "
SEOUL , South Korea ( CNN ) -- Japan said Friday that it could shoot down the satellite that North Korean officials said they plan to launch .
Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Takeo Kawamura says it has the right to shoot down the satellite .
" Japan is legally able to shoot down the object to secure safety if it looks like it will fall on to Japan , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Takeo Kawamura said during a news conference .
North Korea had informed an international organization that it plans to launch a satellite .
Yonhap , South Korea 's state - sponsored news agency , said the launch was slated for April 4 to 8 .
The announcement has triggered international consternation .
U.S. and South Korean officials have long said the North is actually preparing to test - fire a long - range missile under the guise of a satellite launch .
The missile , Taepodong - 2 , is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles ( 6,700 kilometers ) , which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii .
A U.N. Security Council resolution in 2006 banned North Korea from conducting ballistic missile testing .
Japanese officials said they could shoot down the object whether it is a missile or a satellite .
" As the U.N. resolutions prohibit ( North Korea ) from engaging in ballistic missile activities , we still consider it to be a violation of a technical aspect , even if ( the North ) claims it is a satellite .
We will discuss the matter with related countries based on this view , " said Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone .
Japan's Prime Minister Taro Aso added : " No matter what they call it , a satellite or anything , it will violate U.N. Security Council Resolution .
We must lodge a stern protest through the U.N. and strongly demand it be called off . "
CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • South Korea • Hillary Clinton
Join the Revolution .
Sign the Petition Today !
Sign this petition by filling out the form below .
We 'll include your online signature in a petition report delivered to every member of the House and Senate as well as the office of President Barack Obama .
As this is a U.S. petition , it is open only to U.S. citizens and residents .
( Required fields in bold ) .
This petition is endorsed by :
• The Organic Consumers Association ( OrganicConsumers.org )
• The Life Extension Foundation ( LEF.org )
• American Association for Health Freedom ( HealthFreedom.net )
• Citizens for Health ( Citizens.org )
• NaturalNews.com and the Consumer Wellness Center ( ConsumerWellness.org )
( Add your organization to this list by emailing [ email protected ] )
First Name :
Last Name :
Organization :
Street Address 1 :
Street Address 2 : ( optional ) :
City :
State :
Choose a State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY AS FM GU MH MP PR PW VI AB BC MB NB NL NS NT NU ON PE QC SK YT Zip code :
Email address : ( required for authentication ) :
( Email is kept 100 % private and is not shared with anyone , nor used without your permission for any commercial purposes . )
Website address ( optional ) : ( used to link back to you at your request , see below ) :
YES , you may publicly display my name and website as a supporter of this petition ( only your first name and last initial are displayed , your email and other details are kept private ) Screen name / Nick name to use instead of your real name ( if you checked the above checkbox )
Subscribe to Health Revolution Petition email updates ( can unsubscribe at any time ) Receive email information about the upcoming Health Revolution Tour coming to major U.S. cities in 2009 Simple , honest terms and conditions :
By signing this petition , you agree to allow us to add your petition entry to our database , and to deliver your information to members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S. President as part of a collection of petition signatures .
We agree to protect your email privacy and other private details .
With your permission ( if you check the checkbox , above ) we will publicize your name and website as a supporter of this petition .
This petition is a completely non-commercial effort , and nothing is for sale here .
Petition Authorship Credit :
This petition was authored and organized by Mike Adams , editor of NaturalNews.com , with the considerable help and input of many health freedom attorneys and advocates , including Scott Tips , Bill Faloon , Jonathan Emord , Jim Turner and Byron Richards .
The Consumer Wellness Center thanks all the individuals who took part in creating this petition , and keeping it aligned with the principles of liberty and freedom .
Help Support The Hard Costs Association With This Petition The Consumer Wellness Center is a 501 ( c ) 3 non-profit organization that needs your help to pay for the costs associated with hosting this site , printing the petition and delivering it to all members of Congress .
Would you please donate $ 10 or more to help support this petition effort ?
( All donations are tax deductible and go directly to the Consumer Wellness Center , which is funding this petition effort . )
Thank you .
- Mike Adams
The Health Revolution Petition Help us reach our goal of 100,000 signatures of the Health Revolution Petition !
Signatures received since launch day ( February 24 , 2009 ) : We , the People of these United States of America , hereby call for revolutionary changes in our health care system that encourage health and prosperity instead of disease and corporate profit .
Specifically , we call for : 1 . Federal government encouragement and reward for the People taking personal responsibility for their own health - A full federal income tax deduction , with no minimum , for the purchase of any product , service , or device that is intended for use in the improvement of health .
This includes , but is not limited to , dietary and herbal supplements , gym memberships , health coaching services , exercise equipment , Complementary and Alternative Medicine ( CAM ) therapies or any other health - enhancing products and services .
-
The immediate creation of an investigatory panel , comprised of leaders from both conventional and naturopathic backgrounds , that would investigate the " Citizens In Charge " debit card health care system described at www.HealthRevolutionPetition.org/CitizensInCharge.html
* The " Citizens In Charge " health care system is a " socialized - free - market " system of health care that eliminates all health insurance and puts health care decisions back into the hands of the People , allowing them to spend their government - provided health care funds on any health - related products or services they choose ( conventional , alternative , licensed or unlicensed ) .
*
The investigatory panel shall report on the economic viability ( and potential savings ) of the program , as well as the likely improvements in health care outcomes .
This report shall be made publicly available on the internet for all citizens to read and discuss .
2 . Restore Health Freedom to All Americans and Legalize Healing - Allow all practitioners of the healing arts , licensed or otherwise , the freedom to practice healing arts with the consent of patients .
End all government persecution of alternative and complementary care practitioners and clinics .
- End FDA oppression of free speech about health products and therapies .
- Protect access to dietary supplements , colloidal silver , medicinal herbs and anti-cancer products .
- End FTC and FDA assaults on the Free Speech rights of natural health companies who accurately describe the health benefits of their products .
- Affirm the rights of American moms and dads to choose to avoid mandatory vaccinations of their children .
- End federal assaults ( DEA ) on the possession or sale of medicinal plants that have been medically recognized and legalized by States such as California .
- Legalize Healing : End state monopoly medical licensing laws that grant conventional medical authorities absolute power to decide who can or cannot practice medicine .
3 . End FDA Tyranny , Censorship and Corruption - End the FDA 's definition of a " drug " and strip it of authority to censor truthful health claims about dietary supplements .
- End revolving door employment between the FDA and Big Pharma ; fire current FDA employees and advisors with past financial ties to Big Pharma .
- Require full disclosures of financial conflicts of interest of FDA managers , scientists and decision panel members .
- End the FDA 's Big Pharma - initiated attack on compounding pharmacies and bioidentical hormone therapy .
- Investigate the FDA 's collusion with pharmaceutical companies in hiding clinical trial data from the American public .
4 . Protect the Food Supply - Ban GMOs in the U.S. food supply .
- Ban harmful food additives : MSG , aspartame and sodium nitrite .
- Require honest labeling of irradiated foods .
- Require country - of - origin labeling for all foods sold in the U.S. - Ban the importation of foods using pesticides outlawed in the U.S. - Save California 's almond growers and end the fumigation of raw almonds .
- Require honest investigation into mad cow disease and the questionable practices of factory animal farms .
- Only permit " harmonization " of our healthcare and food laws with other nations if all the freedoms and rights mentioned in this petition are respected and guaranteed both domestically and in the harmonizing nation .
5 . Restore Honest Science to Medicine - Require the open , timely publication of all medical studies .
- Require open disclosure of all ties between study authors , researchers and for - profit entities .
- Require clinical trial results to report ABSOLUTE numbers , not just relative numbers .
- Require long - term testing of drugs ( at least 12 months ) before approval in order to determine real - world side effects .
- Require safety testing of multiple drug combinations that are commonly prescribed to real patients .
- End disease mongering and the psychiatric medication of infants and toddlers .
Outlaw the drugging of young children with mind - altering chemicals such as ADHD drugs .
6 . End Era of Big Pharma Domination Over Health Care -
End all drug - company - funded " benefits " to doctors , including vacation - style CME events , speaking fees , consulting fees and author fees .
- Investigate and prosecute drug company executives for intentionally hiding negative drug trial data and misleading the public about the safety of their products .
- Get Big Pharma out of medical schools .
- Guarantee the right of consumers to sue drug companies and medical device manufacturers for damages caused by unsafe products .
- Restore power to the FTC to regulate commercial drug advertising practices .
- Modify the Food , Drug and Cosmetic
Act to double product liability and personal injury awards involving any pharmaceuticals that are advertised in a Direct - To - Consumer ( DTC ) manner .
- Enact legislation that would impose substantial criminal penalties for executives of drug companies that advertise drugs for which serious adverse events were known by the company at the time the drug was submitted to the FDA for approval .
- Regulate direct - to - consumer ( DTC ) advertising of prescription medications by removing its jurisdiction from the FDA and shifting it to the FTC , which is normally the agency that exercises jurisdiction over commercial advertising .
Additionally : * Require such ads to prominently and conspicuously display , for a period of no less than five seconds , a toll - free phone number that drug consumers may use to report drug side effects .
* Disallow the practice of using celebrity spokespersons for the promotion of any drug .
* Disallow ads that exaggerate claims of drug benefits or that do not accurately reflect the scientific findings of clinical trials .
* Require all statistical claims of drug benefits to be stated in absolute numbers , not relative numbers .
* Require drug side effects reports gathered through the toll - free phone number to be reported on a timely basis to the FDA .
* Require the FTC to disallow pharmaceutical " lifestyle advertising " that suggests taking a drug will dramatically transform the lifestyle of the patient .
Lifestyle advertising sends a dangerous message that the " before " person ( depressed , miserable , unhealthy - looking ) will be magically changed into the " after " person ( healthy , vibrant , happy , energetic and sexy ) by taking the drug .
7 . Protect Children From Products
That Compromise Their Health - Restrict commercial advertising of junk foods , sodas and caffeine energy drinks to programming hours not commonly viewed by children .
- Eliminate junk food and soda vending machines from all schools and public buildings .
-
Get processed foods out of the school lunch program and encourage the use of fresh , unprocessed foods .
-
End mandatory vaccination requirements ( as per section 2 , above ) , restoring this decision to parents .
8 . Ban Man-Made , Non-Natural Cancer - Causing Chemicals in Cosmetics and Personal Care Products - Ban man-made , non-natural chemicals in cosmetics that have not been proven safe .
- Require government - funded testing of commonly used man-made , non-natural chemicals to determine their safety .
- Require honest labeling of cosmetics and personal care products with appropriate cancer warnings .
- Recognize that the skin absorbs chemicals , and chemicals used on the skin can enter the bloodstream .
9 . Invest in Disease Prevention - Encourage and permit tax deductions for routine testing of vitamin D as part of routine patient exams .
- Encourage vitamin D supplementation and sensible sunlight exposure to correct deficiencies .
- Teach the population about nutrition , vitamin D , medicinal foods and disease prevention by using Public Service Announcements .
10 . Protect the Environment from Drug and Chemical Companies - Require the EPA to investigate the environmental impact of pharmaceuticals in the water supply .
-
End the chemical fluoridation of public water supplies .
- Require hospitals , pharmacies and nursing homes to dispose of expired pharmaceuticals in an environmentally - conscious away that avoids more drugs being flushed down the drain and passing intact through waste water treatment facilities and then into our bodies when we consume tap water .
Note :
The actual wording of this petition may change slightly over time for purposes of clarity and completeness .
Any changes will be minor and shall honor the spirit and substance of the petition text you are reading now .
This petition was authored and organized by Mike Adams , editor of NaturalNews.com , with the considerable help and input of many health freedom attorneys and advocates , including Scott Tips , Bill Faloon , Jonathan Emord , Jim Turner and others .
The Consumer Wellness Center thanks all the individuals who took part in creating this petition , and keeping it aligned with the principles of liberty and freedom .
Open the petition in a new window
Read about the revolutionary " Citizens In Charge " system
Leaderboard of top Revolutionaries ( petition supporters ) : See all Friend Point scores : ( click here to check your score )
458 friend points - Naomi S of Bonsall , CA
http://www.rawgourmet.com
321 friend points - bewellbuzz.com of Las Vegas , NV
http://www.bewellbuzz.com
103 friend points - Barbie Barbell of Conroe , TX
http://www.amandaharrisusa.com
54 friend points - Nathan S of Loveland , CO
http://www.centrachiropractic.com
46 friend points - Dr Rick S of Parkersburg , WV
http://www.TheHerbDoc.com
Facebook : Click here for the Facebook Health Revolution Petition page
Description : The ' coffee girl ' from the last random photos feature is revealed to be Anetta Keys !
Anetta loves a good cappuccino , she especially likes playing around with the froth !
Views : 161132 Date : 03/19/09 Favorited : 3
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) -- Senior North Korean officials say the communist regime has " weaponized " its stockpile of plutonium , according to a U.S. scholar , in a move suggesting that North Korea may have significantly hardened its stance on nuclear negotiations .
Selig Harrison said North Korean officials claimed to have enough plutonium for four or five warheads .
Selig Harrison , one of the few U.S. scholars granted access to senior North Korean officials , said at a news conference in Beijing that the officials told him they had weaponized 30.8 kilograms of plutonium , enough for four or five warheads .
The director of the Asia Program at the Center for International Policy , who just returned from a five - day visit to Pyongyang , said senior North Korean officials told him the warheads will not be open for inspection .
If it is true , the news portends a gloomy outlook for the future of the six - party talks that began in 2003 with the goal of getting North Korea to end its nuclear program .
" It does change the game , " Harrison said .
South Korea , the United States , Japan , China and Russia are participating in the talks .
A 2007 agreement calls for scrapping nuclear weapons on the Korean peninsula in return for energy aid to the North , normalized relations between the North and the United States and Japan , and a formal peace pact .
Watch a report on North Korea 's nuclear negotiations »
The North Koreans told Harrison they want the rest of the fuel aid that Japan has promised them .
North Korea had agreed to disable the reactor that had produced plutonium for nuclear weapons .
But the United States and its allies have asked it to give up the plutonium it already has , an estimated 30 kilograms , as well as details of any other bomb - producing programs .
Harrison said one possible reason for Pyongyang 's tough new stance could be the declining health of leader Kim Jong
Il , who reportedly suffered a stroke last year and may no longer be involved in day - to - day decisions .
" People I talked to have many indications that some important things are submitted to him , but he is not working in the way he used to , " Harrison said .
He said military hard - liners have taken the lead in demanding from the United States a full declaration and verification of all nuclear weapons sent to South Korea between 1957 and 1991 .
The hard - liners also seek full normalization of relations with Washington before more talks about scrapping their nuclear arsenal .
On Tuesday , during her Senate confirmation hearing for the secretary of state position , Sen. Hillary Clinton made it clear : de-nuclearization first , then diplomatic normalization .
President - elect Barack Obama has stated his willingness to talk to the North Korean leader .
Harrison also said the North demanded the completion of the light - water reactors as compensation for the dismantling of the Yongbyon nuclear reactor .
The light - water reactor , which is not capable of producing weapons - grade plutonium , was promised to North Korea in the early 1990s for the North giving up its nuclear weapons .
Its construction has been suspended .
North Korea has long considered its nuclear program integral to its national security .
North Korea tested a nuclear weapon in 2006 .
In June , it acknowledged producing about 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium .
CNN 's John Vause contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • Kim Jong-il
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has offered " a new beginning " of engagement with Tehran in an unprecedented direct video message to the Iranian people .
" My administration is now committed to diplomacy that addresses the full range of issues before us , " Mr Obama said .
An advisor to Iran 's president welcomed Mr Obama 's message but said Washington had to fundamentally change policy .
Relations between Iran and the US have been strained over Tehran 's controversial nuclear activities .
The US fears Iran 's uranium enrichment programme is a cover to build atomic weapons , a charge Iranian officials deny .
Mr Obama , like his predecessor , wants Iran to abandon its uranium enrichment programme , but is trying to build up diplomatic capital before confronting the issue , says the BBC 's diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus .
Warning EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana described Mr Obama 's appeal as " very constructive " and urged Teheran to pay close attention to it .
Paul Reynolds ,
World affairs correspondent
President Barack Obama 's video message is an imaginative start to his attempt to improve relations - but huge obstacles remain .
In diplomacy such efforts at overcoming major differences sometimes end simply in defining those differences more sharply .
These issues were not directly mentioned by Mr Obama but this is what he is referring to :  Iran to give up uranium enrichment and accept international offers to provide fuel for nuclear power
 Iran to stop arming Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza
 Iran to help in achieving peace in Afghanistan and Iraq
 Iran to stop threatening Israel .
Iran will want the following :  Acceptance of its right to enrich uranium
 An end to UN sanctions
 An end to US sanctions
 An end to America 's " colonialist attitudes " What Obama 's message means Mr Obama 's message was released to coincide with the festival of Nowruz , when Iranians mark the arrival of spring .
In it , President Obama said he wanted " to speak directly to the people and leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran " .
He said his administration was committed " to pursuing constructive ties among the United States , Iran and the international community " .
" With the coming of a new season , we 're reminded of this precious humanity that we all share .
And we can once again call upon this spirit as we seek the promise of a new beginning , " the message said .
But Mr Obama warned : " This process will not be advanced by threats .
We seek instead engagement that is honest and grounded in mutual respect . "
" The United States wants the Islamic Republic of Iran to take its rightful place in the community of nations .
You have that right - but it comes with real responsibilities . "
Reacting to the message , Ali Akbar Javanfekr , a senior advisor to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , said the US had to recognise its past mistakes if it wanted to engage Iran .
" By fundamentally changing its behaviour America can offer us a friendly hand , " he told Reuters news agency .
What is the new administration actually offering , that George Bush did n't ?
Akbar , Tehran
Iran views : Obama message " Unlimited sanctions which still continue and have been renewed by the United States are wrong and need to be reviewed , " he said .
In separate Nowruz messages to the Iranian people , neither Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei nor President Ahmadinejad mentioned Mr Obama 's speech .
Ayatollah Khamenei said world powers had been convinced they could do nothing to halt the progress Iran was making on its nuclear programme .
' Axis of evil '
Mr Obama 's message was distributed to news outlets in Iran with subtitles in Farsi , and posted on the White House 's official website .
The message is a dramatic departure from the policies of the George W Bush 's administration , which described Iran as part of the " axis of evil " , the BBC's Jonathan Beale in Washington says .
Earlier this year , President Obama said he was looking for " openings that can be created where we can start sitting across the table face - to - face " with Iran .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It 's certainly a positive action and would n't result in a situation worse than what is today .
Arun Mehta , Mumbai , India However , Mr Obama acknowledged in his message on Thursday that it would not be easy to overcome " the old divisions " .
Mr Obama has talked of engagement with Iran but has not made clear how that might take place .
Shortly after coming to office in January , he said " if countries like Iran are willing to unclench their fists , they will find an extended hand from us " .
But earlier this month he extended sanctions against Iran for a year , saying it continues to pose a threat to US national security .
In another possible move towards engagement , the state department is said to be considering an overture in the form of a letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei before the Iranian elections this summer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If life is found on Mars , we may have to remove or destroy past spacecraft like the Mars Phoenix lander to prevent contamination , a researcher says ( Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona )
Life has not yet been found on Mars , and no one is sure whether it will be .
But some researchers say it is not too early to consider the possibility that humans could do irreversible damage to indigenous Martian life .
A group of international experts will meet as early as this September to discuss whether it is time to revise policies that protect Mars from contamination .
At issue is the ethics of exploring the Red Planet – in particular whether hitchhiking Earth microbes could harm Martian habitats .
Advertisement
Past missions , including NASA ’s twin rovers , have already ferried hundreds of thousands of bacterial cells to the Red Planet .
Most of the microbes on the exterior of these craft were quickly destroyed by intense ultraviolet radiation , which passes easily through Mars ’s thin atmosphere .
Dormant bugs
But dormant microbes might survive for tens of thousands of years on the interior of the crafts .
And in the case of the Mars Polar Lander , which crashed into the planet ’s south pole in 1999 , its interior surfaces may have come in direct contact with soil rich in water ice , which could potentially provide a habitable environment for the hitchhikers .
“ The option of not contaminating Mars is an option that ’s no longer available to humanity , ” says Christopher McKay , a planetary scientist at NASA ’s Ames Research Center , who wrote a commentary about the need to protect any Martian life in the current issue of the journal Science .
“ Mars already has earthlings .
We know that for a fact . ”
He warns that Earth life could be reawakened if weather conditions on the planet change .
This could happen as a result of periodic swings in the planet ’s tilt , or if humans purposely alter the Martian environment , which , ironically , they might do to make conditions cosier for any Martian life they might discover .
Microbes on subsurface drills in search of liquid water could also contaminate potential Martian habitats .
Microbe limit
A 1967 United Nations treaty generally requires countries avoid “ harmful contamination ” of celestial bodies .
The specific rules that govern Mars exploration are set by a Paris - based group called the Committee on Space Research ( COSPAR ) , which advises the UN and provides guidelines followed by NASA and other space agencies .
COSPAR ’s current policy sets limits on how many microbes can be present on spacecraft bound for Mars .
To accommodate these rules , for example , the robotic arm on NASA ’s Phoenix probe was sterilised and kept in a protective wrapping until landing .
‘ Biologically reversible ’
But McKay says COSPAR ’s policy needs to be changed , since it was crafted to protect the integrity of scientific investigations and not potential Martian life .
This might involve changing the policy to require future exploration to be “ biologically reversible ” , ensuring that any contamination can be undone .
This could be accomplished by returning to the sites of previous lander missions and recovering or destroying the spacecraft components , while also exposing any potentially contaminated dirt to the sterilising effects of the Sun ’s UV radiation .
It might also mean preventing humans from establishing bases in darkened caves , since sunlight would not be able to kill any terrestrial microbes loosed there .
Martian ‘ rabbit problem ’
Since the current policy promotes sterilisation of equipment that could potentially come into contact with water , it effectively protects potential Martian life , says NASA ’s planetary protection officer Cassie Conley .
But Conley agrees that the ethics of Mars exploration should be discussed .
“ We ’re not sure that life is present on Mars , but we do know we have dramatically screwed things up by transferring life around on Earth , ” Conley says .
She said irresponsible exploration could produce the Martian equivalent of Australia ’s rabbit problem , wherein rabbits shipped to the country for hunting in 1859 then bred exponentially and stripped the land bare .
Digging deep
COSPAR has already noted that future missions to Jupiter ’s moon Europa would run the risk of coming into contact with any life there .
A lander could one day make its way though the moon ’s icy shell to contaminate any life in what is thought to be a subsurface ocean of liquid water , says John Rummel , who heads up COSPAR ’s planetary protection panel .
Momentum for the ethical discussion began building even before 2006 , when a US National Research Council committee recommended that COSPAR convene the workshop in light of the accelerating pace of Mars exploration .
NASA and the European Space Agency both plan to send large rover missions to the Red Planet in the next few years .
The SUV - sized Mars Science Laboratory , which is set to launch in 2011 , will restrict itself to the top several centimetres of the Martian surface .
But ESA ’s ExoMars rover , now set to launch in 2016 , will be able to drill some 2 metres below ground to look for signs of life .
Journal reference : Science ( vol 323 , p 718 )
The NPD sales data for January has been released , and video game sales in the US remain strong .
Overall , sales saw a thirteen percent jump from last year , proving that the gaming industry is one of the rare strong points in the US economy ... even if individual developers are struggling .
While both Nintendo and Microsoft have solid angles to play up this month , Sony is struggling with a significant drop in year - over - year sales as well as a lack of software titles in the top ten list .
Nintendo
Nintendo shows no sign of slowing down , selling 679,200 pieces of Wii hardware in January ; the DS was n't far behind with 510,800 units sold .
Nintendo continues its lead , staying far ahead of its competition in monthly sales .
Nintendo also continues to own the top ten list for software sales with older titles that refuse to die .
Wii Fit sold 777,000 units , Wii Play sold 415,000 units , and Mario Kart sold 292,000 to hold the first three slots on the list , respectively .
Guitar Hero World Tour for the Wii took the seventh place with 155,000 units sold , New Super Mario Bros.
came in eighth place with 135,000 pieces sold , and Mario Kart DS came in ninth place with 132,000 units sold .
With the number one and two best - selling pieces of hardware , and six places on the top ten list , Nintendo wo n't be loosening its stranglehold on the industry any time soon .
Microsoft
The 360 sold a decent amount in January with 309,000 units moved .
Microsoft 's system also moved a ton of software with Left 4 Dead , Call of Duty : World at War , and Skate 2 taking the fourth , fifth , and sixth places on the software sales list .
Lord of the Rings : Conquest is one of the rare new releases on the list , coming in at tenth place .
This continues the trend we see month after month : Microsoft falls way behind Nintendo in hardware sales , but the blockbuster console releases — aimed mostly at the so - called " core gamer " — find a home on the 360 .
Sony
The PlayStation sold 203,200 units , more than 100,000 less than the 360 , and the PSP and PS2 sold 172,300 and 101,200 respectively .
Those are solid numbers , and all told Sony sold a good amount of each of its hardware in the family , but none of the systems took any kind of leadership role on the boards .
PlayStation 3 sales are also down year over year — not a good sign for the continued growth of the system , especially when the Xbox 360 saw solid year - over - year growth from 230,000 to 309,000 .
None of the three systems was able to chart a single game on the top ten list .
For Sony , once again , there is no balm in Gilead .
So what does this tell us ?
Not much we did n't already know .
The hardware sales show few , if any , surprises , and every slot on the top ten list was taken by a Nintendo , EA , or Activision Blizzard release .
There is also a stronger than expected interest in buying new hardware .
" At this point in the console lifecycle , we would expect to see a greater percentage of total industry sales generated by software sales , but the continued strength in hardware sales is changing that scenario a bit , " Frazier wrote .
" This will have a long - term positive impact on the industry as the user base expands .
Software sales still increased 10 percent over last January , indicating that continued strong hardware sales are not occurring at the expense of software sales . "
In other words , gamers will keep on doing what gamers do .
Dr. Needham , who recently evaluated the young man , said his strength and exercise capacity were below average for his age .
Given his history as an athlete , they should have been above the mean .
As much as Rob wants to play lacrosse again , he does not have the strength or stamina .
It remains difficult to tease out which disabilities come from the illness as opposed to the I.C.U. stay , but scientists are beginning to worry about the effects of simply being in an intensive care unit , on a mechanical ventilator that pushes oxygen under pressure in and out of the lungs , receiving doses of sedatives , narcotics and anesthetics high enough to make even healthy people stop breathing on their own .
They have been particularly surprised by how quickly patients had lost strength .
Now , it looks like what was lost may not completely come back , even years later .
“ We are in the infancy of trying to figure this out , ” Dr. Morris said .
Most patients who spend time in an I.C.U. lose significant weight .
Some are like one of Dr. Morris ’s recent patients , Michelle Rhynes , 35 .
Ms. Rhynes , who lives in Winston - Salem , N.C. , was confined to her bed for four days with bronchial pneumonia , burning with fever .
At 2 a.m. on the fifth day , she collapsed when she tried to get up .
“ I asked a friend to call an ambulance , ” she said .
“ When I got to the hospital , I could n’t breathe . ”
She spent a month in the I.C.U. , breathing with the aid of a mechanical ventilator , a feeding tube in her stomach .
Ms. Rhynes , who stood 5 - foot - 6 , experienced a loss in weight to 95 pounds from 140 pounds .
Or they are like Gary English , one of Dr. Needham ’s patients .
He lives in Baltimore , has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and spent two months in Hopkins on a mechanical ventilator .
When he got out , Mr. English , 57 , who is 5 - foot - 9 , said he weighed 78 pounds .
A year later he weighs 110 .
Advertisements
The fascinatingly duplicitous path that Former Republican Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich is navigating to revive the Republican Party took another turn today as Gingrich announced that he supports President Barack Obama on health care reform .
Is Gingrich trying to steer Republicans away from becoming the party of no ?
Gingrich said , “ President Obama is right : we cannot wait any longer to fix the problems we face in health – they are beyond critical .
We waste billions of dollars every day and people die unnecessarily every day at the hands of a broken , fragmented healthcare system . ”
Gingrich called for a health care reform plan that focuses on four priorities , adoption of the practices that work best , modernization of health information technology , the rooting out and prevention of health care fraud , and elimination of the broken models of budgeting and scoring .
He also stressed that both parties need to work together on health care reform , “ There is a time for Republicans and Democrats to stand their ground when they must ; but it is equally as important to have the courage to collaborate when they should .
Health reform is one of those moments .
With these priorities , the president will find eager and energetic Republican partners if he truly seeks them . ”
Advertisements
Mother Jones has a great article about Gingrich in their new issue .
Gingrich is part post - partisan policy wonk , and part wedge issue politician who is looking to lead another Republican revolution .
Gingrich ’s post partisan behavior also has included an odd couple pairing with Hillary Clinton on health care , and bashing his own party for trying to link Obama to Blagojevich .
The $ 50,000 question is what is Gingrich trying to do here ?
In my estimation , the answer is that Gingrich is once again ahead of the rest of his party .
He senses that the GOP can be helped by cooperating with Obama on an issue like health care , especially when Obama is proposing moderate reforms , instead of a single payer system .
I think Newt is trying to change the perception his party as the representatives of the rich .
However , no one should mistake these actions as a kinder , gentler Newt .
At heart , his beliefs are still as conservative as ever , and his overriding goal is to see the Republican Party back into power .
THAT jet engines have evolved over the past few decades will be apparent to any seasoned air traveller .
Early jet engines had narrow inlets and were very noisy , but as the diameter of the fans at the front increased , the engines became quieter .
Compared with a rowdy 1960s jet , a modern turbofan is some 80 % quieter and burns as little as half as much fuel — thus producing fewer greenhouse gases .
But with regulation of aviation emissions likely in the coming years in order to combat climate change , jet engines must become cleaner and more frugal still .
When a jet engine is running , a fan at the front draws in air , which is then compressed and burned with fuel to produce hot , rapidly expanding gases which roar out of the back .
On the way out , these gases drive a turbine which is connected to the fan via a shaft , thus drawing in more air and keeping the process going .
But not all the air passing through an engine needs to go through the turbine .
Over the years the fans have grown larger and the fraction of the air that passes through the turbine has fallen .
The latest “ high bypass ” turbofans , such as the Rolls - Royce Trent , push around nine times more air around the core of the engine than through it .
Such high - bypass engines rely on a bigger but slower - moving volume of air to provide thrust .
Their turbines can be smaller , since not all the air is passing through them , and this in turn means they are quieter and use less fuel .
But the aviation industry has set itself a tough target : a 50 % reduction in fuel consumption by 2020 , to cut CO 2 emissions in half .
Building more aerodynamic aircraft and operating them more efficiently ( by reducing air - traffic - control delays , for instance ) could produce about two - thirds of those savings .
But the rest will have to come from better engines .
Research in areas such as new materials and improved blade design will provide incremental improvements to high - bypass turbofans .
But it is unclear whether these will be enough to achieve the required fuel savings .
A completely new type of engine may be needed .
The solution devised by Pratt & Whitney ( P&W ) , a division of United Technologies , is a “ geared turbofan ” engine called the PurePower PW1000G .
Unlike a conventional turbofan , it uses a gearbox rather than a shaft between the fan and the turbine .
Turbines run most efficiently at high speeds , and fans at low speeds , so turbofan engines have to compromise between the two , because the engine 's design requires them to turn at the same speed .
A gearbox , however , allows the turbine to operate at a high speed while driving the fan at a lower speed .
In February P&W said that in tests , this design had proved capable of “ double digit ” improvements in fuel efficiency and emissions , and a 50 % reduction in noise .
Some airlines , however , are wary of gearboxes .
They worry that replacing a simple shaft with a complex gearbox will increase maintenance costs and make it more likely that something will go wrong .
P&W disagrees .
Bolted under the wing of an Airbus A340 as part of its test programme , the PW1000G endured more than 75 hours of operation , including many extreme manoeuvres , and proved its durability , says Bob Saia , who is in charge of engine development at P&W .
Moreover , he adds , the gearbox is made from the same kind of steel that is already used in the small gearboxes that take power from turbofans for aircraft systems .
P&W will now use the data gathered from its test flights to finalise the engine 's design .
The PW1000G is due to enter service in 2013 powering two new short - haul aircraft being built by Mitsubishi and Bombardier .
It could also be scaled up for use on bigger aircraft .
Some in the industry think geared turbofans could eventually reduce fuel consumption by 20 - 25 % .
There is another way to build a greener jet engine : by bypassing the turbine to an even greater extent , with an open rotor .
This is a bit like going back to propellers .
A number of designs use two rings of stubby , counter - rotating blades made from composite materials .
Unlike the blades on old - fashioned propeller engines , these blades spin around at the back of the engine .
Rolls - Royce and General Electric ( GE ) are studying this approach , though they are also keeping their options open by working on improvements to conventional turbofans , too .
GE carried out test flights with an open - rotor engine in the 1980s , and reckoned it would use 30 % less fuel than similar - sized engines of the time .
But the engine was noisy , and there were concerns about what would happen if one of the blades broke off and tore into the aircraft 's fuselage .
All this is difficult for aircraft - makers , who are used to being able to hang competing engines off the same wing .
Airlines can then choose which airframe to buy , and which engines , and there is competition in both fields .
But the geared turbofan and the open rotor are so different from each other that they will need different airframes .
For safety reasons , open - rotor engines might have to be mounted at the back , for example .
At the moment Boeing is concentrating on its new 787 , a medium - sized , wide - bodied aircraft , and its rival Airbus is delivering the first examples of its new A380 super - jumbo .
But before long the two companies will turn their attention to designing replacements for the smaller 737 and A320 , the most numerous aircraft in the sky .
At that point , they will have to decide which , if either , of these new engines they want to adopt .
Last week , the government reported that first - time unemployment claims had risen to 589,000 for the week ending Jan. 17 , tying a record high set in December .
The latest job cuts  and the additional announcements likely to come in a cascading pattern as job losses through the economy cause demand to shrink further and thus lead to more layoffs mean more pain for states , as unemployment insurance claims rise and deplete state coffers .
The Obama administration has proposed setting aside $ 43 billion to help blunt the problem and provide for new recipients of unemployment insurance and existing ones .
That money is intended to raise the weekly benefits , to extend how long people can collect those payments and to cover more types of workers , like part - timers .
It is largely based upon an estimate that the unemployment rate will peak at 8.3 percent in 2010 .
But if unemployment reaches the double - digits , as some economists expect , the funding will almost certainly not be enough , economists say .
“ The economy is deteriorating at a faster clip than even the most dreary forecasts had expected , ” said the economist Joseph Brusuelas .
“ At the current trend , $ 43 billion will not be sufficient , should we breach 9 percent unemployment and maybe reach into the double digits . ”
Monday ’s announcements only added to a grim parade of job cuts from Wall Street to wireless providers to computer companies to retail stores .
Last week , Microsoft announced it would cut 5,000 jobs over the next year and a half ; Sony in Japan and Ericcson in Sweden each announced 5,000 layoffs ; and the motorcycle maker Harley - Davidson said it was eliminating 1,000 jobs .
Carmakers in Japan , South Korea and Europe have also cut jobs in recent months as did the cellphone maker Nokia .
“ It steepens the whole downturn , ” said Harry Holzer , a labor economist at Georgetown University and the Urban Institute .
“ The magnitude of these layoffs indicates that the downturn in the labor markets seems to be accelerating . ”
It 's bankrupt .
Its reputation is in tatters .
And it has been forced from its plush headquarters building .
Yet working for Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. -- what remains of it -- has become one of the hottest jobs on Wall Street .
That 's because Lehman , though a shadow of its former self after selling many of its businesses to Barclays PLC and Nomura Holdings Inc. , retains a broad patchwork of assets .
It has some $ 7 billion in cash and more than 1,400 private investments valued at $ 12.3 billion .
Then there 's a thicket of about 500,000 derivative contracts with 4,000 trading partners worth some $ 24 billion .
Then & Now Associated Press Then : CEO : Richard Fuld ( above ) Employees : 25,158 Cash on balance sheet : $ 3.3 billion Alvarez & Marsal Now : CEO : Bryan Marsal , ( above ) Employees : 500 Cash on balance sheet : $ 7 billion
So for now , Lehman is seen as a relatively secure home for throngs of finance professionals thrown out of work in recent months .
It 's even become a place for former Lehman CEO Richard Fuld to informally hang his hat .
" We 're getting swamped with résumés , " says Bryan Marsal , a turnaround expert who is now Lehman 's chief executive officer .
The inquiries , he says , are from people affiliated with marquee names such as Bank of America , Citigroup Inc. , and Morgan Stanley .
" It 's just a tough , tough time , and there are a lot of good people out there looking for work . "
The wages are not great by past standards .
But there are hidden benefits .
It could take two years or more to wind down the firm .
Such a timeline promises the kind of job security that 's a rarity on Wall Street today .
Charged with untangling the mess is Alvarez & Marsal , the New York - based restructuring firm where Mr. Marsal is a co-founder .
With 150 full - time employees working on the case , its chief task is to sell off Lehman 's remaining assets and maximize recovery for creditors , which are owed more than $ 150 billion .
Mr. Marsal says the goal is to dissolve the firm in 18 to 24 months from now , though several restructuring experts say that 's an aggressive timetable .
Alvarez & Marsal got the gig in September after Lehman 's board appointed it to administer the bankrupt company 's estate .
To carry out the mission , Alvarez & Marsal kept 130 Lehman employees on the firm 's payroll .
It has also recruited back more than 200 former Lehman employees , and is still hiring staff to handle targeted areas such derivatives and real - estate holdings .
Behind the scenes is Mr. Fuld , the firm 's former chairman and chief executive , who was widely vilified when Lehman collapsed in mid-September .
Though Mr. Fuld was removed from the payroll on Jan. 1 and relieved of his company - provided black Mercedes , Lehman has agreed to let him keep an office at the firm .
He 's just around the corner from Mr. Marsal , who says he picks Mr. Fuld 's brain about Lehman 's business several times a week .
" We asked him to stay if he has nowhere better to go , " says Mr. Marsal .
" He 's been very good about making himself available for questions about Lehman assets . "
Through a spokeswoman , Mr. Fuld declined to comment .
Lehman 's dismantling is an expensive process .
Associated costs run about $ 30 million a month , excluding fees to lawyers and advisers on the case .
Employees are paid a salary -- with modest retention bonus added as " a kiss " says Mr. Marsal -- to entice workers to stay at a place with a limited lifespan .
The assignment is a lucrative one for Alvarez & Marsal , which is charging Lehman hourly fees of $ 550 to $ 850 for its top executives working on the case , with rich incentive fees for the firm depending on its recovery for creditors .
Despite Lehman 's assured dissolution , executive recruiters say it is n't surprising that the collapsed investment bank has become a desirable place to work .
" This is a well - paying job in one of the worst employment markets in history , " says Skiddy von Stade , founder of New York - based executive placement firm F.S. von Stade & Associates .
" Through the disposition of Lehman 's assets , the employees will have a chance to demonstrate their strengths and skills for opportunities down the road -- possibly with the very buyers of these securities and investments . "
Mr. Marsal says compensation is in line with similar jobs on Wall Street , yet far below what it was at Lehman .
He and his team are " very , very careful " about the expenses of the firm , which he says are generally lean .
" The excess of Lehman was the size of the salaries and the expectations of people with the bonus plan , " he says .
Staff members stand in a meeting room at the Lehman Brothers offices in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London Sept. 11 , 2008 .
Reuters
Gone are the pay and perks that came with being a top executive at pre-bankruptcy Lehman .
Mr. Fuld and his management team sat on the 31st floor of Lehman 's former headquarters , a state - of - the - art steel - and - granite building in Times Square .
Barclays bought that site and took it over , so now Lehman 's command center is a run-of - the - mill office on the 45th floor of the Time - Life building , which long served as Lehman overflow space .
Mr. Marsal and his team are making due without weekly deliveries of fresh flowers and warm chocolate - chip muffins on Fridays -- perks enjoyed by the firm 's former brass .
Gone too is the executive dining suite where a private chef prepared lunch for Lehman 's top executives .
Instead , Mr. Marsal and his crew grab a bite in the cafeteria at Time Inc. , which has granted access to the Lehman employees .
Henry Klein is part of Lehman 's new topsy - turvy reality .
A nine - year Lehman veteran , he oversaw a portfolio of investments in India from the firm 's New York office .
When Lehman failed , Mr. Klein was transferred to Barclays , but says he had little to do there .
" I was at Barclays , but my assets were at Lehman . "
Mr. Klein left Barclays in mid-November , and then approached Alvarez & Marsal .
Today , he 's back overseeing the very assets he says he managed at Lehman .
The 46 - year - old Mr. Klein is currently focused on a small $ 36 million real - estate investment in Hyderabad , a large city in south central India .
Lehman may continue to back the deal , but also may have to pull its funding .
" It 's a difficult decision , " says Mr. Klein .
" We do n't have tons of time . "
Luc Faucheux , 39 , heads up the desk at the bankrupt entity that trades interest - rate swaps and other fixed - income derivatives .
" I always wanted this job , " laughs the former Lehman staffer who says he had a related , but less senior role .
" Be careful what you wish for , because you might just get it . "
" Let 's face it , " he adds .
" Given the state of the world we 're in , the things I 'm learning working on the largest bankruptcy in history are a set of skills that could be marketable for the foreseeable future . "
Rather than immediately sell assets into a depressed market , Alvarez & Marsal has opted to retain and manage a chunk of Lehman 's holdings .
Last month , Alvarez & Marsal decided to keep a 49 % interest in Lehman 's money - management business , Neuberger Investment Management , selling the balance to Neuberger 's management .
It made a similar move with Lehman Brothers Merchant Banking , the firm 's flagship private - equity business .
The estate also has held on to more than 100 direct stakes in private companies .
These include direct investments made alongside Lehman 's private - equity clients in large boom - era buyouts such as First Data Corp. and Texas utility TXU Corp .
So far , Lehman has more than doubled its cash reserves to $ 7 billion from $ 3.3 billion , in part through the sale of its headquarters to Barclays .
It is also raising money by selling off the firm 's sizable art collection , whose value Lehman has pegged at roughly $ 30 million .
Some of the photographs and paintings still grace the halls of Barclays and Lehman 's Neuberger unit .
Finally , there is a cavalry of corporate jets valued at $ 164 million .
Lehman has already sold six jets , as well as interests in fractional shares service NetJets Inc. for $ 53 million .
Still on the block :
Six more planes , including a Boeing 767 , and a Sikorsky chopper .
Some of those jets Lehman owned as investments and only four were used for corporate purposes at any one time , according to a Lehman spokeswoman .
" The fleet 's been grounded , " Mr. Marsal reassured the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case at a hearing last month .
" Nobody is flying around these planes and no one is using the helicopter . "
Write to Peter Lattman at peter.lattman@wsj.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A pet chimpanzee in the US has been shot dead by a police officer after mauling a woman visiting its owner .
The 200 lb ( 90kg ) ape , who had appeared on TV commercials , attacked the woman as she got out of her car to visit its owner in Stamford , Connecticut .
The woman suffered " serious blood loss " from facial injuries and was in a " very serious " condition in hospital .
The animal , Travis , also injured two police officers before being shot dead as it tried to enter a police vehicle .
' Like a child '
Police said they had no idea why the chimp , who was 15 , had attacked his owner 's friend , though police told the Associated Press ( AP ) he had been ill with Lyme disease and had been on medication .
The animal had been trained to ride in the family 's vehicles , had appeared on commercials for Coca - Cola and Old Navy and had also appeared in a television pilot .
She retrieved a large butcher knife and stabbed her longtime pet numerous times
Captain Richard Conklin
Stamford Police
" He 's been raised almost like a child by this family .
He rides in a car every day , he opens doors , he 's a very unique animal in that aspect .
We have no indication of what provoked this behaviour at all , " Stamford Police captain Richard Conklin was quoted as saying by AP .
Owner Sandra Herold had wrestled with Travis in an effort to stop the attack on her friend , then ran inside to make an emergency call .
" She retrieved a large butcher knife and stabbed her longtime pet numerous times in an effort to save her friend , who was really being brutally attacked , " Conklin was quoted as saying .
Paramedics then arrived to treat the woman , with police officers protecting them , but the chimp then started attacking them , AP reported .
One officer was cornered in his vehicle and shot Travis in self - defence .
The animal returned to its owner 's house , where it was later found dead .
Travis had escaped from a car before in 2003 , and had spent two hours at large in Stamford .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As Americans become increasingly frustrated over millions of dollars in bonuses awarded to executives at bailed - out AIG , Congress is starting to heap blame on treasury secretary Timothy Geithner .
Should Geithner be held responsible for the AIG bonus scandal and resign ?
Share your thoughts by sending us a response on our GuardianUS Twitter page .
You can do this by logging on to your Twitter account , typing @GuardianUS and then your comment of 140 characters or less .
Of course , you can always comment on this blog post .
UPDATE : A previous version of this post said Robert Menendez , a senator from New Jersey , says he warned Geithner about the AIG bonuses .
According to his press secretary , Menendez wrote to Geithner about a separate set of bonuses involving Morgan Stanley on 3 March .
In a letter to Geithner yesterday , the senator made a comparison between the Morgan and AIG bonuses and urged the treasury secretary to take action on the Morgan bonuses .
Published online 1 December 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1266
News : Briefing
US doctors propose expanding the use of HIV tests to slow the spread of infection .
Universal HIV testing could cut infection rates dramatically .
Punchstock
More than 33 million people around the world are currently living with HIV and AIDS .
Strikingly , many adults with HIV or AIDS — about 80 % in sub-Saharan Africa and 25 % in the United States — do n't know that they are carrying the virus .
In the hope of reducing the inadvertent spread of HIV , the American College of Physicians ( ACP ) is recommending that doctors encourage everyone over the age of 13 to be tested for HIV1 .
In a similar vein , World Health Organization ( WHO ) scientists last week reported in the Lancet that a universal testing policy followed by treatment for those that need it would greatly reduce the transmission of HIV2 .
Here , Nature News examines the case for scaling up HIV testing .
Why has the ACP proposed these guidelines now ?
Evidence suggests that many patients with HIV carry the infection for several years before they are diagnosed as being HIV positive .
In the United States alone , transmission by these patients is estimated to account for at least 20,000 new cases of HIV per year .
Studies suggest that testing is cost - effective3, 4 and that selective testing of those most at risk — currently recommended by some bodies — fails to identify many HIV - positive patients5 .
The ACP has responded by publishing new guidelines for doctors on World AIDS Day .
What does the WHO study say ?
Mathematical models used by WHO scientists suggest that new cases of HIV infection could be slashed by 95 % if everyone aged 15 and over were to be tested annually and given antiretroviral therapy if necessary .
Is the technology in place for global universal testing ?
Rapid tests can provide reliable results of HIV status within minutes , even in the absence of electricity and running water , says Kevin De Cock of the WHO 's HIV and AIDS department in Geneva , Switzerland , and one of the authors of the Lancet article2 .
Effective , though perhaps not the best , antiretroviral therapies are available for less than US $ 100 a year .
So what are the objections to universal screening and treatment ?
It would be expensive .
Estimates by De Cock and his colleagues suggest the cost would peak at $ 3.4 billion a year in 2015 .
But this is no more expensive than current plans to tackle HIV by providing universal access to prevention , care and treatment .
" Although it would initially be expensive , it not necessarily outside the sort of estimates of resource requirement right now , " says De Cock .
" In the longer term , the modelling suggests it would actually become cost saving . "
Ethical considerations must also be taken into account .
There are " potential dangers of infringement of human rights and failure to maintain human dignity " , De Cock says .
This is not an idle concern — a by - law currently under consideration in the Indonesian province of Papua calls for microchips to be implanted in all HIV - positive adults .
Furthermore , " other approaches to prevention might be weakened by a false assumption that a purely medical approach might solve the AIDS problem , " says De Cock .
Is it ever likely to happen ?
Only time will tell what impact , if any , the ACP guidelines will have on the spread of HIV in the United States .
And the Lancet paper was aimed at stimulating discussion rather than changing the current WHO policy , which recommends different testing procedures for different local circumstances .
But " appropriate scale - up of HIV testing , with assurance of the protection of rights and voluntary consent , is extremely important , " De Cock adds .
" We 're all working towards universal access to HIV prevention , treatment and support .
You can not get there without people knowing their HIV status . "
Danny Johnson , a 14 - year - old from Texas , is the latest gamer to break a world record in Activision ’s Guitar Hero III , earning himself an endorsement deal in the process .
Johnson managed to pull down 973,954 points on Dragonforce ’s " Through The Fire And Flames " during a " media - sponsored " event at a Best Buy in New York City , topping the previous record of 899,703 set by Minnesota ’s Chris Chike , reports The New York Times .
Key to Johnson ’s success was carefully planned use of the game ’s Star Power points multiplier and months of strenuous practice , which included the destruction of " about 80 plastic Guitar Hero controllers . "
" When you ’re hitting that many notes and playing that fast , it just terrorizes the controller , " Johnson ’s father remarked .
His virtual shredding skills ( displayed in the above - right home video ) earned Johnson an endorsement deal with " gaming team and event promoter " eMazingGaming.com , not to mention a write up in the New York Times — a point that should illustrate the growing popularity ( or , perhaps , perceived novelty ) of competitive gaming .
Leaving a Broken Record ( and Guitars ) in His Wake [ New York Times ]
See Also :
JOHANNESBURG  South Africa has barred the Dalai Lama , Tibet ’s spiritual leader and a Nobel Peace Prize winner , from attending a peace conference here this week that is supposed to promote the 2010 World Cup and the potential of sport to unite people across races and nations .
The government said Monday that the Dalai Lama ’s presence at the conference would have distracted the world ’s attention from South Africa ’s hosting of the World Cup and drawn it instead into the fraught relations between the Dalai Lama and China , one of the country ’s most important trading partners .
Thabo Masebe , a government spokesman , said the Tibetan leader ’s presence “ would not be in South Africa ’s best interests . ”
Three of South Africa ’s Nobel laureates had invited the Dalai Lama to attend , and the government ’s move to deny him entry drew sharp condemnations on Monday both here and abroad .
Critics of the decision , including Desmond Tutu , the retired Anglican archbishop of Cape Town who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 , said South Africa had caved in to China , which has aggressively sought to extend its influence across Africa in recent years .
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao of China said at a news conference this month that foreign countries should stay away from any involvement in the Tibet issue .
dark fantasy film “ Franklyn ” which stars Eva Green , Bernard Hill , Sam Riley and Ryan Phillippe .
“ Franklyn , “ the first feature film by writer / director Gerald McMorrow , had its premiere at the London Film Festival ( 16 October 2008 ) and it will hit theaters in the UK on February 27th 2009 .
At this point , the movie does not have a domestic release yet .
When school districts allow fast - food snacks in the lunchroom they provoke widespread ire , and rightfully so .
But food distributed by the National School Lunch Program contains some of the same ingredients found in fast food , and the resulting meals routinely fail to meet basic nutritional standards .
Yet this is how the government continues to “ help ” feed millions of American schoolchildren , a great many of them from low - income households .
Image Credit ...
Tamara Shopsin
Some Americans are demanding better .
Parent advocacy groups like Better School Food have rejected the National School Lunch Program and have turned instead to local farmers for fresh alternatives .
Amid steep budgetary challenges , these community - supported coalitions are demonstrating that schools can be the masters of their own menus .
Schools here in Berkeley , for example , continue to use U.S.D.A. commodities , but cook food from scratch and have added organic fruits and vegetables from area farms .
They have cut costs by adopting more efficient accounting software and smart - bulk policies ( like choosing milk dispensers over individual cartons ) , and by working with farmers to identify crops that they can grow in volume and sell for reasonable prices .
Many nutrition experts believe that it is possible to fix the National School Lunch Program by throwing a little more money at it .
But without healthy food ( and cooks and kitchens to prepare it ) , increased financing will only create a larger junk - food distribution system .
We need to scrap the current system and start from scratch .
Washington needs to give schools enough money to cook and serve unprocessed foods that are produced without pesticides or chemical fertilizers .
When possible , these foods should be locally grown .
How much would it cost to feed 30 million American schoolchildren a wholesome meal ?
It could be done for about $ 5 per child , or roughly $ 27 billion a year , plus a one - time investment in real kitchens .
Yes , that sounds expensive .
But a healthy school lunch program would bring long - term savings and benefits in the areas of hunger , children ’s health and dietary habits , food safety ( contaminated peanuts have recently found their way into school lunches ) , environmental preservation and energy conservation .
The Agriculture Department will have to do its part , by making good on its fledgling commitment to back environmentally sound farming practices and by realizing a separate program to deliver food , especially fresh fruits and vegetables , from farms to schools .
It will also need to provide adequate support for kitchens and healthy meal planning .
Congress has an opportunity to accomplish some of these goals when it takes up the Child Nutrition and Women Infants and Children Reauthorization Act , which is set to expire in September .
At a CES presentation today , Palm announced its next - generation smart phone platform , called WebOS .
" It was built with developers in mind , " said Palm CEO Ed Colligan in describing the new platform .
Any web developer can use CSS , HTML , and JavaScript to develop applications for the OS ; there are no new languages to learn .
Palm would have appeared to have abstracted the hardware in some manner to allow for JavaScript developers access to nearly every feature of the phone , going in a direction that some had initially pushed for Apple to pursue before the Obj - C iPhone SDK was launched .
Palm also announced a new phone , the Palm pre , set for launch in the first half of 2009 .
It features a 3.1 - inch multitouch screen with 320x480 resolution over a slide - out QWERTY keyboard , all squeezed into a small , 4.8 - oz package .
Here 's a quick feature rundown of the pré's hardware :
EVDO Rev A. ( courtesy of Sprint )
802.11 b/g
GPS
Bluetooth ( with stereo out support )
8 GB of storage
TI OMAP processor
3.1 - inch multitouch screen with 320x480 resolution
Sensors : accelerometer , proximity , ambient light
3MP camera with LED flash
Speaker for speakerphone and music
Replaceable battery
MicroUSB connector for charging , with USB 2.0 support .
3.5 mm headphone jack
Phone works with slide - out QWERTY keyboard either open or closed .
As nice as the pré's hardware is , Palm 's WebOS is where the real action is .
As a dedicated iPhone user , I experienced something very strange and quite unexpected while watching Palm demo the new OS : my iPhone suddenly felt old and played out .
It 's like Palm started with the iPhone , copied all the best ideas , and then made the whole package better .
In the cards
The entire UI is based on a " desktop + cards " paradigm , where " cards " replace " windows " or even " apps . "
You start with a display area that contains a blank desktop and an iPhone - style dock at the bottom .
You can bring up a launcher card that slides up from the bottom of the screen and takes over , and from there you can bring up new cards : a web card containing a web page , a chat card with a conversation in it , an email card with your messages on it , etc .
New cards slide up from the bottom , while the current card moves to the side , the result being that you can flip through a stream of cards from side - to - side , much like Apple 's Coverflow .
This card paradigm is truly fascinating , and it appears to be a very effective way to do multitasking on a smartphone .
Beneath the display region is a touch - sensitive gesture region , where you can use gestures to control the device without interfering with whatever it is you 're doing in the display area .
( e.g. , you can use a gesture in this area to scroll a web page without accidentally clicking a link , like I sometimes do on my iPhone ) .
Task - based , not app - based
By ditching the app + window paradigm ( which the iPhone still essentially uses ) in favor of a card paradigm , Palm was able to invent a truly task - based interface that lets you use the interface to do things , instead of using apps to do things .
Let me give an example .
Instead of having multiple communications apps on the phone , any of which you can use to carry on a conversation via multiple services , you just open up a single chat card with that user .
That chat card hosts a continuous stream of conversation that combines SMS messages and IM in a single , seamless interface and chat experience .
That way , the focus is on the conversation , and not the medium ( SMS , Gtalk , iChat , AIM , etc. ) .
It 's very nice , in an " I want to be able to do that right now on my iPhone " kind of way .
Palm has saddled this fantastic approach with an overused buzzword - turned - name : synergy .
But , in light of how compelling both the idea and the implementation seem to be ( at least based on this staged demo ) , the annoying name is a minor issue .
No interruptions
In addition to focusing on connecting users to their network in a way that hides which network you 're using , Palm thought pretty hard about the problem of interruptions via alerts and new messages .
The company 's solution was to have alerts and messages show up at the bottom of the screen in a narrow area , so that there 's no dialog box for a user to dismiss and no reason to stop whatever you 're currently working on in order to close the notification or act on it .
I expect to see this method for handling incoming events and alerts gain widespread adoption by smartphone makers .
It runs Linux , and it 's totally skinnable
We 've heard rumors that this device runs Linux and uses WebKit for its CSS / HTML / Javascript implementation .
It seems that Palm , at least initially , wants to keep developers at the level of web tools , so I would n't expect anyone to be able to get at the Linux guts of the system any time soon .
But since the interface is completely skinnable and modifiable — from the cards to the docks — developers will have plenty to keep them busy without low - level access .
A coup for Sprint , and redemption for Palm
Sprint is the exclusive launch partner for the pré , playing the AT&T to Palm 's Apple .
This was a great score for the company , which has reportedly been losing subscribers ( myself included ) to the iPhone in droves .
I personally prefer Sprint 's network to AT&T's , and now there 's actually a phone on that network that I 'd consider using .
Palm will eventually make a WCDMA version available , so we should eventually see the pre on T - Mobile , AT&T , and / or Vodafone ( outside of the US ) .
Look for a ton more coverage of this device at Ars in the coming weeks and months .
Palm has completely redeemed itself from the Foleo fiasco by launching the very first phone that truly builds on what Apple started with the iPhone and takes it to the next level .
I 'm not necessarily willing to declare that this is an iPhone - killer — there 's no music store ( yet ) , though the pré does play music and videos — but if I had tried to design an iPhone - killer myself and had come up with this , I 'd be pretty pleased .
No launch date was given , but Palm expects the pré to be available sometime during the first half of 2009 .
I find that a scary sentence to write .
If the past decade has taught me anything , it has taught me that mistakes are avoided if you follow two rules :
Remember that Paul Krugman is right .
If your analysis leads you to conclude that Paul Krugman is wrong , refer to rule # 1 .
So why do I have a positive and Paul a negative view of the Geithner Plan ?
I see three reasons :
The half empty - half full factor : I see the Geithner Plan as a positive step from where we are .
Paul seed it as an embarrassingly inadequate bandaid .
Politics : I think Obama has to demonstrate that he has exhausted all other options before he has a prayer of getting Voinovich to vote to close debate on a bank nationalization bill .
Paul thinks that the longer Obama delays proposing bank nationalization the lower it 's chances become .
I think the private - sector players in financial markets right now are highly risk averse -- hence assets are undervalued from the perspective of a society or a government that is less risk averse .
Paul judges that assets have low values beceuse they are unlikely to pay out much cash .
More on this third later ...
UPDATE : LATER :
One way to think about it is that the privates are placing a low market price on distressed securities because they place a high weight on future scenarios in which the prices of distressed securities fall still further : in such scenarios they will really need cash really badly , and the additional losses that would be generated if they further extending their positions and if such scenarios came to past would be extremely painful -- institution - destroying , and hence to be avoided at all costs .
The government , however , is the agent of society at large .
As such , it is close to risk neutral : only the losses associated with truly great depressions get substantial extra weight .
It does n't care much about bad news that leads to further declines in the values of toxic assets it holds : if worst comes to worst , it can always offset them by printing more money and so generating an inflation that is annoying and painful but not something to be avoided at all costs .
It is this difference between the ( extremely low ) risk tolerance of private financial intermediaries and the ( relatively high ) risk tolerance of the government and of society at large that creates the rationale for a program like the Geithner Plan .
Hello all .
I have n't seen too much on here about DOD personnel .
My situation is a bit different than what I 've seen on here so I would like some feedback .
I 'm an Air Force NCO with TS / SCI writing this from a deployed location .
About a year ago I took my first poly .
I was interrogated over one of the questions related to releasing classified to someone without a clearance .
I was caught by surprise because there I was thinking this was a cool experience and I had nothing to worry about .
Next thing I know this guys is digging into me about what and how much my wife knows .
Now this is total crap because I have never released any classified info to anyone .
I consider myself a very patriotic American and I 'm very proud of my service record .
I joined shortly after 9/11 and have volunteered for countless deployments .
In fact , this is my 4th Christmas away from my wife and kids .
I explained to the examiner that my wife is n't stupid .
While I have never explicitly given her any classified as my spouse she can piece together enough information from where I go to how I train equipment I have , info on what we do from the spouses network etc to probably know more than someone without a clearance should know .
This was probably a big mistake .
I was rather nervous because my unit has had a rash of people failing poly 's so I was trying to be honest and direct .
I figured I had nothing to worry about .
I was n't told I failed but I was told to come back the next day for another poly .
Of course I freaked out and came home and read this site and others about poly's .
This may have screwed me even more because I then understood the control questions vs security questions .
I basically knew the control questions were worthless so I imagine my physiological response showed that I was more concerned about the security questions .
Even so after the second day the polygrapher told me , after I insisted I was being truthful , that " if I thought u were lying to me I would be a lot meaner . "
He said the results were varying but I was not passing .
NSA would have to make the call .
A few months later I got tested again .
Although the new polygrapher was nicer the first was still always professional and polite .
The interrogation was n't too bad .
In fact it seems to me all the polygraphers genuinely wanted me to pass the exam .
The new polygrapher really tried to put me at ease like he was trying to get me to pass but , alas , same result .
While being vague he said the result was not good enough to pass and after calling HQ scheduled a new test for the next week .
I actually got called for a short notice deployment so the issue went away for awhile as it was re-scheduled .
A couple months ago and about 5 months after the 2nd exam I did a third ( fourth since the first examiner had me come back the next day ) I tried to tell this guy indirectly that I knew what was going on in the test and that was why I was having problems .
I told him I knew he must not really care about the " betray the trust to those close to you " questions or the " suitability " as opposed to security questions because
it was obvious everyone has lied to people they trust or done something that if discovered now would make them look bad etc .
I never explicitly said I knew how the poly worked and he never asked me what I knew but I think it was understood .
Of course he spent hours trying to convince me how important suitability questions are in building a profile etc etc .
At one point he seemed to tell me that if I kept thinking only the security questions mattered I would fail as if to say " man , work with me here . "
Again he genuinely seemed to want me to pass and was trying to guide me there .
I did what I always did .
I told the gods honest truth on the security questions and on the control questions I thought about the most blatant violation of them I had made as I could when I gave the lie they wanted me to .
At the end of the test he told me " well , it 's definitely not close to failing . "
When I asked for clarification he seemed to pull back and said " we 'll have to see what NSA thinks . "
Now , 2 months later , yesterday to be exact , the security manager here at my deployed location told me there 's a hold on my NSAnet account and that I could possibly be sent home .
Already a friend of mine from my unit told me there was a rumor floating around that I got into some major trouble and lost my clearance .
Now this is some serious BS .
I have worked so hard over the last 6 years , sacrificed so much on behalf of my family , and been the best Air Force member I could be .
And now because of this magic voodoo machine I look like a criminal or a spy and rumors are flying all around .
I have done nothing to deserve the shame and embarassment of having a clearance issue .
I would never do something to jeopardize this countries security , quite to the contrary I have worked hard to try and ensure that very security .
And this is my payback .
A slap in the face from a greatful DoD .
I 'm wondering if anyone knows what happens now .
The security manager told me for now I have simply lost NSAnet access and though he said it looked like I will not be sent home de did n't sound to sure .
I know of others who were recently put on security hold and denied access to SCIF 's and given temporary non-security related jobs .
I 'm figuring if I dont get sent home I have probably escaped this fate for now at least .
Who decides what will happen with the future of my clearance ?
Will I totally lose it ?
Can the poly be waived ?
What options if any do I have ?
I did my job for 5 years without a poly and I 've done it a year after my first inconclusive result .
These all just seems so crazy and surreal .
Any guidance / info would be appreciated .
Israel is preventing even a start on rebuilding the swathes of Gaza destroyed during the war by maintaining an embargo on concrete and pipes - arguing that the former could be diverted by Hamas to build bunkers and the latter to launch the home - made rockets that first provoked the war .
Thousands of other vital parts needed to repair utilities are also in limbo , and last week the French government said it would withdraw an emergency water treatment unit that was held up at Gaza 's borders , in protest at Israel 's stance .
It is in some part Robert Shiller 's fault that I am an economist .
In the spring of 1979 I was talking to my freshman economics teacher and saying : gee , it seems that economics is all about how the market is always perfect -- or can be made perfect with a minor technocratic tweak or to .
But that 's not true -- was it Rick Ericson ? -- told me .
Here is a paper by a hotshot young
Yale economist that says that financial markets are really lousy at their job -- and he handed me a xerox of an article by Robert Shiller .
Financial markets are not supposed to be just more boring versions of Las Vegas or ways for the Princes of Wall Street to become fabulously rich by extracting surplus value from the rest of us .
Financial markets are supposed to tell the real economy the value of providing for the future -- of taking resources today and using them nor just for consumption or current enjoyment but in building up technologies , factories , buildings , and companies that will produce value for the future .
And Shiller has more than anyone else argued economists into admitting that financial markets do a really lousy job .
The prices that financial markets feed the real economy value safety too much , are also much too frightened of risk , on average are too low -- that is , greatly undervalue the worth of providing for the future , and are also grossly excessively volatile .
Depending on the date , the same flow of rationally - expected future profits and values can vary in its price by a factor of three depending on what Akerlof and Shiller call " animal spirits " and what Chicago - school economists like Cochrane and French call " time variation in the unfortcastable component of required expected returns . "
Later on , when I grew up and became an economist , I found that I had been baited - and - switched : that Robert Shiller was an unusual economist , and that the modal economist working on Shiller - issues in an American finance department spends most of his or her time explaining that what I call the Shiller - facts about the performance of financial markets are n't facts at all , or if they are facts they reflect not bubbles and mistakes but are , rather , rational .
But Shiller did change my life .
Not only is he one of the reasons I am an economist , and not only is his work the inspiration for what is still today my most cited troy of publications , but when I moved to California in 1995 I found that one of the options was that I could get a sam from Berkeley - - a lower interest rate plus mortgage insurance ...
But what would we do if we took Shillet seriously -- as we should ?
Two planks :
You know what Microsoft ’s Xbox Live does not consider offensive enough to ban ?
Grand Theft Auto IV : The Lost and Damned , where players steal , harass other characters , beat on prostitutes , and shoot to kill .
And Resident Evil 4 , where players encounter a dead female corpose pinned against the wall with a pitchfork through her face in the first few minutes of game play .
And NARC , where players smoke pot , roll on ectasty , and get high on LSD to make their characters stronger .
And 50 Cent : Bulletproof , where players take part in drive - bys and gang warfare to buy new music videos .
But you know what Xbox Live does deem too offensive ?
Identifying yourself as a lesbian in your player profile .
In 2007 we told you about a player who got virtually gay bashed ( video ) playing Xbox ’s Halo 3 for having the screenname “ xxxGayBoyxxx . ”
Another Xbox player reported being forced to change his account name from something other than “ thegayergamer , ” since , according to a supervisor the player spoke to , the Xbox “ community ” thought the moniker was too offensive .
Even a guy named “ Richard Gaywood ” had to change his screenname .
And now another player says she was banned from Xbox for acknowledging she was a lesbian — after users complained .
She writes Consumerist :
I just recently saw a thing on your site about someones gamer tag being banned because it had the word gay in the tag .
I had a similar incident , only my account was suspended because I had said in my profile that I was a lesbian .
I was harassed by several players , ‘ chased ’ to different maps / games to get away from their harassment .
They followed me into the games and told all the other players to turn me in because they did n’t want to see that crap or their kids to see that crap .
As if xbox live is really appropriate for kids anyways !
My account was suspended and xbox live did nothing to solve this , but instead said others found it offensive .
Today I received a message from another gamer calling me a fag .
I am a lesbian , so they are n’t too smart if they cant get their anti-gay slurs right .
Microsoft does nothing to stop this or prevent it , but instead sides with the homophobes .
No one will help me get the word out about Microsoft ’s anti-gay policy .
Not even the HRC who says Microsoft has a positive image with them .
Not to me it does n’t !
It ’s worth noting that Microsoft does n’t ban the words “ gay ” or “ lesbian ” as a matter of policy ; that is , you can type those strings of characters in Xbox games without immediately being banned or censored .
Doing so is , I think , a good thing — though a video game community of homophobes probably means the words “ gay ” and “ fag ” are used more often as slurs than anything else .
And when someone flags a user for being too “ gay , ” Microsoft ’s wrath follows .
But Microsoft ’s position to cave to the Xbox “ community , ” rather than defend its paying customers from harassment , is hateful .
While it ’s unrealistic to think all gamers can be protected from being taunted while playing , the company should have some method of protecting those who alert it to harassment .
Instead , they blame the victims , and ban them .
Despicable .
[ Video game descriptions via Gamespot ]
Korean - American Mike Kim , author of ' Escaping North Korea : Defiance and Hope in the World 's Most Repressive Country , ' discusses how and why he put a career in finance on hold to help North Korean refugees in China .
A : Well , to answer that question I ’d have to take you back to July 2001 .
At that time , I had my own financial planning business in Chicago .
My clientele was growing , and I had just hired my own personal assistant .
Business was looking good , and I decided to take a two - week vacation to travel to China , and it was there in northeast China that I met a North Korean refugee for the first time .
And when I met this little girl , a North Korean refugee , my immediate question was :
What ’s a North Korean refugee ?
I ’m a Korean - American , born and raised in the States , but I had never heard of refugees in China before .
So that trip was the first I had begun to learn about the problem of the famine and political and religious oppression and people fleeing the country .
And as a result , when I returned to the States , I decided that I had to do something to help out .
I ’d tell people often that [ it was ] something like the U.S. Peace Corps type of deal .
And while I was young , single , mobile , I wanted to do something like this , at least once in my life , to go and live at the border and help the North Koreans .
And I felt like I would regret it if I did n’t .
And that was how I came to that decision .
A : A couple of reasons I can think of .
One is that we made a policy change to not help North Koreans get to South Korea any more .
My observation was that anybody engaged in that type of work was captured and deported within a year and blacklisted from ever re-entering the country .
So we decided we wanted to have a long - term perspective to stay in China , and as a result we would only help refugees stay in China or return to North Korea .
So as a result , I feel like that was one of the big reasons we were able to stay under the radar .
The other is that we were very careful with security , so we changed our cell phone numbers often .
We were very careful about language — language that we used on the phone or when we met in public areas .
And also our staff there in China , we had good covers and good reason to be at the China - North Korea border .
A : I have also heard similar reports that the security along the border has tightened in recent months .
And North Korea is doing everything it can to stop the exodus of refugees , and I ’ve heard reports that they ’ve sent senior military personnel to replace younger border patrol guards at the North Korea and China border in hopes somehow that the senior guards would not take bribes .
And as a result , this made it a lot more difficult for refugees to escape .
One of the things I have noticed is that there has been a correlation , during my time there as well as now , between the number of women that are trafficked and the security at the border .
And as the security tightens , there are fewer options for the North Koreans to escape the regime .
And as a result , women increasingly turn to sex - trafficking rings in order to escape the country .
So I ’ve noticed that as security at the border tightens , a larger percentage of the women that come across will come as a result of being trafficked .
A :
The punishment ranges from imprisonment to beatings and torture and , in some cases , execution .
And it really depends on the type of " crime . "
As a result , the punishments can vary widely .
We 've heard from our interviews that when refugees are repatriated , they 're asked two questions .
One is , " While you were in China , did you have any contact with foreigners , specifically Americans and South Koreans ? "
The second question is , " While you were in China , did you have any contact with Christians ? "
And to answer yes to either of those questions means the most severe of punishments .
To be caught owning a Bible can mean having you and your entire family up to three generations sent to the gulag .
But North Koreans have come up with creative ways of hiding their Bibles .A : Yes , that was definitely by far the most dangerous experience I had during my four years in China .
This was a project to help two North Korean women get to South Korea : Mrs. Lee and Ms. Kim .
Mrs. Lee was sick with tuberculosis , and we learned later that if she had not received medical help within the next two to three weeks , she would have died .
She was that sick .
And Ms. Kim was a victim of sex trafficking .
I was just deeply moved by their situation and wanted to help them get to South Korea .
Initially , I did not want to do this project myself , so I met with others to see if they would be willing to help these two women get to South Korea .
And the response I got was , in some cases people said no , they could not help at that time .
In other instances , they said that they would be willing to help , but that it was a risky time .
I was n't very comfortable with the options out there , so I decided to explore , myself , and came up with a plan to help get these women to Bangkok , Thailand .
It 's still largely unknown today , but there is a modern - day , 6,000 - mile underground railroad in Asia that resembles the underground railroad during the Civil War to help slaves get to safety in the North .
And it also resembles the railroad to help Jewish refugees escape during the Holocaust , to escape the Nazi regime .
We operated on this path , and we would help refugees get to safety by helping them move from North Korea through China , into southern China , across into Laos , and eventually into Bangkok , Thailand , where they go into the South Korean embassy and are given permission to be flown to Seoul , South Korea .
In the case of Mrs. Lee and Ms. Kim , once we were inside Laos , Laotian border patrol soldiers came up with their AK - 47s pointed at us .
I ’d never had a gun pointed at me like that before .
They threatened to send the two women back to the China .
They held us under arrest for two days .
But in the end , a Laotian police captain charged a “ fine ” of $ 1,000 for each of the two women and allowed us to head on in to Thailand .
A : I had never done anything like this before .
Again , I turned to other organizations , other groups and individuals , to help these North Koreans , and again I received a similar answer that they could not help at that time .
Or they told me their plans , and I just was n't comfortable with what I was hearing .
So , as a result , I decided that I would try to help them myself .
I got a tip from a friend , and he said to check out the British consulate in Shanghai , where he noticed that security was weak .
So I got on a plane over to Shanghai .
I walked into the consulate , picked up a visa form and pretended to read it , and observed my surroundings .
I noticed that the Chinese guard outside the door was kind of careless with security , and as a result I concluded that this might be a good location , since he would leave the door unattended from time to time .
So I returned to the northeast , to the border , and met with the teenagers and laid out the plan for them .
I recall Yonhee , the oldest of the group , begging me for a 100 percent guarantee that this would be a safe project .
And I took the advice of a friend who had done this work , who said , " Mike , if you ever decide to do this , tell the North Koreans the risks involved .
Tell them that they might be repatriated , and they could be executed . "
And he said , " Because , if you do n't tell them , you do n't want to live with that on your conscience .
That 's happened to me , and it 's pretty awful .
" So I took his advice to heart , and I told the teenagers about the risks involved .
They decided that they wanted to risk it all for freedom .
When the four teenagers entered the consulate , the guard tried to drag them outside .
His action was actually against international law .
The four of them kicked and screamed and one of the consular employees came out and rescued them .
Now they are all safely in Seoul , South Korea .
A couple of interesting details are that they made it in before July 4 and also a few days before Roh Moo-hyun , the South Korean president at the time , visited Shanghai .
On July 4 , of all days , they were given their freedom and tasted it for the first time in their lives .
Also , refugees are usually kept in consulates for months before being given permission to fly out to South Korea .
In this case , the Chinese government wanted to get them out as soon as possible , because they did n't want any media attention with the visit of the South Korean president .
I wish I could say I was clever enough to plan those two details out .
But things just kind of worked out that way , and I was very pleased .
After doing these two projects , we made a policy change , saying , " We 're not going to engage in this kind work .
We 'll leave this important work to other organizations .
From here on out , we 'll just help North Koreans live safely in China or return to North Korea .
" A : I would say , without a doubt , there are some Chinese police and some in the government that sympathize with our cause .
I wonder sometimes if there was some sort of understanding where they said as long as I ’m just helping the refugees live in China or return to North Korea , and not causing any other problems , that they would let me continue to do that .
There ’s no way to know for sure , but I wonder why I was able to live there for four years and our organization was able to operate with relative ease .
There is one story that one of our refugees tells of when they were captured and repatriated , and this North Korean woman speaks of being captured and sent to a Chinese detention center , and when they were being repatriated to North Korea , she said that some of the women police officers were crying , sympathizing with them , and some of them gave their phone numbers , saying , " If some of you ever return to China , give us a call and we would be happy to help you out . "
So definitely there are some people that sympathize with the cause of helping the North Korean refugees .
A : I ’ve heard numbers saying that anywhere from 60 to 80 percent of North Korean refugee women are sex - trafficked .
I would say , within my observation , that would be fairly accurate .
At one point before meeting with the U.S. State Department , the Trafficking in Persons office — the Office to Monitor and Combat Human Trafficking — before meeting with them , we did a survey of our shelters and wanted to know what percentage of our women were sex - trafficked .
And when we did that survey , we found that 97 percent of women were , in fact , there as a result of being sold .
So we do n’t know if that ’s representative of the full environment or what other organizations are seeing .
But we did find that a large number of our women , at that moment in time , were there as a result of being sex - trafficked .
I think the number of people who come as a result of being sex - trafficked throw off that ratio of men to women , and as a result you see more women refugees in China than men.A : You have both men and women , of course , wanting to go to China , but it ’s easier for women because they are sex - trafficked , so you ’ll find a larger number of women being found in China .
There ’s two ways that we ’ve seen that women are trafficked , which is that Chinese businessmen or their North Korean counterpart will make a pitch to a family , saying , " If your daughter comes with us into China we have a great job in a nearby factory , and they will make a good salary and be able to send money back to your family to help out .
" As soon as they cross over into China , they ’re in a land with no rights , in a foreign land , and as a result they ’re sold to the highest - paying Chinese man .
The other way that happens is when they venture into China on their own , they are abducted by these human - trafficking rings and also sold to the highest - paying Chinese man .A : Yes , many of them are tricked or abducted , and there are also some women that willingly — especially when security at the border is tighter — they know that they ’re going to be sold , and they consent .
They are sold through these trafficking rings , and their plan is to run away at the first chance they get .
A : That ’s right .
All of this is done in conjunction with the Chinese and North Korean police and government .
It could n’t be done without them .A : As we were walking along the trail , we came across small houses where dogs rushed out to bark at us .
Our guide explained to us that the owners of the houses use the dogs to detect refugees .
Any women they caught on these trails would be sold to the sex - trafficking rings .
A : After I graduate in May , I will be starting my own company .
The plan is to do business and nonprofit work in Asia .
I ’ve always loved both .
I love doing business , and I ’ve always loved doing nonprofit work as well .
I think it ’s important , it ’s healthy , to have a certain involvement in nonprofit work for the rest of your life , so I hope to engage in both , and my goal would be to explore other issues as well as continue to be involved in the North Korean one as well .
I am currently working on a study as well for next steps on North Korea and on a study on the business environment in North Korea .
So we ’re doing case studies , interviewing people who are currently or have formerly done business in North Korea .
We want to come up with some recommendations for people .
I joke that it ’s kind of my way to patch things up with the North Korean government after writing this book on the refugees , a very sensitive topic .
Now my next publication , which we ’re hoping to publish in the summer , is on business in North Korea .
The performance of the worldwide manufacturing sector remained very weak in February .
Although the JPMorgan Global Manufacturing PMI rose further from December ’s record low , at 35.8 it was still well below the critical no -change mark of 50.0 .
Rates of decline eased for production and new orders , but accelerated to reach a new survey record for employment .
“ The PMI edged higher for a second successive month in February .
The data are still pointing to marked declines in output and new orders , but the gains in these indexes indicate that the rate of contraction has begun to ease in global industry .
Production cuts are likely to remain deep near - term while companies reduce inventory . ”
David Hensley , Director of Global Economics Coordination at JPMorgan
Employment declined for the eleventh successive month in February .
The performance of the US manufacturing labor market was especially weak , with staffing levels falling at the fastest pace in the sixty - one year ISM series history .
Employment also fell at survey record rates in the Eurozone , Japan , the UK , Australia and Switzerland .
Eurozone
Final Purchasing Managersâ€™ Index data confirms that the rate of deterioration of the Eurozoneâ€™s manufacturing economy continued to gather pace in February .
The Markit Eurozone Final Manufacturing PMI fell from 34.4 in January to 33.5 , the lowest reading in the 11.5 - year history of the survey and also slightly below the earlier Flash reading of 33.6 .
The renewed downturn in the PMI was driven by output falling at a new record rate , and to a greater extent than signaled by the Flash , registering the ninth successive monthly fall in production .
Slower rates of decline in Germany , Spain , the Netherlands , Greece and Austria were countered by sharp accelerations in rates of contraction in France and Ireland and a more moderate acceleration in Italy , with all three latter countries seeing record falls in output .
Commenting on the PMI data , Markit chief economist , Chris Williamson said : â€ œThe final Eurozone PMI data are a further disappointment on the earlier Flash numbers for February , and indicates that the rate of decline of manufacturing has yet to stabilize .
The data are consistent with manufacturing output and employment falling at annual rates in the region of 12 and 5 percent , respectively .
Germany is currently seeing the steepest downturn in demand , though sharply falling sales remain widely reported by country and product sector.â€ 
Germany
Operating conditions remained extremely tough in the German manufacturing sector in February as a near - record downturn in new orders led to another rapid reduction in output .
Lower workloads and subsequent excess capacity led to further staff restructuring in February , with data pointing to the fastest rate of job shedding since the series began in April 1996 .
Meanwhile , the deflationary dynamic in factory gate prices strengthened in February , with charges reduced sharply in response to low demand and a marked fall in raw material costs .
The headline seasonally adjusted Markit / BME Purchasing Managersâ€™ Index ( PMI ) â€ “ designed to give a single - figure snapshot of operating conditions in the manufacturing economy â€ “ posted 32.1 in February , little - changed from the earlier â€˜flashâ€™ figure of 32.2 .
Although the PMI remained indicative of a sharp retrenchment of the German manufacturing sector , the index rose for the first time since March 2008 .
The slight rise in the PMI , from 32.0 to 32.1 , was largely the result of a slower contraction of production levels compared to Januaryâ€™s survey record .
New order volumes continued to fall at a near survey record rate in February , reflecting a general reluctance among clients to commit to new work .
Anecdotal evidence also pointed to shrinking demand from companies in the automobile sector .
Input prices fell rapidly in February and the rate of deflation was little - changed from the previous monthâ€™s survey record .
Meanwhile , data pointed to a fourth successive drop in factory gate prices , with the rate of deflation the fastest since the series began in September 2002 .
Commenting on the final Markit / BME Germany Manufacturing PMI survey data , Tim Moore , economist at Markit Economics said : â€ œGerman manufacturers suffered another brutal month in February as the slump in demand from abroad showed little sign of abating .
Severe weakness in manufacturing exports will continue to weigh heavily on GDP in the first quarter , with the latest drop in new export orders by far the fastest of the big four Eurozone nations .
The survey also indicates that official manufacturing employment numbers will fall at the fastest annual rate for around 15 years in Q1.â€ 
Spain
Spanish manufacturing conditions continued to deteriorate in February at levels similar to a month earlier , though off December ’s record low .
The indicator rose in February to 31.8 from 31.5 a month earlier , both readings significantly off December ’s record low of 28.5 .
“ Although the headline PMI ticked up again in February , operating conditions remained extremely tough .
It is still too early to start talking of a recovery in the Spanish manufacturing sector , ” said Markit economist Andrew Harker .
Over half of those surveyed reported lower orders in February due to falling demand and noted particularly sharp declines in demand from abroad , especially Europe .
Both output and input prices slipped to record lows as the economic environment deteriorated , with raw material prices easing and producers cutting prices to stimulate demand .
“ The series record falls in both input prices and output charges signal that deflationary pressures are set to intensify , with consumer price deflation possible in the near future , ” said Harker .
Italy
Italian manufacturers faced another month of deteriorating operating conditions during February .
Output , employment and outstanding business all fell at series record rates , while new business from both domestic and foreign markets fell sharply .
The headline seasonally adjusted Markit / ADACI Purchasing Managersâ€™ Index posted 35.0 in February , down from 36.1 in January and a reading only marginally above Novemberâ€™s survey low .
New business received by Italian manufacturers fell for the 14th straight month during February , and at an accelerated rate from January .
The far - reaching impact of the economic downturn was cited by respondents as the principal factor underlying the latest decline .
The drop in demand was broad - based with falls in new orders reported in both domestic and overseas markets .
Employment at Italian manufacturers fell at the fastest pace on record during February .
Panel members reported that plummeting workloads had been the primary force lowering staffing levels during the month .
Deflation remained evident in the sector during February as both input and output prices fell at series record rates .
A sharp drop in raw material prices was cited as the key factor driving down costs .
The fall in input prices partially accounted for the record decline in factory gate charges .
The economic downturn increasing competitive pressures was cited as a further key factor forcing manufacturers to lower tariffs .
More generally , panelists reported that liquidity constraints had forced them to request longer crediting periods , thereby impacting on their ability to make new purchases with vendors .
Combined with reduced production requirements , Italian manufacturers subsequently lowered their purchasing activity and ( where possible ) utilized existing stocks of purchases .
France
French manufacturing activity contracted at a record pace in February as new orders remained weak .
The weakness in the sector ’s activity level was reflected in the manufacturing purchasing managers index , which fell to an all - time low of 34.8 in February , down from both the 35.4 figure expected and January ’s 37.9 figure .
According to Markit , the reduction in output was due to ongoing declines in new orders levels , with data suggesting both domestic and foreign markets are deteriorating .
“ Another steep drop in new orders suggests that extremely weak demand is becoming entrenched , with firms remain focused on reducing their inventories of both purchases and finished goods , ” Markit economist Jack Kennedy said in a press release .
Furthermore , with the PMI pointing to record low levels in both input and output price components , deflationary pressures are likely to grow , adding to arguments for further monetary easing in the euro zone , Kennedy added .
Asia
Japan
Japan ’s February manufacting PMI showed manufacturing activity contracted for a 12th straight month in February , underscoring the fact that the depressed state of Japanese industry is likely to continue .
The Nomura / JMMA Japan PMI edged up to a seasonally adjusted 31.6 from a record low of 29.6 in January .
China
Chinaâ€™s manufacturing shrank for a seventh month in February as the global financial crisis cut exports and growth across Asia .
The CLSA China Purchasing Managersâ€™ Index rose to a seasonally adjusted 45.1 from 42.2 in January .
â€ œManufacturing activity is still contracting , only at a more moderate pace than at the end of 2008 , â€ said Eric Fishwick , head of economic research at CLSA in Hong Kong .
Increases in the PMI and measures of orders are â€œencouraging , â€  he
said .
The index for export orders rose to 39.5 in February from 36.3 in January .
A measure of orders climbed to 44.2 from 39.9 .
Output gained to 43.9 from 39.7 .
An employment index rose to 46.6 from 45 , its first increase in seven months .
India
Indian manufacturing activity shrank for a fourth straight month in February as the global downturn hurt demand and soured business sentiment , a survey showed on Monday .
The ABN AMRO Bank purchasing managers ’index rose to a seasonally adjusted 47.0 in February from January ’s 46.7 .
The Indian economy grew 5.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 ( calendar ) , according to Indian government data released last Friday , below forecasts of 6.2 percent and the previous quarter ’s growth of 7.6 percent .
Central and Eastern Europe
Russia
Russian manufacturing contracted for a fifth month in a row in February as the rubleâ€™s devaluation increased corporate costs and demand slumped at home and abroad , according to the latest report from VTB Capital .
VTBâ€™s Purchasing Managersâ€™ Index was at 40.6 , after a 34.4 reading in January .
The duration of the index contraction now matches the decline registered in 1998 , when the government dropped its support of the ruble and defaulted on $ 40 billion of debt .
And the contraction does n’t seem set to end anytime soon .
â€ œThe data suggests that the current downturn will be more pronounced than in
1998 , with a sharp V - shaped rebound appearing unlikely , â€ Dmitry Fedotkin , an
economist at VTB Capital in Moscow , said in the report .
Hungary
Hungary ’s manufacturing purchasing manager index came back slightly from its all - time low of 38.5 in January to 39.7 in February , according to the Hungarian Association of Logistics , Purchasing and Inventory Management ( HALPIM ) , the publisher of the PMI .
While the contraction of the manufacturing industry that started last October continues , the rate of contraction has eased slightly .
Czech Republic
The Czech Purchasing Managers ’ Index ( PMI ) rose to 32.6 in February , from 31.5 in January , the first upward move in a year , but the reading still indicated a rapid contraction , according to the press release from Markit Economics and ABN Amro .
The figure for output continued to fall at a sharp rate overall in February for the eighty month .
However , seasonally adjusted output rose for the second month running from December ’s record low , indicating the weakest rate of decline in three months .
New orders remained well below the no-change mark of 50.0 in February , indicating a seventh successive monthly drop .
For the third month running , over half of the survey panel reported lower new orders , linked to the worsening climate of demand both at home and in key export markets .
Poland
The Purchasing Managers ’ Index for the Polish manufacturing sector rose in February for the second month in a row and came in at 40.8 ( from 40.3 in January ) .
However , the figure for output fell to 40.2 points from a previous 40.6 points .
Analysts said the February PMI figure probably marked a rebound after earlier sharp declines and suggested a weaker zloty may have helped cushion perceptions of the downturn by making exports cheaper .
But they added that the outlook for growth remained grim .
USA
Manufacturing contracted in February as the PMI registered 35.8 percent , which is 0.2 percentage point higher than the 35.6 percent reported in January .
This is the 13th consecutive month of contraction in the manufacturing sector .
A reading above 50 percent indicates that the manufacturing economy is generally expanding ; below 50 percent indicates that it is generally contracting .
A PMI in excess of 41.2 percent , over a period of time , generally indicates an expansion of the overall economy .
Therefore , the PMI indicates contraction in both the overall economy and the manufacturing sector .
Ore stated , “ The past relationship between the PMI and the overall economy indicates that the PMI for February ( 35.8 percent ) corresponds to a 1.7 percent decline in real gross domestic product ( GDP ) on an annual basis . ”
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Minutes after he reported hitting birds and losing power in both engines , the pilot of US Airways Flight 1549 calmly told an air traffic controller the plane would ditch into the Hudson River .
Surveillance video shows passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 hurrying onto the plane 's wings .
more photos »
" We can't do it , " pilot Chesley B. " Sully " Sullenberger said at 3:29 p.m. on January 15 , in response to efforts to land the plane at New Jersey 's Teterboro airport , according to a recording released Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration .
" We 're gonna be in the Hudson , " Sullenberger said , about three and a half minutes after the Airbus A320 took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport .
" I 'm sorry , say again , " said the controller , from New York Tracon , a radar facility on Long Island that handles flights after they depart from LaGuardia or Teterboro airports ..
Listen to the pilot talk to the controllers »
There is no response .
The plane , headed from LaGuardia to Charlotte , North Carolina , ditched into the frigid Hudson River .
All 155 passengers and crew members on board survived the incident .
Hero pilot on ' Larry King '
Watch the heroic US Airways pilot and crew in their first live primetime interview .
Tuesday , 9 p.m. ET on CNN see full schedule »
About two minutes before Sullenberger said the plane would end up in the river , he reported hitting birds and losing power in both engines .
" Hit birds .
We lost thrust in both engines .
We 're turning back towards LaGuardia , " Sullenberger said at 3:27 p.m. , about a minute and a half after the flight took off .
A controller at New York Tracon responded to the pilot , saying " OK , yeah , you need to return to LaGuardia . "
The controller then alerted LaGuardia 's air traffic control tower : " Tower , stop your departures , we got an emergency returning . "
Read transcript of pilot 's communication with controllers
Minutes later , Sullenberger said the plane might not make it back to LaGuardia .
" We 're unable .
We may end up in the Hudson , " he said .
The Tracon controller then asked the pilot if he wants to go to Teterboro airport in New Jersey .
The pilot said yes , and the controller alerted air traffic control there .
At 3:29 p.m. , however , Sullenberger told the Tracon controller the plane could n't make it to that airport , and shortly afterward , the plane dropped into the Hudson .
On Wednesday , the National Transportation Safety Board said both the plane 's engines contained the remains of birds .
The engines from Flight 1549 had been sent to the manufacturer in Cincinnati , Ohio , where the NTSB directed the analysis , the safety board said in a news release .
Material from both engines was sent to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington for identification of the bird species .
iReport.com : Passenger 's perspective moments after crash
The plane 's flight data recorder " revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said .
All About Chesley Sullenberger • Accidents and Disasters • Hudson River
All About Accidents and Disasters • Hudson River
The happy friend is a lifesaver who can bring you up when feeling down .
The importance of happy friends is critical to your happiness .
There is powerful energy in the moods of people .
The mood basically relates to energy , it is an energy that can be felt but not seen .
How many times have we felt the energy in a room or at work go down or up when a certain person walks in .
There is a connection among humans and all living species that science is only recently beginning to notice but that spirit has always known .
At some level we are all connected , exactly how this is has not fully been made clear .
When we are feeling down often we think of people we can contact who will cheer us up .
We seek those who can relate to our down feeling and some how hope they will lift our mood .
This is the power of a happy friend .
The key is we need each other ; we are in this world together and together is the only way we can survive .
The power of friends is mentioned in the Bible .
It is stated in proverbs 18:24 that a real friend can sticks closer than a brother .
This implies that friends can be there for us even more than blood relatives .
The emphasis here is on real friendship , one not based on money , sex , or other conditions .
A happy friend is a powerful help to our own mood but how does one find happy friends .
A key to finding happy friends can be found in the child .
Studies show that as we get older our circle of friends usually diminish .
The lesson in the child is very profound , it is typical for a child to make new friends everyday , and there is a kind of simplicity to how the child makes happy friends .
Children do not think too much about the differences between themselves and others the way adults do .
Children seem to know that they are children and relate to other children on this level .
Child keep it basis with each other .
They do not emphasis racial , economic , or class differences the way adults do .
Often the depths of their encounters are “ Do you want to play ” .
Happy friends or similar they usually keep it light .
The conversations are light hearted and are an escape from our so - called reality .
It is not that they do not take life seriously or lack intellect .
Actually they bring a refreshing order to what is an often - difficult situation .
The lesson of the child is one we must relearn as an adult , we must not judge our background differences so heavily ; we may have to go back to viewing ourselves as boys and girls do once again .
The child keeps it simple and we must as well to draw the happy friends deeper into our circle .
Children usually see the world in two categories , you are either a kid or an adult , it is like the children who spoke a different language from the adults in the old Charlie brown cartoons .
Happy does attract happy but the key is not in faking joy , it is how you handle situations .
Happy friends handle life lighter ; they seem to have discovered that life can only do so much bad to them .
The spiritual person is taught the same lesson from Lord Jesus he said , “ Be of good cheer for I have overcome the world ” .
Yes life will be tough at times but happy friends seem to realize that something bigger that themselves really has overcome this world .
March 7th was a busy day .
After the daily 2 pm mascletà , and the special Gran Mascletà Napolitana at the beach , we mustered our remaining strength and went down to Ruzafa .
At 9 pm , they were turning on the famous street lights of Calle Sueca .
There was a large , boisterous crowd gathered and right before 9 pm , it was packed extremely tight .
Someone came on a megaphone to say that the lighting was being pushed back 15 minutes , and the crowd groaned and booed .
Good - naturedly , of course .
A man next to us dropped to his knees in a mock display of agony and pleading .
At some time after 9:15 , majestic orchestral music started and the streetlights were lit , one section at a time .
First the blues , then the columns , and finally the crown .
When viewing it all lit up together , it ’s hard not to be impressed , but the “ lighting show ” was cheesy , and left a lot to be desired .
And then they did it / twice / .
For the TV or something .
The crowd was too busy laughing to “ ooh ” and “ ahh ” with the appropriate respect the second time through .
The good thing is , you did n’t have to attend the lighting to fully enjoy the lights .
Until the 19th , you have the chance to walk down to Ruzafa and check them out .
And grab a few buñuelos from the stand of La Albacete ña while you ’re there — they were delicious .
More pictures :
Through Expressions at Tihar is an exhibition of paintings by the prisoners of Tihar jail in the Indian capital , Delhi .
This is by Virender Sharma .
The show , organised by the Ramchander Nath Foundation ( RNF ) and Ojas Art , opened on Friday .
Organisers say the artwork aims to give a glimpse of prison to mainstream society .
Painting by Rohit .
Since 2007 , prisoners have been provided art training and leading contemporary artists have visited the jail to interact with inmates .
Painting : Ajay
The idea was to help inmates explore different art - related career opportunities and to utilise art as a means for therapy , say the organisers .
Artwork : Avinash Recently , the RNF organised a competition for the inmates .
The response was overwhelming and the best works were selected by a panel of judges comprising three well - known artists .
Painting : Pawan
The inmates whose paintings are featured at the exhibition include those by petty criminals and those by serious offenders who are in for kidnapping , murder or rape .
Artwork : Boniface
The proceeds from the sale of these artworks will go to the artists to aid them in their vocational training and rehabilitation .
Artwork : Iqbal Tihar , in the west of India 's capital , is the country 's biggest prison .
It has the capacity to accommodate 6,250 inmates , but houses many more .
Artwork : Suraj Until a few years ago , it was a place to be feared , but it is now regarded as a global model for prison reforms .
Artwork : Babbar
The prison authorities say the key to their success is a holistic approach to reform and rehabilitation .
Artwork : Dal Lama Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend
Previous Lackadaisy Preview 0001 Lackadaisy Preview 0002 Lackadaisy Preview 0003 Lackadaisy Preview 0004 Lackadaisy Preview 0005 Lackadaisy Preview 0006 Lackadaisy Preview 0007 Lackadaisy Valentino Lackadaisy Preview 0009 Lackadaisy Preview 0010 Lackadaisy Preview 0011 Lackadaisy Preview 0012 Lackadaisy Preview 0013 Lackadaisy Preview 0014 Lackadaisy Preview 0015 Lackadaisy Quick - fix Lackadaisy Preview 0017 Lackadaisy Preview 0018 Lackadaisy Preview 0019 Lackadaisy Preview 0020 Lackadaisy Massacre Lackadaisy Preview 0021 Lackadaisy Preview 0022 Lackadaisy Preview 0023 Lackadaisy Preview 0024 Lackadaisy Preview 0025 Lackadaisy Preview 0026 Lackadaisy Preview 0027 Lackadaisy Preview 0028 Lackadaisy Preview 0029 Lackadaisy Expressions Lackadaisy Preview 0030 Lackadaisy Construction Lackadaisy Preview 0031 Lackadaisy Preview 0032 Haberdashery Tutorials Next
Lackadaisy Massacre A Viktor and Mordecai flashback again .
Uhh ...emotions are hard .
[ Creative Commons photo by Ari ]
The city of San Francisco is considering a ban on flash mobs after this year ’s massive Valentine ’s Day pillow fight caused an estimated $ 20,000 in damage .
This was San Francisco ’s fourth annual pillow fight , but this year rainy weather caused feathers to clog up storm drains , leading to flooding in streets and some businesses .
I ’d hate to see the city punish all flash mob organizers because of one careless stunt .
Flash mobs like the Carrot Mob do a great job of applauding eco-friendly businesses without causing any collateral damage .
Blanket legislation because of this one pillow fight seems a little bit harsh to me .
And because I know you really just want to see what thousands of people having a pillow fight is like , here ’s some video :
( LifeWire ) --
When Lynn Houston was 27 , she met an affectionate young man during a business trip to Virginia .
Although she lived in Arizona , the two began dating ; they married six months later .
But after she joined him in Virginia , he became distant and had angry flare - ups , Houston says .
Dad Mike Chorley and husband Mike Wobschall agree on everything , according to Alison Wobschall .
He barely resembled the man she 'd married , but he did remind her of another man she knew well : her father .
" They were both very emotionally unavailable and prone to outbursts of rage , " says Houston , now 44 and a business consultant in Phoenix .
After six years of attempting to rescue the union through therapy , Houston filed for divorce .
Alison Wobschall also married a man like her father , but with much better results .
" I have a great relationship with my dad , so I suppose I looked for a partner who shares some of his good qualities , " says Wobschall , 22 , head of marketing and public relations for a Minneapolis nonprofit .
Both men are " really interested in politics and the stock market , and they agree on everything , " she says .
" Also , when I 'm upset about something , they 'll always help me put it in perspective . "
Both share the name Mike , and they even look alike .
And Alison bears a striking resemblance to her mother - in - law , in appearance as well as personality .
" We always laugh at the same things , even if nobody else is laughing , " she says .
Although Houston's and Wobschall 's marriages could n't have been more different , both women chose partners who resembled a parent .
And , say experts , their experiences are n't that unusual .
Comfort in familiarity
Berkeley , California , psychotherapist Elayne Savage says familiarity is a big reason people may choose someone like Mom or Dad as a partner .
" When you grow up familiar with a certain type of person , you 're attracted to that same type of person because it feels comfortable , whether you like it or not , " says Savage , author of " Breathing Room : Creating Space to Be a Couple . "
" That 's what people mean when they meet a potential partner and say , ' It ' feels like I 've known him my whole life . ' "
Anecdotal evidence also suggests that a parent 's physical or intellectual traits may have some influence .
A Hungarian researcher studied the facial features of 52 families and found a significant correlation between the appearance of men and their fathers - in - law and those of women and their mothers - in - law .
And in a survey of approximately 2,700 " high - achieving " men -- those in the top 10 percent of their age income bracket and / or with an advanced degree -- a University of Iowa researcher found they are likely to marry women with education levels and careers that mirror those of their moms .
Miami resident Aaron Gordon , 27 , would n't argue .
Gordon 's wife , Rebecca , 27 , has the same career as his mom -- teaching gifted elementary - schoolers -- and the women share a love of cooking and talking on the phone .
" When I met Rebecca , she was pursuing a career in advertising , and it was n't until well after we started dating that she decided she did n't like advertising and opted instead to get her master 's in education , " says Aaron .
" Although I definitely wanted to marry an educated woman , I would n't say that it was critical that she match my mom's level of schooling -- though in the end , they both earned master 's degrees . "
Rebecca says Aaron is just like her dad .
" The longer I 'm with Aaron , the more I notice idiosyncratic things , like the fact that they both love politics , and are both bad drivers , and both love going to supermarket for like two hours and buying too much stuff , " she laughs .
Righting old wrongs
Sometimes , people choose mates who resemble their parents not because of fond memories , but to make amends for an unhappy childhood .
" This is most common if you felt rejected or abandoned by a parent and still have n't worked through it , " says Stephen Treat , director of the Council for Relationships , a Philadelphia nonprofit .
" Your psyche wants to go back to the scene of the crime , so to speak , and resolve that parental relationship in a marriage . "
Women who felt abandoned by their fathers are likely to choose emotionally unavailable husbands , for example , and men raised by hypercritical moms will be drawn to wives who pick on them , he says .
It 's not a good idea .
" You think you 'll be able to heal this way , but you 're probably no more equipped to deal with the situation than you were as a child , and the parental dynamic gets repeated in your marriage , usually with bad consequences , " he says .
Reclaiming personal history
Does that mean it's a mistake to marry somebody like Mom or Dad ?
Casey Clark Ney , 30 , hopes not .
She and her dad , who is now deceased , lived in different states after her parents divorced when she was a child .
Although they had a warm phone relationship , Ney only saw him once or twice a year , and he was n't very physically affectionate .
Her husband , James , 31 , resembles her dad and has a similar " hard - working , calm , kind " quality .
But James , too , is n't very affectionate .
" He grew up in a family who did n't do a lot of hugs and kisses and ' I love you 's , and that does bother me , " says Ney , a freelance journalist in Boise , Idaho .
" I think there could be some truth in the idea that I 'm working through my history in my marriage . "
Breaking the chain
Despite evidence that suggests some of us are attracted to mates who resemble our parents , it 's not a foregone conclusion , says therapist Barbara Swenson , director of the Couple Center in Sherman Oaks , California .
" If you want very badly to have a different and better relationship than the ones you grew up with , you can accomplish that if you go about it very consciously . "
Swenson offers these pointers :
• Do n't jump in .
" Ideally you should date for a couple of years before engagement -- and not just long distance , " she says .
" You need to be together on those days when your car wo n't start ... to see how you and your partner support each other . "
• Do n't be afraid to disagree .
" Assert yourself and see what your partner does with that , " she says .
" Can they put their needs aside and follow your lead once in a while ?
Make sure your relationship has room for give and take . "
• Talk about life issues .
Some questions to discuss sooner rather than later :
If we have kids , will one of us stay home ?
Who will manage our money ?
" Premarital counseling can get these questions out on the table in a civilized way , and prevent problems down the road , " says Swenson .
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers .
Celeste Perron is a Los Angeles - based freelance journalist who covers health , psychology and lifestyle trends .
All About Relationships • Marriage
Trailer for Fighting .
Small - town boy Shawn MacArthur ( Channing Tatum ) has come to New York City with nothing .
Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets , his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden ( Terrence Howard ) sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting .
When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash , the two form an uneasy partnership .
As Shawn 's manager , Harvey introduces him to the corrupt bare - knuckle circuit , where rich men bet on disposable pawns .
Almost overnight , he becomes a star brawler , taking down professional boxers , mixed martial arts champs and ultimate fighters in a series of staggeringly intense bouts .
But if Shawn ever hopes to escape the dark world in which he 's found himself , he must now face the toughest fight of his life .
A new poll released today by Yale and George Mason Universities finds that Americans overwhelmingly — 92 percent — support action to reduce global warming .
However opinions vary as to how much effort should be put into reducing CO2 emissions and what actions are appropriate .
For example , 92 percent of American supported funding for renewable energy , 85 percent supported tax breaks for people who buy fuel - efficient vehicles or solar panels , and 80 percent supported regulating carbon dioxide as a pollutant .
When an economic cost was involved numbers were still high : nearly 80 percent supported a 45 - mpg standard for new vehicles even if it would push the cost of buying a new car or truck up $ 1,000 dollars and 72 percent of those surveyed supported a law that would require utilities to produce at 20 percent of electricity from renewable resources even if it would tack on an extra $ 100 a year for the consumer .
Support dropped however when Americans were asked about a national cap - and - trade system .
Such a system is currently supported by President Obama and many politicians , although only 53 percent of Americans supported the initiative .
Perhaps more troubling for the politicians , only 11 percent strongly supported cap - and - trade while 23 percent strongly opposed it .
“ If the president and members of Congress want to pass cap - and - trade legislation this year , they would be wise to quickly take steps to educate the American people , ” said Edward Maibach of George Mason University .
However , at the same time 69 percent supported the US signing a treaty which stated it would cut CO2 emissions 90 percent by 2050 .
In addition two out of three Americans supported the United States working to reduce emissions even if other nations refuse to .
Seven percent held the opposite view : that the US should only act when other nations do .
“ When you make a mess , you ’re supposed to clean up after yourself , ” said Anthony Leiserowitz of Yale University .
“ We think many Americans view climate change in a similar way .
The United States should act to reduce it ’s own emissions regardless of what other countries do . ”
The poll appears to be a contrast — though not an outright contradiction — of a recent poll by Gallup which showed that more Americans than ever believe global warming is exaggerated by the media ( 41 percent ) .
If the results of these two polls are combined it appears that even Americans who believe global warming is exaggerated still see the issue as requiring action from the government .
Related articles
More Americans than ever believe global warming is ‘ exaggerated ’ by media
( 03/12/2009 )
While a majority of Americans believe the media is either correct or underestimating the threat of climate change , more than ever believe the threat is exaggerated .
Mass media ‘ screwing up ’ global warming reporting says renowned climatologist
( 02/15/2009 )
Stanford scientist and climate - specialist Stephen Schneider has called out media organizations for the quality of their reporting on climate change and other scientific issues .
“ Business managers of media organizations , ” he said , “ you are screwing up your responsibility by firing science and environment reporters who are frankly the only ones competent to do this . ”
Cap or Tax Carbon Emissions ?
( 02/04/2009 )
Debate is raging about the relative merits of a carbon tax or a cap and trade system as the centerpiece of federal legislation to reduce emissions that fuel global warming .
Here is why cap and trade must be the U.S. policy instrument of choice .
Obama pushes for better mileage standards
( 01/27/2009 )
President Obama has moved to allow states set automobile emission rules , opening the door for more fuel efficient vehicles .
Monday Obama signed a memorandum requiring the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) to reconsider California ’s application to set tighter auto emissions and fuel efficiency standards than required under federal law .
Should the waiver be granted , automakers would be forced to sell more fuel efficient vehicles if they want to do business in the state .
Obama may bring leadership , rather than obstruction , to climate change talks
( 11/06/2008 )
The election of Barack Obama as president of the United States may bring a new era of U.S. leadership on climate .
Advertisements
The non-partisan Center for Responsible Lending put out a shocking statistic today .
Every 13 seconds , another home goes into foreclosure .
Nationwide , there have been over 238,000 foreclosures since January 1 , 2009 .
The numbers are almost mind boggling .
Over a quarter of the states in the U.S. will suffer more than 50,000 foreclosures this year .
Texas , Michigan , Illinois , and Ohio are projected to each have 100,000 foreclosures , which is nothing compared to California and Florida who are expected to have 462,000 , and 423,000 each .
All told 2.4 million homeowners are expected to lose their homes this year .
Of course , the number of people who could lose their homes is much higher than this as these statistics do n’t consider other household members who are residing with the homeowner .
“ The time for addressing home losses one - by - one is long over , ” said Michael Calhoun , president of CRL .
“ As long as we see this rate of foreclosures , economic recovery will remain out of reach .
These counters vividly demonstrate the need for swift and meaningful action to address the foreclosure crisis . ”
Swift and meaningful action has been in short supply ever since this crisis exploded .
Instead we have seen money thrown at Wall St. , while thousands of people lose their homes every day .
How many people could have stayed in their homes for the $ 20 billion in bonuses that banking executives who took TARP funds gave themselves ?
Advertisements
While Congress continues its partisan dispute over what type of stimulus package would work best , I think it would be nice to remind them that over the past 4 days while they have been arguing , somewhere in the ballpark of 4,000 more homes have gone into foreclosure .
These homes are n’t only assets and statistics .
They are people .
They are our friends , and neighbors , parents , siblings , aunts , uncles , and grandparents .
These are n’t people asking for a handout , because they got too greedy .
They are the backbone of our communities , and they are counting on our government to help them when they need it most .
Owning a home used to be the American Dream , but it is quickly becoming a myth of Horatio Alger proportions .
It does n’t have to be this way .
Sometimes doing the right thing should come ahead of ideology and politics .
The governments of Austria , Luxembourg and Switzerland announced Friday that they will relax their rules on banking secrecy and would cooperate with the foreign governments trying to prosecute tax evaders .
The Swiss government said in a statement that would " accept the standards of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) on administrative assistance on tax matters . "
The Swiss government said in the statement that it would only respond to " concrete and justified " requests , and that that it would still protect the country 's banking customers from " unjustified watching from abroad " .
Earlier in the day , Austria 's finance minister Josef Proll had told reporters that the banks in Austria would begin to share more information on a case by case basis if there was " justified suspicion " of tax fraud .
The government of Luxembourg also came out with a similar statement on Friday , saying that information about the country 's banking customers would be shared only after " explicit proof " was provided .
The three governments were under tremendous international pressure to relax their banking secrecy rules to help other nations combat tax evasion .
Their decision to ease banking secrecy laws was prompted by an OECD threat to submit a list of " uncooperative " countries at the G20 summit meeting scheduled for April 2 in London .
If included in the OECD list , the three countries risked being added to a global blacklist of uncooperative tax havens , which would have resulted in their banking clients paying additional withholding taxes and being subjected to more strict auditing and reporting requirements .
Earlier , the governments of Andorra and Liechtenstein had also announced their decision to loosen banking secrecy laws after coming under intense international pressure to do so .
For comments and feedback contact : editorial@rttnews.com
March 6 , 2009 -- Comedian and actor Robin Williams abruptly postponed upcoming performances of his one - man show , " Weapons of Self - Destruction , " announcing on his web site that he needs to undergo surgery for an aortic valve replacement .
The brief announcement said that Williams , who began the 80 - city tour in September 2008 , hopes to pick it up again in the fall .
Williams , 57 , is known not only for comedy but for his role in the TV show Mork and Mindy and the 1997 movie Good Will Hunting .
The aortic valve replacement surgery that Williams needs , termed " routine " by cardiac surgeons , is the same procedure that former first lady Barbara Bush underwent earlier this week .
WebMD contacted two cardiac surgeons -- neither involved in the care of Williams -- to get more information on the valve condition and what can be done .
Beni Raz is not a typical settler - he wants to leave , and has founded a movement to make it easier .
But this has made him a pariah in his community
MANILA - A 10 - year - old girl has been decapitated by a crocodile in a Philippine lake after the creature knocked over her canoe , police say .
The girl and a classmate were on their way on Saturday to their floating school on Agusan del Sur province 's Mihaba Lake when the seven - metre long crocodile bumped the boat , causing it to capsize , said Bunawan town police officer Melchor Danuco on Wednesday .
Rescuers found the girl 's headless body floating on the lake on Tuesday , he said .
Turkey witnesses some of the most passionate demonstrations in support of Gaza
At a weekend meeting in Istanbul , 200 religious scholars and clerics met senior Hamas officials to plot a new jihad centred on Gaza .
The BBC's Bill Law was the only Western journalist at the meeting .
In a hall crowded with conservative Sunni Muslim sheikhs and scholars , in a hotel close to Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport speaker after speaker called for jihad against Israel in support of Hamas .
The choice of Turkey was significant .
Arab hardliners were keen to put aside historic differences with the Turks .
As one organiser put it : " During the past 100 years relations have been strained but Palestine has brought us together . "
Many delegates spoke appreciatively of the protest by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who stormed out of a Davos debate on Gaza two weeks ago .
Gaza gives us power , it solves our differences ...
Palestine is a legitimate theatre of operations for jihad
Mohsen al - Awajy , Saudi religious scholar
The conference , dubbed the Global Anti-Aggression Campaign , also gave impetus to Sunni clerics concerned about the growing power of Hezbollah , the Shia movement backed by Iran , which rose to international prominence in its own war with Israel in 2006 .
" Gaza is a gift , " the Saudi religious scholar Mohsen al - Awajy told me .
He and other delegates repeatedly referred to the Gaza war as " a victory " .
" Gaza , " he continued , " gives us power , it solves our differences .
We are all now in a unified front against Zionism . "
In closed meetings after sessions delegates focussed on the creation of a " third Jihadist front " - the first two being Afghanistan and Iraq .
The intensity of the Israeli attack had " awakened all Muslims , " Mr Awajy claimed .
" Palestine is a legitimate theatre of operations for jihad ( holy war ) , " he added .
Road to liberation Mohammed Nazzal , a senior Hamas leader based in Damascus , challenged Arab governments to " open their borders and allow the fighters to come . "
Delegates from all over the Middle East , and from Somalia , Sudan , Pakistan and Indonesia applauded as he stabbed the air with a raised finger and declared : " There will be no agreement with Israel ... only weapons will bring respect . "
Gaza has opened a gulf between Arab people and their regimes , clerics say Mr Nazzal told his audience : " Do n't worry about casualties . "
The 23 days of bombardment of Gaza , in which some 1,300 people , many of them civilians and nearly 300 of them children , are believed to have died , was " just the beginning " of the struggle , Mr Nazzal said .
To laughter in the audience , another speaker noted that twice as many babies were born as children were killed during the war .
Every death , I was told , was a martyrdom on the road to liberation .
For the hardline sheikhs , it was an opportunity to underline what they see as the growing gulf between Arab regimes who are hesitant to back Hamas and the people of the region who , they say , embrace Hamas as heroes fighting against overwhelming odds .
More importantly , this conference represented something of a coup for Hamas .
They were promised weapons , money and fighters .
The question remains whether such rhetoric can or will be translated into action .
Israel keeps a tight blockade on the Gaza Strip , where Hamas exercises de facto control , and Israel 's other borders are also heavily guarded .
But at the very least this statement of intent from Sunni hardliners poses new challenges , not just to the Israelis and to Western efforts to broker a peace deal but to Arab regimes as well .
Bill Law is a reporter for BBC Radio 4's flagship foreign affairs documentary series , Crossing Continents .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
5 Things You Did n’t Know : Leprechauns
Page 1 of 2
Leprechauns are Irish folklore 's answer to the mythological trickster .
The great Irish poet and writer William Butler Yeats referred to them as " sluttish , slouching , jeering , mischievous phantoms " and " great practical jokers . "
They 're difficult to catch , but the difficulty is n't with the leprechaun himself , but with the catcher :
If you can lock a focused , unbreakable gaze on him , he can't escape , and presumably he 'll lead you to his pot of gold .
The problem thus far has been that no one has an attention span sufficiently long enough to stay fixed on him .
The advent of MTV and the internet suggest that the leprechaun 's alleged stash of the shiny stuff is safe .
In honor of St. Patrick 's Day and all that is proudly Irish , we present 5 things you did n't know about leprechauns .
1- Leprechauns used to wear red
2- Early leprechauns were pagan divinities
The first thing you did n't know about leprechauns is that while everything associated with the Emerald Isle is green , especially on St. Patrick 's Day , the figure of the leprechaun himself — a symbol of Ireland whether Ireland likes it or not — has n't always been dressed in green .
In fact , according to Samuel Lover ( writing in the 1830s ) and the badass Yeats himself ( writing some 50 years later ) , this famous figure of Irish folklore , the leprechaun , wore a red frock coat , not the green one he 's so closely associated with today .
While it 's easy to imagine leprechauns originating in mythology , it 's not so easy seeing these good - natured , magical figures that can turn regular white marshmallows into an array of colorful and curiously shaped marshmallows as decedents of mythological gods .
Yet , according to Joseph Campbell 's famous The Hero with a Thousand Faces , leprechauns are just that .
Campbell calls leprechauns " reductions of the earlier pagan divinities " known as Tuatha De Danaan , a race of gods and part of the Celtic mythological cycle of Medieval Ireland .
3- Leprechauns are derogatory symbols in Ireland
Another thing you did n't know about leprechauns is that while they may be popular in other parts of the world , they are anything but popular in Ireland .
The term “ leprechaun ” and what he represents , when applied as an adjective , almost always comes in a depreciatory sense — whether discussing politics , language or exported Irish culture .
The 1959 Disney film Darby O'Gill & the Little People may be partly to blame .
According to the History Channel , this innocuous flick about an Irish storyteller and a leprechaun king virtually reinvented the leprechaun , divorcing him from his Celtic roots , infusing him with the American mirth and good - time trickery intimately associated with the figure we know today and forever shackling him to St. Patrick 's Day .
This is an oddity since , prior to the film , the leprechaun had had nothing to do with the religious feast of St. Patrick , the patron saint of Ireland .
We have two more things you did n’t know about leprechauns after the jump …
GAZA  The Samouni family knew they were in danger .
They had been calling the Red Cross for two days , they said , begging to be taken out of Zeitoun , a poor area in eastern Gaza City that is considered a stronghold of Hamas .
No rescuers came .
Instead , Israeli soldiers entered their building late Sunday night and told them to evacuate to another building .
They did .
But at 6 a.m. on Monday , when a missile fired by an Israeli warplane struck the relatives ’ house in which they had taken shelter , there was nowhere to run .
Eleven members of the extended Samouni family were killed and 26 wounded , according to witnesses and hospital officials , with five children age 4 and under among the dead .
Hundreds of members of the clan flooded in to Shifa Hospital , all from Zeitoun , many in shock .
Masouda al - Samouni , 20 , lost her mother - in - law , her husband and her 10 - month - old son .
She said she had been preparing food for the baby when the missile struck .
“ He died hungry , ” she said .
JPMorgan Chase To Spend Millions on New Jets and Luxury Airport Hangar Outraged critics decry the proposal , call for bank to abandon plans .
March 23 , 2009  -- Embattled bank JPMorgan Chase , the recipient of $ 25 billion in TARP funds , is going ahead with a $ 138 million plan to buy two new luxury corporate jets and build " the premier corporate aircraft hangar on the eastern seaboard " to house them , ABC News has learned .
The financial giant 's upgrade includes nearly $ 120 million for two Gulfstream 650 planes and $ 18 million for a lavish renovation of a hangar at the Westchester Airport outside New York City .
A public hearing will be held by Westchester County officials tonight regarding JPMorgan 's request for new hangar space .
According to JPMorgan
Chase architects , the new hangar will be built with reclaimed wood , quarry tile and even a " vegetated roof garden . "
The Gulfstream 650's are described by the manufacturer as the " fastest , " " widest " and " most comfortable " private jet ever with superior cabin amenities , an optional stateroom , and 12 interior designs to choose from .
" It 's a remarkably boneheaded decision , " said corporate watchdog Nell Minow , the editor and founder of The Corporate Library , a group that provides independent corporate governance research and analysis .
" It 's completely tone deaf . "
Mike Dolphin , president of fixed - based operator Avitat Westchester , is fighting the bank 's grand plans – because he says JPMorgan 's proposed expansion would force his company out of the hangar the bank is eyeing .
Westchester County , NY has recommended that the bank – a " high quality corporate citizen " – be awarded the lease to the hangar when it becomes available in April 2010 , in part , because of how much money it is dedicating for the " construction of a state of the art " green building . " "
" I am the little guy , so we have a bit of a David versus Goliath fight on our hands , " Dolphin told ABC News .
He said JPMorgan Chase 's plans come at the " wrong place , wrong time " and that despite scaled back private aviation from other TARP - funded companies , JPMorgan Chase is going ahead with its plans , which , if finalized by the county , will cut his business and his staff in half .
" You would n't find another hangar in the airport that has anything near this , " Dolphin said of the bank 's proposal .
JPMorgan Says No TARP Money Will Be Used
Joseph Evangelisti , a spokesman for JPMorgan Chase , said no TARP money would be used to make any payments for new jets or jet hangar improvements .
He refused to comment on whether JPMorgan had put a down payment for new planes , saying only that any future jet purchases would be part of its normal aircraft replacement policy , and that JPMorgan Chase will repay all TARP money before it makes any payments for new planes or renovations .
The spokesman also said the bank would have nine years to make its $ 18 million in renovations , but the county told ABC News that JPMorgan Chase 's plans indicate that renovations would be complete within six months of assuming the lease .
JPMorgan Chase currently has four jets at Westchester Airport , two of which would be replaced by the 650's when they arrive in 2013 , Dolphin said .
Corporate Perks Take a Hit
TARP - funded corporations have been harshly criticized recently for continued use of luxury perks and corporate waste .
President Obama has voiced his outrage , introducing regulations on executive compensation and on the disclosure of money spent on such perks .
After pressure from his administration , Citigroup abandoned plans for a new $ 50 million corporate jet from France .
And in February , Obama said the days of bank executives flying corporate jets " were over . "
But on March 11 , the chairman of JPMorgan Chase , Jamie Dimon , said he could not understand why corporate America has such a bad image .
" When I hear the constant vilification of corporate America I personally do n't understand it , " Dimon said .
Dimon , whose 2008 compensation package , according to SEC documents , was worth more than $ 19 million in salary , stock and options , declined to speak with ABC News about the proposed plans .
" There are going to be business school case studies for generations about exactly these decisions , and people will be learning forever about what incredible stupidity these executives showed , " said Minow .
Avitat Fights Back
Dolphin said his company approached the county in 2007 to renew the lease for a 30 - year term .
But , he said , the county uncharacteristically decided to look elsewhere for another tenant and put out a Request for Proposals .
Avitat Westchester has filed a federal lawsuit against the county , saying its decision goes against past practices and violates their First and Fourteenth Amendment rights .
Dolphin believes the county is retaliating against them after previous disagreements between the company and the county .
Westchester County Officials tell ABC
News they 're in favor of going forward with the JPMorgan proposal because it " is the best deal for county taxpayers and the best deal for the environment . "
They say that if the Board of Legislators approves the new lease , the county " will be happy to discuss with any company that may be displaced from the current hangar other alternatives for them . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
For the best guaranteed price for Lastoftheindependents.com inquire here
Linux is an excellent operating system for use by artists because ( 1 ) there are many high quality ( and continuously improving ) art programs available , ( 2 ) most of these programs , as well as Linux itself , can be downloaded for free ( which is good news for the many artists who operate on limited budgets ) and ( 3 ) most of these programs , including Linux itself , are highly configurable ( which is important to artists because they tend to be creative people who crave the ability to modify and improve their software and other tools ) .
Below are brief descriptions ( including approximate download size and license type ) of some of the best art programs for Linux .
Most are free software , which is software for which the source code is freely available and for which there are very minimal restrictions on its use and redistribution .
The GNU General Public License ( GPL ) is the most common license for free software .
Freeware is software which individuals are permitted to download and use at no cost , but whose source code is generally not available and for which there are usually restrictions on modifying and redistributing .
Aero - a simulation program based on rigid body systems .
The built - in 3D ( three dimensional ) editor makes it easy to create virtual scenes consisting of spheres , cuboids ( boxes ) , cylinders and plains .
These objects can be connected with links such as springs , dampers , rods and joints .
The simulation can be started and all objects obey the laws of physics , including gravitation , air resistance , friction and all additional user defined forces .
This sequence can be watched similar to viewing a video tape .
In addition , AERO can use these sequences to create fully rendered animation sequences for the ray tracing program POV - Ray ( see below ) as well as MPEG videos .
Unfortunately , Aero has apparently not been updated since 1996 .
496K . Freeware .
Artstream - a full - featured illustration suite that allows the creation the subtle detail and shading while being fully object - based .
The benefits of object - based design include true media - independence with unlimited resolution , along with compactness , reusability and precision .
Commercial software .
Blender - a complete and integrated suite for three dimensional modeling , animation , rendering and post - production .
The main disadvantage of this highly rated program is that that it can take some effort for new users to become accustomed to its unique user interface .
Approximately 7MB .
Free software ( GPL ) .
Cinelerra - a non-linear video editor and an advanced content creation system that captures , combines and edits video and audio with sample level accuracy .
According to its developer , it provides a seamless integration of audio , video and still photos rarely experienced on a web server .
30.2MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Corel Photo - Paint 9 - a full - featured photo- editing suite for Linux that is virtually identical to the company 's version for Microsoft Windows .
The Linux version was released by Corel in 2000 as a free download .
Corel is no longer offering it , but fortunately many Linux users acquired it when it was still available .
Unfortunately , some users have reported difficulties in installing it on newer versions of Linux .
Another disadvantage is that it relies on WINE ( software that allows some Microsoft Windows programs to operate on Linux ) for much of its functionality ( thus resulting in many Windows - related problems such as crashes and GUI oddities ) .
Also , the download is large at more than 90MB , in contrast to less than 15 MB for the GIMP ( see below ) .
Freeware .
Dia - a technical diagram creation program similar to Microsoft 's Visio .
It can be used to draw many types of diagrams and has special objects to help draw entity relationship diagrams , UML ( unified modeling language ) diagrams , flowcharts , network diagrams and simple circuits .
Dia can load and save diagrams to a custom XML ( extensible markup language ) format , export diagrams to EPS ( encapsulated PostScript ) or SVG ( scalable vector graphics ) formats and can print diagrams ( including those that span multiple pages ) .
5 MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Draw - the graphics program in the increasingly popular OpenOffice suite of office applications .
Among the tasks that Draw can perform are manipulating objects ( e.g. , rotating in three dimensions ) , arranging objects ( e.g. , grouping , ungrouping , regrouping , and editing objects while grouped ) , sophisticated rendering ( e.g. , creating photorealistic images with the desired textures , lighting effects , transparency and perspective ) and using smart connectors ( to simplify the creation of flowcharts , organization charts and network diagrams ) .
Free Software ( GPL ) .
EDASCII - EDASCII is an editor for ASCII character drawings .
41 k . Freeware .
flow - used to interactively construct sophisticated particle systems and render the results either in real - time via OpenGL ( an advanced graphics specification ) or off - line by a RenderMan ( a computer graphics rendering technology invented by Pixar Animation Studios ) compliant renderer .
It can also render a particle system to code .
Using a project template , flow fills in the required code to automatically produce demos or screen savers .
Although it does have limited polygonal object import capability , it is not intended to be a typical modeling and animation package .
Unfortunately , the most recent version was 0.53 , which was released in May 2001 .
Free software ( Q Public License ) .
FontForge - an outline font editor that can be used to create PostScript , TrueType , OpenType , CID - keyed , Multi-Master , CFF , SVG and bitmap ( bdf , FON , NFNT ) fonts or edit existing ones .
It can also convert one format to another .
Free Software ( BSD - style license ) .
The GIMP ( GNU Image Manipulation Program ) - an advanced , highly versatile image manipulation program that is similar to ( and for many applications nearly as good as ) Adobe 's pricey Photoshop .
Begun in 1995 , the GIMP is possibly the first major free software end - user application and one of the most successful .
The GIMP is included with most major distributions ( i.e. , versions ) of Linux .
13.8 MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
gSculpt - a 3D modeling application for drawing polylines , for using translational sweep ( extrude ) and rotational sweep ( lathe / spin ) to construct meshes from polylines and for transforming / deforming polylines and models .
It also offers a scene editor , multiple path extrusion and import / export filters for common 3D data formats .
514KB .
Free software ( GPL ) .
gsumi - pressure - sensitive ink drawing program that allows drawing in black ( pen ) or white ( eraser ) on a high resolution bitmap which is filtered down to screen resolution .
XInput devices can be used ( with pressure support ) , and different tools and tool properties can be assigned to each device .
Free software .
Approximately 100KB .
ImageMagick - an image display and manipulation suite of programs that supports more than 90 major image formats .
It can be used to resize , rotate and sharpen images as well as create a montage of image thumbnails , create transparent images for web use , turn a group of images into a GIF animation sequence , create a composite image by combining several separate images , draw shapes or text on an image , decorate an image with a border or frame and describe the format and characteristics of an image .
ImageMagick can also create images dynamically , thus making it suitable for advanced web applications .
Image processing operations are also available from the command line ( i.e. , all - text mode ) as well as through C , C++ , Perl and Java programming interfaces .
Approximately 5.0MB .
Free software ( GPL - compatible ) .
Inkscape - an SVG editor for vector drawing logos , posters , scalable icons , etc. and having capabilities similar to Adobe Illustrator , CorelDraw and Visio .
Among the supported SVG features are basic shapes , paths , text , alpha blending , transforms , gradients , node editing , svg - to - png export and grouping .
Inkscape was begun in 2003 by four Sodipod ( see below ) developers with the goal of providing a free software SVG drawing tool that is fully compliant with XML , SVG and CSS2 ( cascading style sheets version 2 ) .
4MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
KFourier - an image processing program that employs the Fourier transform ( a type of mathematical function ) to use multiple filters on images .
152KB . Free Software ( GPL ) .
Krita - a painting and image editing application in the KOffice suite of office applications for the KDE desktop .
Krita contains both ease - of - use and fun features such as guided painting and high - end features like support for 16 bit images , CMYK , L*a*b and even OpenEXR HDR images .
Although development was begun in 1999 , Krita was not ready for use until 2005 .
Free Software ( GPL ) .
KToon - a 2D animation toolkit and IDE ( integrated development environment ) for developing multimedia projects based on open standards such as SMIL ( synchronized multimedia integration language ) , KToonScript and the persistence format KTN .
Free software ( GPL ) .
KVEC - a a command line tool for converting raster ( i.e. , bitmap ) graphics to vector graphics .
Shareware ( 30 day free trial ) .
libAfterImage - a generic image manipulation library that has some features seen in higher - end graphics programs ( such as Adobe 's products ) , including powerful text rendering capabilities , in - memory RLE ( run length encoding ) image compression , high - quality image scaling , flipping and blending and multi- point linear gradients .
Free software ( LGPL ) .
mg^2 - a general 3D modeler that is designed to look and work in a manner similar to Caligari's Truespace ( a proprietary animation program ) .
It can open 3D Studio ASCII , DXF ASCII and MD2 files , and it can model , light and render scenes in POV - Ray ( see below ) .
283KB .
Free software ( GPL ) .
Moonlight |3D - striving to become a free , modern , flexible , feature - rich and extensible modeling and animation tool .
Version 0.1.1 was released in early 2006 , which , although a considerable improvement over the previous version , is still basically a technology preview .
The most noticeable new feature is support for rendering images using yafray .
6.0 MB . Free software .
Photogenics - a photo editing and graphics creation program .
Everything , including colors , transparency and positions , can be modified and erased as easily as ( or usually more easily than ) it was drawn and thus tweaked to perfection .
Commercial software .
POV - Ray ( Persistence of Vision Raytracer ) - a high - quality tool for creating highly realistic three - dimensional images that is based on David Buck 's original raytracer , DKB - Trace .
6.8 MB. Freeware .
QCad - a simple 2D CAD ( computer aided drafting ) program for the creation of technical drawings such as plans for buildings , interiors and mechanical parts .
No previous CAD experience is necessary .
12MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
ShowImg - a feature - rich image viewer that can display numerous formats , including JPEG , PNG , GIF and MNG ( multiple - image network graphics ) .
It consists of a tree view frame , a directory / preview frame and a view frame .
The larger view frame can be exchanged with the smaller directory / preview frame .
ShowImg can preview and display images from multiple directories and search for identical images .
Also featured are a full - screen mode , zooming , sorting , drag - and - drop and support for images in compressed archives .
4MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
SIS ( Single Image Stereogram ) - creates 3D pictures from a depth-map .
Free software ( GPL ) .
Skencil - an interactive vector drawing for illustrations , diagrams and other purposes .
A somewhat unique ( for a drawing program ) feature is that it is implemented almost completely in Python , which is a very high - level , interpreted language that is object oriented and powerful , yet easy to use .
1.1MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Sodipodi - a general vector - drawing program that uses the increasingly popular SVG data format and which can accommodate multiple files and views , printing , bitmap exports , etc .
The relatively modern display engine provides finely antialiased displays , alpha transparencies , vector fonts , etc. 1.3MB . Free Software ( GPL ) .
Synfig - a powerful , vector - based , 2D animation software package , designed from the ground up for producing feature - film quality animation with fewer people and resources by eliminating manual tweening ( i.e. , hand drawing each frame individually ) while improving product quality .
Still considered primarily in the development stage and targeted at developers rather than end users .
Free software ( GPL ) .
Tux Paint - a drawing program designed for young children ( ages three and up ) .
It has a simple , easy - to - use interface , fun sound effects and a cartoon mascot who helps guide children as they use the program .
Available in more than 40 languages .
2.86MB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Wet Dream - provides simulation of watercolor painting .
Operates as a GIMP plug - in .
Now usable , but still lacks some intended functionality .
9.4KB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Xara Xtreme - a powerful , general purpose graphics program that also features ease of use , including extensive documentation .
Formerly known as Xara LX , it is based on Xara Xtreme for Windows , which is claimed to be the fastest graphics program available .
The Xara Xtreme source code was made open source in early 2006 .
19 MB . Free software .
Xfig - an interactive tool for drawing objects such as circles , boxes , lines , spline curves and text .
It can also import and modify images in several formats such as GIF , JPEG and EPSF ( PostScript ) .
35 fonts are available for text .
5 MB . Freeware .
XMRM - a morphing program for multi-resolution images .
It extends conventional image morphing algorithms by offering additional control over the processing of the individual multi-resolutions that are used in the wavelet representation when moving from the source to the destination image .
This allows the animator to introduce a disparity between the morphing of global and detail features that can lead to interesting new effects that are not achievable with traditional methods .
Unfortunately , it was last updated in 1997 .
99KB . Free software ( GPL ) .
Created October 16 , 2004 .
Last updated September 22 , 2006 .
Copyright © 2004 - 2006 The Linux Information Project .
All Rights Reserved .
We know that lifespan can be extended in animals by restricting calories such as sugar intake .
Now , according to a study published in the journal PLoS Genetics , Université de Montréal scientists have discovered that it ’s not sugar itself that is important in this process but the ability of cells to sense its presence .
Aging is a complex phenomenon and the mechanisms underlying aging are yet to be explained .
What researchers do know is that there is a clear relationship between aging and calorie intake .
For example , mice fed with half the calories they usually eat can live 40 percent longer .
How does this work ?
As part of the PLoS Genetics study , Université de Montréal Biochemistry Professor Luis Rokeach and his student Antoine Roux discovered to their surprise that if they removed the gene for a glucose sensor from yeast cells , they lived just as long as those living on a glucose - restricted diet .
In short , the fate of these cells does n’t depend on what they eat but what they think they ’re eating .
There are two obvious aspects of calorie intake : tasting and digestion .
By the time nutrients get to our cells there is an analogous process : sensors on the surface of the cell detect the presence of , for example , the sugar glucose and molecules inside the cell break down the glucose , converting it to energy .
Of these processes , it is widely thought that the by - products of broken down sugars are the culprits in aging .
The study by Rokeach and Roux suggests otherwise .
To understand aging , Rokeach and Roux in collaboration with Université de Montréal Biochemistry Professors Pascal Chartrand and Gerardo Ferbeyre used yeast as a model organism .
At a basic level , yeast cells are surprisingly similar and age much like human cells , as well as being easy to study .
The research team found that the lifespan of yeast cells increased when glucose was decreased from their diet .
They then asked whether the increase in lifespan was due to cells decreasing their ability to produce energy or to the decrease in signal to the cells by the glucose sensor .
The scientists found that cells unable to consume glucose as energy source are still sensitive to the pro-aging effects of glucose .
Conversely , obliterating the sensor that measures the levels of glucose significantly increased lifespan .
“ Thanks to this study , the link between the rise in age - related diseases and the over - consumption of sugar in today ’s diet is clearer .
Our research opens a door to new therapeutic strategies for fighting age - related diseases , ” says Professor Rokeach .
University of Montreal
It is a space dedicated to promoting an alternative independent and homegrown Arab democracy in the absence of a genuine critical debate on social , political and economical isues in the mainstream media .
Our perspective is a secularist and socially liberal one .
But democracy is a culture to be harnessed through challenging debates with those we disagree with .
You can play your part by commenting on our posts and promoting the site .
We also welcome articles and other relevant contributions on the Middle East .
Jacqui Smith is now suffering from the triple whammy - sympathy , ridicule and outrage - which every politician fears .
The irony is that only last week she told friends that she expected to be cleared in the inquiry into the expense claims for her second home .
The home secretary has been poring over her home , constituency and office diary to plot where she had spent each night in the past year .
She is confident that she has the proof that she 's spent more nights in London than in her constituency and thus , under the Commons rules , could designate her family home as her " second home " and the flat she shares with her sister as her " main home " .
This , of course , allowed her to claim thousands of pounds from the ACA ( Additional Costs Allowance ) including that TV package with the " additional features " .
Thus , she has gone from confidence that she would be cleared to what I imagine must be despair in the past day or two .
She is not , after all , just a minister or an MP but the mother of two school age boys who may now come to hate the day their mum went into politics .
I 've been arguing for weeks that it is the system of Commons expenses and the culture which surrounds it which has caused all the problems .
Allowances are treated as just that - allowances not expenses - which compensate MPs for the fact that governments of all colours routinely ignore independent recommendations to increase MPs ' pay .
Commons officials have , until recently , encouraged MPs to claim the maximum and treated those that do n't as if they 're fools .
The Speaker and the all - party committee which advises him vainly fought freedom of information requests at huge public expense without using the time that fight allowed them to clear up the system once and for all .
Nevertheless , someone always becomes the symbol of systems that have gone horribly wrong .
It is unfortunate for Jacqui Smith that she is that someone .
To many MPs , she 's a likeable working mum who did n't expect to be elected in ' 97 ; whose husband agreed to sacrifice his career to make hers possible ; who works such long hours that she spends more days away from her family than with it and who knows that she 's on course to lose her very marginal seat and thus , her job , income and allowances , at the next election .
To many voters she 's a minister " on the take " who is not satisfied with a fat salary , a chauffeur and two homes but also claims more by employing her husband , calling her family home her second home and submitting bills for porn films .
The gap between the elected and those who elect them has rarely been wider .
It is in all our interests that that gap is closed .
" A light bulb went on in my mind when I made the connection and realised that in my time in Wales I had observed hundreds of swan feathers on the ground , which were literally all blank canvasses . "
Big Love , which spurred a lot of pre-emptive worry in the Mormon church before it premiered , is now being criticized for a scene in Sunday ’s episode that depicts a certain sacred church ritual , apparently for the first time on TV .
HBO , in response , has issued one of those I ’m - sorry - if - you - feel - that - way apologies but will air the episode as is .
The subject of the flap is the re-creation of an endowment ceremony , a ritual affirmation of faith which is allowed only to be witnessed by church members in good standing .
Why this differs from numerous other pop culture depictions of sacred ceremonies — say , the famous baptism scene in The Godfather — appears to depend on the church tradition of keeping the ceremony closed to outsiders .
( The producers say they relied on extensive research , including the accounts of an ex-Mormon , to re-create the ceremony . )
But as the Salt Lake Tribune notes , some church members disagree among themselves on how secret the ceremony should be .
All this circles back to the eternal question : how obligated are outsiders to follow the traditions of a religion they do n’t belong to ?
Religious traditions about representation are often strict and absolute — that , in part , is the point of them .
Like dietary laws or other religious - cultural traditions , they serve to keep the group cohesive by drawing bright lines between it and outsiders .
The question is — as with the controversy over cartoons of Mohammed , which broke Islamic rules against depicting the Prophet — why and when people outside the religion should be expected to stay within those bright lines .
Now , as a wholly secular person — and a Big Love fan — I may be too biased on this for my opinion to even matter .
To me , the issue is execution .
I think artists should be able to depict Mohammed ; but to do it only to provoke people and prove you can , with no greater point , is still obnoxious .
Likewise , if Big Love portrays the ceremony in such a way that it thoughtfully serves its characters ’ stories — which , as a fan of the show , I ’d expect it to do — then I ’d say it ’s justified .
But I would n’t expect LDS church members to agree with me .
But that ’s the problem when art meets religion : agreeing to disagree has its limits when you ’re dealing with absolutes of faith .
So far the official church , while disapproving the episode , has pointedly not called for boycotts or other action , mirroring the mostly low - key approach it took to the debut of Big Love .
Back then , a major concern in the church was that the series would make today ’s LDS Mormons look like polygamists and erase the distinctions between mainstream Mormonism and the fundamentalists .
But the series — in which the intense rifts between those groups is a major and constant issue — has done anything but that .
Now , I ’m sure the LDS church would not like how some of its members — like starchy hypocrite Ted — are portrayed , but it ’s not as if Roman Grant and company are a picnic , either .
And in any case , I ’d argue you ’d have a hard time watching the show regularly and not realizing that the LDS church and the compound fundies are far , far different entities .
The fact is , if dealing with religion in art or entertainment required treating it only in ways that most members of that religion would approve of , it would be hard to treat religion substantively at all .
Who ’s to draw the line between respect and offensiveness ?
Who ’s to say they ca n’t exist in the same work ?
Maybe the best example of that was the South Park episode on Mormonism , which treated the religion searingly — mostly , by literally dramatizing its actual founding story .
And yet — after Stan rejects a new Mormon kid in town because he finds his religion ridiculous — it ends by giving the kid what is , by South Park standards , a powerful and even moving last word on tolerance :
Maybe Joseph Smith did make it all up .
But I have a great life .
And a great family .
And I have the Book of Mormon to thank for that .
The truth is , I do n’t care if Joseph Smith made it all up .
Because what the church teaches now is loving your family , being nice and helping people .
And even though people in this town might think that ’s stupid , I still choose to believe in it .
All I ever did was try to be your friend , Stan , but you ’re so high and mighty you could n’t look past my religion and just be my friend back .
You ’ve got a lot of growing up to do , buddy .
Suck my balls .
I ’m guessing the Big Love episode will have a different tone , but still .
I ’ll be curious to see what the church has to say about the episode after it airs , if any of its representatives end up watching .
Four exhausted children have been discovered cowering in a house next to the bodies of their mothers by staff of the International Committee of the Red Cross , which today accused the Israeli military of " unacceptable " delays in allowing medics safe access to injured Gazans .
The Red Cross workers found the small children , who were so weak they could not stand , sheltering next to the bodies of their mothers in a house in Zeitoun , southeast of Gaza City .
Another man was found alive , but again too weak to stand .
At least 12 bodies were lying on mattresses .
In another house nearby they found 15 survivors , several of whom were wounded .
There were three more bodies in a third house .
On Wednesday , a Palestinian volunteer with the Red Crescent who was in the same convoy described seeing dozens of dead bodies .
Among those killed when the houses were shelled on Monday were three small boys , all from the Samouni family .
The Red Cross said Israeli soldiers were posted just 80 metres away and had several positions nearby , including two tanks .
It was a " shocking incident , " said Pierre Wettach , head of the Red Cross delegation for Israel and the Palestinian territories .
" The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded .
Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestine Red Crescent to assist the wounded , " he said .
The Red Cross had been asking the Israeli military to allow them access to Zeitoun since Israel 's ground invasion began on Saturday , but only a three - hour lull in the fighting on Wednesday allowed them to make the dangerous journey .
The Red Cross said Israel had breached international humanitarian law by not allowing access to the wounded and said it " considers the delay in allowing rescue services access unacceptable " .
The mounting criticism of Israel 's operation comes as the UN , which gives food and aid to around 750,000 Gazans , announced it was suspending all its aid work in the Gaza strip after its staff and compounds came under attack by the Israeli military .
Two drivers in a clearly marked UN convoy were killed today by an Israeli tank shell .
The Israeli military has attacked two UN schools , killing more than 46 Palestinians who were sheltering inside .
Another 35 bodies were pulled from the rubble in several areas across Gaza City today during a three - hour lull in the fighting .
The Palestinian death toll after nearly two weeks of Israeli bombing , shelling and ground combat now stands at close to 750 , with around 3,000 injured , and the figure is rising rapidly as more buried bodies are uncovered .
John Ging , UNRWA 's director of operations in Gaza , said that the decision to suspend activities was " really heartbreaking .
This is a very , very difficult decision for us to make as the population here is in a dreadful state and really needs our help . "
Ging said the accumulation of incidents meant that the UN had " lost confidence in the mechanism that 's there .
We are perfectly prepared to take the reasonable risks in this conflict zone but something has to change .
The verbal assurances have run out in terms of credibility . "
One Israeli soldier was killed today , bringing the death toll on the Israeli side to 11 , three of whom were civilians .
As the conflict deepens , striking evidence from Red Cross medics and from Palestinian witnesses has revealed that one of the worst incidents of civilian killings during Israel 's offensive happened when several homes in Zeitoun , southeast of Gaza City , were shelled by Israeli tanks , leaving dozens dead .
The area had been surrounded by large earth walls dug by Israeli troops , making it impossible to bring in ambulances .
Medics yesterday took out 18 wounded and 12 others who were exhausted on the back of a donkey cart .
More wounded were believed to be still sheltering in houses nearby .
Under international humanitarian law both the Israeli military and Palestinian armed groups must do everything possible to search for , collect and evacuate the wounded , the Red Cross said .
Attacks on medical staff , hospitals and vehicles were prohibited .
However , more than 20 medical staff have already been killed in Gaza by the Israeli military .
In a written response the Israeli military did not address the detailed criticisms but said Hamas , the Islamist movement that controls Gaza , " deliberately used Palestinian civilians as human shields . "
It said it would investigate any serious allegations about the military 's conduct .
Israeli air strikes destroyed several houses in the town of Rafah , on Gaza 's southern border , after leaflets were dropped warning residents to leave the area which said : " Hamas uses your houses to hide and smuggle military weapons . "
Around 5,000 Palestinians fled their homes and took refuge in two UN schools that had been set up as shelters .
As the fighting continued today , there seemed little willingness on the Israeli side to halt the massive military operation .
The Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , travelled to the military 's Gaza division headquarters and said there was still more fighting to come .
He said the " bottom line " was for " quiet " to prevail in southern Israel .
" To this we have not yet arrived and the IDF has not yet been asked to carry out everything necessary in order to do so ; the decision is still before us , " he said .
For the first time in the conflict , the violence stretched to northern Israel , where four rockets were fired from southern Lebanon into the town of Nahariya , injuring two people at a nursing home .
A small Palestinian faction was believed to be behind the attack , but it did not appear to herald a regional escalation of the conflict .
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer gave a speech at the U.S. House of Representatives Democratic Caucus Retreat yesterday .
Basically , he echoed the view that the problem with the economy is that it grew for 25 years on unrealistically cheap debt and that is over .
For Microsoft , that means fewer PC sales .
For the rest of us , it means " a fundamental economic reset . "
Here 's the best bit :
For the past 25 years , the world has certainly enjoyed incredible , incredible global growth .
Average incomes around the world grew at unprecedented rates , millions of people moved from out of poverty into the middle class for the very first time .
I think that expansion was built on three things : innovation , globalization , and debt , increasing debt .
American technology was certainly at the heart of the innovation that played the central role in the process .
The PC , the Internet , fiber optics :
Those things were things that continue to keep America at the forefront of technology , and really at the lead of a growing global economy .
But over time , over the last period of time , the balance has really shifted .
Instead of innovation and productivity driving growth , it ’s really been unsustainable levels , particularly of private debt , that have been a key driver of economic growth .
The hard truth is this , in my opinion :
The private sector of our economy has borrowed too much money , businesses and consumers alike , fueled by the a lot of different things , some notion that housing prices would go up forever , that you could borrow money cheaply .
I gave a speech at Stanford Business School a few years back , and I was talking , we ’re a company that has been conservative , per the yellow pieces of paper .
We like to keep cash .
And a very smart Ph.D. in the audience puts his hand up and said , “ Why do n’t you borrow money ? ” I said , “ I do n’t like to borrow money . ”
He said , “ But it ’s so cheap ; you ’re depriving your shareholders . ”
I think it reminds us that essentially consumers and businesses alike have really borrowed too much money .
The bubble has burst .
We can no longer rely on consumption by refinancing our homes or inexpensive money to fuel economic growth , and that ’s certainly had a huge impact .
At our own place , what we think about PC sales , they are discretionary in most home budgets , the second , the third PC .
Consumer electronics has that characteristic .
Fifty percent of capital spending in this country is on information technology .
Less capital , less spend on information technology .
No sector will be immune .
And here 's the whole thing :
U.S. House of Representatives Democratic Caucus Retreat
Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer
Williamsburg , Virginia , February 6 , 2009
STEVE BALLMER : Well , I want to thank Jay , I want to thank the speaker and all of you for the opportunity to be here today and chat with you .
It 's a real honor to have a chance to share some thoughts on the economy and on innovation , and hopefully spur some thoughts on how we all participate in restarting long term economic growth .
As Jay was telling my story , so to speak , I thought I 'd put in one parenthetic that might be of interest .
When I got to Microsoft and we were this tiny little company , we did n't have the budget to put people up in hotels , so I lived with Bill .
And every time I sat down , in every corner , nook and cranny of couches , tables , I 'd find these little yellow pieces of paper with Bill 's writing that had a bunch of people 's names and companies ' names and numbers .
So , finally -- I think of myself as pretty good pattern matching .
Actually I was sitting next to Congressman Frank , and we were both trying to see which of the six states that are going to be still bigger than North Carolina by 2015 .
So , we 're going through the pattern matching game , and I just could n't figure out what these numbers were .
So , finally I said to Bill , what is this ?
He says , Steve , I 'm really always worried about whether we 're going to have enough cash to pay people .
So , every night I write down everybody who works for us and how much we pay them , and every contract we have and how much it 's worth .
I 've got to count the pennies tightly and that 's why you 're here now .
In this economic climate , whether you 're talking about businesses or consumers , everybody I think is having the little yellow sheets of paper out , and counting pennies pretty tightly .
I 'm going to make one thing clear up - front : I 'm not going to claim to be an economist .
On the other hand , I think it 's sort of the responsibility of every businessperson to really form a model of what 's going on in the economy , if you 're going to provide proper stewardship to your business ; big company , small company , it 's important to have a model of what 's going on , and certainly have been thinking a lot about the economy in the context of how we think about and plan for the future of Microsoft .
For the past 25 years , the world has certainly enjoyed incredible , incredible global growth .
Average incomes around the world grew at unprecedented rates , millions of people moved from out of poverty into the middle class for the very first time .
I think that expansion was built on three things : innovation , globalization , and debt , increasing debt .
American technology was certainly at the heart of the innovation that played the central role in the process .
The PC , the Internet , fiber optics :
Those things were things that continue to keep America at the forefront of technology , and really at the lead of a growing global economy .
But over time , over the last period of time , the balance has really shifted .
Instead of innovation and productivity driving growth , it 's really been unsustainable levels , particularly of private debt , that have been a key driver of economic growth .
The hard truth is this , in my opinion :
The private sector of our economy has borrowed too much money , businesses and consumers alike , fueled by the a lot of different things , some notion that housing prices would go up forever , that you could borrow money cheaply .
I gave a speech at Stanford Business School a few years back , and I was talking , we 're a company that has been conservative , per the yellow pieces of paper .
We like to keep cash .
And a very smart Ph.D. in the audience puts his hand up and said , ‘ Why do n't you borrow money ? ’
I said , ‘ I do n't like to borrow money . ’
He said , ‘ But it 's so cheap ; you 're depriving your shareholders . ’
I think it reminds us that essentially consumers and businesses alike have really borrowed too much money .
The bubble has burst .
We can no longer rely on consumption by refinancing our homes or inexpensive money to fuel economic growth , and that 's certainly had a huge impact .
At our own place , what we think about PC sales , they are discretionary in most home budgets , the second , the third PC .
Consumer electronics has that characteristic .
Fifty percent of capital spending in this country is on information technology .
Less capital , less spend on information technology .
No sector will be immune .
There 's a natural tendency to want to blame somebody for the economic crisis .
In reality , I think you have to say we 've all contributed to a culture of spending and private debt .
And I distinguish private debt and government debt , because I think you have to be much more -- the private sector has less ability to be thoughtful , and the government sector needs to be quite thoughtful .
But there certainly has been too much use of debt .
At Microsoft , we 've studied these developments .
We believe this is a once - in - a - lifetime economic event , but it 's not unique frankly in U.S. history .
The current situation looks a lot like several -- not one but several previous cycles of long - term private sector debt .
In 1929 , for example , just before the stock market crash , the private debt - to - GDP ratio was 160 percent .
Last year , private sector debt as a percentage of the GDP : 300 percent ; far more leverage .
And you can see it 's been a steady increase basically since almost the end of World War II .
In my view , what we now have will be a fundamental economic reset .
The economy is going to have to re-establish itself at a level of spending that reflects the real value of underlying assets before we can all start growing again at a healthy rate .
This may not be the thing that people really want to hear , but it 's certainly what we 're planning on , and it 's the truth on which we 're basing sort of our model , if you will , at Microsoft .
In our opinion , in order to reach the reset point , three things need to happen .
First , the economy must be deleveraged .
Private debt as a percentage of GDP has to be reduced .
Restoring health to the nation 's financial system is a fundamental part of this .
Just for historical note , not only during the Depression , but actually in 1837 and in 1873 we had similar style resets in the economy .
We actually have at least three historic periods that we can study in which similar phenomenon occurred .
I think it was 1873 where even the state of Florida filed for Bankruptcy .
So , we need to be thoughtful about being students I think of the history .
Second , confidence must be restored .
The stimulus package , in my opinion , is vital .
It will provide a cushion as we reach the reset point and it will help restart our economic engine .
( Applause . )
I certainly want to applaud the steps that the House has taken under the speaker 's leadership to quickly pass a strong stimulus package and to help shore up our financial institutions .
Third , America really has to return to growth that 's built on innovation and productivity , rather than leverage and private debt .
That must happen .
The good news is that the U.S. economy is still the world leader in innovation .
Our universities are the envy of the rest of the world .
The American workforce is the best on the planet , and U.S. companies continue to drive technological progress in almost every industry .
But the time has come when we need to renew our innovation capacity .
We went back and studied what innovation companies did during the time of the Great Depression .
One company that stands out , if you study the Depression , is RCA .
Now , the fact that RCA is not around today , this has nothing to do with their behavior during the Depression .
There 's probably good learnings for a lot of technology companies in that .
But during the time of the Depression , RCA was probably the most broad - based R&D-centric company in America .
And while it cut costs certainly to survive the Depression , it never retreated from its commitment to core research and development .
And as a result , after the Depression had ended , it really led and the U.S. led TV technology developments for the next 25 years .
That was good for RCA ; it was good for America .
In my view , American companies are n't going to be able to weather this economic downturn just by cutting costs either .
You may have heard that Microsoft , our company has decided that we need to reduce 5,000 positions .
What you may not know is that at the same time we 've decided we 'll also create two to three thousand new jobs -- mostly in the US -- as we continue to push into new areas that require investment .
In addition , despite the tough economy -- I might even say because of the tough economy -- our company will continue to invest more than US$ 9 billion a year in R&D , because we think it 's that R&D spending that will cause us to remain strong .
( Applause . )
People ask me , are you upbeat or not , and I say , about technology I 'm super upbeat .
The industry that we 're in , information technology , stands at the threshold of again a new revolution .
I joined Microsoft essentially for the PC revolution .
The Internet revolution , we have the revolution of what I might call pervasive computing .
Computers that are as thin and light as this on which you can have access to the world 's information will be kind of expected over the next five and 10 years .
So , being optimistic and positive about what technology can accomplish is very , very important .
If you take a look at it today , there is increasing ubiquity and power in the computing platforms .
A laptop today has more computer power than a mainframe did when I came to Microsoft .
Mobile phones today are more powerful than the PCs that existed 10 or 12 years ago , at the start of the Internet era .
But over the next few years , we 'll continue to go into uncharted territory as many - core chipsets and devices become common , and we develop new ways to write programs to help us model the world 's climate , the world 's population , the world 's energy needs ; all of that will be super possible .
This is going to lead to breakthrough applications , more intelligent , more aware of their environment , and where we can really help anticipate the information you need and the capabilities that you really want to have .
The next few years are going to see dramatic changes in the way you interact with technology : touch , gestures , handwriting , speech recognition .
Instead of telling my secretary to get me ready for my trip to the House Democratic Caucus , I 'll just type it in or speak it to my computer .
It can look up , it turns out , who you all are , and where you 're all from , and it 's got all -- it 's all out there .
We just need to automate it in ways that real people can get access to information .
Some of this I 'm sure sounds a bit like science fiction , but we 're rapidly nearing a time when interacting with technology really will be like interacting with people , which will make technology more accessible and really unlock the potential of computers to individuals and communities to help solve tough problems .
A third trend , as I talked about , is screens and displays .
Literally every wall , every tabletop , you 'll be able to roll up your computer , if you will , and put it in your purse or put it in your pocket .
That 's what we have to look forward to .
All of these trends are going to help create a computing platform that extends from PCs and phones and TVs out into the massive storage and connectivity out in the Internet .
All of this will enable us to transcend the barriers that exist between technology today , and seamlessly connect people to the information and applications that you 're interested in , no matter where you are , no matter what kind of screen you have in front of us .
It 's very important .
As the computing environment becomes richer and more pervasive , and more universally useful , it will enable citizens to be more active participants in our national economic recovery .
If we do our jobs right , the computer revolution will help amplify our ability as individuals and as a nation to tackle the pressing problems of society : education , health care , energy independence ; and at the same time , continue to enhance our productivity and economic competitiveness .
They say GDP is consumption plus investment , plus government spending , plus productivity growth and innovation , and I 'm very bullish on what will happen in our industry .
Imagine , for example , an intelligent energy system in your home that 's linked to a smart energy grid .
With that infrastructure , your dishwasher and washing machine would know to run when electricity is cheapest .
That kind of intelligence and control could really have a major impact on residential power consumption , which is a very large piece of energy consumption in this country .
There are similar scenarios in healthcare , where genomic research will open the door to personalized treatment ; and in education for sure , where technology will enable all teachers to use the very best teaching methods and connect with students in new ways .
The truth though , we can barely guess what is possible .
With the kinds of technologies we envision , other people , many people in many fields , fields of science and social science and many , many others , will come forth with an incredible outpouring of new ideas and innovation that will continue to expand the universe of what 's possible .
So , the enablement not only of information technology and the productivity it brings directly , but other new forms of innovation I think will really be important for long term growth and prosperity across many , many fields of endeavor .
To harness this potential of this transformation , I think it 's going to take a lot more than investment by the private sector .
We need investment and we need leadership by government as well .
I do n't understand all of the issues and interests that you have to deal with .
As I was sitting listening this morning , I understand more that there are hundreds of unwritten things that citizens just do n't really know about what it takes to catalyze these things to happen .
But I would at least like to offer a couple suggestions on some things I think are important .
First , we really need the federal government to invest in human capital , in the citizens of our country .
( Applause . )
I sit here and talk , talk , talk about innovation , but it 's people who turn ideas into positive and productive innovation .
And in today 's knowledge - driven world , innovation will depend on people who are actually technologically sophisticated , have strong critical thinking skills , have expertise in math and science and engineering .
This is true not only for people who live in places like Seattle and work at places like Microsoft , but live in places like Detroit , where I grew up , and work for companies like Ford Motor Company , where my father worked when I was a child .
I think this is going to be true for anyone , anywhere in this country , who hopes to earn a wage that can really properly support their family .
This means investment in education is critical , and I 'm really encouraged by the very heavy emphasis on education that 's in the stimulus package .
( Applause . )
We really need to transform math and science education in America .
We need to improve teacher training , teacher quality .
I was talking earlier in the day with some folks about just how many of our math and science teachers do n't have the correct training and accreditation , and that stands in the way of us really breaking through .
For those who are already in the workforce , we need programs that provide ongoing education and training , so they can be successful in this knowledge - based economy .
For those who are unemployed , we need new technical skills training to give those people a start back up the economic ladder .
And we are going to need lifelong learning programs to keep people fresh , as innovation and technology continues to power the economy .
The second thing we need -- and I 'll tell the Speaker this was written even before our meeting this morning -- we need greater government investment in our nation 's science and technology infrastructure .
( Applause . )
I came in , flew in red eye , was a little groggy this morning when I got here .
I sat down with the speaker at 8:00 AM , and she woke me right up .
She said there are four things I want you to make sure you understand are a priority : science , science , science , and science .
I was awake by the end of the fourth science for sure , and I could n't agree more wholeheartedly .
Science and technology is the backbone for productivity and innovation ; has been , not always information technology , but science and technology has been a driver of economic success .
Government investment in science and engineering as a percentage of GDP is half , in this country , what it was in 1970 , and it would be growing rapidly , particularly in countries in Asia , off a small base albeit , but in places like India and China and Korea the trend is the other direction .
We need to pursue breakthroughs over the coming years in green technology , alternative energy , bioengineering , parallel computing , quantum computing .
Without greater government investment in the basic research , there is a danger that important advances will happen in other countries .
This is truly I think not only an issue of competitiveness , but also in a sense of national security .
Companies like ours and others can do our fair share in terms of funding of basic research , but government needs to take the lead .
This is also a moment when government should invest , I think , in information technology to help transform healthcare .
We deliver information technology that we think can help create a connected health system that delivers predictive , preventive , and personalized care , a system that I think can improve the health of Americans and reduce the cost of health care in this country .
Government support for innovative development , rapid adoption of information technology in health care is important .
I was talking to Congressman McDermott this morning .
Government has a big role to play , including the fact that Medicare and Medicaid pay over 50 percent of all health .
If Medicare and Medicaid want to take on some issues and use its authority to push health information standards , I 'm sure this industry and this area of technology innovation can move even more quickly .
There 's always broadband .
My number one encouragement to you is start with government itself .
Every school , every hospital , every government building , is it wired , have we funded that infrastructure ; very important .
( Applause . )
This is a once - in - a - lifetime economic crisis .
There is a lot of history around that , and frankly if you stop and think about it , 1837 , ' 73 , ' 29 , 2008 , it 's almost exactly a whole lifetime between each of the major economic difficulties that we face .
But I think it 's also a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to think about our priorities again and make the investments that put us on the right foot .
In his inaugural address , President Obama said we need to assume more responsibility and make the hard decisions that have been postponed for too long .
The president 's remarks actually reminded me of something I heard a lot from my dad when I was growing up .
My dad was an immigrant to this country .
He came from Switzerland after World War II .
He went and was an interpreter with the US military at the war trials in Nuremberg ; came to Detroit with some of the soldiers he had met there , who sponsored him in this country ; went to work at Ford Motor Company , was there for 30 years .
Never finished high school never went to college , but he had a simple model : " If you 're going to do a job , do a job .
If you 're not going to do a job , do n't do a job . ”
You could say , okay , that 's probably a good thing to tell a 10 - year - old , but what it really came to mean to me was that if you want to accomplish anything at all , you 've got to be committed , you 've got to be motivated , you 've got to be tenacious , you 've got to be smart .
And , of course , that 's not really just my dad 's message to me and my sister as we were growing up ; it 's really the essence of the American work ethic , and I think it 's been passed down to millions of American children every generation .
This country has what it takes to succeed .
We have talent , we have technology , we 've got the track record .
We 've got to be really honest about where we are .
We 've got to take the kind of bold steps that the vice president so well characterized in his remarks this morning , and we certainly have to roll up our sleeves and put ourselves back on the path of the kind of innovation that will drive the kind of economic success that I know we all want .
I thank you again for the opportunity .
It 's been my pleasure .
See Also :
After Layoffs Ballmer Tells Execs : This Is n't 1929 , But It 's Bad ( MSFT )
How Not to Ruin Your Daughters
Alternate Formats : HTML | TXT | EPUB | MOBI | PRC | PDF | FB2 | LIT | LRF | PDB | PMLZ | RB
ART BY XERXES VERDAMMT
READ BY MEDUSA OBLONGATA
MUSIC BY GOODMAN CARTER
I. How Not to Ruin Your DaughtersHere 's how not to ruin your daughters .
First , do not stay married long enough for them to see your head thrown against a glass table .
And if you must , divorce the man soon after .
While divorcing him , say dramatic things like , " I deserve better . "
Repeat these statements ( aloud ) for the rest of the girls ' lives and couple them with a vow of chastity .
If you can't promise chastity and you find yourself in love again -- this time with a man who only drinks alcohol leisurely –make sure he finds girls useful .
If he does n't , and you can't seem to tear yourself from him , do n't make him steak dinners and serve the children bologna–it will send a clear sign of where they stand in the whole scheme of things .
It also wo n't hurt to make their plates as you 're making his -- when you so delicately place his turkey wing , boiled potatoes , and green beans on good china and tiptoe to his permanently pushed in place on the couch without so much as hollering , " Dinner 's ready , " it , somehow , devalues the girls .
If you can't resist serving him steak and turkey wings , do n't throw the oldest girl out of the house for cursing him and making fun of his big gut .
She hates that since he 's moved in , she 's not allowed to open your bedroom door without knocking and waiting for a response .
That she 's banned from laying against you for any reason at all .
If it gets to be that you can't contain yourself , and you must throw her out , do n't do it four or more times in a year .
She 'll begin to feel dispensable , as will the others .
Understand that the youngest of the girls will resist him less because her mind is soft and her memory short .
She is incapable of knowing that his waiting for everyone to leave before he whips her and calls her " dirty " is atypical .
You may want to keep her with you .
Even for quick jaunts to the market .
If you can't bring yourself to follow any of these rules , well , this is where things begin to get complicated .
The girls have spent one thousand nights in a huddle discussing things , and they 're arriving at unsettling conclusions .
For the first few years , they 've discussed how absolutely scary Daddy is , and how they hope one day you 'll leave him .
At this point , they 've only tasted ruin and can recover easily .
For the next chunk of time , they 've asked one another if it 's really possible for a mother to love a new , balding , stinky - breath man more than her children ?
Things have turned for the worst here , but therapy will still soothe them .
The years following are no safer .
The girls walk around in a stupor becoming women , wondering if their childhood happened at all .
One thousand nights of questions and no answers leave them numb .
They 're nearly cold , nearly ruined women .
There are ways to mend near - ruin .
They 're basic and complicated .
Most daughters will settle for " I was n't always the best , you know ... "
For those seven words , they will rinse themselves clean , forgive yesterday , and probably only ever mention the hell they survived in passing .
They 'll make comments like , " You did what you could , Ma , " and " I turned out all right . "
They will not mention the three hundred Tylenol or that choking tube down your throat or feeling like the least important nothings in the world .
They 'll trust you with their children if you say these words because now they 're women and they realize the idea of perfection is a crock of bullshit , anyway .
You could 've never won the game in the first place .
They 'll have also seen a change in you : you 've softened a bit and are less militant , and too they 're older so you 're smaller .
They understand what it means to love a man so hard you lie down to cry and can't get back up again .
What they will not understand–and this applies if you still have not opened your mouth wide enough for those seven words to pass–is amnesia .
They will not be able to reconcile how a memory so big it silences them in grocery aisles escapes you .
They have no idea what distinguishes a spanking from a beating ; from what they remember , belts , hands , and hair brushes all felt similar .
Nor will they understand how the 90s were such a romantic decade for you when they closed their eyes for entire years at a time to get through them .
They will not understand how , now that you 've gained thirty or so pounds and know intimately what fat feels like , you still comment on the heaviness of their thighs .
How you talk about your second husband in terms of " he and I " : their view was always of a war with the sad pronoun , " we . "
They will not understand any of this .
If you wish to save your daughters at all , you 'll need to get moving .
Approach this with the same vigor you do good gossip at work .
Imagine you 're in a rush to play the number before Bellamy 's closes .
You 'll probably need a six - pack all to yourself .
Drink it slowly and cry a little , but not so much that you turn a shade deeper and your eyes swell –you want it to appear that your courage is from within .
Once you 're on drink number four , dial your daughters ' numbers in order from Slightly Fucked Up to Basket Case so that they arrive thirty or so minutes apart and can be looked at individually .
When they arrive , do n't waste any time .
Hold them so close they taste the beer on your breath and feel , through their blouses , your heartbeat hum .
Then say , " It happened .
All of it .
" II .
How Not to Hate Your MotherIf you want not to hate your mother , you had better memorize all your thoughts of worthlessness .
When you 're ready to blame her for your stretch marks and bad teeth , think hard about your evenings leaned against the kitchen sink in a shitty two bedroom apartment with enough space only to pivot turn .
Study that feeling of unimportance and how it forced you to yell at your children , " I do n't give a shit what you do , just do n't do it here .
" It would be wise , before you let anger blister your tongue and make it so you can't stop from saying , " She 's the reason ... , " to take twenty dollars to the grocery store and plan dinner for four children .
For two weeks .
Better yet , practice falling in love with bastards who consistently pay half the mortgage and make it difficult to leave them .
See if it 's easy to choose between hunger and safety .
Or here 's one better -- find a man who loves you down to the callus on the side of your big toe , who says I love you just to watch your eyes glisten , and then introduce him to your girls who hate him just for walking through the door .
Watch your happiness tumble out of their mouths to the ground and dissolve there , easy as sugar in water .
Then -- and this is if you 're truly interested in not hating her -- tell the beautiful man goodbye and come home every night ( smiling ) to the children who lost you your life .
Not to hate your mother you must ( and this is the only way to do it ) have your shirt yoked up around your neck , gathered good in your ex-husband 's fist , in front of all four of your girls .
Let them watch him spit in your face and tell you , " You only living ' cause I let you . "
Then , when you can , get free , and call the police .
Pace the living room waiting for the officers and while you 're pirouetting around yourself , say , inside your head , " If they 've got to see him touch me , they should see him punished . "
Then watch the police stomp through the living room without a leash for their judgment , and the girls huddle around their father to say , " He did n't do nothing . "
Sit your hoity - toity self across from them , on the opposite side of the room , and know betrayal well .
Before you call your mother and question all she is n't , you had better have a glass of wine and see how good motherhood is then .
When your daughter writes the alphabet in toothpaste across the bathroom floor and you say , " How smart you are ! " you 'll see why wine coolers match so well with breakfast .
Before you call her and question all she is n't , you had better be ready for the answer .
She 's going to wail and curse , but more importantly , she 's going to tell you to look at your own ugly face in the mirror .
And there you will see a younger her -- with longer hair and thicker , particular eyebrows , but her nonetheless .
If you want not to hate the woman , you had better take a moment and sit on a stool in your living room .
Make sure it 's pulled close to the patio door so you do n't have any trouble seeing the moon ( it 's best if you do this when the house is asleep .
Be sure your husband is well into his apnea and that the children have water on their nightstands .
And if you do n't have that kind of life , make sure your live - in boyfriend who is or is n't the father of your children is passed out from an afternoon of working for pocket change and you 've told your kids , " Just let me be " ; and if things are tougher for you still and no man stuck around to see the kids lose their teeth or virginity , steal a moment when you can ) .
Look out that patio door and want worse than anything to leap off the landing .
Not to kill yourself -- it 's only a story up -- but to get free and go be the writer you said you would be , before the abortion and the many live births , and the job you cry to work .
You can accomplish a lot inside your head , but not to hate your mother ( truly ) , you 'll need to do .
To prevent yourself from involuntarily burping up memories at dinner , from catching your own daughter with a look that says , " I 'm scared of you , " from being unfeeling , from being too feeling , from boring the people around you to bits over your melodramatic childhood , you had better talk to her .
You had better talk to your mother .
But not in the " How come you never got out of bed on weekends ? " way .
Do n't say that because she 's as fussy as you about the way she hears things .
She 's not going to listen to words at all , rather she 's going to put her ear up against all the hot mush beneath them -- your tone , the inflection ; she 's going to watch your eyebrows bend .
You had better make a beautiful bead necklace of your questions .
You had better lay those remarks at her neck delicately .
Like she is a bird , sick with the rain .
Say , " I love you all the way down past my ankles . "
Give her something to smile for .
" But " -- and you can decide when she 'll tolerate a " but " --
" I need to know what the 90's were about . "
Then spill it .
Not how a faucet might -- unable to help itself and vomiting a gallon with one twist of its knob .
Spill it like rice being measured .
Like salt tickled over eggs .
You are the scab , but Oh God she is the wound .
ABOUT ANDRIA NACINA COLEAndria Nacina
Cole is in love with writing except when she 's writing .
She can't understand such a painful gift , but recognizes it as such , and says thank you for absolutely every struggling metaphor , simile , attempt at personification , and bit of supposed - to - be imagery .
Not too long ago she received Maryland State Arts Council 's top grant prize for fiction and used the funds to launch a women 's writers conference that is aching to be reborn ( www.flanked.org ) .
She has published work in Urbanite Magazine , Sensations Magazine , and Mary Elise Magazine .
Long ago , before she should have ever called herself a writer she published a collection of poetry titled .
Thank goodness it 's out of print .
If she does not go crazy revising , she will soon be finished with a short story collection tentatively titled
Read more stories !
Close on the heels of rumors from the Commercial Times on Monday and Dow Jones Newswires on Tuesday , Reuters reports on a source close to touchscreen manufacturer Wintek saying that the company has received orders from Apple for 10 - inch touchscreens expected to be delivered in the third quarter of 2009 .
Taiwan touchscreen specialist Wintek already makes small screens for Apple iPhones , and has received orders for the larger ones that are roughly the same size as those used in mini PCs , said the source close to the Taiwan firm .
He asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to talk to the media .
He added that he did not know what the final product would be , or who would make it .
It is unclear whether this is one of the same sources quoted by the Commercial Times and / or Dow Jones Newswires , but Reuters ' claim that the source provided the information " on Wednesday " , after the previous reports had been issued , suggests that this is either a fresh repetition of the information by a previous source or a new source entirely .
Computer Science
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
data structures Does n't know the difference between Array and LinkedList Able to explain and use Arrays , LinkedLists , Dictionaries etc in practical programming tasks Knows space and time tradeoffs of the basic data structures , Arrays vs LinkedLists , Able to explain how hashtables can be implemented and can handle collisions , Priority queues and ways to implement them etc .
Knowledge of advanced data structures like B - trees , binomial and fibonacci heaps , AVL / Red Black trees , Splay Trees , Skip Lists , tries etc .
algorithms
Unable to find the average of numbers in an array ( It 's hard to believe but I 've interviewed such candidates ) Basic sorting , searching and data structure traversal and retrieval algorithms Tree , Graph , simple greedy and divide and conquer algorithms , is able to understand the relevance of the levels of this matrix .
Able to recognize and code dynamic programming solutions , good knowledge of graph algorithms , good knowledge of numerical computation algorithms , able to identify NP problems etc .
Working with someone who has a good topcoder ranking would be an unbelievable piece of luck !
systems programming Does n't know what a compiler , linker or interpreter is Basic understanding of compilers , linker and interpreters .
Understands what assembly code is and how things work at the hardware level .
Some knowledge of virtual memory and paging .
Understands kernel mode vs. user mode , multi- threading , synchronization primitives and how they 're implemented , able to read assembly code .
Understands how networks work , understanding of network protocols and socket level programming .
Understands the entire programming stack , hardware ( CPU + Memory + Cache + Interrupts + microcode ) , binary code , assembly , static and dynamic linking , compilation , interpretation , JIT compilation , garbage collection , heap , stack , memory addressing ...
Software Engineering
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
source code version control Folder backups by date VSS and beginning CVS / SVN user Proficient in using CVS and SVN features .
Knows how to branch and merge , use patches setup repository properties etc.
Knowledge of distributed VCS systems .
Has tried out Bzr / Mercurial / Darcs / Git
build automation
Only knows how to build from IDE Knows how to build the system from the command line Can setup a script to build the basic system Can setup a script to build the system and also documentation , installers , generate release notes and tag the code in source control
automated testing
Thinks that all testing is the job of the tester Has written automated unit tests and comes up with good unit test cases for the code that is being written
Has written code in TDD manner Understands and is able to setup automated functional , load / performance and UI tests
Programming
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
problem decomposition
Only straight line code with copy paste for reuse
Able to break up problem into multiple functions
Able to come up with reusable functions / objects that solve the overall problem
Use of appropriate data structures and algorithms and comes up with generic / object - oriented code that encapsulate aspects of the problem that are subject to change .
systems decomposition
Not able to think above the level of a single file / class Able to break up problem space and design solution as long as it is within the same platform / technology
Able to design systems that span multiple technologies / platforms .
Able to visualize and design complex systems with multiple product lines and integrations with external systems .
Also should be able to design operations support systems like monitoring , reporting , fail overs etc .
communication Cannot express thoughts / ideas to peers .
Poor spelling and grammar .
Peers can understand what is being said .
Good spelling and grammar .
Is able to effectively communicate with peers
Able to understand and communicate thoughts / design / ideas / specs in a unambiguous manner and adjusts communication as per the context
This is an often under rated but very critical criteria for judging a programmer .
With the increase in outsourcing of programming tasks to places where English is not the native tongue this issue has become more prominent .
I know of several projects that failed because the programmers could not understand what the intent of the communication was .
code organization within a file no evidence of organization within a file Methods are grouped logically or by accessibility Code is grouped into regions and well commented with references to other source files
File has license header , summary , well commented , consistent white space usage .
The file should look beautiful .
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
code organization across files
No thought given to organizing code across files Related files are grouped into a folder Each physical file has a unique purpose , for e.g. one class definition , one feature implementation etc .
Code organization at a physical level closely matches design and looking at file names and folder distribution provides insights into design
source tree organization Everything in one folder Basic separation of code into logical folders .
No circular dependencies , binaries , libs , docs , builds , third - party code all organized into appropriate folders Physical layout of source tree matches logical hierarchy and organization .
The directory names and organization provide insights into the design of the system .
The difference between this and the previous item is in the scale of organization , source tree organization relates to the entire set of artifacts that define the system .
code readability Mono- syllable names
Good names for files , variables classes , methods etc .
No long functions , comments explaining unusual code , bug fixes , code assumptions Code assumptions are verified using asserts , code flows naturally - no deep nesting of conditionals or methods
defensive coding Does n't understand the concept Checks all arguments and asserts critical assumptions in code Makes sure to check return values and check for exceptions around code that can fail .
Has his own library to help with defensive coding , writes unit tests that simulate faults
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
error handling
Only codes the happy case Basic error handling around code that can throw exceptions / generate errors Ensures that error / exceptions leave program in good state , resources , connections and memory is all cleaned up properly Codes to detect possible exception before , maintain consistent exception handling strategy in all layers of code , come up with guidelines on exception handling for entire system .
IDE Mostly uses IDE for text editing Knows their way around the interface , able to effectively use the IDE using menus .
Knows keyboard shortcuts for most used operations .
Has written custom macros
API Needs to look up the documentation frequently Has the most frequently used APIs in memory Vast and In - depth knowledge of the API Has written libraries that sit on top of the API to simplify frequently used tasks and to fill in gaps in the API E.g. of API can be Java library , .net framework or the custom API for the application
frameworks
Has not used any framework outside of the core platform
Has heard about but not used the popular frameworks available for the platform .
Has used more than one framework in a professional capacity and is well - versed with the idioms of the frameworks .
Author of framework
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
requirements
Takes the given requirements and codes to spec
Come up with questions regarding missed cases in the spec Understand complete picture and come up with entire areas that need to be speced Able to suggest better alternatives and flows to given requirements based on experience
scripting
No knowledge of scripting tools Batch files / shell scripts Perl / Python / Ruby / VBScript / Powershell Has written and published reusable code
database
Thinks that Excel is a database Knows basic database concepts , normalization , ACID , transactions and can write simple selects
Able to design good and normalized database schemas keeping in mind the queries that 'll have to be run , proficient in use of views , stored procedures , triggers and user defined types .
Knows difference between clustered and non-clustered indexes .
Proficient in use of ORM tools .
Can do basic database administration , performance optimization , index optimization , write advanced select queries , able to replace cursor usage with relational sql , understands how data is stored internally , understands how indexes are stored internally , understands how databases can be mirrored , replicated etc .
Understands how the two phase commit works .
Experience
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
languages with professional experience Imperative or Object Oriented Imperative , Object - Oriented and declarative ( SQL ) , added bonus if they understand static vs dynamic typing , weak vs strong typing and static inferred types Functional , added bonus if they understand lazy evaluation , currying , continuations Concurrent ( Erlang , Oz ) and Logic ( Prolog )
platforms with professional experience 1 2 - 3 4 - 5 6 +
years of professional experience 1 2 - 5 6 - 9 10 +
domain knowledge
No knowledge of the domain Has worked on at least one product in the domain .
Has worked on multiple products in the same domain .
Domain expert .
Has designed and implemented several products / solutions in the domain .
Well versed with standard terms , protocols used in the domain .
Knowledge
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
tool knowledge Limited to primary IDE ( VS .
Net , Eclipse etc. )
Knows about some alternatives to popular and standard tools .
Good knowledge of editors , debuggers , IDEs , open source alternatives etc. etc. For e.g. someone who knows most of the tools from Scott Hanselman 's power tools list .
Has used ORM tools .
Has actually written tools and scripts , added bonus if they 've been published .
languages exposed to Imperative or Object Oriented Imperative , Object - Oriented and declarative ( SQL ) , added bonus if they understand static vs dynamic typing , weak vs strong typing and static inferred types Functional , added bonus if they understand lazy evaluation , currying , continuations Concurrent ( Erlang , Oz ) and Logic ( Prolog )
codebase knowledge
Has never looked at the codebase Basic knowledge of the code layout and how to build the system Good working knowledge of code base , has implemented several bug fixes and maybe some small features .
Has implemented multiple big features in the codebase and can easily visualize the changes required for most features or bug fixes .
knowledge of upcoming technologies
Has not heard of the upcoming technologies
Has heard of upcoming technologies in the field Has downloaded the alpha preview / CTP / beta and read some articles / manuals Has played with the previews and has actually built something with it and as a bonus shared that with everyone else
2n ( Level 0 ) n2 ( Level 1 ) n ( Level 2 ) log (n ) ( Level 3 ) Comments
platform internals Zero knowledge of platform internals
Has basic knowledge of how the platform works internally Deep knowledge of platform internals and can visualize how the platform takes the program and converts it into executable code .
Has written tools to enhance or provide information on platform internals .
For e.g. disassemblers , decompilers , debuggers etc .
books Unleashed series , 21 days series , 24 hour series , dummies series ...
Code Complete , Do n't Make me Think , Mastering Regular Expressions Design Patterns , Peopleware , Programming Pearls , Algorithm Design Manual , Pragmatic Programmer , Mythical Man month Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs , Concepts Techniques , Models of Computer Programming , Art of Computer Programming , Database systems , by C. J Date , Thinking Forth , Little Schemer
Author(s ) Dr Dean Jenkins & Dr. Stephen Gerred Moderator J.S.S.G. de Jong Supervisor some notes about authorship
This overview has been adapted from Dean Jenkins 's and Stephen Gerred 's ECGlibary.com , for which they are gratefully acknowledged .
The history of the ECG goes back more than one and a half centuries .
1600 - 1800
1600 .
William Gilbert , Physician to Queen Elizabeth I , President of the Royal College of Physicians and creator of the ' magnetic philosophy ' , introduces the term ' electrica ' for objects ( insulators ) that hold static electricity .
He derives the word from the Greek for amber ( electra ) .
It has been known from ancient times that amber when rubbed could lift light materials .
Gilbert adds other examples such as sulphur and describes what will later be known as ' static electricity ' to distinguish it from the more noble magnetic force .
He sees his ideas as part of a philosophy to replace forever the prevailing Aristotlean view of matter . [ 1 ]
1649 .
Sir Thomas Browne , Physician , while writing to dispel popular ignorance in many subjects , is the first to use the word ' electricity ' .
Browne calls the attractive force " Electricity , that is , a power to attract strawes or light bodies , and convert the needle freely placed " .
( He is also the first to use the word ' computer ' - referring to people who compute calendars . ) [ 2 ]
1660 .
Otto Von Guericke builds the first static electricity generator .
1662 .
The work of Rene Descartes , French Philosopher , is published ( posthumously ) and explains human movement in terms of a complex mechanical interaction of threads , pores , passages and ' animal spirits ' .
He has worked on his ideas in the 1630s but did not publish because of the persecution of other radical thinkers such as Galileo .
William Harvey developed similar ideas but they were never published . [ 3 ]
Jan Swammerdam
1664 . Jan Swammerdam , a Dutchman , disproves Descartes ' mechanistic theory of animal motion by removing the heart of a living frog and showing that the frog is still able to swim .
When the brain is removed all movement stops ( which could be in keeping with Descarte 's theory ) but then , when the frog is dissected and a severed nerve end stimulated with a scalpel , the muscles twitch .
This proves that movement of a muscle can occur without any connection to the brain .
Therefore the transmission of ' animal spirits ' is not necessary .
Swammerdam 's ideas are not widely known and his work is not published until after his death .
However , he writes many letters and his friend , Nicolaus Steno , attacks Cartesian ideas in a lecture in Paris in 1665 .
Boerhaave publishes Swammerdam 's ' Book of Nature ' in the 1730s .
It is translated into English in 1758 .
1668 Swammerdam refines his experiments on muscle contraction and nerve conduction .
He demonstrates some of his work to notable figures such as the Grand - Duke Cosimo of Tuscany when the Grand Duke visits Swammerdam 's father 's house on the Oude Schans in Amsterdam .
In one experiment he suspends a muscle on a brass hook inside a glass tube with a water droplet , to detect movement , and ' irritates ' the nerve with a silver wire .
This produces movement of the muscle , which may be due to the induction of a small electrical charge - although Swammerdam is unaware of this .
1729 Stephen Gray , English scientist , distinguishes between conductors and insulators of electricity .
He demonstrates the transfer of static electrical charge to a cork ball across 150 meters of wet hemp thread .
Later he finds that the transfer can be achieved over greater distances through brass wire .
A Leyden Jar
1745 Dutch physicist Pieter van Musschenbroek discovers that a partly filled jar with a nail projecting from a cork in its neck can store an electrical charge .
The jar is named the ' Leyden Jar ' after the place of its discovery .
Ewald Georg von Kliest of Pomerania invents the same device independently .
Using a Leyden jar in 1746 , Jean - Antoine Nollet , French physicist and tutor to the royal family of France , sends an electrical current through 180 Royal Guards during a demonstration for King Louis XV .
1769 Edward Bancroft , an American scientist , suggests that the ' shock ' from the torpedo fish is electrical rather than mechanical in nature .
He shows that the properties of the shock are similar to those from a Leyden jar in that it can be conducted or insulated with appropriate materials .
The torpedo fish and other species are widely known to deliver shocks and are often used for therapeutic reasons .
However , electrical theory at this time dictates that electricity will always flow through conductors and diffuse away from areas of high charge to areas of low charge .
Since living tissues are known to be conductors , it is impossible to imagine how an imbalance of charge can exist within an animal .
Therefore animals can not use electricity for nerve conduction - or to deliver shocks .
Furthermore , ' water and electricity do not mix ' so the idea of an ' electric fish ' is generally not accepted . [ 4 ]
1773 John Walsh , Fellow of the Royal Society and Member of Parliament , obtains a visible spark from the electric eel Electrophorus electricus .
The eel is out of water , as it is not possible to produce the spark otherwise .
Walsh uses thin strips of tin foil to demonstrate his technique to many colleagues and visitors at his house in London .
Unfortunately , he never publishes his eel experiment , though he does win the Copley medal in 1774 and 1783 for his work .
Walshes observations , and those of Bancroft before him , adds to the argument that some form of animal electricity . [ 5 ]
1774 The Rev. Mr Sowdon and Mr Hawes , apothecary , report on the surprising effects of electricity in a case report of recovery from sudden death published in the annual report of the newly founded Humane Society ( now the Royal Humane Society ) .
The Society develops from ' The Institution for Affording Immediate Relief to Persons Apparently Dead from Drowning ' .
It is " instituted in the year 1774 , to protect the industrious from the fatal consequences of unforseen accidents ; the young and inexperienced from being sacrificed to their recreations ; and the unhappy victims of desponding melancholy and deliberate suicide from the miserable consequences of self - destruction . "
A Mr Squires , of Wardour Street , Soho , lives opposite the house from which a three year old girl , Catherine Sophia Greenhill falls from a window on 16th July 1774 .
After the attending apothecary declares that nothing could be done for the child , Mr Squires , " with the consent of the parents very humanely tried the effects of electricity .
At least twenty minutes had elapsed before he could apply the shock , which he gave to various parts of the body without any apparent success ; but at length , upon transmitting a few shocks through the thorax , he perceived a small pulsation : soon after the child began to sigh , and to breathe , though with great difficulty .
In about ten minutes she vomited : a kind of stupor , occasioned by the depression of the cranium , remained for some days , but proper means being used , the child was restored to perfect health and spirits in about a week .
" Mr. Squires gave this astonishing case of recovery to the above gentlemen , from no other motive than a desire of promoting the good of mankind ; and hopes for the future that no person will be given up for dead , till various means have been used for their recovery . "
Since it is clear she sustained a head injury , the electricity probably stimulated the child out of deep coma rather than providing cardiac defibrillation ( see also 1788 , Charles Kite ) .
Annual Report 1774 : Humane Society , London .
pp 31-32
1775 Abildgaard shows that hens can be made lifeless with electrical impulses and he can restore a pulse with electrical shocks across the chest .
" With a shock to the head , the animal was rendered lifeless , and arose with a second shock to the chest ; however , after the experiment was repeated rather often , the hen was completely stunned , walked with some difficulty , and did not eat for a day and night ; then later it was very well and even laid an egg . " [ 6 ]
1786
Luigi Galvani Italian Anatomist
Italian Anatomist Luigi Galvani notes that a dissected frog 's leg twitches when touched with a metal scalpel .
He has been studying the effects of electricity on animal tissues this summer .
Luigi Galvani's frog leg
On 20th September 1786 he wrote , " I had dissected and prepared a frog in the usual way and while I was attending to something else I laid it on a table on which stood an electrical machine at some distance from its conductor and separated from it by a considerable space .
Now when one of the persons present touched accidentally and lightly the inner crural nerves of the frog with the point of a scalpel , all the muscles of the legs seemed to contract again and again as if they were affected by powerful cramps . "
He later shows that direct contact with the electrical generator or the ground through an electrical conductor leads to a muscle contraction .
Galvani also uses brass hooks attached to the frog 's spinal cord and suspended from an iron railing in a part of his garden .
He notices that the frogs ' legs twitch during lightening storms and when the weather is fine .
He interprets these results in terms of " animal electricity " or the preservation in the animal of " nerveo- electrical fluid " similar to that of an electric eel .
He later also shows that electrical stimulation of a frog 's heart leads to cardiac muscular contraction .
Galvani .
De viribus Electritatis in motu musculari Commentarius .
1791
Galvani's name is given to the ' galvanometer ' , an instrument for measuring ( and recording ) electricity - this is essentially what an ECG is ; a sensitive galvanometer .
1788 Charles Kite wins the Silver Medal of the Humane Society ( awarded at the first prize medal ceremony of the Society , co-judged with the Medical Society of London ) with an essay on the use of electricity in the diagnosis and resuscitation of persons apparently dead .
This essay is often cited as the first record of cardiac defibrillation , but the use of electricity suggested by Mr Kite is much different .
For example , on describing a case of drowning from 1785 , in which resuscitation was attempted with artificial respiration , warmth , tobacco , " volatiles thrown into the stomach , frictions , and various lesser stimuli " for nearly an hour , he then recalls the use of electricity .
" Electricity was then applied , and shocks sent through in every possible direction ; the muscles through which the fluid [ electricity ] passed were thrown into strong contractions . "
He concludes that electricity is a valuable tool that can be used to resuscitate a person who appeared dead .
Annual Report 1788 : Humane Society , London .
pp 225-244 . Kite C. An Essay on the Recovery of the Apparently Dead .
1788 : C. Dilly , London .
Alessandro Volta
1792 Alessandro Volta , Italian Scientist and inventor , attempts to disprove Galvani 's theory of " animal electricity ' " by showing that electrical current is generated by the combination of two dissimilar metals .
Voltaic pile
His assertion is that the electrical current comes from metals and not animal tissues .
( We now know that both Galvani and Volta were right . )
To prove his theory he develops the voltaic pile in 1800 ( a column of alternating metal discs - zinc with copper or silver - separated by paperboard soaked in saline ) which can deliver a substantial and steady current of electricity .
Enthusiasm in the use of electricity leads to further attempts at reanimation of the dead with experiments on recently hanged criminals .
Giovani Aldini ( the nephew of Galvani ) conducts an experiment at the Royal College of Surgeons in London in 1803 .
The executed criminal has lain in a temperature of 30 degrees F for one hour and is transported to the College .
" On applying the conductors to the ear and to the rectum , such violent muscular contractions were executed , as almost to give the appearance of the reanimation " .
Aldini , J. Essai : Théorique et expérimental sur le Galvanisme , Paris ( 1804 ) , Giovani Aldini .
General Views on the Application of Galvanism to Medical Purposes Principally in cases of suspended Animation ( London : J. Callow , Princes Street and Burgess and Hill , Great Windmill Street , 1819 ) .
Mary Shelly 's Frankenstein is published in 1818 .
Louis Figuier , Les merveilles de la Science ( Paris , 1867 ) , p.653
1800 - 1895
1819 While demonstrating to students the heating of a platinum wire with electricity from a voltaic pile at the University of Copenhagen , Danish physicist Hans Christian Oersted notices that a nearby magnetized compass needle moves each time the electrical current is applied .
He discovers electromagnetism , which is given a theoretical basis ( with remarkable speed ) by André Marie Ampère .
1820 Johann ( Johan ) Schweigger of Nuremberg increases the movement of magnetized needles in electromagnetic fields .
He finds that wrapping the electric wire into a coil of 100 turns multiplies the effect on the needle .
He proposes that a magnetic field revolved around a wire carrying a current .
This was later proven by Michael Faraday .
Schweigger announces his discovery at the University of Halle on 16th September 1820 .
1825 Leopold Nobili , Professor of Physics at Florence , develops an ' astatic galvanometer ' .
Using two identical magnetic needles of opposite polarity , either fixed together with a figure of eight arrangement of wire loops ( in earlier versions ) , or one movable needle with a wire loop and one with a scale ( in later versions ) , Nobili is able to compensate for the effects of the earth 's magnetic field .
In 1827 , using this instrument , he manages to detect the flow of current in the body of a frog from muscles to spinal cord .
He detects the electricity running along saline - moistened cotton thread joining the dissected frog 's legs in one jar to its body in another jar .
Nobili feels that this work proves the theory of animal electricity .
Carlo Matteucci
1838 Carlo Matteucci , Professor of Physics at the University of Pisa , a student of Nobili , shows that an electric current accompanies each heart beat .
He uses a preparation known as a ' rheoscopic frog ' , in which the cut nerve of a frog 's leg is used as the electrical sensor and twitching of the muscle is used as the visual sign of electrical activity .
He also uses Nobili 's astatic galvanometer for the study of electricity in muscles , typically inserting one galvanometer wire into the open end of the dissected muscle and the other onto the surface of the muscle .
He goes on to try to demonstrate conduction in nerve , but is unable to do so ( since his galvanometers are not sensitive enough ) . [ 7 ]
1840 Dr Golding Bird , a physician , accomplished chemist and member of the London Electrical Society , opens an electrical therapy room at Guy 's Hospital , London , treating a large range of diseases .
Although the application of electricity is popular , it is not considered a subject worthy of serious investigation .
Because of Bird 's reputation as a researcher , electrical therapy achieves popularity among London physicians , including his mentor , Dr Thomas Addison . [ 8 ]
Physiologist Emil Du Bois - Reymond
1843 German physiologist Emil Du Bois - Reymond describes an " action potential " accompanying each muscular contraction .
He detects the small voltage potential present in resting muscle and notes that this diminishes with contraction of the muscle .
To accomplish this he had develops one of the most sensitive galvanometers of his time .
His device has a wire coil with over 24,000 turns - 5 km of wire .
Du Bios Reymond devises a notation which he called the ' disturbance curve ' for his galvanometer .
" O " was the stable equilibrium point of the astatic galvanometer needle and p , q , r and s ( and also k and h ) were other points in its deflection .
Du Bois - Reymond , E. Untersuchungen uber thierische Elektricitat .
Reimer , Berlin : 1848 .
1850 Bizarre unregulated actions of the ventricles ( later called ventricular fibrillation ) is described by Hoffa during experiments with strong electrical currents across the hearts of dogs and cats .
He demonstrates that a single electrical pulse can induce fibrillation . [ 9 ]
1856 Rudolph von Koelliker and Heinrich Muller confirm that an electrical current accompanies each heart beat by applying a galvanometer to the base and apex of an exposed ventricle .
They also apply a nerve - muscle preparation , similar to Matteucci's , to the ventricle and observe that a twitch of the muscle occurs just prior to ventricular systole , followed by a much smaller twitch after systole .
These twitches will later be recognized as caused by the electrical currents of the QRS and T waves .
von Koelliker A , Muller H. Nachweis der negativen Schwankung des Muskelstroms am naturlich sich kontrahierenden Herzen .
Verhandlungen der Physikalisch - Medizinischen Gesellschaft in Wurzberg .
1856;6:528-33 .
1858 William Thompson ( Lord Kelvin ) , professor of natural philosophy at Glasgow University , invents the ' mirror galvanometer ' for the reception of transatlantic telegraph transmissions .
A small , freely rotating mirror , with magnets stuck to its back , is suspended in a fine copper coil and a reflected spot of light from this mirror ' amplifies ' small movements when electrical current is present .
The whole apparatus is suspended in an air chamber and the pressure inside can be adjusted to vary the damping seen on the signals .
This galvanometer is sensitive enough for transatlantic telegraphy .
1867 Thompson improves telegraph transmissions with the ' Siphon Recorder ' .
Before d'Arsonval ( 1880 ) , Thompson uses a fine coil suspended in a strong magnetic magnetic field .
Attached to the coil but isolated from it by ebonite ( an insulator ) is a siphon of ink .
The siphon is charged with high voltage so that the ink is sprayed onto the paper , which moved over a metal surface .
The siphon recorder could therefore not only detect currents ; it could also record them onto paper .
1869 -70 Alexander Muirhead , an electrical engineer and pioneer of telegraphy , possibly records a human electrocardiogram at St Bartholomew 's Hospital , London but this is disputed .
He is thought to have used a Thompson Siphon Recorder .
Elizabeth Muirhead , his wife , writes a book of his life , claiming that he refrained from publishing his own work for fear of misleading others .
Elizabeth Muirhead .
Alexander Muirhead 1848 - 1920 .
Oxford , Blackwell : privately printed 1926 .
1872 French physicist Gabriel Lippmann invents a capillary electrometer .
It is a thin glass tube with a column of mercury beneath sulfuric acid .
The mercury meniscus moves with varying electrical potential and is observed through a microscope .
1872 Mr Green , a surgeon , publishes a paper on the resuscitation of a series of patients who suffered cardiac and / or respiratory arrest during anesthesia with chloroform .
He uses a galvanic pile ( battery ) of 200 cells generating 300 Volts , which he applies to the patient as follows " One pole should be applied to the neck and the other to the lower rib on the left side . "
Green T .
On death from chloroform : its prevention by galvanism .
Br Med J 1872 1 : 551 - 3 .
Although this has been reported as an example of cardiorespiratory resuscitation , it is unclear what the exact mechanism seems to be .
It is unlikely to be electric cardioversion or external pacing .
It seems to be another example of electrophrenic stimulation ( See also Duchenne 1872 ) .
Guillaume Benjamin Amand Duchenne de Boulogne
1872 Guillaume Benjamin Amand Duchenne de Boulogne , pioneering neurophysiologist , describes the resuscitation of a drowned girl with electricity in the third edition of his textbook on the medical uses of electricity .
This episode has sometimes been described as the first ' artificial pacemaker ' but he used an electrical current to induce electrophrenic rather than myocardial stimulation .
Duchenne GB .
De l'electrisation localisee et de son application a la pathologie et la therapeutique par courants induits at par courants galvaniques interrompus et continus .
[ Localised electricity and its application to pathology and therapy by means of induced and galvanic currents , interrupted and continuous ] 3ed.
Paris .
JB Bailliere et fils ; 1872
1874 A. Vulpian described mouvement fibrillaire in his article published in 1874 , which would be the basis for the name ventricular fibrillation now used for this arrhythmia . [ 10 ]
1875 Richard Caton , a Liverpool physician , presents to the British Medical Association in July 1875 in Edinburgh .
Using a Thompson ' mirror galvanometer ' in animals he shows it is possible to detect ' feeble currents of varying direction ... when the electrodes are placed on two points of the external surface , or one electrode on the grey matter and one on the surface of the skull ' .
This is the first report of the EEG ( or electroencephalogram ) .
Caton was proving another Physician 's hypothesis , John Hughlings Jackson , who suggested in 1873 that epilepsy was due to excessive electrical activity in the grey matter of the brain .
Caton R : The electric currents of the brain .
BMJ 1875 ; 2:278 , Mumenthaler , Mattle Eds. Neurology .
4th Edition .
Stuttgart , Thieme : 2004 .
1876 Marey uses the electrometer to record the electrical activity of an exposed frog 's heart .
Marey EJ .
Des variations electriques des muscles et du couer en particulier etudies au moyen de l'electrometre de M Lippman .
Compres Rendus Hebdomadaires des Seances de l'Acadamie des sciences
1876;82:975-977
1878 British physiologists John Burden Sanderson and Frederick
Page record the heart 's electrical current with a capillary electrometer and shows it consists of two phases ( later called QRS and T ) .
Burdon Sanderson J. Experimental results relating to the rhythmical and excitatory motions of the ventricle of the frog .
Proc R Soc Lond 1878;27:410-414
1880 French physicist Arsène d'Arsonval in association with Marcel Deprez , improves the galvanometer .
Instead of a magnetized needle moving when electrical current flows through a surrounding wire coil the Deprez - d' Arsonval galvanometer has a fixed magnet and moveable coil .
If a pointer is attached to the coil it can move over a suitably calibrated scale .
The d'Arsonval galvanometer is the basis for most modern galvanometers .
Comptes rendus de l'Académie des sciences , 1882 , 94 : 1347-1350
1884 John Burden Sanderson and Frederick Page publish some of their recordings .
Burdon Sanderson J , Page FJM .
On the electrical phenomena of the excitatory process in the heart of the tortoise , as investigated photographically .
J Physiol ( London ) 1884;4:327-338
A.D. Waller with his famous bulldog Jimmy
1887 British physiologist Augustus D. Waller of St Mary 's Medical School , London publishes the first human electrocardiogram .
It is recorded with a capilliary electrometer from Thomas Goswell , a technician in the laboratory . [ 11 ]
This is shortly after the " Cruelty to Animals Act " is accepted in the British parliament , which leads to questions in the House of Commons .
Q. ' At a converzaione [ sic ] of the Royal Society at Burlington House on May 12th last , a bulldog was cruelly treated when a leather strap with sharp nails was wound around his neck and his feet were immersed in glass jars containing salts in solution , and the jars in turn were connected with wires to galvanometers .
Such a cruel procedure should surely be dealt with under the " Cruelty to Animals Act " of 1876 ?'
A . ' The dog in question wore a leather collar ornamented with brass studs , and he was placed to stand in water to which some sodium chloride had been added , or in other words , common salt .
If my honourable friend had ever paddled in the sea , he will appreciate fully the sensation obtained thereby from this simple pleasurable experience !'
1887 McWilliam provides the first detailed description of VF , and demonstrated how VF in man can be terminated by electric shocks applied through a large pair of electrodes ; the first description of defibrillation in man . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
1889 Dutch physiologist Willem Einthoven sees Waller demonstrate his technique at the First International Congress of Physiologists in Bale .
Waller often demonstrated by using his dog " Jimmy " who would patiently stand with paws in glass jars of saline .
1890 GJ Burch of Oxford devises an arithmetical correction for the observed ( sluggish ) fluctuations of the electrometer .
This allows the true waveform to be seen , but only after tedious calculations . [ 14 ]
1891 British physiologists William Bayliss and Edward Starling of University College London improve the capillary electrometer .
They connect the terminals to the right hand and to the skin over the apex beat and show a " triphasic variation accompanying ( or rather preceding ) each beat of the heart " .
These deflections are later called P , QRS and T. [ 15 ] and [ 16 ]
They also demonstrate a delay of about 0.13 seconds between atrial stimulation and ventricular depolarisation ( later called PR interval ) .
On the electromotive phenomena of the mammalian heart .
Proc Phys Soc ( 21st March ) in J Physiol ( London ) 1891;12:xx-xxi
1893 Willem Einthoven introduces the term ' electrocardiogram ' at a meeting of the Dutch Medical Association .
( Later he claims that Waller was first to use the term ) .
Einthoven W : Nieuwe methoden voor clinisch onderzoek [ New methods for clinical investigation ] .
Ned T Geneesk 29 II : 263-286 , 1893
1895 - 1949
Willem Einthoven
ECG recordings as registered by Einthoven
Willem Einthoven
Einthoven 's ECG recording including putting the patients feet in baths filled with saline to improve electrical conduction
An electrocardiograph as used by Einthoven
1895 Einthoven , using an improved electrometer and a correction formula developed independently of Burch , distinguishes five deflections which he names P , Q , R , S and T . [ 17 ]
Why PQRST and not ABCDE ?
The four deflections prior to the correction formula are labeled ABCD and the 5 derived deflections are labeled PQRST .
The choice of P is a mathematical convention ( as used also by Du Bois - Reymond in his galvanometer 's ' disturbance curve ' 50 years previously ) by using letters from the second half of the alphabet .
N has other meanings in mathematics and O is used for the origin of the Cartesian coordinates .
In fact Einthoven uses O ..... X to mark the time line on his diagrams .
P is simply the next letter .
A lot of work has been undertaken to reveal the true electrical waveform of the ECG by eliminating the damping effect of the moving parts in the amplifiers and using correction formulae .
If you look at the diagram in Einthoven 's 1895 paper you will see how close it is to the string galvanometer recordings and the electrocardiograms we see today .
The image of the PQRST diagram may be striking enough to be adopted by the researchers as a true representation of the underlying form .
It would then be logical to continue the same naming convention when the more advanced string galvanometer starts creating electrocardiograms a few years later .
1897 Clement Ader , a French electrical engineer , reports his amplification system for detecting Morse code signals transmitted along undersea telegraph lines .
It is never intended to be used as a galvanometer .
Einthoven later quotes
Ader 's work but seems to have developed his own amplification device independently . [ 18 ]
1899 Karel Frederik Wenckebach publishes a paper " On the analysis of irregular pulses " describing impairment of AV conduction leading to progressive lengthening and blockage of AV conduction in frogs .
This will later be called Wenckebach block ( Mobitz type I ) or Wenckebach phenomenon .
1899 Jean - Louis Prevost , Professor of Biochemistry , and Frederic Batelli , Professor of Physiology , both of Geneva , discover that large electrical voltages applied across an animal 's heart can stop ventricular fibrillation . [ 19 ]
1901 Einthoven invents a new galvanometer for producing electrocardiograms using a fine quartz string coated in silver , based on ideas by Deprez and d'Arsonval ( who used a wire coil ) .
His " string galvanometer " weighs 600 pounds .
Einthoven acknowledges the similar system by Ader but later ( 1909 ) calculates that his galvanometer is in fact many thousands of times more sensitive . [ 20 ]
1902 Einthoven publishes the first electrocardiogram recorded on a string galvanometer . [ 21 ]
1903 Einthoven discusses commercial production of a string galvanometer with Max Edelmann of Munich and Horace Darwin of Cambridge Scientific Instruments Company of London .
1905
Einthoven starts transmitting electrocardiograms from the hospital to his laboratory 1.5 km away via telephone cables .
On March 22nd the first ' telecardiogram ' is recorded from a healthy and vigorous man and the tall R waves are attributed to his cycling from laboratory to hospital for the recording .
1905 John Hay , of Liverpool , publishes pressure recordings from a 65 year old man .
The recording shows heart block in which AV conduction does not seem to be impaired , since the a -c intervals on the jugular venous waves is unchanged in the conducted beats .
This is the first demonstration of what we now call Mobitz type II AV block . [ 22 ]
1906 Einthoven publishes the first organised presentation of normal and abnormal electrocardiograms recorded with a string galvanometer .
Left and right ventricular hypertrophy , left and right atrial hypertrophy , the U wave ( for the first time ) , notching of the QRS , ventricular premature beats , ventricular bigeminy , atrial flutter and complete heart block are all described .
Einthoven W. Le telecardiogramme .
Arch Int de Physiol 1906 ;4:132-164 ( translated into English .
Am Heart J 1957;53:602-615 )
1906 Cremer records the first oesophageal electrocardiogram which he achieved with the help of a professional sword swallower .
Oesophageal electrocardiography later developed in the 1970s to help differentiate atrial arrhythmias .
He also records the first fetal electrocardiogram from the abdominal surface of a pregnant woman .
Cremer .
Ueber die direkte Ableitung der Aktionströme des menslichen Herzens vom Oesophagus und über das Elektrokardiogramm des Fötus .
Munch .
Med. Wochenschr .
1906;53:811
1907 Arthur Cushny , professor of pharmacology at University College London , publishes the first case report of atrial fibrillation .
His patient was 3 days post - op following surgery on an " ovarian fibroid " when she developed a " very irregular " pulse at a rate of 120 - 160 bpm .
Her pulse was recorded with a " Jacques sphygmochronograph " which shows the radial pulse pressure against time - much like the arterial line blood pressure recordings used in Intensive Care today .
Cushny AR , Edmunds CW .
Paroxysmal irregularity of the heart and auricular fibrillation .
Am J Med Sci 1907 ; 133:66 -77 .
1908 Edward Schafer of the University of Edinburgh is the first to buy a string galvanometer for clinical use .
1909 Thomas Lewis , of University College Hospital , London , buys a string galvanometer and so does Alfred Cohn of Mt Sinae Hospital , New York .
Thomas Lewis publishes a paper in the BMJ detailing his careful clinical and electrocardiographic observations of atrial fibrillation .
At one point Lewis identifies a fibrillating horse 's heart using the string galvanometer 's electrocardigram recording .
He then followed the horse to the slaughterhouse , where he could visually confirm the fibrillating atrium . [ 23 ]
1909 Nicolai and Simmons report on the changes to the electrocardiogram during angina pectoris .
Nicolai DF , Simons A. ( 1909 ) Zur klinik des elektrokardiogramms .
Med Kiln 5;160
1910 Walter James , Columbia University and Horatio Williams , Cornell University Medical College , New York , publish the first American review of electrocardiography .
It describes ventricular hypertrophy , atrial and ventricular ectopics , atrial fibrillation and ventricular fibrillation .
The recordings were sent from the wards to the electrocardiogram room by a system of cables .
There is a great picture of a patient having an electrocardiogram recorded with the caption " The electrodes in use " .
James WB , Williams HB .
The electrocardiogram in clinical medicine .
Am J Med Sci 1910 ; 140:408-421 , 644-669
1911 Levy & Lewis demonstrate that when VF occurred during chloroform anesthesia , it was often preceded by the appearance of multiform ventricular premature beats or ventricular tachycardia . [ 23 ]
Thomas Lewis publishes a classic textbook .
The mechanism of the heart beat .
London : Shaw & Sons and dedicates it to Willem Einthoven .
1912 Einthoven addresses the Chelsea Clinical Society in London and describes an equilateral triangle formed by his standard leads I , II and III later called ' Einthoven 's triangle ' .
This is the first reference in an English article to the abbreviation ' EKG ' that I have seen .
Einthoven W. The different forms of the human electrocardiogram and their signification .
Lancet 1912(1) :853-861
Hoffman published the first ECG of ventricular fibrillation in man . [ 24 ]
1918 Bousfield describes the spontaneous changes in the electrocardiogram during angina . [ 25 ]
1920 Hubert Mann of the Cardiographic Laboratory , Mount Sinai Hospital , describes the derivation of a ' monocardiogram ' , later to be called ' vectorcardiogram ' . [ 26 ]
1920 Harold Pardee , New York , publishes the first electrocardiogram of an acute myocardial infarction in a human and describes the T wave as being tall and " starts from a point well up on the descent of the R wave " . [ 27 ]
1924 Willem Einthoven wins the Nobel prize for inventing the electrocardiograph .
1924 Woldemar Mobitz publishes his classification of heart blocks ( Mobitz type I and type II ) based on the electrocardiogram and jugular venous pulse waveform findings in patients with second degree heart block .
Mobitz W. Uber die unvollstandige Storung der Erregungsuberleitung zwischen Vorhof und Kammer des menschlichen Herzens .
( Concerning partial block of conduction between the atria and ventricles of the human heart ) .
Z Ges Exp Med 1924;41:180-237 .
1926 A doctor from the Crown Street Women 's Hospital in Sydney , who wishes to remain anonymous , resuscitates a new - born baby with an electrical device later called a ' pacemaker ' .
The doctor wants to remain anoymous because of the controversy surrounding research that artificially extends human life .
1928 Ernstine and Levine report the use of vacuum tubes to amplify the electrocardiogram instead of the mechanical amplification of the string galvanometer . [ 28 ]
1928 Frank Sanborn 's company ( founded 1917 and acquired by Hewlett - Packard in 1961 and since 1999 , Philips Medical Systems ) converts their table model electrocardiogram machine into their first portable version weighing 50 pounds and powered by a 6 - volt automobile battery .
1929 Sydney doctor Mark Lidwill , physician , and Edgar Booth , physicist , report the electrical resuscitation of the heart to a meeting in Sydney .
Their portable device uses an electrode on the skin and a transthoracic catheter .
Edgar Booth 's design could deliver a variable voltage and rate and is employed to deliver 16 volts to the ventricles of a stillborn infant .
Dr. Paul Dudley
White
1930 Wolff , Parkinson and White report an electrocardiographic syndrome of short PR interval , wide QRS and paroxysmal tachycardias .
Wolff L , Parkinson J , White PD .
Bundle branch block with short P - R interval in healthy young people prone to paroxysmal tachycardia .
Am Heart J 1930 ; 5:685 .
Later , when other published case reports are examined for evidence of pre-excitation , earlier examples of ' Wolff Parkinson White ' syndrome , which were not recognized as a clinical entity at the time , are identified .
The earliest example was published by Hoffmann in 1909 .
Von Knorre GH .
The earliest published electrocardiogram showing ventricular preexcitation .
Pacing Clin Electrophysiol .
2005 Mar;28(3) :228-30
1930 Sanders first describes infarction of the right ventricle . [ 29 ]
1931 Charles Wolferth and Francis
Wood describe the use of exercise to provoke attacks of angina pectoris .
They investigate the ECG changes in normal subjects and those with angina , but dismissed the technique as too dangerous " to induce anginal attacks indiscriminately " . [ 30 ]
1931 Dr Albert Hyman patents the first ' artificial cardiac pacemaker ' , which stimulates the heart by using a transthoracic needle .
His aim is to produce a device that is small enough to fit in a doctor 's bag and be able to stimulate the right atrial area of the heart with a suitably insulated needle .
His experiments are on animals .
His original machine was powered by a crankshaft ( it is later prototyped by a German company but is never successful ) .
" By March 1 , 1932 the artificial pacemaker had been used about 43 times , with a successful outcome in 14 cases . "
It is not until 1942 that a report of its successful short term use in Stokes - Adams attacks is presented . [ 31 ]
1932 Goldhammer and Scherf propose the use of the electrocardiogram after moderate exercise as an aid to the diagnosis of coronary insufficiency .
Goldhammer S , Scherf D. Elektrokardiographische untersuchungen bei kranken mit angina pectoris .
Z Klin Med 1932;122:134
1932 Charles Wolferth and Francis Wood describe the clinical use of chest leads .
Wolferth CC , Wood FC .
The electrocardiographic diagnosis of coronary occlusion by the use of chest leads .
Am J Med Sci 1932 ;183:30-35
1934
By joining the wires from the right arm , left arm and left foot with 5000 Ohm resistors Frank Wilson defines an ' indifferent electrode ' later called the ' Wilson Central Terminal ' .
The combined lead acts as an earth and is attached to the negative terminal of the ECG .
An electrode attached to the positive terminal then becomes ' unipolar ' and can be placed anywhere on the body .
Wilson defines the unipolar limb leads VR , VL and VF where ' V ' stands for voltage ( the voltage seen at the site of the unipolar electrode ) . [ 32 ]
1935 McGinn and White describe the changes to the electrocardiogram during acute pulmonary embolism , including the S1 Q3 T3 pattern . [ 33 ]
1938 The American Heart Association and the Cardiac Society of Great Britain define the standard positions and wiring , of the chest leads V1 - V6 .
The ' V ' stands for voltage .
Barnes AR , Pardee HEB , White PD. et al. Standardization of precordial leads .
Am Heart J 1938 ;15:235-239
1938 Tomaszewski notes changes to the electrocardiogram in a man who died of hypothermia .
Tomaszewski W. Changements electrocardiographiques observes chez un homme mort de froid .
Arch Mal Coeur 1938 ;31:525 .
1939 Langendorf reports a case of atrial infarction discovered at autopsy .
In retrospect , it could have been diagnosed by changes on the ECG . [ 34 ]
1940 Neuton Stern ( student of Lewis ) describes and names the " take off , or junction of the R - T ( S - T ) segment " as the J - point .
Am Heart J 1940 ;20:355-356 .
1942 Emanuel Goldberger increases the voltage of Wilson 's unipolar leads by 50 % and creates the augmented limb leads aVR , aVL and aVF .
When they are added to Einthoven 's three limb leads and the six chest leads , the 12 lead ECG that we know today emerges .
1942 Arthur Master standardizes the two step exercise test ( now known as the Master two - step ) for cardiac function .
Master AM , Friedman R , Dack S. The electrocardiogram after standard exercise as a functional test of the heart .
Am Heart J. 1942;24:777
1944 Young and Koenig report deviation of the P - R segment in a series of patients with atrial infarction .
Young EW , Koenig BS .
Auricular infarction .
Am Heart J. 1944;28:287 .
1947 Gouaux and Ashman describe an observation that helps differentiate aberrant conduction from ventricular tachycardia .
The ' Ashman phenomenon ' occurs when a stimulus takes place during the relative or absolute refractory period of the ventricles and the aberrancy is more pronounced .
In atrial fibrillation with aberrant conduction , this is demonstrated when the broader complexes are seen terminating a relatively short cycle that follows a relatively long one .
The QRS terminating the shorter cycle is conducted ' more aberrantly ' because it falls in the refractory period .
The aberrancy is usually of an RBBB pattern . [ 35 ]
1947 Claude Beck , a pioneering cardiovascular surgeon in Cleveland , successfully defibrillates a human heart during cardiac surgery .
The patient is a 14 year old boy - 6 other patients have failed to respond to the defibrillator .
His prototype defibrillator follows experiments on defibrillation performed on animals by Carl J. Wiggers , professor of physiology at the Western Reserve University . [ 36 ]
1948 Rune Elmqvist , Swedish engineer who had trained as a doctor but never practiced , introduces the first ink jet printer for the transcription of analog physiological signals .
He demonstrates its use in the recording of ECGs at the First International Congress of Cardiology in Paris in 1950 .
The machine ( the mingograph ) was developed by him at the company that later became Siemens .
( Luderitz , 2002 )
1949 Montana physician Norman Jeff Holter develops a 75 pound backpack that can record the ECG of the wearer and transmit the signal .
His system , the Holter Monitor , is later greatly reduced in size , combined with tape / digital recording and used to record ambulatory ECGs . [ 37 ]
1949 Sokolow and Lyon propose diagnostic criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy i.e. LVH is present if the sum of the size of the S wave in V1 plus the R wave in V6 exceeds 35 mm . [ 38 ]
1950 John Hopps , a Canadian electrical engineer and researcher for the National Research Council , together with two physicians ( Wilfred Bigelow , MD of the University of Toronto and his trainee , John C. Callaghan , MD ) show that a coordinated heart muscle contraction can be stimulated by an electrical impulse delivered to the sino - atrial node .
The apparatus , the first cardiac pacemaker , measures 30 cm , runs on vacuum tubes and is powered by household 60 Hz electrical current . [ 39 ]
1953 Osborn , while experimenting with hypothermic dogs , describes the prominent J ( junctional ) wave , often known as the " Osborn wave " .
He found the dogs were more likely to survive if they had an infusion of bicarbonate and supposed the J wave was due to an injury current caused by acidosis .
Osborn JJ .
Experimental hypothermia : respiratory and blood pH changes in relation to cardiac function .
Am J Physiol 1953;175:389 .
Osborn wave .
81 - year - old black male with BP 80/62 and temperature 89.5 degrees F ( 32 C ) .
1955 Richard Langendorf publishes the " rule of bigeminy " whereby ventricular bigeminy tends to perpetuate itself .
Langendorf R , Pick A , Winternitz M. Mechanisms of intermittent ventricular bigeminy .
I . Appearence of ectopic beats dependent upon the length of the ventricular cycle , the " rule of bigeminy . " circulation 1955 ; 11:442 .
Paul Zoll
1956 Paul Zoll , a cardiologist , uses a more powerful defibrillator and performs closed - chest defibrillation in a human . [ 40 ]
1957 Anton Jervell and Fred Lange - Nielsen of Oslo describe an autosomal recessive syndrome of long - QT interval , deafness and sudden death later known as the Jervell - Lange - Nielsen syndrome . [ 41 ]
1958 Professor Ake Senning , of Sweden , places the first implantable cardiac pacemaker designed by Rune Elmqvist into a 43 - year - old patient with complete heart block and syncope ( Arne Larsson ) .
1959 Myron Prinzmetal describes a variant form of angina in which the ST segment is elevated rather than depressed . [ 42 ]
1960 Smirk and Palmer highlight the risk of sudden death from ventricular fibrillation ; particularly when ventricular premature beats occur at the same time as the T wave .
The ' R on T ' phenomenon .
Smirk FH , Palmer DG .
A myocardial syndrome , with particular reference to the occurrence of sudden death and of premature systoles interrupting antecedent T waves .
Am J Cardiol 1960 ; 6:620 .
1963 Italian pediatrician C. Romano and Irish pediatrician O. Conor Ward ( the following year ) independently report an autosomal dominant syndrome of long - QT interval later known as the Romano - Ward syndrome . [ 43 ] [ 44 ]
Robert Bruce
1963 Robert Bruce and colleages describe their multistage treadmill exercise test , later known as the Bruce Protocol .
" You would never buy a used car without taking it out for a drive and seeing how the engine performed while it was running , " Bruce says , " and the same is true for evaluating the function of the heart . " [ 45 ] [ 46 ]
1963 Baule and McFee are the first to detect the magnetocardiogram , the electromagnetic field produced by the electrical activity of the heart .
The method can detect the ECG without the use of skin electrodes .
Although potentially a useful technique , it has never gained clinical acceptance , partly because of its expense . [ 47 ]
1966 Mason and Likar modify the 12 - lead ECG system for use during exercise testing .
The right arm electrode is placed at a point in the infraclavicular fossa medial to the border of the deltoid muscle , 2 cm below the lower border of the clavicle .
The left arm electrode is placed similarly on the left side .
The left leg electrode is placed at the left iliac crest .
Although this system reduces the variability in the ECG recording during exercise , it is not exactly equivalent to the standard lead positions .
The Mason - Likar lead system tends to distort the ECG with a rightward QRS axis shift , a reduction in R wave amplitude in lead I and aVL , and a significant increase in R wave amplitude in leads II , III and aVF . [ 48 ]
1966 François Dessertenne of Paris publishes the first case of ' Torsade de pointes ' Ventricular Tachycardia . [ 49 ]
1968 Journal of Electrocardiography , the Official Journal of the International Society for Computerized Electrocardiology and the International Society of Electrocardiology , is founded by Zao and Lepeschkin .
1968 Henry J. L. " Barney " Marriott MD , FACP , FACC introduces the modified CL [ 1 ] ( " MCL " ) system ( M for modified , C for chest and L for left arm ) for constant monitoring of patients in coronary intensive care units . [ 50 ] [ 51 ] [ 52 ] [ 53 ]
1969 Rosenbaum reviews the classification of ventricular premature complexes and adds a benign form that arises from the right ventricle and is not associated with heart disease .
This becomes known as the ' Rosenbaum ventricular extrasystole ' . [ 54 ]
1974 Jay Cohn , of University of Minnesota Medical School , describes the ' syndrome of right ventricular dysfunction in the setting of acute inferior wall myocardial infarction ' . [ 55 ]
1974 Gozensky and Thorne introduce the term ' Rabbit ears ' to electrocardiography .
Rabbit ears describe the appearence of the QRS complex in lead V1 with an rSR ' pattern ( good rabbit ) being typical of Right Bundle Branch Block and an RSr ' ( bad rabbit ) suggesting a ventricular origin i.e. ventricular ectopy / tachycardia . [ 56 ]
1976 Erhardt and colleagues describe the use of a right - sided precordial lead in the diagnosis of right ventricular infarction which has previously been thought to be electrocardiographically silent . [ 57 ]
1982 Hein J. J. Wellens , et al. first described two electrocardiographic patterns that were predictive of tight , critical stenosis of the proximal left anterior descending ( LAD ) coronary artery and were subsequently termed Wellens ' syndrome . [ 58 ]
69 - year - old black male ; no chest pain ; troponin 0.17 ng/ mL. " Baseline " ( top ) .
Current ( bottom ) two years later ; Wellens ' warning .
1988 Professor John Pope Boineau of Washington University School of Medicine publishes a 30 - year perspective on the modern history of electrocardiography . [ 59 ]
Pedro Brugada
1992 Pedro Brugada and Joseph Brugada of Barcelona publish a series of 8 cases of sudden death , Right Bundle Branch Block pattern and ST elevation in V1 - V3 in apparently healthy individuals .
This ' Brugada Syndrome ' may account for 4 - 12 % of unexpected sudden deaths and is the commonest cause of sudden cardiac death in individuals aged under 50 years in South Asia .
The technology of the electrocardiogam , which is over 100 years old , can still be used to discover new clinical entities in cardiology . [ 60 ]
1992 Cohen and He describe a new non-invasive approach to map cardiac electrical activity accurately by using the surface Laplacian map of the body surface electrical potentials . [ 61 ]
The last generation of ECG equipment .
Image courtesy of General Electric
1993 Robert Zalenski , Professor of Emergency Medicine , Wayne State University , Detroit , and colleagues publish an influential article on the clinical use of the 15 - lead ECG which routinely uses V4R , V8 and V9 in the diagnosis of acute coronary syndromes .
Like the addition of the 6 standardised unipolar chest leads in 1938 , the addition of the three new leads increases the sensitivity of the electrocardiogram in detecting myocardial infarction . [ 62 ]
1999 Researchers from Texas show that 12 - lead ECGs transmitted via wireless technology to hand - held computers is feasible and can be interpreted reliably by cardiologists . [ 63 ]
2000 Physicians from the Mayo Clinic describe a new hereditary form of Short QT syndrome associated with syncope and sudden death , that they discovered in 1999 .
Several genes have since been implicated . [ 64 ]
2005 Danish cardiologists report the successful reduction in the time between onset of chest pain and primary angioplasty when the ECG of patients is transmitted wirelessly from ambulance to the cardiologist 's handheld PDA ( Personal Digital Assistant ) .
The clinician can make an immediate decision to redirect patients to the catheter lab , saving time in transfers between hospital departments . [ 65 ]
2008 Dr. Haïssaguerre et al. study ECGs from patients with idiopathic ventricular fibrillation and find that patients with early repolarization on their ECG ( elevation of the QRS - ST junction of at least 0.1 mV from baseline , which is usually considered a benign finding ) is associated with a doubled risk of ICD ( implantable cardioverter defibrillator ) shock during follow up . [ 66 ]
2010 Dr. Sinner et al. studied ECGs in the general population .
13.1 % of these had an early repolarization pattern , which was associated with a 2 - 5 fold risk of sudden death among individuals between 35 and 54 years of age . [ 67 ]
References
Error fetching PMID 4495389 :
Error fetching PMID 1266713 :
Error fetching PMID 3063766 :
Error fetching PMID 1309182 :
Error fetching PMID 1487281 :
Error fetching PMID 8470834 :
Error fetching PMID 10502225 :
Error fetching PMID 11173780 :
Error fetching PMID 16226101 :
Error fetching PMID 14434946 :
Error fetching PMID 12177632 :
Error fetching PMID 9799216 :
Error fetching PMID 14352386 :
Error fetching PMID 13309666 :
Error fetching PMID 4956181 :
Error fetching PMID 13435203 :
Error fetching PMID 18107386 :
Error fetching PMID 15433219 :
Error fetching PMID 14158288 :
Error fetching PMID 14136838 :
Error fetching PMID 14070531 :
Error fetching PMID 5261245 :
Error fetching PMID 14045992 :
Error fetching PMID 3653124 :
Error fetching PMID 4189497 :
Error fetching PMID 4810018 :
Error fetching PMID 18463377 :
Error fetching PMID 16991467 :
Error fetching PMID 6121481 :
Error fetching PMID 20668657 :
Gilbert W. De Magnete , magneticisique corporibus , et de magno magnete tellure .
1600 [ Gilbert ] Browne , Sir Thomas .
Pseudodoxia Epidemica : Or , enquiries Into Very Many Received Tenents , and Commonly Presumed Truths .
1646 : Bk II , Ch. 1 . London [ Browne ] Descartes R. De Homine ( Treatise of Man ) ; 1662 : Moyardum & leffen , Leiden . [ Descartes ] Bancroft , E . An essay on the natural history of Guiana , London : T. Becket and P. A. de Hondt , 1769 .
[ Bancroft ]
Walsh , J . On the electric property of torpedo : in a letter to Ben. Franklin .
Phil . Trans .
Royal Soc. 1773;63:478-489 [ Walsh ] Abildgaard , Peter Christian .
Tentamina electrica in animalibus .
Inst Soc Med Havn .
1775 ; 2:157-61 . [ Abildgaard ] Matteucci C. Sur un phenomene physiologique produit par les muscles en contraction .
Ann Chim Phys 1842;6:339-341 [ Matteucci ] Bird G. Lectures on Electricity and Galvanism , in their physiological and therapeutical relations , delivered at the Royal College of Physicians , in March , 1847 ( Wilson & Ogilvy , London , 1847 ) [ Bird ] Hoffa M , Ludwig C. 1850 .
Einige neue versuche uber herzbewegung .
Zeitschrift Rationelle Medizin , 9 : 107- 144 [ Hoffa ] Hoffa M , Ludwig C. 1850 .
Einige neue versuche uber herzbewegung .
Zeitschrift Rationelle Medizin , 9 : 107- 144 [ Hoffa ] Vulpian A. 1874 .
Notes sur les éffets de la faradisation directe des ventricules du coeur chez le chien .
Arch . Physiol .
Norm . Path .
6 : 975 – 82 [ Vulpian ] Waller AD .
A demonstration on man of electromotive changes accompanying the heart 's beat .
J Physiol ( London ) 1887;8:229-234 [ Waller ] Waller AD .
A demonstration on man of electromotive changes accompanying the heart 's beat .
J Physiol ( London ) 1887;8:229-234 [ Waller ] Error fetching PMID 16991467 : [ McWilliam1 ] McWilliam JA . Electrical stimulation of the heart in man .
1889 .
Br. Med. J. 1 : 348 [ McWilliam2 ]
Burch GJ .
On a method of determining the value of rapid variations of a difference potential by means of a capillary electrometer .
Proc R Soc Lond ( Biol ) 1890;48:89-93 [ Burch ] Bayliss WM , Starling EH .
On the electrical variations of the heart in man .
Proc Phys Soc ( 14th November 1891 ) in J Physiol ( London ) 1892;13:lviii-lix [ Bayliss1 ]
Bayliss WM , Starling EH .
On the electromotive phenomena of the mammalian heart .
Proc R Soc Lond 1892;50:211-214 [ Bayliss2 ]
Einthoven W. Über die Form des menschlichen Electrocardiogramms .
Pfügers Archiv march 1895 , p 101 - 123 [ Einthoven2 ]
Ader C.
Sur un nouvel appareil enregistreur pour cables sous - marins .
C R Acad Sci ( Paris ) 1897;124:1440-1442 [ Ader ]
Prevost JL , Batelli F : Sur quelques effets des descharges electriques sur le coeur des mammiferes .
Acad . Sci. Paris , FR. : 1899 ; 129:1267-1268 . [ Prevost ] Einthoven W. Un nouveau galvanometre .
Arch Neerl Sc Ex Nat 1901 ;6:625-633 [ Einthoven3 ]
Einthoven W. Galvanometrische registratie van het menschilijk electrocardiogram .
In : Herinneringsbundel Professor S. S. Rosenstein .
Leiden : Eduard Ijdo , 1902:101-107 [ Einthoven4 ]
Hay J. Bradycardia and cardiac arrhythmias produced by depression of certain functions of the heart .
Lancet 1906 ; 1:138-143 . [ Hay ] Levy AG , Lewis T. Heart irregularities , resulting from the inhalation of low percentages of chloroform vapour , and their relationship to ventricular fibrillation .
1911 .
Heart 3 : 99 – 112 [ Lewis ] Lewis T. Auricular fibrillation : a common clinical condition .
BMJ 1909 ; 2:1528 . [ Lewis ] Hoffman A. Fibrillation of ventricles at the end of an attack of paroxysmal tachycardia in man .
1912 .
Heart 3 : 213– 18 [ Hoffman ] Bousfield G. Angina pectoris : changes in electrocardiogram during paroxysm .
Lancet 1918 ; 2:475 [ Bousfield ] Mann H. A method of analyzing the electrocardiogram .
Arch Int Med 1920;25:283-294 [ Mann ] Pardee HEB .
An electrocardiographic sign of coronary artery obstruction .
Arch Int Med 1920 ;26:244-257 [ Pardee ] Ernstine AC , Levine SA .
A comparison of records taken with the Einthoven string galvanomter and the amplifier - type electrocardiograph .
Am Heart J 1928;4:725-731 [ Ernstine ] Sanders , A.O. Coronary thrombosis with complete heart block and relative ventricular tachycardia : a case report , American Heart Journal 1930 ;6:820-823 . [ Sanders ] Wood FC , Wolferth CC , Livezey MM. Angina pectoris .
Archives Internal Medicine 1931;47:339 [ Wood ] Hyman AS .
Resuscitation of the stopped heart by intracardial therapy .
Arch Intern Med. 1932;50:283 [ Hyman ] Wilson NF , Johnston FE , Macleod AG , Barker PS .
Electrocardiograms that represent the potential variations of a single electrode .
Am Heart J. 1934;9:447-458 . [ Wilson ] McGinn S , White PD .
Acute cor pulmonale resulting from pulmonary embolism : its clinical recognition .
JAMA 1935 ; 114:1473 . [ McGinn ] Error fetching PMID 14352386 : [ Langendorf ] Gouaux JL , Ashman R. Auricular fibrillation with aberration simulating ventricular paroxysmal tachycardia .
Am Heart J 1947;34:366-73 . [ Gouaux ]
Beck CS , Pritchard WH , Feil SA : Ventricular fibrillation of long duration abolished by electric shock .
JAMA 1947 ; 135 : 985-989 . [ Beck ] Holter NJ , Generelli JA .
Remote recording of physiologic data by radio .
Rocky Mountain Med J. 1949;747-751 . [ Holter ] Error fetching PMID 18107386 : [ Sokolow ] Error fetching PMID 15433219 : [ Bigelow ]
Error fetching PMID 13309666 : [ Zoll ]
Error fetching PMID 13435203 : [ Jervell ]
Error fetching PMID 14434946 : [ Prinzmetal ]
Error fetching PMID 14158288 : [ Romano ]
Error fetching PMID 14136838 : [ Ward ] Error fetching PMID 14070531 : [ Bruce1 ]
Error fetching PMID 5261245 : [ Bruce2 ]
Error fetching PMID 14045992 : [ Baule ] Error fetching PMID 3653124 : [ Papouchado ]
Error fetching PMID 4956181 : [ Dessertenne ] Marriott HJL .
Marriott ’s Workshop in Electrocardiography .
1st ed. Oldsmar : Tampa Tracings , 1972 , p.12 [ Marriott1 ] Marriott HJL .
ECG / PDQ .
Baltimore : Williams & Wilkins , 1987 , p.10 [ Marriott2 ] Marriott HJL .
Practical Electrocardiography .
8th ed. Baltimore : Williams & Wilkins , 1988 , p.10 & p.120 [ Marriott3 ] Marriott HJL .
Fogg E : Constant monitoring for cardiac dysrhythmias and blocks .
Volume XXXIX , No. 6 : Modern Concepts of Cardiovascular Disease 39:103 ; June 1970 . [ Marriott4 ]
Error fetching PMID 4189497 : [ Rosenbaum ] Error fetching PMID 4810018 : [ Cohn ] Error fetching PMID 4495389 : [ Gozensky ] Error fetching PMID 1266713 : [ Erhardt ] Error fetching PMID 6121481 : [ Wellens ] Error fetching PMID 3063766 : [ Boineau ]
Error fetching PMID 1309182 : [ Brugada ] Error fetching PMID 1487281 : [ He ] Error fetching PMID 8470834 : [ Zalenski ] Error fetching PMID 10502225 : [ Pettis ] Error fetching PMID 11173780 : [ Gussak ]
Error fetching PMID 16226101 : [ Clemmensen ] Error fetching PMID 18463377 : [ Haiss ] Error fetching PMID 20668657 : [ Sinner ] Du Bois - Reymond , E. Untersuchungen über thierische Elektricität .
Reimer , Berlin : 1848 . [ Dubois ] Waller AD. Introductory Address on The Electromotive Properties of the Human Heart .
Brit .
Med J , 1888 ;2:751-754 [ Waller2 ]
Chauveau MA . De La Dissociation Du Rythme Auriculaire et du Rythme Ventriculaire .
Rev. de Méd. Tome V. - Mars 1885 : 161-173 . [ Chauveau ] Einthoven W. Le telecardiogramme .
Arch Int de Physiol 1906 ; 4:132-164 [ Einthoven ] Marey EJ .
Des variations electriques des muscles et du couer en particulier etudies au moyen de l'electrometre de M Lippman .
Compres Rendus Hebdomadaires des Seances de l'Acadamie des sciences 1876;82:975-977 [ Marey ]
Error fetching PMID 12177632 : [ Marquez ] Error fetching PMID 9799216 : [ Hurst ] Wiggers CJ , Wegria R. Ventricular fibrillation due to single localized induction in condenser shock supplied during the vulnerable phase of ventricular systole .
Am J Physiol 1939 ; 128:500 [ Wiggers ]
All Medline abstracts : PubMed | HubMed
“ It ’s all in the permanent record , ” Dr. Cooper said , smiling .
A big man with a streetwise charm , Mr. Liautaud delivered the commencement address last year , wearing a T - shirt , blue jeans and cowboy boots .
He implored the students not to emulate his own academic and behavioral missteps .
Image Mr. Liautaud donated $ 1 million to his alma mater and insisted that the Liautaud - Lyons Upper School bear Mr. Lyonss name .
Credit ...
Alex Romanovsky / DLA
Architects
Among students at Elgin Academy , Mr. Liautaud is regarded as something of a hero .
One of them , Christopher Theodorou , 18 , said he ordered food from a local Jimmy John ’s restaurant for seven straight days after learning about the donation , a gesture of pride and gratitude .
“ And besides , ” Mr. Theodorou said , “ it ’s delicious . ”
Mr. Lyons , 74 , now retired , said he had spent many hours in the company of young Mr. Liautaud , often because he had violated some rule .
In those days , a disciplinary dean had a little more leeway , and Mr. Lyons was not afraid to capture a boy ’s attention by giving his arm a bit of a squeeze .
“ You would n’t get away with any of that stuff today , ” he said .
But he also had a gentleness that won over the troubled boy .
“ I would just listen , ” said Mr. Lyons , who learned that Mr. Liautaud ’s parents were going through hard financial times while their son was in school .
“ He was able to confide in me .
He was a pretty good kid .
He was just struggling to find out who he was . ”
The two men have stayed in touch .
They got together for dinner just before Christmas .
“ You have a lot of students who become successful , ” Mr. Lyons said .
“ But this is one who said thank you . ”
When the doctors told amputee Mark Lesek that the severity of his injury made him ineligible for a prosthesis , he refused to give up .
Left with nothing but his own welding and engineering business , several hundred thousands of dollars , and an indomitable spirit , the Tasmanian gentleman began the quest for an artificial arm .
First , he shopped around until he found a doctor who agreed to order an $ 80,000 prosthesis from Germany -- which eventually broke down ( but not before he shelled out $ 6,000 for repairs on the thing ) .
His next stop was the Branemark Osseointegration Centre in Sweden , where he was fitted with an $ 80,000 bolt that works as a sort of " artificial shoulder . "
Still unable to find a suitable arm , the guy teamed up with one of his employees to design and build his own lightweight magnesium " body powered " prosthesis .
But that 's not all -- he 's also working with the University of Tasmania to develop a more agile computer - controlled arm , controlled with " a cap with electrodes which will be interfaced into the computer . "
Let 's hope that all his hard work pays off -- and that he teaches those doctors a thing or two in the process .
[ Via Switched
( CNN ) --
The gale force of President Obama 's $ 787 billion economic stimulus package could breathe new life into an emerging industry : small wind turbines .
This 10 - kilowatt , 120 - foot - tall small wind turbine could fulfill the electricity needs of this household .
The bill provides a 30 percent investment tax credit to consumers who buy these turbines , which are typically used to help power homes or small businesses .
Even amid a recession , this tax credit " is going to blow the top off the market , " said Ron Stimmel , a " small - wind " advocate with the American Wind Energy Association .
The association predicts the federal subsidy could help the small - turbine market grow by 40 to 50 percent annually , a boost that would parallel the growth of the U.S. solar photovoltaic industry after a similar 2005 initiative .
Unlike the towering windmills sprouting en masse from the Western Plains , small wind turbines have a capacity of 100 kilowatts or less and are designed to operate on the consumer side of the power grid , often in combination with solar panels .
How do small wind turbines work ? »
According to the American Wind Energy Association , the United States is already the world 's leading manufacturer of small - wind technologies , holding roughly two - thirds of the world 's market share .
Last year , American companies made 98 percent of the small wind turbines sold in the United States .
To conservation - minded home or business owners , the turbines are an investment in clean energy and one way to ease America 's dependence on foreign oil .
In the right location , a 10 - kilowatt turbine could supply the entire electricity needs of an average American household .
The newly subsidized larger models can help power small businesses , farms and schools .
The wind industry is governed by the laws of physics .
The higher the wind speed , the faster the turbine spins and the more electricity is produced .
Because the output of a wind turbine also tends to increase proportionally with its distance from barriers such as trees or buildings , the most productive -- and cost - effective -- turbines sit atop tall towers erected on an acre or more of open land .
Despite this rule of thumb , there is a burgeoning movement to bring small - wind power to cities as well .
In San Francisco , California , a volunteer organization called the Urban Wind Task Force has distributed 27 wind - monitoring stations throughout the city to survey sites for potential turbine installations .
" It is true that doing wind in urban environments is a lot trickier than in rural environments , " said Johanna Partin , San Francisco 's Renewable Energy Program manager , who also coordinates the task force .
" But the reason you rarely see [ turbines in cities ] may be that we just have n't figured out how to do it yet . "
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg made headlines last August when he proposed installing wind turbines atop city bridges and skyscrapers .
He later backtracked , saying he was n't sure the project was feasible .
Some experts , citing physical and regulatory hurdles , view the urban wind movement as misconceived .
" When you get down around a house , or in and amongst a lot of trees , or around buildings , the wind resource is seriously compromised , " said Mick Sagrillo , founder of Sagrillo Power and Light , a renewable energy consultancy firm .
" All of the data that we 've seen that 's come out of any reporting or testing ... backs that up , " said Sagrillo , a 29 - year veteran of the field .
Stimmel , of the small - wind industry association , agrees .
" There are pockets of usable wind in cities , " he says , " but they 're very hard to find , and they 're a lot more limited than you might think .
It is most often not worth the time and expense . "
There are also zoning regulations and permitting requirements in many cities that pose serious challenges to wind installations .
Most experts say that city dwellers should focus their energy conservation efforts on other renewable technologies or home efficiency improvements .
San Francisco entrepreneur Todd Pelman has founded a small start - up company called Blue Green Pacific , which produces a corkscrew - shaped , roof - mounted turbine that is still in the development phase .
Pelman hopes to produce competitive amounts of electricity by capturing slower , more erratic winds , such as those blowing between tall buildings or across roofs .
He has an uphill struggle .
Less than one percent of the 10,000 small wind turbines sold last year in the United States were of Pelman 's rooftop variety .
For Pelman , harnessing the wind is more about environmentalism than profit .
" [ If ] the technology makes sense on a philosophical level , which ours will , then it is , at the very least , worthy , " he said in an e-mail interview .
" It should help us to recognize our involvement with materialism , energy and community . "
All About Alternative Energy Technology
Professional Clippers abound in the Emerald Triangle
Legalizing marijuana has become a question not if but when ( probably not in the next year but , almost certainly in the next twenty ) .
The problem for Humboldt and the Emerald Arena is societal acceptance in the form of laws means economic breakdown .
Or does it ?
Can this area capitalize on its marijuana expertise ?
According to an editorial in the Ukiah Daily Journal , it can .
The author , Janie Sheppard , speculates that economic laws as stated by Nobel Prize winner , Paul Krugman , indicate that areas of production center around areas of expertize i.e. the Netherlands and Tulips .
In other words , the North Coast , long a center for illegal grows could become a center for legal production of marijuana if it capitalizes on the specialized knowledge of its people .
One commenter to the editorial speculated , … ” a million different opportunities will rise from the end of prohibition , everything from coffee - shops , head shops , delivery services , bakeries , hydro stores , etc .
The taxes generated could be used to build our state into a self reliant super - economy . ”
Our counties already have a base of knowledgeable marijuana professionals ( yes , the word applies ) these folks could start or man small businesses .
Tourist industries , already a staple in this region could expand and small “ winery ” type grows that specialize in certain flavors or certain medicinal strains could become legal and licensed .
Taxes , licensing , following regulations and other legitimate debts will take a bite out of profits .
Costs will drop but probably not precipitously as long as other states maintain laws against production ( Worldwide legalization is ideal but not imminent . )
Conversely , though , expenses associated with illegality i.e. money used to conceal production , lawyer fees , etc. will drop .
If we start a conversation now on how to work within the probable new laws ( and even work to ensure the new laws do n’t result in financial catastrophe for areas of the Emerald Arena ) , we might not just survive the change , we might flourish .
Tropical Storm Maria to avoid Mexico , Hawaii
11 hours ago ago
Sept. 29 ( UPI ) --
Although tropical activity in the Eastern Pacific has been taking a back seat compared to the Atlantic 's record pace , the basin has been active periodically and this week will be no exception .
“ All I can say now — because I am truly mystified and taken aback by this — is that someone must have sent it to me over the Internet ten years or so ago , ” Mr. Walsch wrote .
“ Finding it utterly charming and its message indelible , I must have clipped and pasted it into my file of ‘ stories to tell that have a message I want to share . ’
I have told the story verbally so many times over the years that I had it memorized ... and then , somewhere along the way , internalized it as my own experience . ”
In a telephone interview , Mr. Walsch , 65 , who said he regularly gave 10 to 20 speeches a year , said he had been retelling the anecdote in public as his own for years .
“ I am chagrined and astonished that my mind could play such a trick on me , ” he said .
Mr. Walsch — whose first book in the series “ Conversations With God : An Uncommon Dialogue , ” published in 1996 by Putnam , a unit of Penguin Group USA , spent 139 weeks on The New York Times hardcover nonfiction best - seller list — added that he would never deliberately copy another writer ’s words without attributing them .
“ It ’s not like I ’m trying to find an audience or trying to impress anybody with my writing , ” he said .
Image Candy Chand Credit ...
Janis Eckard
Ms. Chand said in a telephone interview that she did not believe Mr. Walsch ’s explanation .
“ If he knew this was wrong , he should have known it was wrong before he got caught , ” she said .
“ Quite frankly , I ’m not buying it . ”
Ms. Chand said that she had seen others take credit for writing the story twice in church newsletters , but that this was the first time she had seen a professional appropriate her words .
“ I have strong issue with anyone who would appear to plagiarize my work and pretend it is his own , ” she said .
“ That takes away from the truth of the material , it takes away from the miracle that occurred , because people begin to question what they can believe anymore .
A series of captioned photos from Reuters over the past few days in the ongoing conflict in the Gaza Strip proves that the news organization employs editors that are either as politically biased or as technically incompetent as those they fired after Reuters photographer Adnan Hajj was exposed for Photoshopping images during the 2006 Israeli conflict with Hezbollah in southern Lebanon .
At least four Reuters photos released over the weekend purported to show Israeli aircraft deploying weapons against Hamas targets , when the photos clearly show that the helicopters and fighter aircraft were actually dropping flares to thwart possible surface - to - air missile attacks .
***
Actual scene : F - 16 fighter , single flare
Reuters caption : “ An Israeli F - 16 fighter jet flies over the northern Gaza Strip after deploying a weapons system January 3 , 2009 .
Israeli forces bombed the Gaza Strip from the air and sea on Saturday , and desperate residents of the Palestinian enclave sheltered in their homes as the offensive entered a second week . ”
Actual scene : AH - 64
Apache helicopter , single flare
Reuters caption : “ An Israeli Apache gunship flies over the northern Gaza Strip after firing a weapons system January 4 , 2009 .
Israeli soldiers and Palestinian militants battled in Gaza on Sunday after Israeli troops and tanks invaded the coastal enclave in the most serious fighting in the conflict in decades . ”
Actual scene : AH - 64
Apache helicopter , three flares
Reuters caption : “ An Israeli Apache helicopter flies over the northern Gaza Strip after firing a weapons system January 4 , 2009 .
Israeli tanks and infantry battled Hamas fighters in the Gaza Strip on Sunday in a ground offensive launched after eight days of deadly air strikes failed to halt the Islamist group ’s rocket attacks on Israel . ”
Actual scene : AH - 64 Apache helicopter , multiple flares
Reuters caption : “ An Israeli Apache gunship flies over the northern Gaza Strip after firing a weapons system January 4 , 2009 .
Israeli soldiers and Palestinian militants battled on Gaza City ’s outskirts on Sunday after Israeli troops and tanks invaded the coastal enclave in the worst fighting in the conflict in decades . ”
***
This deception is particularly heinous considering that Hajj ’s retouching of a photo of an Israeli F - 16 and labeling defensive flares as offensive weapons was one of the reasons that he and a Reuters photo editor were fired and more than 900 of Hajj ’s photos were withdrawn by Reuters in 2006 .
There is simply no excuse for a Reuters photo editor to again allow such deception , considering the high - profile disinformation that stung that organization in 2006 .
Captions created by Palestinian photojournalists with an obvious pro-Hamas bias are being furthered without competent editorial oversight by a news organization that has been caught fabricating anti-Israeli propaganda on multiple occasions .
Two Reuters employees were fired in disgrace the last time the news organization was caught with its bias too nakedly exposed .
Obviously , the lesson was not learned .
Powell said that Obama had run a completely new kind of campaign when it came to race .
“ Shirley [ Chisholm ] was a wonderful woman , and I admire Jesse [ Jackson ] and all of my other friends in the black community , ” he said , “ but I think Obama should not be just — well , ‘ They were black , and he ’s black , therefore they ’re his predecessor . ’
“ Here ’s the difference in a nutshell , and it ’s an expression that I ’ve used throughout my career — first black national - security adviser , first black chairman of the Joint Chiefs , first black Secretary of State .
What Obama did , he ’s run as an American who is black , not as a black American .
There ’s a difference .
People would say to me , ‘ Gee , it ’s great to be the black Secretary of State , ’ and I would blink and laugh and say , ‘ Is there a white one somewhere ?
I am the Secretary of State , who happens to be black . ’
Make sure you understand where you put that descriptor , because it makes a difference .
And I faced that throughout my career .
You know , ‘ You ’re the best black lieutenant I ’ve ever seen . ’
‘ Thank you very much , sir , but I want to be the best lieutenant you ’ve ever seen , not the best black lieutenant you ’ve ever seen . ’
Obama has not shrunk from his heritage , his culture , his background , and the fact that he ’s black , as other blacks have .
He ran honestly on the basis of who he is and what he is and his background , which is a fascinating background , but he did n’t run just to appeal to black people or to say a black person could do it .
He ’s running as an American . ”
I asked Powell if Obama ’s election would signal the rise of a “ post- racial ” period in American history .
“ No ! ” he said .
“ It just means that we have moved farther along the continuum that the Founding Fathers laid out for us two hundred and thirty - odd years ago .
With each passing year , with each passing generation , with each passing figure , we move closer and closer to what America can be .
But , no matter what happens in the case of Senator Obama , there are still a lot of black kids who do n’t see that dream there for them . ”
8
A few weeks before Election Day , as Obama widened his lead over McCain , I visited New Orleans .
The last time I was there , the city had been underwater .
Since then , Katrina had obliterated what remained of George Bush ’s reputation and promised to shadow the Presidential race of 2008 .
Obama had pledged to run a fifty - state campaign , but even his enormous war chest would not pay for futility .
Louisiana is rarely a scene of Presidential campaigning , and the state went for Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
Nevertheless , African - Americans in New Orleans — in Treme , in Mid-City , in the Lower Ninth — watched Obama ’s campaign obsessively .
They were listening to Tom Joyner , on WYLD ; Michael Baisden , on KMEZ ; Jamie Foxx , on Sirius .
On Canal Street , venders sold the same Obama T - shirts that I ’d seen on 125th Street in Harlem .
The most popular paired Obama and Martin Luther King .
Kids who normally would be wearing oversized throwback sports jerseys wore Obama shirts instead .
There were Obama signs in the windows of barbershops , seafood and po’boy joints , and people ’s homes .
One night , I went out for a beer with Wendell Pierce , a New Orleanian who made his name as an actor playing the homicide cop Bunk Moreland on the HBO series “ The Wire . ” Pierce is in his mid-forties .
His parents ’ neighborhood , Pontchartrain Park , was washed away in Katrina , and he has spent months trying to redevelop the area .
Pierce picked me up on Canal Street : he is built like a fireplug and has a double - bass voice .
We drove to Bullet ’s , a working - class bar on A. P. Tureaud Avenue , in the Seventh Ward .
There we met Mike Dauphin , a Vietnam veteran , who sat at our table for a long time talking about his childhood in Jim Crow New Orleans , riding in the back of the bus and going to segregated schools and working at American Can and U.S. Steel .
When Katrina came , he was sheltered first at a hospice and then , with thousands of others , at the Convention Center , downtown , “ where we had almost no water or food for five days . ”
He could hardly wait to vote , and he was talking in the same terms as so many older people around town : “ I never dreamed in my lifetime that I would see a black man as President of the United States .
I was a kid growing up under Jim Crow .
We could n’t drink out of the same water faucet — but now it seems that America has changed . ”
Yet you also heard from many people a great wariness , a kind of defense against white self - congratulation or the impression that somehow Obama ’s election would automatically transform the conditions of New Orleans and the country .
In Treme , a neighborhood adjacent to the French Quarter and arguably the oldest black community in the country , I met Jerome Smith , a veteran of the Freedom Rides in Alabama and Mississippi .
These days , Smith runs youth programs at Treme Community Center .
On a sunny fall afternoon , we sat on the steps of a former funeral home on St. Claude Avenue that was now operating as the Backstreet Cultural Museum , an apartment - size collection of artifacts from the black bands that played Mardi Gras and second - line parades .
“ Obama winning the Presidency breaks a historical rhythm , but it does not mean everything , ” Smith said .
“ His minister did not lie when he said that the controlling power in this country was rich white men .
Rich white men were responsible for slavery .
They are responsible for unbreakable levels of poverty for African - Americans .
Look at this bailout today , which is all about us bailing out rich white men .
And there are thousands of children from this city who have gone missing from New Orleans .
Who will speak for them ?
Obama ?
Illustration by Barry Blitt Illustration by Barry Blitt
“ Obama is the recipient of something , but he did not stand in the Senate after he was elected and say that there is a significant absence in this chamber , that he was the only African - American and this is wrong .
He is no Martin Luther King , he is no Fannie Lou Hamer ” — who helped found the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party , in 1964 .
“ He is a man who can be accommodated by America , but he is not my hero , because a politician , by nature , has to surrender .
Where the problems that afflict African - Americans are concerned , Obama ca n’t go for broke .
And the white people — good , decent white people — who voted for him just ca n’t understand .
They do n’t have to walk through the same misery as our children do . ”
Smith was angry but , as an activist contemplating a mainstream leader , not entirely misguided .
It ’s inevitable that euphoria will fade .
The commemorations will fade .
And what will remain is a cresting worldwide recession , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a crumbling infrastructure , a rickety , unjust health - care system , melting polar ice caps — to say nothing of the crisis that comes from out of nowhere .
Colin Powell said that , after a prolonged period in which American prestige abroad has dwindled , Obama would have a “ honeymoon period , ” which will give him an opportunity to “ move forward on a number of foreign - policy fronts .
“ That is also something that will perish or diminish over time , as he faces problems and crises , ” Powell continued .
“ If the excitement of the first black President is great , it ’ll diminish if he does n’t do something about the economy , or the economy worsens , or if we suddenly find ourselves in a crisis .
As Joe Biden inarticulately said the other day , ‘ Something ’s coming along . ’
No one knows what it is .
. . .
The next President will be challenged , and how the President responds to that challenge will be more important than what his race happens to be at that moment .
But , for the initial period of an Obama Presidency , there will be an excitement , an electricity around the world that he can use . ”
9
Forty - nine years ago , a young woman named Charlayne Hunter graduated third in her class from Henry McNeal Turner High School , in those days the most prestigious high school for African - Americans in Atlanta .
Charlayne wanted to be a journalist .
The University of Georgia had the strongest journalism program in the state , but the university did not accept blacks .
Segregation was not something that teen - agers thought to battle in 1959 , so Charlayne started making other plans , applying to schools in the Midwest .
Yet something was happening in the South : sparked by incidents like Rosa Parks ’s historic refusal in Montgomery and the rise of young preachers like Martin Luther King in Atlanta , a movement was developing .
And so , at the urging of some black leaders in town , Charlayne and Turner High School ’s valedictorian , Hamilton Holmes , challenged segregation at the University of Georgia by sending in applications for admission .
Their applications were soon rejected .
Then a legal team led by the N.A.A.C.P. ’s Constance Baker Motley , and including such young lawyers as Vernon Jordan , championed their case , and , two years later , a U.S. District Court judge ruled that Charlayne Hunter and Hamilton Holmes were indeed qualified for admission to the University of Georgia and must be allowed to matriculate without delay .
They started school in Athens in the winter of 1961 .
For months , they heard racist taunts as they walked to class .
Charlayne had bricks hurled through her windows .
But she and Holmes stayed on and they studied and made many friends , and their case became yet another landmark of the civil - rights movement , along with the marches in Selma and Montgomery — and the church bombings and the beatings , and the murders of Medgar Evers and Martin Luther King still to come .
Over the past four decades , Charlayne Hunter - Gault , as she has been known for many years , has worked at this magazine , at the Times , for PBS , and for NPR , for which she is now a reporter living in Johannesburg .
She is sixty - six .
When it was becoming clear a few weeks ago that Barack Obama was on his way to winning the Presidency , we had a series of exchanges about the election .
Hunter - Gault was especially impressed by the young Senator ’s calm when the political and personal attacks came ; she said that it reminded her of what her own family , and the families of so many activists in the civil - rights movement , had instilled in their children as a code of behavior .
“ Try as I can , I am unable to separate my civil - rights past from my present as a journalist because both of my lives converge at this moment , ” she wrote in one note , “ because without the movement I would n’t be where I am today , and neither would Barack Obama .
But because of the movement I was not one of those who thought , Not in my lifetime , not least because I had seen and felt the power of young people , with only their convictions as weapons , tear down the walls of the decades - long system of segregation .
And for the first time since the movement I saw a new generation of young people fighting in the same way for change that would bring back the idealism that fuelled our struggles in the streets . ”
Her sense of triumph , though , was not without anxiety .
“ Anyone who lived through the civil - rights movement with the threats we were exposed to ( in my case , mobs outside my otherwise all - white dormitory shouting ‘ Kill the nigger ’ ) , and with the losses we suffered — Andrew Goodman , James Chaney , Michael Schwerner , and then the ultimate loss , our leader , Martin Luther King — and now to hear reports of people in Republican audiences responding to political attacks on Obama with words like ‘ Kill him ’ : we would be living on another planet not to worry for the young husband , father , and new President of the United States .
But , like King , who warned us that ‘ I may not be there with you , ’ we have to know that we can not be prisoners of our fears . ”
Just a few minutes before eleven last Tuesday night , when Barack and Michelle Obama and their daughters walked out on the stage at Grant Park , and everyone around was screaming , chanting , and waving flags , the long campaign came to an end .
Joy was in the faces of the people all around me , there was crying and shouting , but Obama seemed to bear a certain gravity , his voice infused not with jubilation but with a sense of the historical moment .
“ If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible , who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time , who still questions the power of our democracy , tonight is your answer , ” he began .
Obama had done it one last time .
Having cast himself in Selma twenty months ago as one who stood on the “ shoulders of giants , ” as the leader of the Joshua generation , he hardly had to mention race .
It was the thing always present , the thing so rarely named .
He had simultaneously celebrated identity and pushed it into the background .
“ Change has come to America , ” Obama declared , and everyone in a park remembered until now as the place where , forty summers ago , police did outrageous battle with antiwar protesters knew what change had come , and that — how long ?
too long — it was about damned time . ♦
More agents will be sent to patrol America 's border with Mexico
The US government is to increase security at the country 's border with Mexico in an attempt to combat drug cartels , the White House has announced .
Immigration , customs and anti-drug agents and gun law enforcement officers will be reinforced as part of a $ 700 m ( £ 475 m ) undertaking .
Barack Obama pledged his administration would do more to support Mexico in its fight against drugs cartels if needed .
Some 8,000 have died in Mexico in the past two years in drug gang turf wars .
The south - west US has also seen rising violence and kidnappings .
In a news conference at the White House , the US president said he would be carefully watching to see what effect the $ 700 m plan had on the situation , vowing to do more if necessary .
The money will come out of funds already allocated by the US Congress to assist Mexico in its fight against the drug cartels .
Gun crackdown Agents from the Department of Homeland Security , the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) will be sent to the border to region to help deal with the issue .
See the Mexican cartels ' main areas of influence Border Enforcement Security Task Forces ( BEST ) teams will be doubled and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) is to create a special south - west intelligence group to co-ordinate all its efforts to tackle Mexican drug - related crime .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
ATF is to send 100 agents to the border within 45 days to crack down on illegal gun transfers from the US into Mexico .
Mexico 's government will also receive five helicopters and a surveillance aircraft as part of the scheme .
" I believe the Mexican government will not fail , " said US Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
" And I believe our role is to assist in this battle because we have our own security interests in its success . "
Failed state warning Earlier this year , a study by the US Department of Defence warned that Mexico was in danger of becoming a failed state because of the drug gangs .
Ms Napolitano said she had not ruled out sending National Guard troops to the border region , and said she would meet Texas Governor Rick Perry to discuss the possible deployment .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will travel to Mexico on Wednesday for the first of a series of high - level meetings between the two governments .
President Barack Obama is also expected to visit Mexico in the coming weeks .
Gang - related violence claimed the lives of some 6,000 people in 2008 and so far this year more than 1,000 have been killed as gangs fight both one another for territory and the police and troops sent to tackle them .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About 50,000 students in Ontario will head back to class Monday now that a 12 - week strike at York University is officially over .
The nearly three - month long job action ended Thursday morning after Queen 's Park passed back - to - work legislation .
The vote passed at around 10:15 a.m. with only eight members out of 61 voting against the bill .
The new law will be given Royal Assent by 4 p.m .
" Ontario wants us to move forward now , " Liberal Premier Dalton McGuinty said shortly after the bill passed its third reading .
" The arbitrator will move quickly and work with parties in the best possible way and students are going back to the classroom . "
Dozens of striking faculty members picketed outside the legislature in a last - ditch attempt to convince the government the back - to - work bill is the wrong step to take in ending the job action .
Members of CUPE 3903 were hoping McGuinty would urge York 's administration to go back to the negotiating table .
Instead , the premier decided to table the bill , insisting the two sides are at a fierce deadlock that can only be overcome through binding arbitration .
" We worked as hard as we could to bring the two sides together and put students back in the classroom while working towards fairness , " he said .
He also said the students have been " remarkably patient " in dealing with the strike .
Students have been out of school since Nov. 6 when about 3,400 contract faculty , teaching and graduate assistants walked off the job , in hopes of negotiating a new contract that offers improved job security and benefits .
Tyler Shipley , spokesperson for the members of CUPE 3903 , said he was angry about the new bill .
" We are quite frankly disgusted by what 's taken place here , " he told CTV Toronto outside Queen 's Park .
Outstanding issues
CUPE officials backed off their threat to challenge the back - to - work legislation in court .
A spokesperson for the union said members decided not to make the situation harder on the students than it already has been .
Members of the opposition slammed the Liberals , accusing the party of mishandling the situation .
Progressive Conservative MP
Peter Shurman told McGuinty he should have acted sooner to get students back to class .
NDP Leader Howard Hampton on the other hand , accused the premier of being insensitive the needs of contract staff at the school who do the same job as tenured teachers but still need to reapply for their jobs every year .
He said the legislation sends a strong message to those involved in labour negotiations .
" All you have to do is stall , stall and stall and the McGuinty government will come in and sweep everything under the carpet with back - to - work legislation , " he said .
McGuinty said all outstanding issues will now be resolved through binding arbitration .
" We acknowledge that there are outstanding issues , " he said .
" I expect it will be resolved sooner rather than later in a way that is fair to both sides . "
Student debt
For some students , the strike has already done some significant damage to their year .
Reading week has been cancelled , the winter semester is being compressed and the school year is expected to be extended past April .
Many students who depend on the Ontario Student Assistant Program will have to apply for additional loans to pay for extended accomodations .
The Liberals have said those loans will be made available to students .
Tory MPP Jim Wilson questioned how much that will help students who are already facing debt .
" This is simply adding to student debt , " he said in legislature Thursday .
" By refusing to take quick action now , ( the Liberals ) are making an awful situation even worse .
Why add to their debt ?
Can you at least make that debt interest free ? "
John Milloy , minister of training colleges and universities , said York students were offered the same thing during a strike at the school in 2001 when the Conservatives were in power .
" We will be provinding a suite of assistance to them and those details will come forward , " he said .
York University is Canada 's third - largest university .
This is the longest - running strike in any English - speaking Canadian university in history .
With a report from CTV Toronto's Ken Regular
Pat Robertson on if Christians should study the Koran :
Kelly , it wo n’t be wrong if somebody studies Islam , but they need guided study , because somebody needs to go along and point out the incredible inconsistencies in that book .
And if you have a guided study of the Koran and see how much in there is just repetitious , how much comes out of the Old Testament and the New Testament , how much is just plagiarism from the Bible , etc . ?.
Do you want to secure your audience ’s attention and not bore them ?
Powerpoints do n’t have to be boring ; they can be an excellent source of valuable information .
You do n’t have to be a PowerPoint wiz to learn these tips , but you can look like you are a Powerpoint pro .
Want to learn how to keep your audience from being bored during your presentation ?
Then continue reading to learn the five simple Powerpoint presentation tips to keep your audience engaged .
1. Keep it Short and Sweet
No one likes information overload .
If you are doing a Powerpoint presentation , try to keep your information condense and focussed .
This way , your audience can digest what is going on without falling behind or feeling overwhelmed .
Additionally , cut any fluff .
Elimination of unnecessary or repetitive points allows your presentation to be laser focussed and optimized , so no moment during your presentation is time wasted .
2. Add a Nice Template for Design Flair
Nothing is plainer or eye - ball searing than a stark white background .
Jazz it up a bit with a custom template and give your presentations some flair .
To do this , go to Themes > Edit Master > Slide Master > and then edit whatever template you want .
Then , once you are complete with your customization , select Close Master .
Adding your personality to a template makes the process more friendly and enjoyable , while also giving your colleagues an idea of your taste and style .
3. Do n’t Be Afraid of Add - Ins
PowerPoint offers a wide variety of add -ins that can enhance your presentations .
Select File > Options >
Add - Ins to add whatever feature you want to PowerPoint .
With various options , you can turn your presentation into something more .
Add -Ins are great for adding a new layer of depth to your content , and you can search to find the right add - in for your presentation ’s needs .
Some of the most popular add -ins include Upslide and Epsillion .
Both provide different layouts and integration within your PowerPoint .
As far as Upslide vs Epsillion , that is up to your personal preference .
4. Make Your Title Pop
A catchy title is a key to an excellent presentation , and there are many ways to make your title pop and stand out .
To format your text , right - click on the text you wish to edit .
From there , select Format Text Effects .
You will see a wide variety of formatting and effect options that can give your title more prominence .
Select whichever one you think best fits within the right of your presentation .
You can also edit subheadings , bullet points , or whatever text you want to make more prominent within your PowerPoint .
5. Know Your Stuff
So , you ’ve spent all of this time formatting your presentation to look its best .
Now , it ’s time to rehearse and know your stuff .
Keep your audience engaged with beautiful visuals alongside concise information and be confident in your delivery .
Practice makes perfect , and the key to understanding your material is to rehearse and learn the best way to present it .
The Best PowerPoint Presentation Tips
With these five PowerPoint presentation tips , you will own that conference room and give the best presentations ever .
No longer will your audience be bored , but instead engaged with your excellent information delivered cleanly and professionally .
Want to learn more about business and technology ?
Feel free to check out our website for more information .
Advertisements
The latest “ evidence ” that the right wing is using to proclaim to President Barack Obama a failure is the state of the stock market .
Their explanation is that Obama ’s economic policies are causing the market to plummet , but is this wise move when the president is popular and Wall St. is n’t ?
Here is a video compilation of their remarks courtesy of ThinkProgress
Advertisements
Of course , The Wall Street Journal parroted this line today , by calling Obama ’s budget , a declaration of hostility against capitalists , “ The market has notably plunged since Mr. Obama introduced his budget last week , and that should be no surprise .
The document was a declaration of hostility toward capitalists across the economy .
Health - care stocks have dived on fears of new government mandates and price controls .
Private lenders to students have been told they ’re no longer wanted .
Anyone who uses carbon energy has been warned to expect a huge tax increase from cap and trade .
And every risk - taker and investor now knows that another tax increase will slam the economy in 2011 , unless Mr. Obama lets Speaker Nancy Pelosi impose one even earlier . ”
No one should be surprised by this rhetoric .
What is really going on with the markets is that the bill is coming to do for all of the high living that they did during the housing bubble .
The reality is that the Obama administration has been too slow on mortgage relief , as was the Bush administration .
The dilemma of how to get banks to lend is a question that all sides are wrestling with right now .
To say that the market is solely reacting to Obama ’s policies is a gross oversimplification .
Obama is not driving the market down .
Continuing bad economic news is what is propelling this downward spiral .
One only has to watch CNBC for a day to see this .
The hostility towards capitalism argument is straight out of the Republican Party .
The reality is that the market is going to keep crying until they get what they want .
They want the taxpayer to buy all of their bad assets .
It is silly to blame the market decline on Obama , because the market lost 40 % of its value in the last year of the Bush administration .
The market is n’t behaving in a partisan way , no matter how much Republicans try to spin it .
The stock market does n’t change based who the president is .
The only way Obama could fix the market is if he announced tomorrow morning that he is clearing all the bad assets off the corporate books .
That would lead to a 500 or more point jump in the market .
The hypocrisy on the right is stunning .
They want smaller government and less spending unless that money is going to corporate America .
They have no problem with giving trillions for bad assets , but it is socialism is the money is spent on real people who are struggling .
The political reality is that Obama is too popular for this argument to work , but the right is grasping at anything to attack the administration with .
“ The next four months may prove to be a rolling transition for the nation ’s estimated 1,700 local TV stations , ” The New York Times reported last week .
Now the Federal Communications Commission is confirming that , as expected , the digital TV switch will occur as scheduled for hundreds of stations .
According to the F.C.C. , almost 500 local stations have indicated that they will start broadcasting solely in digital next Tuesday , the date of the original digital TV transition .
Already , 190 stations — including all those in Hawaii — have turned off their analog signals .
Most stations are broadcasting in both formats until the deadline .
Legislation passed by Congress last week allowed stations to broadcast in analog form until June 12 , a four - month extension of the original deadline .
The legislation permitted some stations to turn off their analog signals before June , meaning that some stations in a given market will be switching before others .
Update : 5:35 p.m. : President Obama signed the bill on Wednesday , Broadcasting & Cable notes .
The research firm Stifel , Nicolaus & Company , in a note to clients , said last week that the rolling transition was “ creating the potential for some over - the - air programming disruption and consumer confusion this month . ”
The stations owned by ABC , CBS , Fox and NBC have said they will continue to transmit an analog signal until June .
“ Stations in smaller markets are more likely to feel the added economic burden of keeping analog broadcasts for another four months , ” The Associated Press reported .
Complete lists of the stations that will turn off their analog signals are available on FCC.gov .
It also now makes sense why my attorney does n't want to lay out all the evidence on my side just yet as well .
They have my cell phone records and my witness ( thanks to me talking to the police ) , however do not have my landline records or my reciept or the couple of other witnesses I have to show I was the only one that could have made the landline call .
He keeps saying that he does n't want to lay all the cards on the table right away , not until he knows if they have anything more than her saying she saw me .
My attorney recommended that I take the polygraph as a possible way to avoid the expense of a trial .
I just never thought that I 'd actually fail it .
Based on what you all have said here , the mear fact that I was completely honest , probably coupled with the fact that I did n't get to bed until the wee hours of the morning ( I had to drive from where I am living now to there after work , which is normally about a 5 hr drive , took me almost 7 hrs that night ) and I had n't eaten anything since lunch the day before probably did me in .
Yes , there were some of those control questions in there .
A couple were " have I ever stolen anything before " and " have I ever lied to anyone before " .
He also had me deliberatly lie on all the questions during one part of the session .
He asked each question twice .
The first time I was to tell the truth , then I was supposed to lie .
Did n't make a whole lot of sense to me .
What 's the point if I know he knows I 'm lying because I 'm being asked to ?
I would love to take them to court to re-coup the money I have spent ( $ 3 K so far , and that 's just legal fees , it does n't include all the back and forth and time off work ) .
I 'm told those cases are extremely difficult to win though .
I would have to PROVE they completely made this up to target me .
How do I do that ?
How do I prove that she did n't see someone in her driveway , or that I never wrote that letter , or that a pillow case was n't stolen , or that no one boke into their house ?
Thank you for the videos George .
Wow , learned something .
I did talk to the police over the phone a couple of times before finally getting an attorney .
I basically just told him I was n't there and gave him my friend 's name and number .
The last time he called me was to tell me that he was going to pull the records on my cell phone for my whereabouts during the time period .
I told him to go ahead .
This information was in the police report , which completely supports what I told him , which is why I was completely surprised when I learned I was still going to be arraigned .
I was never actually called in for questioning .
It was interesting because on the police report it mentions the reason for me not getting called in was because I had retained an attorney .
Makes sense now .
It also now makes sense why my attorney does n't want to lay out all the evidence on my side just yet as well .
They have my cell phone records and my witness ( thanks to me talking to the police ) , however do not have my landline records or my reciept or the couple of other witnesses I have to show I was the only one that could have made the landline call .
He keeps saying that he does n't want to lay all the cards on the table right away , not until he knows if they have anything more than her saying she saw me .
My attorney recommended that I take the polygraph as a possible way to avoid the expense of a trial .
I just never thought that I 'd actually fail it .
Based on what you all have said here , the mear fact that I was completely honest , probably coupled with the fact that I did n't get to bed until the wee hours of the morning ( I had to drive from where I am living now to there after work , which is normally about a 5 hr drive , took me almost 7 hrs that night ) and I had n't eaten anything since lunch the day before probably did me in .
Yes , there were some of those control questions in there .
A couple were " have I ever stolen anything before " and " have I ever lied to anyone before " .
He also had me deliberatly lie on all the questions during one part of the session .
He asked each question twice .
The first time I was to tell the truth , then I was supposed to lie .
Did n't make a whole lot of sense to me .
What 's the point if I know he knows I 'm lying because I 'm being asked to ?
I would love to take them to court to re-coup the money I have spent ( $ 3 K so far , and that 's just legal fees , it does n't include all the back and forth and time off work ) .
I 'm told those cases are extremely difficult to win though .
I would have to PROVE they completely made this up to target me .
How do I do that ?
How do I prove that she did n't see someone in her driveway , or that I never wrote that letter , or that a pillow case was n't stolen , or that no one boke into their house ?
As apposite as this tale of Boy Scouts and firearms training might be , it ’s purely a fabrication and not an excerpt from a real interview .
It began circulating on the Internet in 1999 as a quote attributed to an “ LTG Reinwald ” of the U.S. Army , it reappeared in 2001 attributed to “ Marine Corps General Reinwald , ” and it came back in 2007 in a version featuring Australian general Peter Cosgrove .
When this item initially appeared in 1999 , the U.S. Army denied that there was a Lieutenant General Reinwald among their ranks and chalked the whole thing up as a hoax .
( Which is as logic dictated all along : if an armed forces spokesperson gave voice to a sexist remark likening a female interviewer to a prostitute in a public interview , that officer would soon be called upon to make a very public apology as well as face charges within ranks for conduct unbecoming . )
National Public Radio had this to say about the matter :
We are aware of an erroneous story posted on the Free Republic Website , and possibly elsewhere , which mentions a supposed interview between an unnamed NPR reporter and a U.S. Army Lieutenant General Reinwald .
The story is false — the dialogue mentioned was not an NPR interview , and it never aired on any NPR program .
Those who support gun rights and believe responsible gun ownership begins with teaching young people the right way to handle firearms at an early age have a great fondness for this story .
As well they should , because this anecdote illustrates in a humorous way the difference between having the ability to do something and allowing that ability to dictate one ’s life choices .
The “ General Reinwald ” story existed in joke form as far back as October 1997 , when it appeared on a number of web pages in the following form :
Excerpt from a recent live radio interview on one of the regional Welsh stations :
A female newscaster is interviewing the leader of a Youth club : Interviewer : So , Mr. Jones , what are you going to do with these children on this adventure holiday ?
Mr Jones :
We ’re going to teach them climbing , abseiling , canoeing , archery , shooting … Interviewer : Shooting !
That ’s a bit irresponsible is n’t it ?
Jones : I do n’t see why , they ’ll be properly supervised on the range .
Interviewer :
Do n’t you admit that this is a terribly dangerous activity to be teaching children ?
Jones : I do n’t see how , we will be teaching them proper range discipline before they even touch a firearm .
Interviewer :
But you ’re equipping them to become violent killers .
Jones :
Well , you ’re equipped to be a prostitute but you ’re not one are you ?
Needless to say , the interview was terminated almost immediately .
Notice the differences that have taken place between the two tellings :
“ Abseiling ” has been taken out of the Americanized version ( probably because whoever altered the text did n’t know it was a rock climbing term meaning rappelling down rock faces ) .
A Welsh youth club leader called simply Mr. Jones has been transformed into a named Lieutenant General in the U.S. army .
Welsh children ( presumably boys and girls ) have become American Boy Scouts .
A regional Welsh radio station has become the National Public Radio in the United States .
If there ’s still any doubt someone took a joke set in Wales and changed details to Americanize it , look to the Reinwald version given in the example .
Although the term “ adventure holiday ” is common in Britain , it ’s an unlikely term for an American general to use .
( Looks like whoever altered the text missed that one . )
No anecdote is so good that it cannot be improved upon , and that appears to be what happened here .
To give the story its proper “ oomph , ” having the telling remark issue from a mere youth club leader would n’t do .
But make the man with the snappy comeback a Lieutenant General in the U.S. Army , and the story becomes ever so much more tellable .
The key element of the Reinwald legend has appeared in other tales .
Observe the form it took in this gender - switched version collected in 2000 , which was presented as a joke and not as an event that actually happened :
NEWSMAKER INTERVIEW :
Newly elected Republican National Committee Chairman Michael S. Steele plans an “ off the hook ” public relations offensive to attract younger voters , especially blacks and Hispanics , by applying the party ’s principles to “ urban - suburban hip - hop settings . ”
The RNC ’s first black chairman will “ surprise everyone ” when updating the party ’s image using the Internet and advertisements on radio , on television and in print , he told The Washington Times .
Having been elected to the job that the Bush White House and its political guru , Karl Rove , once denied him , Mr. Steele is running the show his way .
To those who claimed he can’t make the trains run on time , he has this message : “ Stuff it . ”
He stiff - armed an attempt to get him to elaborate on his public relations effort , saying he would be an idiot to give his opponents too much information , but indicated the Republican Party needs to break out of being considered a regional party .
See related story : GOP surpasses Dems on Twitter
” There was underlying concerns we had become too regionalized and the party needed to reach beyond our comfort ” zones , he said , citing defeats in such states as Virginia and North Carolina .
“ We need messengers to really capture that region - young , Hispanic , black , a cross section …
We want to convey that the modern - day GOP looks like the conservative party that stands on principles .
But we want to apply them to urban - surburban hip - hop settings . ”
But , he elaborated with a laugh , “ we need to uptick our image with everyone , including one - armed midgets . ”
“ Where we have fallen down in delivering a message is in having something to say , particularly to young people and moms of all shapes - soccer moms , hockey moms , ” he said , though he insisted that party messages wo n’t be different strokes for different folks .
“ We do n’t offer one image for 18 - year - olds and another for soccer moms but one that shows who we are for the 21st century . ”
Mr. Steele , the former lieutenant governor of Maryland and former state Republican Party chairman , defeated four rivals in the sixth round of voting on Jan. 30 to become chairman of the 168 - member RNC .
At the end of 2006 , after Republicans lost their House and Senate majorities , Mr. Rove nixed a growing movement among RNC members - state Republican Party chairmen and elected national committee members - to elect Mr. Steele as their next chairman .
Mr. Rove subsequently left the White House to work for Fox News , and with President Bush on his way out of the Oval Office , the RNC was free to choose its own chairman instead of rubber - stamping the choice of a Republican White House .
While other former top Bush White House and campaign officials sent congratulations on his election , including former RNC Chairman Ken Mehlman , Mr. Rove neither phoned nor wrote his congratulations , Mr. Steele told The Times .
Mr. Steele said the national Republican leadership , with its emphasis on party discipline rather than developing a strong nationwide bench of candidates , put the party in the mess it now finds itself , most acutely in the Northeast .
There is not even one U.S.
House member from any of the six New England states , which have 22 seats , and the Republicans hold only three of New York ’s 29 seats .
“ We missed the mark in the past , which is why we are in the crapper now , ” he said .
“ We had the White House , the Senate and the House and were not building a farm team over the last years .
We could have been ahead of Democrats and their 50 - state strategy . ”
See related story : GOP to hound pro-stimulus Blue Dogs
Top party officials and officeholders have suggested that Mr. Steele name as deputy chairman someone who can run the national committee ’s vast operations in fundraising , communications , candidate recruitment and training , and voter identification and targeting .
“ I can run this organization just fine , ” Mr. Steele told The Times .
“ There will be no deputy chairman , period . ”
Still , the talk among some prominent senior Republicans was that Mr. Steele would need someone with “ more experience ” to provide guidance and organization .
Reminded of this , Mr. Steele told The Times : “ People who said I ca n’t make the trains run on time never gave a reason .
I say to them , ‘ Stuff it . ’ “
“ I am not afraid of being held accountable for my leadership , ” he said .
“ The idea I am somehow going to handicap myself before I begin is nuts .
I am not going to buy into this mind - set among a few people who probably have never run anything but their mouths . ”
Under Mr. Steele ’s helm , the “ old ” may seem inappropriate in the Grand Old Party ’s affectionate nickname .
He said he is putting a new public relations team into place to update the party ’s image .
“ It will be avant garde , technically , ” he said .
“ It will come to table with things that will surprise everyone - off the hook . ”
Does that mean cutting - edge ?
“ I do n’t do ‘ cutting - edge , ’ “ he said .
“ That ’s what Democrats are doing .
We ’re going beyond cutting - edge . ”
Mr. Steele has begun weekly meetings with Senate and House Republicans to coordinate strategy , message , policy and tactics but has no intention of trying to give marching orders to Republican members of Congress and their leaders .
“ Part of it is being in the same room with them so they hear you , and you resonate to their thinking and strategy , ” he said .
” My goal is to listen and to share , when appropriate , insights , ” Mr. Steele said .
“ I think I can be helpful from a political grass - roots and messaging perspective . …
I do n’t plan to dictate policy under any circumstance .
What I can do is tell them how the party base feels about the policies they will have to confront , like the stimulus bill . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- A 162 - page list naming thousands of presumed victims of alleged fraud mastermind Bernard Madoff has been released by the trustee that is liquidating Madoff 's investment company .
Bernard Madoff is under 24 - hour house arrest in his Upper East Side luxury apartment .
The densely typed list includes multinational banks , unions , charitable foundations , Madoff 's attorney , Madoff 's relatives and , possibly , celebrities .
Notables on the list include Columbia University , the International Brotherhood of Teamsters Local 1249 Pension Fund , The Elie Wiesel Foundation , John Denver Enterprises and Fred Wilpon , the owner of the New York Mets .
Individuals on the list include John Malkovich and Sandy Koufax .
However , it has not been confirmed that those on the list are actually the actor and the baseball Hall of Famer , respectively .
Seventy - year - old Madoff is under 24 - hour house arrest in his Upper East Side luxury apartment , with $ 10 million bail placed against his home , as well as his wife 's residences in Montauk , New York , and Palm Beach , Florida .
He faces one charge of securities fraud in connection with an international scheme that has cost some investors their life savings .
Madoff estimated that investors lost $ 50 billion , according to the criminal complaint against him .
If convicted , he could face up to 20 years in prison and a $ 5 million fine .
-- CNN's Emily Anderson and Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report .
All About Bernard Madoff • John Malkovich
Premierul a explicat , vineri seara , despre reducerea sau eliminarea mai multor sporuri , prime sau stimulente acordate functionarilor publici , care “ împovareaza bugetul ” .
“ Când vorbim de eliminarea unor sporuri , nu ne referim la cele din Codul Muncii , a explicat Boc .
Spre exemplu , sporul de vechime , de munca pe timp de noapte sau cel pentru ore suplimentare .
Acesta din urma poate fi acordat si sub forma de ore libere ” .
Emil Boc a prezentat si o serie de sporuri care vor fi eliminate .
Unul dintre exemple , cel de 75 la suta , pentru personalul care lucreaza la absorbtia de fonduri europene . ”
Legea spune ca acesta poate fi cuprins între 50 si 100 la suta .
Acest spor va putea ajunge la 75 la suta , dar va fi acordat doar persoanelor care au legatura directa cu atragerea de fonduri europene , doar pe baza de performanta , care sa se materializeze cu atragerea de fonduri europene .
Daca nu , primesc doar salariul de baza ” , a spus premierul .
Vor fi eliminate si sporurile pentru cei care utilizeaza o limba straina , daca aceasta este una dintre conditiile de lucru .
Indemnizatia de audit public , de 25 la suta , va fi si ea eliminata , în timp ce indemnizatia de conducere , de 55 la suta , va trebui evaluata dupa conditiile de eficienta .
Sporul de antena de 10 la suta va fi acordat doar în situatia în care e un pericol real care ameninta sanatatea unor functionari .
Acest spor va fi acordat doar pe baza de masuratori .
“ Nu vom putea fi la fel de generosi ca în anii trecuti , a declarat Emil Boc , vorbind despre stimulente .
Sunt salarii de 20 , 30 de milioane de lei vechi , însa venitul lunar ajunge la 100 de milioane ” .
Potrivit lui Boc , cheltuielile cu personalul s-au dublat în perioada 2005 - 2008 , când au aparut 162 de mii de posturi noi .
Cele mai multe au fost în administratia centrala - 50 de mii de posturi .
Premierul a prezentat si o lista cu diferentele între venituri si salarii , la directori generali din ministere , în luna noiembrie 2008 .
Ministerul Comunicatiilor -2051 -12426
Ministerul Agriculturii-3656-11963
Ministerul Economiei-3589-18964
Ministerul Afacerilor Externe-5494-16180
Ministerul Sînatatii-3656-10936
IMM -5485-4964
Ministerul Culturii-5656 -8690
Ministerul de Finante-2051 -15570
Ministerul Muncii-2051-14538
“ Primii care trebuie sa dea semne de solidaritate sunt cei care au beneficiat de generozitatea banului public ” , a decretat Emil Boc .
Sursa : Gandul
James Miller was filming a documentary in Rafah
The family of a British cameraman shot dead in Gaza in 2003 have accepted a reported £ 1.5 m payout from Israel .
James Miller , 34 , from Devon , was filming a documentary when he was shot dead in the town of Rafah .
His family , who have said he was shot by a soldier , said it was " probably the closest ( we ) will get to an admission of guilt on the part of the Israelis " .
An Israeli inquiry cleared a soldier of firearms misuse but a UK inquest later ruled Mr Miller was unlawfully killed .
' Evidence ' claim
The sum the family accepted was about £ 1.5 m , according to a report on the website of Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz .
It said : " Following lengthy legal discussions , Israel recently paid approximately £ 1.5 m in damages to the family of British cameraman James Miller , who was killed in Rafah in May 2003 . "
The family refused to confirm the figure but said in a statement : " The family of James Miller confirm that they have agreed to accept a settlement from the Israeli government in connection with the death of their son .
" They say that after five - and - a - half years they accept that this is probably the closest they will get to an admission of guilt on the part of the Israelis . "
His family have said there is clear evidence he was killed by an Israeli soldier .
In footage of the killing , Mr Miller , originally from Haverfordwest , Pembrokeshire , is seen waving a white flag as he steps from a building in Gaza .
There is a shot and his colleague shouts : " We 're British journalists . "
There is then a second shot , which hits Mr Miller in the neck .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This website is being updated .
For information about the mosque and the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community please visit www.LoveForAllHatredForNone.org
Advertisements
Today on CNN ’s State of the Union program , Centcom Commander Gen . David Petraeus disagreed with former vice president Dick Cheney ’s statement that President Obama ’s national security policy has made the US safe and more vulnerable to a terrorist attack .
Petraeus also came out against the Bush torture policy .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress
Host John King asked Petraeus if he agreed with Cheney ’s view of Obama ’s national security policy .
Petraeus said , “ Well , I would n’t necessarily agree with that , John .
I think that , in fact , there is a good debate going on about the importance of values in all that we do .
I think that , if one violates the values that we hold so dear , that we jeopardize — well , in fact , I put out a memorandum to the soldiers in the Multinational Force - Iraq , when I was the commander , because of concern that we may not be taking some of these seriously enough .
As you know , the field manual came out , from the Army , that is used by all of the different services that completely , clearly outlaws torture .
So we think for the military , in particular , that ca n’t — that ’s a line that ca n’t be crossed . ”
Advertisements
Cheney has defended the torture policy as essential , but Petraeus disagrees .
This is the same Dick Cheney that praised Gen.
Petraeus as a man of candor and integrity after Moveon.org ran the infamous General Betray us ad .
In September 2007 Cheney said of Petraeus while speaking in Kansas City that he admired the , “ integrity and candor that Gen. Petraeus showed in his hearings before Congress , ” and he added that “ the attacks on him by MoveOn.org in ad space provided at subsidized rates in the New York Times last week were an outrage . ”
The Bush administration used Petraeus to buy time and political cover for their Iraq policy , but Petraeus ’s own methodology is much closer to the Obama policy that it is to Bush / Cheney .
It does seem as if Cheney has become the deposed ruler grumbling in exile across the Potomac River .
Petraeus is correct to disagree with Cheney ’s statements .
When Petraeus talks about perceptions , and reinforcing American values , this is something Bush and Cheney never cared for .
They thought that military might was all that matter , and this view had disastrous results for the country .
Islamist militants in Pakistan blew up a bridge through the mountainous Khyber Pass early on Tuesday , severing a key supply route for US and NATO troops in Afghanistan .
Periodic attacks on the route have pushed the international forces to seek alternative ones outside Pakistan .
All traffic on the bridge has come to a halt , The Press Trust of India reports , including dozens of supply trucks bound for US and NATO forces .
The bridge connects Peshawar , the largest city in the Northwest Frontier Province , with the Khyber Pass , the primary route into Afghanistan .
Militants have harassed NATO supply lines in northwest Pakistan for several months , conducting ambushes on convoys and attacking truck depots in Peshawar itself , according to the news service .
It says Tuesday 's bridge attack may be a result of increased security at supply depots .
The Associated Press reports that the bridge is about 15 miles northwest of Peshawar .
A NATO spokesman in Afghanistan confirmed that supplies along the route had been halted " for the time being , " but stressed the alliance was in no danger of running out of food , equipment or fuel ....
It was not immediately clear whether supply convoys could reach Afghanistan through alternative routes in the region , nor how long it would take to rebuild it .
The Khyber Pass is one of two routes into Afghanistan from Pakistan , according to Reuters .
The other connects the Pakistani province of Baluchistan with the southern Afghan city of Kandahar .
While the military provides few specifics of its supply operation , observers believe most of the supplies travel through the Khyber Pass , says Reuters .
The U.S. military and NATO have not given details of the supplies they get via Pakistan or a breakdown of how much comes on the two routes .
The U.S. Defense Department says the U.S. military sends 75 percent of supplies for the Afghan war through or over Pakistan , including 40 percent of fuel .
Pakistani customs officials say under normal circumstances about 300 trucks with Western force supplies travel through the Khyber Pass crossing at Torkham every day , compared with about 100 through the Chaman crossing .
With the US planning to expand its Afghan operations , Tuesday 's bridge attack highlights the need for secure supply routes .
US planners say they are actively looking for routes that avoid Pakistan 's volatile border areas .
There are 36,000 American soldiers currently stationed in Afghanistan , where they are training Afghan security forces and doing battle with a Taliban insurgency against the government of US ally Hamid Karzai .
There are plans to add as many of 30,000 additional troops to that total , reports Agence France - Presse .
Last week , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates indicated that as many as 12,000 could be in place by summer .
Reuters reports that US Central Command chief David Petraeus said last month that NATO had reached an agreement to transport supplies into northern Afghanistan through Russia and Central Asia , but would not provide specifics .
Probable routes would bring supplies through Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , and Uzbekistan .
The bridge bombing follows more than a week of heavy bloodshed in Pakistan 's increasingly lawless northwest that has claimed more than 80 civilian lives in nine days , according to the BBC .
Fighting has been focused on the Swat Valley , where Al Jazeera reports that more than 20,000 people have fled their homes due to fighting .
Wajid Ali Khan , a provincial minister , has said " the fighting in the valley has made it almost impossible for civilians to stay there " .
Government forces and other state employees are bearing the brunt of many attacks by Fazlullah loyalists , Kamal Hyder , Al Jazeera 's correspondent in Pakistan , said .
The decapitated bodies of policemen - complete with notes warning the authorities of further such attacks - have become a common sight on streets in Swat , Hyder said .
The Pakistani military says it killed 35 Taliban - allied militants in overnight fighting on Monday , according to the BBC .
Local residents say more than 40 civilians were killed in the crossfire between government forces and insurgents .
Also on Monday , John Solecki , a US official with the UN High Commission for Refugees , was abducted while on his way to work in Quetta , the capital of Baluchistan Province .
The New York Times reports that he is the first Westerner targeted in the city in recent memory .
Baluchistan is home to several separatist groups with no history of attacks on foreign targets , but the province also has a small Taliban presence .
While the identity of Solecki's abductors is so far unclear , they are believed to be Taliban .
God
Tell us your stories of churches and religion ( or lack thereof ) .
Let the smiting begin !
Question suggested by Supersonic Electronic
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:00 ) Tell us your stories of churches and religion ( or lack thereof ) .
Let the smiting begin ! ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:00 )
Let 's get it out of the way
A message to the believers :
No , ID does not have sound arguments , and its claims are bogus .
In no sense are they comparable to naturalistic claims such as one finds within evolutionary biology .
No , evolution is not " just a theory " .
No , there is no reason at all to respect your beliefs .
You , perhaps .
Your beliefs , not so .
No , scientific uncertainty does not mean that we ought to listen to every single hypothesis .
Some are clearly wrong .
No , you do n't have a right to your beliefs .
If they turn out to be mistaken , you have a duty to ditch them ; and a person does not wrong you by correcting your errors .
No , your failure to come up with an explanation of the world that does not include god is not evidence for the existence of god ; it is evidence of your ignorance .
No , the persistence of religious belief is not evidence that there must be something behind it .
No , the belief in god is not a prerequisite of morality .
To the agnostics :
No , sitting on the fence does not indicate humility and open - mindedness .
It indicates intellectual barrenness .
Grow up .
To the atheists : do n't think you get off .
You happen to be correct , but that is n't an excuse for being a prissy little blockhead - and being correct counts for nothing if it 's not for the right reasons .
You could get that from blind luck .
No , the persistence of evil is not an argument against the existence of god .
No , the persistence of evil actions by religious people is not an argument against religion .
No , you do n't have a right to your beliefs , either .
And , finally , the hippies .
No , god is not " inside you " .
No , your claims to be a " very spiritual person " do not demonstrate that you are " profound " .
They demonstrate that you are a cretin .
No , things do not happen for " a reason " if , by " reason " , you mean something more than " mechanistic cause " .
If that is what you mean , your statement is trivial , and it does n't make you sound deep .
You are not even shallow .
It 's going to be a looooooooong week .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:12 , A message to the believers : No , ID does not have sound arguments , and its claims are bogus .
In no sense are they comparable to naturalistic claims such as one finds within evolutionary biology .
No , evolution is not " just a theory " .
No , there is no reason at all to respect your beliefs .
You , perhaps .
Your beliefs , not so .
No , scientific uncertainty does not mean that we ought to listen to every single hypothesis .
Some are clearly wrong .
No , you do n't have a right to your beliefs .
If they turn out to be mistaken , you have a duty to ditch them ; and a person does not wrong you by correcting your errors .
No , your failure to come up with an explanation of the world that does not include god is not evidence for the existence of god ; it is evidence of your ignorance .
No , the persistence of religious belief is not evidence that there must be something behind it .
No , the belief in god is not a prerequisite of morality .
To the agnostics : No , sitting on the fence does not indicate humility and open - mindedness .
It indicates intellectual barrenness .
Grow up .
To the atheists : do n't think you get off .
You happen to be correct , but that is n't an excuse for being a prissy little blockhead - and being correct counts for nothing if it 's not for the right reasons .
You could get that from blind luck .
No , the persistence of evil is not an argument against the existence of god .
No , the persistence of evil actions by religious people is not an argument against religion .
No , you do n't have a right to your beliefs , either .
And , finally , the hippies .
No , god is not " inside you " .
No , your claims to be a " very spiritual person " do not demonstrate that you are " profound " .
They demonstrate that you are a cretin .
No , things do not happen for " a reason " if , by " reason " , you mean something more than " mechanistic cause " .
If thatwhat you mean , your statement is trivial , and it does n't make you sound deep .
You are not even shallow .
It 's going to be a looooooooong week . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:12 , 75 replies
Right then ...
... I 've been biting my tongue all week , but dammit if religion is n't just so absolutely vile that I just have to rant .
This is snipped from the reply that broke the camel 's back , wherein preachy atheists sicken non-preachy atheists as much preachy theists .
--
Religion is n't sweet little old ladies baking cakes to raffle for charity .
It 's ' owning ' your wife , and beating her whenever you please .
It 's 1000 Africans a day dying of aids , and some little bloke who lives in a palace objecting to them doing something that would save a lot of their lives , because the little house of cards he 's built to hide from reality in is too fragile .
It 's millions of deaths brought about squabbling over whose imaginary friend is better , and which bit of land he said you could live on .
It 's beating your 4 year old daughter to death when she has an epileptic fit because you think she has an evil spirit inside her .
Well , pardon me for being utterly sickened by it .
Pardon me for refusing to just watch something sickening happening without speaking out .
Pardon me for thinking that beliefs which can be confirmed by anyone should outweigh beliefs you just happened to find lying around in an old book .
Pardon me for not wallowing in intellectual cowardice when faced with difficult questions .
Pardon me for thinking " I do n't know , yet " is a perfectly valid answer to any question .
Pardon me for preaching instead of walking past , pretending not to notice the atrocities in plain view .
The little old ladies with their cakes - they 're a veil that is drawn over the above .
They 're the naive staff in the ' legitimate businesses ' laundering the drug money .
They 're the magnificent achievement of the Volkswagon* .
Fuck religion , fuck defending it as nothing more than a different opinion , and fuck people being indignant at having any of this pointed out to them .
* Godwin 's law be damned .
If ever there was an exception , religion is it .
( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 23:14 , ... I 've been biting my tongue all week , but dammit if religion is n't just so absolutely vile that I just have to rant .
This is snipped from the reply that broke the camel 's back , wherein preachy atheists sicken non-preachy atheists as much preachy theists .-- Religion is n't sweet little old ladies baking cakes to raffle for charity .
It 's ' owning ' your wife , and beating her whenever you please .
It 's 1000 Africans a day dying of aids , and some little bloke who lives in a palace objecting to them doing something that would save a lot of their lives , because the little house of cards he 's built to hide from reality in is too fragile .
It 's millions of deaths brought about squabbling over whose imaginary friend is better , and which bit of land he said you could live on .
It 's beating your 4 year old daughter to death when she has an epileptic fit because you think she has an evil spirit inside her .
Well , pardon me for being utterly sickened by it .
Pardon me for refusing to just watch something sickening happening without speaking out .
Pardon me for thinking that beliefs which can be confirmed by anyone should outweigh beliefs you just happened to find lying around in an old book .
Pardon me for not wallowing in intellectual cowardice when faced with difficult questions .
Pardon me for thinking " I do n't know , yet " is a perfectly valid answer to any question .
Pardon me for preaching instead of walking past , pretending not to notice the atrocities in plain view .
The little old ladies with their cakes - they 're a veil that is drawn over the above .
They 're the naive staff in the ' legitimate businesses ' laundering the drug money .
They 're the magnificent achievement of the Volkswagon * .
Fuck religion , fuck defending it as nothing more than a different opinion , and fuck people being indignant at having any of this pointed out to them .
* Godwin 's law be damned .
If ever there was an exception , religion is it . ( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 23:14 , 31 replies
Sexy Nun
Back in January it was my girlfriend Liz 's birthday .
I found myself down in Soho and accidentally went into a sex shop , as you do .
I was quite happily scanning through the skin flicks , sex aids , mags and lubes when the fella behind the counter looked up and asked if I needed any help .
" Just browsing , " I said , as I picked up a copy of Hot Butts and started * ahem * reading .
The fella shot me a disgusted look and said : " This is n't fucking Waterstones , mate . "
I shrugged and carried on with my * ahem * study .
Then I looked up and saw it .
It was as if the clouds had parted and a shaft of pure , iridescent light shone down from heaven , shot from God 's very own index finger as he sat on a cloud munching grapes , basking it in a lovely , godly glow .
There may even have been harps playing and a chorus of angels going : " Ahhhh - AA - Ahhhh - AA - Ahhhhhhhhh ! "
I walked over and picked it up off the shelf , went over to the counter , and purchased the fucker .
Liz is gonna fucking love this !
I thought .
Later that evening after I 've made Liz a birthday meal , taken her out for some birthday pints ( I 'm full of fucking class , me ) , and given her her other boring presents , I pull ' the ultimate gift ' from my bag and hand it over with a big beaming smile .
" There you go , angel , " I say , " I love you . "
And Liz looks at the box and smiles back at me .
" A sexy nun outfit ? " she asks , she starts laughing her wicked sex laugh .
" Wanna take it for a test drive ? "
REEEEEEE-SSSSS-UUUUU-LLLLL-TTTTT
!!!
And , if I do say so myself , this was the sexiest fucking outfit in the world ever .
We 're talking slinky black mini dress , sluty black stockings , a peephole bra , tiny black briefs that you could swallow if you wer n't careful , a rather cheeky little wimple , and even a little crucifix on a chain .
Now , being a Catholic boy the mere concept of a sexy nun outfit gave me the raging horn .
Actually having one in my clammy hands and knowing I was going to use it with the woman I love , well , I very nearly had a stroke on the spot .
Moments later , a little bit drunk and incredibly horny , we 're getting down to some serious full assault , horny , grinding , pumping , screaming , squelching , hooting fucking - making use of the sexy nun outfit .
God , it made me feel so fucking naughty .
It really was fucking incredibly .
An almost relegious experience , you could say .
" Spanky ... "
" Spanky ... "
" SPANKY !!! "
I look up from my work .
" What , sweetheart ? "
Liz has a strange look on her face , she does n't seem to be enjoying it .
" Spanky , it 's not doing anything for me . "
Fuck !
Liz can see I 'm crestfallen .
I stop mid thrust and sort of hang round on top of her , looking pissed off .
" Sorry , " I mumble , sounding like a big fucking child who 's just had his box of toys taken away .
Liz strokes my hair and says : " You know what .
It might work better if I wear the outfit ... "
( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 9:21 , Back in January it was my girlfriend Liz 's birthday .
I found myself down in Soho and accidentally went into a sex shop , as you do .
I was quite happily scanning through the skin flicks , sex aids , mags and lubes when the fella behind the counter looked up and asked if I needed any help .
" Just browsing , " I said , as I picked up a copy of Hot Butts and started * ahem * reading .
The fella shot me a disgusted look and said : " This is n't fucking Waterstones , mate .
" I shrugged and carried on with my * ahem * study .
Then I looked up and saw it .
It was as if the clouds had parted and a shaft of pure , iridescent light shone down from heaven , shot from God 's very own index finger as he sat on a cloud munching grapes , basking it in a lovely , godly glow .
There may even have been harps playing and a chorus of angels going : " Ahhhh - AA - Ahhhh - AA - Ahhhhhhhhh !
" I walked over and picked it up off the shelf , went over to the counter , and purchased the fucker .
Liz is gonna fucking love this !
I thought .
Later that evening after I 've made Liz a birthday meal , taken her out for some birthday pints ( I 'm full of fucking class , me ) , and given her her other boring presents , I pull ' the ultimate gift ' from my bag and hand it over with a big beaming smile .
" There you go , angel , " I say , " I love you .
" And Liz looks at the box and smiles back at me .
" A sexy nun outfit ? " she asks , she starts laughing her wicked sex laugh .
" Wanna take it for a test drive ?
" REEEEEEE-SSSSS -UUUUU-LLLLL-TTTTT
!!!
And , if I do say so myself , this was the sexiest fucking outfit in the world ever .
We 're talking slinky black mini dress , sluty black stockings , a peephole bra , tiny black briefs that you could swallow if you wer n't careful , a rather cheeky little wimple , and even a little crucifix on a chain .
Now , being a Catholic boy the mere concept of a sexy nun outfit gave me the raging horn .
Actually having one in my clammy hands and knowing I was going to use it with the woman I love , well , I very nearly had a stroke on the spot .
Moments later , a little bit drunk and incredibly horny , we 're getting down to some serious full assault , horny , grinding , pumping , screaming , squelching , hooting fucking - making use of the sexy nun outfit .
God , it made me feel so fucking naughty .
It really was fucking incredibly .
An almost relegious experience , you could say .
" Spanky ... " " Spanky ... " " SPANKY !!!
" I look up from my work .
" What , sweetheart ?
" Liz has a strange look on her face , she does n't seem to be enjoying it .
" Spanky , it 's not doing anything for me . " Fuck !
Liz can see I 'm crestfallen .
I stop mid thrust and sort of hang round on top of her , looking pissed off .
" Sorry , " I mumble , sounding like a big fucking child who 's just had his box of toys taken away .
Liz strokes my hair and says : " You know what .
It might work better if I wear the outfit ... " ( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 9:21 , 18 replies
Rainbow - Coloured Booze , Fire , and Addiction
Several years ago my sister had the misfortune to fall in love with and marry a man named Kevin .
My sis had a BIG church wedding , the type of affair the Beckham 's would probably have scanned the itinery for only to say : " Fuck me , this is a bit pricey . "
Being the helpful , useful individual that I am my sister forbade me from having any involvement in the arrangements whatsoever .
All I had to do was turn up to this leafy part of West Sussex on the right day , on the right month , on the right year and stand still for a few hours .
No probs , sis .
Consider it done and dusted .
So I turn up at Kevin 's house the night before the wedding .
My sister 's off somewhere else being a big girly .
Kevin's a bit of a boring fucker so we stayed in and played on the Playstation with his little brother .
My suggestion that we go into Brighton and pick up some tarts was a complete non-fucking - starter .
And this is where my problems started .
You see , I 'm a smoker .
I fucking love it .
If I had a choice between sex and smoking I really would probably plum for the fags ( err , cigarettes , that is - not the bum love ) .
But my family do n't know I smoke .
Sounds rediculous , but quite frankly I do n't see them that often and its just easier to sneak off and have a crafty smoke , eat some mints , and tut at " those evil fucking smokers , " while secretly wanting to go and snog anyone who has so much as had a drag of a Marlborough Light .
And so begins the game of cat and mouse .
Spanky pretends to go to the off license to pick up supplies , Spanky is actually hiding in the bushes at the end of the road , sucking the life out of two cigs in a row , chomping down on some mints , and then returning back to the house .
I knew my sister 's wedding day was going to be a monumental fucking nightmare as I fought off nicotine withdrawl .
Fastforward a fair bit - its the next day , a glorious sunny Sussex afternoon , my sis and Kevin are now married .
My parents have flown in from Italy and are mulling about , the church is full of relatives and well wishers .
And I 'm sitting near the front thinking : Fuck me , I could do with a fag .
I 'm incredibly aware of the packet of ten burning a hole in my jacket pocket .
After the ceremony the assembly stands and piles out of the church , we all trail next door to the hotel where my sis is having her reception .
My mum corners me and starts asking when I 'm going to provide her with some grandchildren .
I duck out of that one and go to the bar .
Big mistake .
I ask for some lager and the fella passes me a bottle .
I go to pay him and he utters those two little words that mean so much , those two special , incredibly wonderful words .
He says :
" Free bar . "
And I 'm in paradise .
Roll on a couple of hours .
I 'm stood at the bar with Kevin 's little brother .
He seems to have become a bit of a sidekick of mine .
We 've gone through all the colours of the rainbow for the spirits on offer .
After we 've downed some bright green stuff I beckon him closer .
" Do n't tell anyone , Kevin 's - little - brother , but I 'm going for a fag , " and I put my finger to my lips and go " shhhhhhh , " and I fuck off in search of a quiet place to have a crafty cig .
And then I realise I am absolutely fucking hammered .
I can hardly fucking walk .
Thankfully , its getting dark by now .
I should n't have too much trouble finding a quiet area .
Fuck !
My auntie Maria 's grabbed me !
She wants to talk about my fucking job !
Fuck off , auntie Maria !
I make my excuses and move away .
Now , this hotel where my sister was having her reception was a big , posh place with big posh gardens .
I stagger out and away from the noise of the gathered crowd and find myself walking towards the church , over the rolling grounds .
By this stage not even the sweet smell of the whole roast suckling pig could sway my attention .
I really desperately needed a fag .
Then I walk into something on the ground and fall over .
What the FUCK is THAT ?
I ask myself .
It looked like a weird cylindrical parcel , or rather series of parcels , tied to a metal trellis of some kind .
Jesus , I 'm pissed .
I did n't even notice it .
Then , as my head clears slightly , I notice there 's quite a few of these weird objects spaced out in my vicinity .
I look back at the trellis I fell over , its laying on its side .
I pick it up and plant it back down as best as I could , and continued in my quest to find a quiet place to smoke .
Eventually I find a secluded spot behind a tree to have a fag .
Later , much later .
The dead of night .
The rain has come and everyones huddled under a balcony in the hotel gardens .
We 've eaten , we 've drunk shitloads , I 've been accused of being a sex pest by my cousins , and now its the big event .
The firework display .
Oh , fuck ...
Kevin stands infront of us and goes on about the weather , and says that the organisers are in a hurry to get the show on before the rain fucks up the entire display .
It really is hammering down , I see a group of fellas rushing round , checking shit on the ground , only they seem to be doing so far too fucking quickly .
Jesus , its only a bit of rain , well , alot of rain ...
And then , with a thunderous round of applause , the fireworks start .
Kevin 's little brother comes and stands next to me .
We watch in awed silence .
Wooooshhhh - BOOOOM !!!!
Wooooooooooossssshhhhhhhhhhhh - CRACK CRACK CRACK !!!
Suddenly a set of fireworks which just happened to be in the area where I was stumbling about earlier shoots off - but at an angle .
And three or four incredibly large and powerful fireworks slam into the side of the church just next door , just below the clock tower .
It was like something out of Desert fucking Storm .
And there 's a little bit of fire and a lot of smoke .
The display continues , but no ones looking in that direction anymore .
All eyes are glued on the church .
Oh , fuck ...
And all the way through this I kept my gob well and truly shut .
So , when it comes to being in God 's bad books , I reckon setting fire to one of his gaffs is pretty high up on the list of no - no's .
Thankfully the fire did n't last very long , but it did cause an incredible amount of damage to a three meter squared section of clock tower .
If my sister ever found out about this she would fucking kill me .
Thankfully , she was insured and that covered the cost .
And anyway , I blame the cigarette and alcohol companies - they 've made me the man I am today , not me ...
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:52 , Several years ago my sister had the misfortune to fall in love with and marry a man named Kevin .
My sis had a BIG church wedding , the type of affair the Beckham 's would probably have scanned the itinery for only to say : " Fuck me , this is a bit pricey .
" Being the helpful , useful individual that I am my sister forbade me from having any involvement in the arrangements whatsoever .
All I had to do was turn up to this leafy part of West Sussex on the right day , on the right month , on the right year and stand still for a few hours .
No probs , sis .
Consider it done and dusted .
So I turn up at Kevin 's house the night before the wedding .
My sister 's off somewhere else being a big girly .
Kevin's a bit of a boring fucker so we stayed in and played on the Playstation with his little brother .
My suggestion that we go into Brighton and pick up some tarts was a complete non-fucking - starter .
And this is where my problems started .
You see , I 'm a smoker .
I fucking love it .
If I had a choice between sex and smoking I really would probably plum for the fags ( err , cigarettes , that is - not the bum love ) .
But my family do n't know I smoke .
Sounds rediculous , but quite frankly I do n't see them that often and its just easier to sneak off and have a crafty smoke , eat some mints , and tut at " those evil fucking smokers , " while secretly wanting to go and snog anyone who has so much as had a drag of a Marlborough Light .
And so begins the game of cat and mouse .
Spanky pretends to go to the off license to pick up supplies , Spanky is actually hiding in the bushes at the end of the road , sucking the life out of two cigs in a row , chomping down on some mints , and then returning back to the house .
I knew my sister 's wedding day was going to be a monumental fucking nightmare as I fought off nicotine withdrawl .
Fastforward a fair bit - its the next day , a glorious sunny Sussex afternoon , my sis and Kevin are now married .
My parents have flown in from Italy and are mulling about , the church is full of relatives and well wishers .
And I 'm sitting near the front thinking : Fuck me , I could do with a fag .
I 'm incredibly aware of the packet of ten burning a hole in my jacket pocket .
After the ceremony the assembly stands and piles out of the church , we all trail next door to the hotel where my sis is having her reception .
My mum corners me and starts asking when I 'm going to provide her with some grandchildren .
I duck out of that one and go to the bar .
Big mistake .
I ask for some lager and the fella passes me a bottle .
I go to pay him and he utters those two little words that mean so much , those two special , incredibly wonderful words .
He says : " Free bar .
" And I 'm in paradise .
Roll on a couple of hours .
I 'm stood at the bar with Kevin 's little brother .
He seems to have become a bit of a sidekick of mine .
We 've gone through all the colours of the rainbow for the spirits on offer .
After we 've downed some bright green stuff I beckon him closer .
" Do n't tell anyone , Kevin 's - little - brother , but I 'm going for a fag , " and I put my finger to my lips and go " shhhhhhh , " and I fuck off in search of a quiet place to have a crafty cig .
And then I realise I am absolutely fucking hammered .
I can hardly fucking walk .
Thankfully , its getting dark by now .
I should n't have too much trouble finding a quiet area .
Fuck !
My auntie Maria 's grabbed me !
She wants to talk about my fucking job !
Fuck off , auntie Maria !
I make my excuses and move away .
Now , this hotel where my sister was having her reception was a big , posh place with big posh gardens .
I stagger out and away from the noise of the gathered crowd and find myself walking towards the church , over the rolling grounds .
By this stage not even the sweet smell of the whole roast suckling pig could sway my attention .
I really desperately needed a fag .
Then I walk into something on the ground and fall over .
What the FUCK is THAT ?
I ask myself .
It looked like a weird cylindrical parcel , or rather series of parcels , tied to a metal trellis of some kind .
Jesus , I 'm pissed .
I did n't even notice it .
Then , as my head clears slightly , I notice there 's quite a few of these weird objects spaced out in my vicinity .
I look back at the trellis I fell over , its laying on its side .
I pick it up and plant it back down as best as I could , and continued in my quest to find a quiet place to smoke .
Eventually I find a secluded spot behind a tree to have a fag .
Later , much later .
The dead of night .
The rain has come and everyones huddled under a balcony in the hotel gardens .
We 've eaten , we 've drunk shitloads , I 've been accused of being a sex pest by my cousins , and now its the big event .
The firework display .
Oh , fuck ... Kevin stands infront of us and goes on about the weather , and says that the organisers are in a hurry to get the show on before the rain fucks up the entire display .
It really is hammering down , I see a group of fellas rushing round , checking shit on the ground , only they seem to be doing so far too fucking quickly .
Jesus , its only a bit of rain , well , alot of rain ... And then , with a thunderous round of applause , the fireworks start .
Kevin 's little brother comes and stands next to me .
We watch in awed silence .
Wooooshhhh - BOOOOM !!!!
Wooooooooooossssshhhhhhhhhhhh - CRACK CRACK CRACK !!!
Suddenly a set of fireworks which just happened to be in the area where I was stumbling about earlier shoots off - but at an angle .
And three or four incredibly large and powerful fireworks slam into the side of the church just next door , just below the clock tower .
It was like something out of Desert fucking Storm .
And there 's a little bit of fire and a lot of smoke .
The display continues , but no ones looking in that direction anymore .
All eyes are glued on the church .
Oh , fuck ... And all the way through this I kept my gob well and truly shut .
So , when it comes to being in God 's bad books , I reckon setting fire to one of his gaffs is pretty high up on the list of no - no's .
Thankfully the fire did n't last very long , but it did cause an incredible amount of damage to a three meter squared section of clock tower .
If my sister ever found out about this she would fucking kill me .
Thankfully , she was insured and that covered the cost .
And anyway , I blame the cigarette and alcohol companies - they 've made me the man I am today , not me ... ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:52 , 8 replies
Jehovah 's Witnesses
These are great , because they believe the whole Bible is literally true .
When they knocked at the door with a 15 year - old girl in tow and me with a raging hangover , I cut to the chase .
I addressed the girl directly , and said :
" Noah 's Ark , right ?
All the animals alive today were on board .
Well , there are between five and eight million species of beetle in the world .
Noah was obviouly a man who spent a lot of his time on his hands and knees looking under logs and stones .
And he must have been more resourceful than the entire scientific community from its inception to the present day which has only identified about 350,000 of those species .
So , tell me how did Noah get five million species of beetle on the ark ? "
She thought about it for a minute , and then said :
" Maybe he only took a few species with them , and they produced all the rest . "
" A few species giving rise to a variety of species ?
We have a word for that . "
Shocked , she clasped her hand over her mouth , and gasped :
" Evolution ! "
I nodded .
She thought about it some more .
" Maybe he cross - bred the beetles to make more species . "
" Yep .
Still evolution , I 'm afraid . "
At this point the others are starting to shuffle her away from me .
" And what about freshwater fish ?
You know , the ones that die if they go in the sea ?
How much of the ark was aquarium ? "
As they ushered her off my doorstep , I saw I 'd planted the salmon of doubt .
The older woman with her did come back , and tried to convince me Jesus was an angel .
At which point I realised even she did n't know what she was talking about .
( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 10:32 , These are great , because they believe the whole Bible is literally true .
When they knocked at the door with a 15 year - old girl in tow and me with a raging hangover , I cut to the chase .
I addressed the girl directly , and said : " Noah 's Ark , right ?
All the animals alive today were on board .
Well , there are between five and eight million species of beetle in the world .
Noah was obviouly a man who spent a lot of his time on his hands and knees looking under logs and stones .
And he must have been more resourceful than the entire scientific community from its inception to the present day which has only identified about 350,000 of those species .
So , tell me how did Noah get five million species of beetle on the ark ?
" She thought about it for a minute , and then said : " Maybe he only took a few species with them , and they produced all the rest . "
" A few species giving rise to a variety of species ?
We have a word for that .
" Shocked , she clasped her hand over her mouth , and gasped : " Evolution !
" I nodded .
She thought about it some more .
" Maybe he cross - bred the beetles to make more species . " " Yep .
Still evolution , I 'm afraid .
" At this point the others are starting to shuffle her away from me .
" And what about freshwater fish ?
You know , the ones that die if they go in the sea ?
How much of the ark was aquarium ?
" As they ushered her off my doorstep , I saw I 'd planted the salmon of doubt .
The older woman with her did come back , and tried to convince me Jesus was an angel .
At which point I realised even she did n't know what she was talking about . ( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 10:32 , 9 replies
Sex & Religion
I used to enjoy chucking children off cliffs .
Granted , they were attached to a rope , and it was on outward - bounds courses in the Lake District .
But that 's all changed now , I lost this job after a rather nasty misunderstanding .
Shame , really .
I 'd been involved in running outward - bounds courses since I was in my early twenties , it was nice to get away into the fresh air and treat a bunch of kids like your the mental fucker out of the Saw movies .
Makes you feel all warm inside .
One time I found myself going away for a weekend with a bunch of teenagers and a few adults from some weird Jesus bashing brigade .
It was a little bit like being away for a weekend with the cast of Children of the Corn , they came out with some bizzare God-related bollocks .
On the first morning I was asked by several of them if I 'd " let Jesus into my life . "
I changed the subject quickly .
I had n't let Jesus into my life - he 's a shifty looking cunt .
If I let him into my life he'd probably end up squatting and turn it into a hippy commune .
It was going to be a long weekend .
But I had something else on my mind , I had an alterior motive .
One of the other * ahem * professionals was a girl named Mary , she was fucking beautiful in a rough and ready kind of way .
I 'd been away with her a few times before and had done a bit of low - level boob fondling , but nothing more .
I was desperate to bang her kidneys from the inside with my womb raider .
Fast forward to the end of the first day .
The God-botherers are having a lovely sing song round the camp fire , singing to Jesus and God and all his little helpers .
I 've had enough of this .
And so's my mate Rich , who 's helping out on the course .
We decide to venture off into the night and go and find a pub .
I ask Mary if she 'd like to tag along and she seems relieved to get away .
The three of us know the Lakes pretty well , so it does n't take us long to stroll down to the local village , find a pub , and sit down to start the important business of getting a bit pissed .
And after a bit of alcohol lubrication things start going well between Mary and I .
Very well .
Rich is suddenly as useful as a wheel on a hovercraft .
When Mary gets up for a piss I suggest to Rich that he might be getting in the way : " Rich , piss off mate - I think I 'm in here . "
Rich grumbles but after a while agrees to go back to the campsite .
And I 'm alone with Mary .
After a few more drinks she 's so pissed she probably thinks I'm James Bond .
Horay !
Time to go ...
And on the way back we find a nice quiet , peaceful place to lie down ... and we very slowly , very gently move through the gears ...
She stops me as I peel off her panties .
" Spanky ...
I 've never ... done ... it ... before ... "
Now , this is a bit of a revelation .
Shit .
I do n't like breaking um in .
Its just fucking horrible .
Did n't stop me though .
After thirty seconds of the most intense love - making Mary had ever experienced , I shot my load .
Mission accomplised .
We dressed and went back to the campsite .
Mary was acting a bit weird and went off to her tent quickly .
And I found Rich sitting by the dying fire , poking it with a stick , surrounded by weirdos from the God Squad .
Now , I was pissed , remember .
And I am also a fucking monumental cunt .
I spread my arms and raised them above my head as if I was celebrating scoring a goal at Wembley , and I shout :
" RICH ! " and eveyone round the campfire looks up at me .
" I'VE JUST FUCKED THE VIRGIN MARY !!! "
And that 's how I lost my job working as an outward - bounds instructor .
( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 13:02 , I used to enjoy chucking children off cliffs .
Granted , they were attached to a rope , and it was on outward - bounds courses in the Lake District .
But that 's all changed now , I lost this job after a rather nasty misunderstanding .
Shame , really .
I 'd been involved in running outward - bounds courses since I was in my early twenties , it was nice to get away into the fresh air and treat a bunch of kids like your the mental fucker out of the Saw movies .
Makes you feel all warm inside .
One time I found myself going away for a weekend with a bunch of teenagers and a few adults from some weird Jesus bashing brigade .
It was a little bit like being away for a weekend with the cast of Children of the Corn , they came out with some bizzare God-related bollocks .
On the first morning I was asked by several of them if I 'd " let Jesus into my life . "
I changed the subject quickly .
I had n't let Jesus into my life - he 's a shifty looking cunt .
If I let him into my life he'd probably end up squatting and turn it into a hippy commune .
It was going to be a long weekend .
But I had something else on my mind , I had an alterior motive .
One of the other * ahem * professionals was a girl named Mary , she was fucking beautiful in a rough and ready kind of way .
I 'd been away with her a few times before and had done a bit of low - level boob fondling , but nothing more .
I was desperate to bang her kidneys from the inside with my womb raider .
Fast forward to the end of the first day .
The God-botherers are having a lovely sing song round the camp fire , singing to Jesus and God and all his little helpers .
I 've had enough of this .
And so's my mate Rich , who 's helping out on the course .
We decide to venture off into the night and go and find a pub .
I ask Mary if she 'd like to tag along and she seems relieved to get away .
The three of us know the Lakes pretty well , so it does n't take us long to stroll down to the local village , find a pub , and sit down to start the important business of getting a bit pissed .
And after a bit of alcohol lubrication things start going well between Mary and I .
Very well .
Rich is suddenly as useful as a wheel on a hovercraft .
When Mary gets up for a piss I suggest to Rich that he might be getting in the way : " Rich , piss off mate - I think I 'm in here . "
Rich grumbles but after a while agrees to go back to the campsite .
And I 'm alone with Mary .
After a few more drinks she 's so pissed she probably thinks I'm James Bond .
Horay !
Time to go ... And on the way back we find a nice quiet , peaceful place to lie down ... and we very slowly , very gently move through the gears ... She stops me as I peel off her panties .
" Spanky ...
I 've never ... done ... it ... before ... " Now , this is a bit of a revelation .
Shit .
I do n't like breaking um in .
Its just fucking horrible .
Did n't stop me though .
After thirty seconds of the most intense love - making Mary had ever experienced , I shot my load .
Mission accomplised .
We dressed and went back to the campsite .
Mary was acting a bit weird and went off to her tent quickly .
And I found Rich sitting by the dying fire , poking it with a stick , surrounded by weirdos from the God Squad .
Now , I was pissed , remember .
And I am also a fucking monumental cunt .
I spread my arms and raised them above my head as if I was celebrating scoring a goal at Wembley , and I shout : " RICH ! " and eveyone round the campfire looks up at me .
" I'VE JUST FUCKED THE VIRGIN MARY !!!
" And that 's how I lost my job working as an outward - bounds instructor . ( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 13:02 , 6 replies
The Inevitable Church Billboard Post
( Frankly im surprised this hasnt been posted already )
Thank God for church ladies with typewriters .
These sentences actually appeared in church bulletins or were announced in church services :
1. The Fasting & Prayer Conference includes meals .
2 . The sermon this morning : " Jesus Walks on the Water . "
The sermon tonight : " Searching for Jesus . "
3. Ladies , do n't forget the rummage sale .
It 's a chance to get rid of those things not worth keeping around the house .
Bring your husbands .
4 . The peacemaking meeting scheduled for today has been cancelled due to a conflict .
5 . Remember in prayer the many who are sick of our community .
Smile at someone who is hard to love .
Say " Hell " to someone who does n't care much about you .
6 . Do n't let worry kill you off , let the Church help .
7. Miss Charlene Mason sang " I will not pass this way again , " giving obvious pleasure to the congregation .
8 . For those of you who have children and do n't know it , we have a nursery downstairs .
9 . Next Thursday there will be tryouts for the choir .
They need all the help they can get .
10 .
The Rector will preach his farewell message after which the choir will sing : " Break Forth Into Joy . "
11 . Irving Benson and Jessie Carter were married on October 24 in the church .
So ends a friendship that began in their school days .
12 . A bean supper will be held on Tuesday evening in the church hall .
Music will follow .
13 .
At the evening service tonight , the sermon topic will be " What Is Hell ? "
Come early and listen to our choir practice .
14 . Eight new choir robes are currently needed due to the addition of several new members and to the deterioration of some older ones .
15 . Scouts are saving aluminium cans , bottles and other items to be recycled .
Proceeds will be used to cripple children .
16 . Please place your donation in the envelope along with the deceased person you want remembered .
17 .
The church will host an evening of fine dining , super entertainment and gracious hostility .
18 . Potluck supper Sunday at 5:00 pm .
Prayer and medication to follow .
19 .
The ladies of the Church have cast off clothing of every kind .
They may be seen in the basement on Friday afternoon .
20 .
This evening at 7 pm there will be a hymn singing in the park across from the Church .
Bring a blanket and come prepared to sin .
21 . Ladies Bible Study will be held Thursday morning at 10 am .
All ladies are invited to lunch in the Fellowship Hall after the B. S. is done .
22 . The pastor would appreciate it if the ladies of the congregation would lend him their electric girdles for the pancake breakfast next Sunday .
23 . Low Self Esteem Support Group will meet Thursday at 7 pm .
Please use the back door .
24 . The primary 7's will be presenting Shakespeare 's Hamlet in the Church basement Friday at 7 pm .
The congregation is invited to attend this tragedy .
25 . Weight Watchers will meet at 7 pm at the First Presbyterian Church .
Please use large double door at the side entrance .
( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 18:51 , ( Frankly im surprised this hasnt been posted already ) Thank God for church ladies with typewriters .
These sentences actually appeared in church bulletins or were announced in church services : 1. The Fasting & Prayer Conference includes meals .
2 .
The sermon this morning : " Jesus Walks on the Water . "
The sermon tonight : " Searching for Jesus .
" 3 . Ladies , do n't forget the rummage sale .
It 's a chance to get rid of those things not worth keeping around the house .
Bring your husbands .
4 . The peacemaking meeting scheduled for today has been cancelled due to a conflict .
5 . Remember in prayer the many who are sick of our community .
Smile at someone who is hard to love .
Say " Hell " to someone who does n't care much about you .
6 .
Do n't let worry kill you off , let the Church help .
7 . Miss Charlene Mason sang " I will not pass this way again , " giving obvious pleasure to the congregation .
8 .
For those of you who have children and do n't know it , we have a nursery downstairs .
9 .
Next Thursday there will be tryouts for the choir .
They need all the help they can get .10 .
The Rector will preach his farewell message after which the choir will sing : " Break Forth Into Joy . " 11 . Irving Benson and Jessie Carter were married on October 24 in the church .
So ends a friendship that began in their school days .
12 .
A bean supper will be held on Tuesday evening in the church hall .
Music will follow .13 .
At the evening service tonight , the sermon topic will be " What Is Hell ? "
Come early and listen to our choir practice .
14 .
Eight new choir robes are currently needed due to the addition of several new members and to the deterioration of some older ones .
15 .
Scouts are saving aluminium cans , bottles and other items to be recycled .
Proceeds will be used to cripple children .
16 .
Please place your donation in the envelope along with the deceased person you want remembered .
17 .
The church will host an evening of fine dining , super entertainment and gracious hostility .
18 .
Potluck supper Sunday at 5:00 pm .
Prayer and medication to follow .19 .
The ladies of the Church have cast off clothing of every kind .
They may be seen in the basement on Friday afternoon .
20 .
This evening at 7 pm there will be a hymn singing in the park across from the Church .
Bring a blanket and come prepared to sin.21 .
Ladies Bible Study will be held Thursday morning at 10 am .
All ladies are invited to lunch in the Fellowship Hall after the B. S. is done .
22 .
The pastor would appreciate it if the ladies of the congregation would lend him their electric girdles for the pancake breakfast next Sunday .
23 .
Low Self Esteem Support Group will meet Thursday at 7 pm .
Please use the back door .
24 .
The primary 7's will be presenting Shakespeare 's Hamlet in the Church basement Friday at 7 pm .
The congregation is invited to attend this tragedy .
25 . Weight Watchers will meet at 7 pm at the First Presbyterian Church .
Please use large double door at the side entrance . ( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 18:51 , 3 replies
Good deed
I was walking across a bridge one day , and I saw a man standing on the edge , about to jump .
I ran over and said : " Stop .
Do n't do it . "
" Why should n't I ? " he asked .
" Well , there 's so much to live for ! "
" Like what ? "
" Are you religious ?
" He said , " Yes .
I said , " Me too .
Are you Christian or Buddhist ? "
" Christian . "
" Me too .
Are you Catholic or Protestant ? "
" Protestant . "
" Me too .
Are you Episcopalian or Baptist ? "
" Baptist . "
" Wow .
Me too .
Are you Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord ? "
" Baptist Church of God . "
" Me too .
Are you original Baptist Church of God , or are you Reformed Baptist Church of God ? "
" Reformed Baptist Church of God . "
" Me too .
Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1879 , or Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 ? "
He said : " Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 . "
I said : " DIE , HERETIC SCUM ! , " and pushed him off .
( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 21:06 , I was walking across a bridge one day , and I saw a man standing on the edge , about to jump .
I ran over and said : " Stop .
Do n't do it . " " Why should n't I ? " he asked .
" Well , there 's so much to live for ! " " Like what ? " " Are you religious ?
" He said , " Yes . I said , " Me too .
Are you Christian or Buddhist ? " " Christian . " " Me too .
Are you Catholic or Protestant ? " " Protestant . " " Me too .
Are you Episcopalian or Baptist ? " " Baptist . " " Wow .
Me too .
Are you Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord ? " " Baptist Church of God . " " Me too .
Are you original Baptist Church of God , or are you Reformed Baptist Church of God ? " " Reformed Baptist Church of God . " " Me too .
Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1879 , or Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 ?
" He said : " Reformed Baptist Church of God , Reformation of 1915 .
" I said : " DIE , HERETIC SCUM ! , " and pushed him off . ( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 21:06 , 3 replies
The Wake and World War II
Like most Catholics , I 've seen my fair share of dead bodies .
I remember when I was five or six my mum and dad packed me into the Opel Cadet and drove me round to my grandparents house .
I 'd been restaging the dramatic finale to Star Wars in the garden at the time so I was pretty pissed off .
I sat , arms crossed tightly across my chest , dressed up in my best Sunday gear , with my bottom lip sticking out so far you could 've built a ski resort on it .
So , we get to my grandparents place and I notice all the family are there doing the wedding scene from the Godfather .
Only this time everyone appears sad , and everyones wearing black .
I charge into the living room and see my great auntie .
She 's not looking too good .
In fact , she 's dead and laid out on the dining room table .
My eyes go wide - I 'd never seen a dead body before .
She looked peaceful , almost as if she was sleeping .
Being an inquisitive little twat I scurry over to her and give her a bit of a poke .
" Spanky ! " shouts my mum .
I look round with a big smile on my face - seeing a dead body was actually more fun than playing Star Wars .
But then I notice everyone else seems sad , the family is in mourning for this little old lady who would always try to force cups of tea into me when she was alive .
Then I remembered something I saw on TV the other day while I was watching one of those old black and white war films with my dad .
The fella on the film did this when his mate karked it , so in my five year old mind it seemed the appropriate thing to do .
I dropped to my knees , shook my fist at the heavens and screamed :
" JESUS !
WHY !?!
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO TAKE SOMEONE SO YOUNG !?! "
... silence ...
After the initial shock , my mum locked me in the car with some biscuits for company until they were ready to come home .
That was a result in my book .
They were very nice biscuits .
( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 11:54 , Like most Catholics , I 've seen my fair share of dead bodies .
I remember when I was five or six my mum and dad packed me into the Opel Cadet and drove me round to my grandparents house .
I 'd been restaging the dramatic finale to Star Wars in the garden at the time so I was pretty pissed off .
I sat , arms crossed tightly across my chest , dressed up in my best Sunday gear , with my bottom lip sticking out so far you could 've built a ski resort on it .
So , we get to my grandparents place and I notice all the family are there doing the wedding scene from the Godfather .
Only this time everyone appears sad , and everyones wearing black .
I charge into the living room and see my great auntie .
She 's not looking too good .
In fact , she 's dead and laid out on the dining room table .
My eyes go wide - I 'd never seen a dead body before .
She looked peaceful , almost as if she was sleeping .
Being an inquisitive little twat I scurry over to her and give her a bit of a poke .
" Spanky ! " shouts my mum .
I look round with a big smile on my face - seeing a dead body was actually more fun than playing Star Wars .
But then I notice everyone else seems sad , the family is in mourning for this little old lady who would always try to force cups of tea into me when she was alive .
Then I remembered something I saw on TV the other day while I was watching one of those old black and white war films with my dad .
The fella on the film did this when his mate karked it , so in my five year old mind it seemed the appropriate thing to do .
I dropped to my knees , shook my fist at the heavens and screamed : " JESUS !
WHY !?!
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO TAKE SOMEONE SO YOUNG !?!" ...... After the initial shock , my mum locked me in the car with some biscuits for company until they were ready to come home .
That was a result in my book .
They were very nice biscuits . ( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 11:54 , 7 replies
Not all Christians are time - wasting twunts
Here 's a few I know :
are white Zimbabweans ( they used to live here in the UK ) .
Despite the growing dangers , they 're still running their orphanage on a farm near Harare .
They get regularly harassed by the army but continue giving out free food to those in the area who can't feed themselves .
would be called a wide - boy if he was British .
He 's constantly doing whatever he can to blag more stuff for the dozens of orphans and abandoned children he cares for in India .
Unable to ignore the suffering around him , he 's always taking on more .
is a debt counselling charity that helps people who find themselves struggling with debt .
They offer practical help - from helping to make a budget to standing by you in court - as well as emotional support .
They do such a good job that local councils routinely refer people to them .
is a local ( to me ) charity that hands out free food and clothes to those who have slipped through the net and have ended up unable to provide for themselves .
Click I Like
This if you prefer it when we do this sort of thing to when we bang on about homosexuality and dinosaurs .
( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 7:19 , Here 's a few I know : Keith and Kathy are white Zimbabweans ( they used to live here in the UK ) .
Despite the growing dangers , they 're still running their orphanage on a farm near Harare .
They get regularly harassed by the army but continue giving out free food to those in the area who can't feed themselves .
Pastor Sam would be called a wide - boy if he was British .
He 's constantly doing whatever he can to blag more stuff for the dozens of orphans and abandoned children he cares for in India .
Unable to ignore the suffering around him , he 's always taking on more .
Christians Against Poverty is a debt counselling charity that helps people who find themselves struggling with debt .
They offer practical help - from helping to make a budget to standing by you in court - as well as emotional support .
They do such a good job that local councils routinely refer people to them .
Basics
Bank is a local ( to me ) charity that hands out free food and clothes to those who have slipped through the net and have ended up unable to provide for themselves .
Click I Like
This if you prefer it when we do this sort of thing to when we bang on about homosexuality and dinosaurs . ( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 7:19 , 16 replies
The Creation
Dear God ,
Pictures or it did n't happen .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:53 , Dear God , Pictures or it did n't happen . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:53 , 2 replies
My Grandma 's funeral
Firstly a bit of background for you all - I come from a very strict Roman Catholic family ( my Grandfather was a Deacon ffs - for those of you that do n't know that 's one down from a Priest ) .
My Grandma was , to put it bluntly , a bitch .
She was sent straight from
Hell to torment my mother and her four brothers every day of their lives .
Her twat of a husband ( Deacon Grandpapa ) was Satan himself who abused his kids both mentally , physically and sexually .
As you can imagine , me and my two sisters were n't all that keen on the pair .
But , for some reason , we always had to stay in contact with them for my mother had been brainwashed by them Catholics from an early age and believed that ten commandment crap about respecting your mother and father and shit .
So when my Mum died 8 years ago me , my Dad and my two sisters jointly thought , ' Fuck them . '
And never spoke to them again .
Cut to 5 years after that and Deacon Satan pops his pickled - livered hip - popping cloggs .
Did we go to the funeral ?
Did we fuck .
Exactly a month after that - Grandma decides to hop it back to Hell too .
Now , for some strange reason - maybe Catholic guilt , maybe drugs , I just can't say - me and my sisters suddenly feel a little bit guilty that we never spoke to her again .
So we decide that we will go to this funeral .
We were n't looking forward to seeing ' the faaaamily ' again , but off we popped .
Turns out that the two hour drive we were expecting was actually 2 and a half .
So we arrived late .
Yes , LATE to my Grandmother 's funeral .
But not only were we late , we were doing a very noisy 75 down an old biddy style quiet country lane and did a handbrake turn into the church yard .
We SCREECHED into the church yard and looked at the whole family , waiting outside , watching the coffin being carried in , utterly disgusted by us black sheep .
To top it off , my sister who had driven decided she needed to change from her ' driving shoes ' ( a concept I 've never understood as I can drive in any shoe imaginable ) so she lept out of the car - WAVED at people ( remember , they hate us , we hate them , we have n't seen each other for years ) - then proceeded in vain to attempt to change from her ridiculous little leopard print ballet pump things to black knee length boots .
I do n't know which type of footwear was less appropriate .
At this point my little sister spots an Uncle crying and bursts out laughing .
To this day she does n't know why and puts it down to nerves .
Her giggles did n't stop .
All through the service .
So anyway , were ( obviously ) last to enter the church .
But when we got in the only fucking bench thing left was the second row from front .
So down we sat .
Lil sis 's giggles still making her shake uncontrolably .
This sets me and big sis off too .. the three of us are sat there shaking like mad women - the worst thing is people thought we were crying so were handing us tissues .
We just had to take them without turning round in case they were n't met with the teary faces they 'd anticipated and were instead greeting by three grinning idiots .
Disrespectful idiots .
The service starts .
My Grandmother had three siblings , two of which in were in t'ground too and one which was sat on the row behind us , Auntie Anne .
She 's a bitch n all .
The Priest talks about Grandma 's life n that and then says , ' So of course , Teresa will now be joining her siblings in heaven , Frank , Anne .. ' and Anne shouts , ' I 'M NOT DEAD !'
This of course did nothing to help stiffle our giggles and I just could n't hold it in any longer - I burst out laughing and I - I do n't know why - turned around to face my grieving relatives and laughed in all of theirs faces .
Their faces of horror just made me laugh even more .
We did n't stay for the wake .
We have n't seen the family since .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:05 , Firstly a bit of background for you all - I come from a very strict Roman Catholic family ( my Grandfather was a Deacon ffs - for those of you that do n't know that 's one down from a Priest ) .
My Grandma was , to put it bluntly , a bitch .
She was sent straight from
Hell to torment my mother and her four brothers every day of their lives .
Her twat of a husband ( Deacon Grandpapa ) was Satan himself who abused his kids both mentally , physically and sexually .
As you can imagine , me and my two sisters were n't all that keen on the pair .
But , for some reason , we always had to stay in contact with them for my mother had been brainwashed by them Catholics from an early age and believed that ten commandment crap about respecting your mother and father and shit .
So when my Mum died 8 years ago me , my Dad and my two sisters jointly thought , ' Fuck them . '
And never spoke to them again .
Cut to 5 years after that and Deacon Satan pops his pickled - livered hip - popping cloggs .
Did we go to the funeral ?
Did we fuck .
Exactly a month after that - Grandma decides to hop it back to Hell too .
Now , for some strange reason - maybe Catholic guilt , maybe drugs , I just can't say - me and my sisters suddenly feel a little bit guilty that we never spoke to her again .
So we decide that we will go to this funeral .
We were n't looking forward to seeing ' the faaaamily ' again , but off we popped .
Turns out that the two hour drive we were expecting was actually 2 and a half .
So we arrived late .
Yes , LATE to my Grandmother 's funeral .
But not only were we late , we were doing a very noisy 75 down an old biddy style quiet country lane and did a handbrake turn into the church yard .
We SCREECHED into the church yard and looked at the whole family , waiting outside , watching the coffin being carried in , utterly disgusted by us black sheep .
To top it off , my sister who had driven decided she needed to change from her ' driving shoes ' ( a concept I 've never understood as I can drive in any shoe imaginable ) so she lept out of the car - WAVED at people ( remember , they hate us , we hate them , we have n't seen each other for years ) - then proceeded in vain to attempt to change from her ridiculous little leopard print ballet pump things to black knee length boots .
I do n't know which type of footwear was less appropriate .
At this point my little sister spots an Uncle crying and bursts out laughing .
To this day she does n't know why and puts it down to nerves .
Her giggles did n't stop .
All through the service .
So anyway , were ( obviously ) last to enter the church .
But when we got in the only fucking bench thing left was the second row from front .
So down we sat .
Lil sis 's giggles still making her shake uncontrolably .
This sets me and big sis off too .. the three of us are sat there shaking like mad women - the worst thing is people thought we were crying so were handing us tissues .
We just had to take them without turning round in case they were n't met with the teary faces they 'd anticipated and were instead greeting by three grinning idiots .
Disrespectful idiots .
The service starts .
My Grandmother had three siblings , two of which in were in t'ground too and one which was sat on the row behind us , Auntie Anne .
She 's a bitch n all .
The Priest talks about Grandma 's life n that and then says , ' So of course , Teresa will now be joining her siblings in heaven , Frank , Anne .. ' and Anne shouts , ' I 'M NOT DEAD !' This of course did nothing to help stiffle our giggles and I just could n't hold it in any longer - I burst out laughing and I - I do n't know why - turned around to face my grieving relatives and laughed in all of theirs faces .
Their faces of horror just made me laugh even more .
We did n't stay for the wake .
We have n't seen the family since . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:05 , 7 replies
Any of you so much as fucking twitch
and I will kill you , and your whole family .
Next week I 'll be summarising the New Testament .
( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 1:10 , and I will kill you , and your whole family .
Next week I 'll be summarising the Testament . ( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 1:10 , 1 reply
I 'm a Catholic .
In practice I 'm an atheist , but according to the rules once you 're in you 're in , and therefore unless I manage to get myself excommunicated I shall be considered a Catholic until the day I die .
While I 'm an atheist , I 'm not militant .
I 'm happy for anyone to hold their own beliefs , as long as they can be reasonable about them .
I do n't feel the need to screech passages of Dawkins at anyone with the temerity to be openly religious within my field of vision .
In short , believe what you want as long as you 're not a dick about it .
Some of my friends feel differently though , and this is why being a technical Catholic can occasionally be brilliant - because , in circumstances where I feel someone is in imminent danger of death ( Oh no , I thought you were going to step out in front of that car !
Whoops , I thought you were choking ! etc ) , I 'm allowed to perform an
There are few things funnier than the look on an aggresive atheist 's face when you inform them that not only have you poured water over their head when they were n't expecting it , but that as a result they are now Catholic .
Forever .
( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 14:41 , In practice I 'm an atheist , but according to the rules once you 're in you 're in , and therefore unless I manage to get myself excommunicated I shall be considered a Catholic until the day I die .
While I 'm an atheist , I 'm not militant .
I 'm happy for anyone to hold their own beliefs , as long as they can be reasonable about them .
I do n't feel the need to screech passages of Dawkins at anyone with the temerity to be openly religious within my field of vision .
In short , believe what you want as long as you 're not a dick about it .
Some of my friends feel differently though , and this is why being a technical Catholic can occasionally be brilliant - because , in circumstances wheresomeone is in imminent danger of death ( Oh no , I thought you were going to step out in front of that car !
Whoops , I thought you were choking ! etc ) , I 'm allowed to perform an emergency baptism
There are few things funnier than the look on an aggresive atheist 's face when you inform them that not only have you poured water over their head when they were n't expecting it , but that as a result they are now Catholic .
Forever . ( , Fri 20 Mar 2009 , 14:41 , 15 replies
I 've been sitting here
Drinking a few cans and watching Bill Bailey .
He 's just reminded me of one of the best God stories I 've ever heard .
Back when I was younger than I am now , I was in year 10 at upper school .
I was reasonably good friends with one of the year 13 music technology students ( whose name has , sadly , escaped me since then , though it may have been " Owen " ) .
It was him that related this story to me .
It happened that Owen ( for so we shall call him ) had a friend who was a church organist at a small parish church .
All very well and good .
Until the day referred to thereafter as " The Incident " .
The local bishop had decided to visit the church .
Considering that this was a tiny little church in rural Suffolk , this was quite a big deal .
Owen 's friend was asked to play for the service the bishop was to conduct .
He agreed , but said that he would really like to play some film music .
The vicar , seeing no harm in this , agreed .
Picture the scene , if you will .
The local bishop walking down the nave of the church , flanked by two assistants dressed all in black and walking slightly behind him .
The organ strikes up .
What did he play ?
, of course .
Edit :
The link is fully sfw , but for the full effect you should click on it with your eyes closed .
And that , my friends , is genius .
( , Sun 22 Mar 2009 , 2:58 , Drinking a few cans and watching Bill Bailey .
He 's just reminded me of one of the best God stories I 've ever heard .
Back when I was younger than I am now , I was in year 10 at upper school .
I was reasonably good friends with one of the year 13 music technology students ( whose name has , sadly , escaped me since then , though it may have been " Owen " ) .
It was him that related this story to me .
It happened that Owen ( for so we shall call him ) had a friend who was a church organist at a small parish church .
All very well and good .
Until the day referred to thereafter as " The Incident " .
The local bishop had decided to visit the church .
Considering that this was a tiny little church in rural Suffolk , this was quite a big deal .
Owen 's friend was asked to play for the service the bishop was to conduct .
He agreed , but said that he would really like to play some film music .
The vicar , seeing no harm in this , agreed .
Picture the scene , if you will .
The local bishop walking down the nave of the church , flanked by two assistants dressed all in black and walking slightly behind him .
The organ strikes up .
What did he play ?
This , of course .
Edit :
The link is fully sfw , but for the full effect you should click on it with your eyes closed .
And that , my friends , is genius . ( , Sun 22 Mar 2009 , 2:58 , 4 replies
When the last Pope died
I sent my CV to the Vatican applying for the job .
I 'm not a Catholic or even Christian but I thought in these days of equal opportunities they can't refuse someone a job on such grounds .
I never heard back from them .
Still , they were fucking livid down the Jobcentre when I put in on my " What I 've done to find work in the last fortnight " form .
( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 19:12 , I sent my CV to the Vatican applying for the job .
I 'm not a Catholic or even Christian but I thought in these days of equal opportunities they can't refuse someone a job on such grounds .
I never heard back from them .
Still , they were fucking livid down the Jobcentre when I put in on my " What I 've done to find work in the last fortnight " form . ( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 19:12 , 1 reply
" Day 2 in heaven ....
and Jade is up for eviction . "
* books taxi to Hull *
( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 11:42 , and Jade is up for eviction . " * books taxi to Hull * ( , Tue 24 Mar 2009 , 11:42 , 6 replies
Praying
I am not religious , my parents did n't christen me and I have never been to church for anything other than weddings and funerals .
However I do have the typical wants and desires that I may or may not get depending on effort and basic chance .
In these situations I often feel the urge to pray in order to improve my chances of getting what I want .
However , this would make me feel like a hypocrite as I ’m not convinced that there is an almighty creator , and if there is , surely begging him for selfish reasons is only going to incur his wrath and lesson my chance of success .
Therefore I need a different figure to pray to .
After careful consideration I have decided to try praying to Enzyme .
Now before you write me off as a nutcase here are some similarities he shares with my current receiver of prayer : -
1 ) I 've never met him .
2 ) I do n't know his real name
3 ) I 'm not sure what he looks like
4 ) He 's responsible for a couple of books being written
5 ) He 's knowledgeable
6 ) People have pointless arguments over stuff he ’s written
7 ) I wont know if my success or failure can be attributed to having prayed to him
He also seems like the kind of guy that gets things done which is a quality I am looking for in a focal point for my prayers .
It will be interesting to see if I can improve on my current success hit rate with this new figurehead for my prayers .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:26 , I am not religious , my parents did n't christen me and I have never been to church for anything other than weddings and funerals .
However I do have the typical wants and desires that I may or may not get depending on effort and basic chance .
In these situations I often feel the urge to pray in order to improve my chances of getting what I want .
However , this would make me feel like a hypocrite as I ’m not convinced that there is an almighty creator , and if there is , surely begging him for selfish reasons is only going to incur his wrath and lesson my chance of success .
Therefore I need a different figure to pray to .
After careful consideration I have decided to try praying to Enzyme .
Now before you write me off as a nutcase here are some similarities he shares with my current receiver of prayer : - 1 ) I 've never met him .
2 ) I do n't know his real name3 )
I 'm not sure what he looks like4 )
He 's responsible for a couple of books being written5 ) He 's knowledgeable6 )
People have pointless arguments over stuff he ’s written7 )
I wont know if my success or failure can be attributed to having prayed to himHe also seems like the kind of guy that gets things done which is a quality I am looking for in a focal point for my prayers .
It will be interesting to see if I can improve on my current success hit rate with this new figurehead for my prayers . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 16:26 , 10 replies
Faith - a - faith - a - faith ahhhhhhh
As a yoof , I was a relatively religious Carrot .
Went to the local church and Sunday School ( but never forced to go ) and got baptised at 6 and confirmed at 16 .
Both were my choices .
I was a fairly regular church goer until I joined uni .
I even joined the christian union and started going out with a girl until I realised :
1 ) She aint going to give out until she 's married .
2 ) Her idea of Christianity scares the cunting fuck out of me .
3 ) She 's a bit of a nutter .
4 ) Ah bollocks .
I prefer blokes .
Soo ... I kinda left CU .
And then I had to explain to someone ( who by the way was training to be a nurse ) WHY I left CU .
He told me that being gay was against God 's will and therefore , congratulations Mr Carrot , you 've got a suite reserved in Hell .
Eternal damnation is your friend .
This fucked me up by some not inconsiderable amount .
I completely abandoned my beliefs and my religion .
I got depressed severely .
Until one of my best mates ( sometimes reads on here , so Dave , you 're a wonderful bloke ) pulled me together and reminded me of some things :
Either :
a) God made you this way and you cannot be damned for something YOU were made as ,
Or :
b ) There is no God , so there 's nothing to worry about .
Which made me think .
A lot .
And I realised several things .
This evolved my own peculiar version of faith .
Basically it reads :
1 : Do n't judge people on faith or religion , but by actions .
You can be a total cunt and still be a " Christian " .
Going to church no more makes you a good person than going to a garage makes you a car .
2 : God does not exist as an old chappy who smites the unrighteous and lives in a cloud .
But I do think there is some supreme being or force or something that ties everything together .
3 : Swearing is fine .
Making tasteless jokes is fine .
Drinking is fine .
Enjoying loving with people with the same bits as yourself is fine .
You were made to enjoy life .
And that is what you should do .
4 : But equally , indulging in your own religious beliefs is fine .
But as long as it is private to you and does n't hurt or upset anyone .
If it gives you comfort , then good stuff .
5 : Preaching to people who do n't want to hear it will likely lead to pain .
This does n't make you a martyr or superior , it just makes you a twat .
6 : Religion is not like Top Trumps .
You do n't win any prizes if you are more christian-y or jew -y or whatever than your mates .
Again , all this proves is you are really a complete twat .
7 : On the other hand , being offensively dismissive to people who have faith , whatever that may be , is the mark of a pure , dyed - in - the - wool cunt .
To be an atheist requires a degree of intelligence and awareness .
Being derogatory to a belief that someone else takes comfort in is really a twattish thing to do .
Fine , please by all means feel free to take issues with parts of belief ( subjugation of women , circumcision , creationism , whatever ) but AGREE TO DISAGREE , and DON'T dismiss it as being a " superstition " or " silly witchcraft " or " not agreeing with what my book says " .
Whatever .
I have the ultimate respect for people like Enzyme who can provide reasoned argument for their viewpoint and accept that sometimes people might disagree with them .
It happens .
Live with it .
8 : Being alive means being a decent human being .
Do n't do it for reward , either now or in the afterlife .
Do it because it 's the right thing to do .
By the way , just before the mudslinging starts , I 'm not offering this as the only view , or even the right view .
It 's just my view .
And I 'm not posting it to sound smug .
It 's just what works for me .
But if any of you want to join the Church of Carrot , simply send £ 300 pounds in used , non-sequential notes to my Swiss bank account .
Right , I 'm off for a wank .
( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 20:48 , As a yoof , I was a relatively religious Carrot .
Went to the local church and Sunday School ( but never forced to go ) and got baptised at 6 and confirmed at 16 .
Both were my choices .
I was a fairly regular church goer until I joined uni .
I even joined the christian union and started going out with a girl until I realised : 1) She aint going to give out until she 's married .
2 ) Her idea of Christianity scares the cunting fuck out of me .
3 ) She 's a bit of a nutter .
4 ) Ah bollocks .
I prefer blokes .
Soo ... I kinda left CU .
And then I had to explain to someone ( who by the way was training to be a nurse ) WHY I left CU .
He told me that being gay was against God 's will and therefore , congratulations Mr Carrot , you 've got a suite reserved in Hell .
Eternal damnation is your friend .
This fucked me up by some not inconsiderable amount .
I completely abandoned my beliefs and my religion .
I got depressed severely .
Until one of my best mates ( sometimes reads on here , so Dave , you 're a wonderful bloke ) pulled me together and reminded me of some things :
Either : a)
God made you this way and you cannot be damned for something YOU were made as , Or : b )
There is no God , so there 's nothing to worry about .
Which made me think .
A lot .
And I realised several things .
This evolved my own peculiar version of faith .
Basically it reads:1 : Do n't judge people on faith or religion , but by actions .
You can be a total cunt and still be a " Christian " .
Going to church no more makes you a good person than going to a garage makes you a car .2 : God does not exist as an old chappy who smites the unrighteous and lives in a cloud .
But I do think there is some supreme being or force or something that ties everything together .
3 : Swearing is fine .
Making tasteless jokes is fine .
Drinking is fine .
Enjoying loving with people with the same bits as yourself is fine .
You were made to enjoy life .
And that is what you should do.4 : But equally , indulging in your own religious beliefs is fine .
But as long as it is private to you and does n't hurt or upset anyone .
If it gives you comfort , then good stuff .
5 : Preaching to people who do n't want to hear it will likely lead to pain .
This does n't make you a martyr or superior , it just makes you a twat .6 : Religion is not like Top Trumps .
You do n't win any prizes if you are more christian-y or jew -y or whatever than your mates .
Again , all this proves is you are really a complete twat .7 : On the other hand , being offensively dismissive to people who have faith , whatever that may be , is the mark of a pure , dyed - in - the - wool cunt .
To be an atheist requires a degree of intelligence and awareness .
Being derogatory to a belief that someone else takes comfort in is really a twattish thing to do .
Fine , please by all means feel free to take issues with parts of belief ( subjugation of women , circumcision , creationism , whatever ) but AGREE TO DISAGREE , and DON'T dismiss it as being a " superstition " or " silly witchcraft " or " not agreeing with what my book says " .
Whatever .
I have the ultimate respect for people like Enzyme who can provide reasoned argument for their viewpoint and accept that sometimes people might disagree with them .
It happens .
Live with it .8 : Being alive means being a decent human being .
Do n't do it for reward , either now or in the afterlife .
Do it because it 's the right thing to do .
By the way , just before the mudslinging starts , I 'm not offering this as the only view , or even the right view .
It 's just my view .
And I 'm not posting it to sound smug .
It 's just what works for me .
But if any of you want to join the Church of Carrot , simply send £ 300 pounds in used , non-sequential notes to my Swiss bank account .
Right , I 'm off for a wank . ( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 20:48 , 6 replies
The Bible 2K - Holy Fuck Wars
Old Testament
Genesis :
And lo , God creates Phil Collins and the drum solo .
Exodus :
Starring :
Vin Diesel - God
God 's all like ' woah dude I can't believe I let Moses get away with that life - insurance canoe shizzle , I 'm gonna FUCK HIM UP . '
He calls this his ' forty year plan ' like the diet plans , but longer and he actually sticks to it .
It is around this time ' Nursery Cryme ' is released , and God goes all locusty / first borny , and everyone thinks he is a right cunt .
So everyone goes on this long walk right , cos they do n't like locusts and what not , and they 're all propa hungry and shit , but God is not listening cos he is creating Chronicles of Riddick and his COMMANDMENTS .
He makes Moses read 'em cos he is a bit embarrassed .
I know !
It 's God right !?
Just shows he 's only human :
1 . The Pacifier represents a good comedy crossover film
2. I R MOAR MUSHLEE THEN ARMWOLD SWOTSANIGGER
3 . I like Tutti Fruttis and paprika crisps
and on and on it went .
Moses was like fuck that and made up his own .
This does not go down well with God , so he creates ' Them Boots Were Made For Walking ' to be played ironically at the Hebrews FOR ETERNITY .
Leviticus :
God decides some completely arbitrary laws are needed .
You can only felch chickens on a Tuesday ; ANY sex with an ant is consenting ( haha unlucky fuckers ) ;
Trilbys may be worn on the penis for the purpose of hilarity ; Phil Collins can not dance etc .
Numbers
God recommences fucking with Moses .
God - ' I want you to count them '
Moses - ' Eh ?
Who ?'
God - ' HAHA EVERYONE YOU CUNT .
Apart from people who wear trendy jeans . '
Moses - ' Right done .
What now . '
God - ' Er... fuck me that was quick ... er , well , I 'm just gonna piss about with you for a little while if that 's OK .
Incidentally have you seen xXx yet ?
My deltoids look fucking RIPPED .'
Dueteronomy
Moses is all like brow beaten and weary cos God is STILL taking the piss .
I know , it 's like get over it God , we 're through .
This is stalker shit .
It 's been forty years man .
That sea you created , there are like , plenty more fish in it dude , and you should know innit .
But nah he's not having it , he 's proper grumpy , a little genocide here , slaughter a few unrepentant wasters there ... and Moses is all like ' Hang on .
Just hold fire here .
This just ai n't working out .
There 's a bit of a recurring theme .
You ask me to do summit .
I maybe have a little doubt , you convince me by merit of a burning bush , parting the sea , smoke and mirrors stuff , you know .
I 'm all like well Blaine 's being doing that shit for years , but yeah I 'll go for it .
So there 's me carrying out the work of God , but of course some little cunt always manages to stuff it up .
But I 'm like no bother , he 's the epitomy of forgiveness innit .
Yeah , if forgiveness is FORTY FECKIN YEARS IN A SANDBOX AND WATCHING YOU CASUALLY COMMIT GENOCIDE ON A CIVILISATION - WIDE SCALE OMGWTF '
God switches off Rambo 4 '... needs more muscles .
What you trouting on about Moses ?
If you think that 's bad , wait til you see what I 've got in store for this cunt Jesus ' .
It was about this time that Phil Collins went solo .
The Bible eh !?
You could n't make it up !
( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 16:16 , And lo , God creates Phil Collins and the drum solo .
Starring : Vin Diesel - GodGod 's all like ' woah dude I can't believe I let Moses get away with that life - insurance canoe shizzle , I 'm gonna FUCK HIM UP . '
He calls this his ' forty year plan ' like the diet plans , but longer and he actually sticks to it .
It is around this time ' Nursery Cryme ' is released , and God goes all locusty / first borny , and everyone thinks he is a right cunt .
So everyone goes on this long walk right , cos they do n't like locusts and what not , and they 're all propa hungry and shit , but God is not listening cos he is creating Chronicles of Riddick and his COMMANDMENTS .
He makes Moses read 'em cos he is a bit embarrassed .
I know !
It 's God right !?
Just shows he 's only human : 1 .
The Pacifier represents a good comedy crossover film2 .
I R MOAR MUSHLEE THEN ARMWOLD SWOTSANIGGER3 .
I like Tutti Fruttis and paprika crispsand on and on it went .
Moses was like fuck that and made up his own .
This does not go down well with God , so he creates ' Them Boots Were Made For Walking ' to be played ironically at the Hebrews FOR ETERNITY .
God decides some completely arbitrary laws are needed .
You can only felch chickens on a Tuesday ; ANY sex with an ant is consenting ( haha unlucky fuckers ) ;
Trilbys may be worn on the penis for the purpose of hilarity ; Phil Collins can not dance etc .
God recommences fucking with Moses .
God - ' I want you to count them '
Moses - ' Eh ?
Who ?' God - ' HAHA EVERYONE YOU CUNT .
Apart from people who wear trendy jeans .' Moses - ' Right done .
What now .' God - ' Er... fuck me that was quick ... er , well , I 'm just gonna piss about with you for a little while if that 's OK .
Incidentally have you seen xXx yet ?
My deltoids look fucking RIPPED .' Moses is all like brow beaten and weary cos God is STILL taking the piss .
I know , it 's like get over it God , we 're through .
This is stalker shit .
It 's been forty years man .
That sea you created , there are like , plenty more fish in it dude , and you should know innit .
But nah he's not having it , he 's proper grumpy , a little genocide here , slaughter a few unrepentant wasters there ... and Moses is all like ' Hang on .
Just hold fire here .
This just ai n't working out .
There 's a bit of a recurring theme .
You ask me to do summit .
I maybe have a little doubt , you convince me by merit of a burning bush , parting the sea , smoke and mirrors stuff , you know .
I 'm all like well Blaine 's being doing that shit for years , but yeah I 'll go for it .
So there 's me carrying out the work of God , but of course some little cunt always manages to stuff it up .
But I 'm like no bother , he 's the epitomy of forgiveness innit .
Yeah , if forgiveness is FORTY FECKIN YEARS IN A SANDBOX AND WATCHING YOU CASUALLY COMMIT GENOCIDE ON A CIVILISATION - WIDE SCALE OMGWTF 'God switches off Rambo 4 '... needs more muscles .
What you trouting on about Moses ?
If you think that 's bad , wait til you see what I 've got in store for this cunt Jesus ' .
It was about this time that Phil Collins went solo .
The Bible eh !?
You could n't make it up ! ( , Wed 25 Mar 2009 , 16:16 , 6 replies
This one time a Jehova 's witness came to my house ...
he said " Can I interest you in the word of our lord . "
I said " No thankyou , I 'm pretty stubbornly decided religion - wise . "
" Oh okay , nevermind . "
Said the Jehova 's witness .
" Ah well , good luck anyway !
Bye now . "
" Bye . "
It was what I like to call , two people not being utter cunts about their differing views .
Hardly a classic anecdote I know ...
( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 22:56 , he said " Can I interest you in the word of our lord .
" I said " No thankyou , I 'm pretty stubbornly decided religion - wise . "
" Oh okay , nevermind . "
Said the Jehova 's witness .
" Ah well , good luck anyway !
Bye now . " " Bye .
" It was what I like to call , two people not being utter cunts about their differing views .
Hardly a classic anecdote I know ... ( , Sat 21 Mar 2009 , 22:56 , 4 replies
I am looking forward to reading all the posts this week
about how all god botherers are jaded lunatic worshippers of mythical beings and stories .
I have faith , I would never push it upon someone else and most in fact of the people I know who go to church do and would not push their faith onto others .
I like having faith , for me personally it gives me peace of mind and having the belief that there is something more after all this is comforting , and working and living in a massively multicultural area it really helps me identify with a lot of the families I work with .
One thing I have noticed though is that a lot of atheists are far worse than a lot of the christians I know when it comes to pushing what they believe .
They demand proof and of course unless you are able to come back from the dead be it a scientific breakthrough or a holy miracle you will never be able to give this proof , so then your labelled as a freak and a loon .
My believing in god does n't harm anyone , and if you are going to throw the " Religion creates War " card at me then I will try and throw the " If they were n't fighting over religion then they would be fighting over something else " card .
Yes you get the odd bloke standing in town with a life size replica of Jesus ' Crucifix strapped to his back bawling about fire and damnation for sinners , you can walk past him and ignore him if you chose to ?
I often open the door to Jehovah 's Witnesses and will spend a few minutes listening to what they have to say I have never been rude to them or just told them I am not interested and not once have they tried to convert me , they just give me a copy of the watchtower , read a bit of the bible to me , wish me well and bugger off next door .
Anyway I am not sure what my point is to this post I wanted to put across the point of view from the other side of religion from a normal 30 yr old girls point of view , and say that it does n't hurt to just get on with life allowing other people believe what they want to believe , I would never try and force an Atheist to believe in God so why are all the ones I have met damned set on proving to me that something that makes me happy and brings me comfort , does n't exist .
I also want to point out that this post is n't aimed at all atheists just the ones I have met .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 17:24 , about how all god botherers are jaded lunatic worshippers of mythical beings and stories .
I have faith , I would never push it upon someone else and most in fact of the people I know who go to church do and would not push their faith onto others .
I like having faith , for me personally it gives me peace of mind and having the belief that there is something more after all this is comforting , and working and living in a massively multicultural area it really helps me identify with a lot of the families I work with .
One thing I have noticed though is that a lot of atheists are far worse than a lot of the christians I know when it comes to pushing what they believe .
They demand proof and of course unless you are able to come back from the dead be it a scientific breakthrough or a holy miracle you will never be able to give this proof , so then your labelled as a freak and a loon .
My believing in god does n't harm anyone , and if you are going to throw the " Religion creates War " card at me then I will try and throw the " If they were n't fighting over religion then they would be fighting over something else " card .
Yes you get the odd bloke standing in town with a life size replica of Jesus ' Crucifix strapped to his back bawling about fire and damnation for sinners , you can walk past him and ignore him if you chose to ?
I often open the door to Jehovah 's Witnesses and will spend a few minutes listening to what they have to say I have never been rude to them or just told them I am not interested and not once have they tried to convert me , they just give me a copy of the watchtower , read a bit of the bible to me , wish me well and bugger off next door .
Anyway I am not sure what my point is to this post I wanted to put across the point of view from the other side of religion from a normal 30 yr old girls point of view , and say that it does n't hurt to just get on with life allowing other people believe what they want to believe , I would never try and force an Atheist to believe in God so why are all the ones I have met damned set on proving to me that something that makes me happy and brings me comfort , does n't exist .
I also want to point out that this post is n't aimed at all atheists just the ones I have met . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 17:24 , 22 replies
i can haz apple ?
( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 3:27 , ( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 3:27 , Reply
Unwell believers ...
... somebody phones for an ambulance and when you get there and try to treat the patients ' pain and suffering they reply something along the lines of " No drugs or treatment thank you , the Lord will provide me with all the help I need " .
I have visions of God meeting them at the Pearly Gates and saying unto them " What the fucks wrong with you ?
I sent an ambulance and two paramedics " .
( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 1:25 , ... somebody phones for an ambulance and when you get there and try to treat the patients ' pain and suffering they reply something along the lines of " No drugs or treatment thank you , the Lord will provide me with all the help I need " .
I have visions of God meeting them at the Pearly Gates and saying unto them " What the fucks wrong with you ?
I sent an ambulance and two paramedics " . ( , Mon 23 Mar 2009 , 1:25 , 5 replies
The Crime Fighting Saint
" So to conclude St Christopher died during the reign of the third century Roman Emperor Decius .
This is my painting of St Christopher carrying the Chirst Child , " a round of applause , Elizabeth Jones beams back at the class and takes her seat .
Now its my turn .
I go to the front , clutching my own painting .
I hold it out in front of me .
The class is waiting .
My teacher , Mrs Facey , is waiting too .
" This is my painting .
From this position he can kill a man in three - hundred - and - twenty different ways with his bare hands , " a bit of a stir but I press on .
" Look - I 've drawn some blood coming out of the baddies mouth , " I point this out to my classmates .
" He has a jet powered car and lives in a big mansion .
He saw his mummy and daddy get killed by the baddies and that 's why he fights crime now he 's a grown up .
The biggest baddies he has to fight are the Joker and the Penguin .
You can see the Joker in the background on my painting , look , over there , wearing the purple suit and he has bright green hair .
He lives in a city called Gotham and - "
" Spanky ! " Mrs Facey cuts me dead .
She shakes her head , a strange look of pitty and puzzlement on her face .
She almost whispers : " Batman is n't a saint . "
This has me dumbstruck .
" Are you sure ? "
Mrs Facey nods .
I stick out my chest .
" Well , he should be . "
And before I can continue Mrs Facey 's grabbed my arm and led me back to my seat .
And my mum and Mrs Facey had another one of their ' special talks ' when my mum came to pick me up from school later that day .
( , Sun 22 Mar 2009 , 1:16 , " So to conclude St Christopher died during the reign of the third century Roman Emperor Decius .
This is my painting of St Christopher carrying the Chirst Child , " a round of applause , Elizabeth Jones beams back at the class and takes her seat .
Now its my turn .
I go to the front , clutching my own painting .
I hold it out in front of me .
The class is waiting .
My teacher , Mrs Facey , is waiting too .
" This is my painting .
From this position he can kill a man in three - hundred - and - twenty different ways with his bare hands , " a bit of a stir but I press on .
" Look - I 've drawn some blood coming out of the baddies mouth , " I point this out to my classmates .
" He has a jet powered car and lives in a big mansion .
He saw his mummy and daddy get killed by the baddies and that 's why he fights crime now he 's a grown up .
The biggest baddies he has to fight are the Joker and the Penguin .
You can see the Joker in the background on my painting , look , over there , wearing the purple suit and he has bright green hair .
He lives in a city called Gotham and -" " Spanky ! "
Mrs Facey cuts me dead .
She shakes her head , a strange look of pitty and puzzlement on her face .
She almost whispers : " Batman is n't a saint .
" This has me dumbstruck .
" Are you sure ? " Mrs Facey nods .
I stick out my chest .
" Well , he should be .
" And before I can continue Mrs Facey 's grabbed my arm and led me back to my seat .
And my mum and Mrs Facey had another one of their ' special talks ' when my mum came to pick me up from school later that day . ( , Sun 22 Mar 2009 , 1:16 , Reply
The day I moved into my apartment last year ,
I was greeted with a cheery " hellooooo " while attempting to carry a box of stuff with one hand .
The owner of the voice informed me her name was Sunny , she lived above my apartment , and that she was having some people over that night and would I like to join them ?
I declined as I had plans .
Woke up the following morning , Sunday , and decide to have a wander around the apartment complex to check out the laundry room , pool , gym etc and get my bearings , when I bump into Sunny .
This time she 's full of the joys of spring and carrying a guitar on her back .
" Sue ..... would you like to come to church with me this morning ? "
Oh fuck , oh fuckity fuckity fuck .
" No thanks , Sunny , I 'm going out for breakfast with friends , but thanks for the offer " .
A few weeks go by , and she invites me to all kinds of Christian themed events , with me politely declining and trying not to roll my eyes .
Eventually , after a couple of months , Sunny started telling me how Jesus would save me if I 'd just let him into my life .
I started getting a bit firmer with her .
" Look , Sunny , I appreciate it but I really am agnostic and really do n't want to listen to you blithering on any more about Jesus . "
I swear she was waiting by my car for me every weekend morning , stalking me , trying to get me to see the light .
Finally , one Sunday morning I got home from the boyfriends house after a seriously good morning shag .
Sunny is trotting down the stairs .
" Good morning Sue !!
Have you changed your mind ?
Have you talked to Jesus lately ? "
" Yes , Sunny , I called his name this morning while getting a right good fucking from my boyfriend .
Now piss off , and leave me alone " .
And she did .
I never saw her again .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 18:45 , I was greeted with a cheery " hellooooo " while attempting to carry a box of stuff with one hand .
The owner of the voice informed me her name was Sunny , she lived above my apartment , and that she was having some people over that night and would I like to join them ?
I declined as I had plans .
Woke up the following morning , Sunday , and decide to have a wander around the apartment complex to check out the laundry room , pool , gym etc and get my bearings , when I bump into Sunny .
This time she 's full of the joys of spring and carrying a guitar on her back .
" Sue ..... would you like to come to church with me this morning ?
" Oh fuck , oh fuckity fuckity fuck .
" No thanks , Sunny , I 'm going out for breakfast with friends , but thanks for the offer " .
A few weeks go by , and she invites me to all kinds of Christian themed events , with me politely declining and trying not to roll my eyes .
Eventually , after a couple of months , Sunny started telling me how Jesus would save me if I 'd just let him into my life .
I started getting a bit firmer with her .
" Look , Sunny , I appreciate it but I really am agnostic and really do n't want to listen to you blithering on any more about Jesus . "
I swear she was waiting by my car for me every weekend morning , stalking me , trying to get me to see the light .
Finally , one Sunday morning I got home from the boyfriends house after a seriously good morning shag .
Sunny is trotting down the stairs .
" Good morning Sue !!
Have you changed your mind ?
Have you talked to Jesus lately ? " " Yes , Sunny , I called his name this morning while getting a right good fucking from my boyfriend .
Now piss off , and leave me alone " .
And she did .
I never saw her again . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 18:45 , Reply
Merry Christmas Everybody !
My parents are cunts .
Every single Christmas from the age of zero upwards they forced me to go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve .
Aparently some fella was born , or something , and being Catholics we have to get all morose about it and sing fucking hymns and do a shitload of shaking hands with strangers while saying " peace be with you , " when I 'd rather be at home eating mince pies and masturbating over late night reruns of Carry On movies ( Barbara Windsor was fucking HOT ) .
The Midnight Mass thing was an annoyance until I reached that marvellous age where alcohol became available from the lovely Mr Singh in the local off license .
Then Midnight Mass became a fucking nightmare .
In the year of our Lord , nineteen - hundred - and - ninety , when I was sixteen , I rolled up at the church after the service had started .
I was shitfaced .
I flung open the doors and shouted :
" MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!! "
And promptly fell on my arse .
I then started singing : " SO HERE IT IS MERRY CHRISTMAS , EVERYBODYS HAVING FUN !
LOOOOKK TOOOO THE FUUTTTURREEE NNNNOOOWWWW -"
The parisheners were not pleased , God was not pleased , but most important of all , my mum was fucking apoplectic .
I spent Christmas Day 1990 sitting in the garden shed with a terrible hangover .
If I dared go anywhere near my dear ol ' mum that day , she would 've fucking murdered me .
Not very Christian of her .
( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:16 , My parents are cunts .
Every single Christmas from the age of zero upwards they forced me to go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve .
Aparently some fella was born , or something , and being Catholics we have to get all morose about it and sing fucking hymns and do a shitload of shaking hands with strangers while saying " peace be with you , " when I 'd rather be at home eating mince pies and masturbating over late night reruns of Carry On movies ( Barbara Windsor was fucking HOT ) .
The Midnight Mass thing was an annoyance until I reached that marvellous age where alcohol became available from the lovely Mr Singh in the local off license .
Then Midnight Mass became a fucking nightmare .
In the year of our Lord , nineteen - hundred - and - ninety , when I was sixteen , I rolled up at the church after the service had started .
I was shitfaced .
I flung open the doors and shouted : " MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!!
" And promptly fell on my arse .
I then started singing : " SO HERE IT IS MERRY CHRISTMAS , EVERYBODYS HAVING FUN !
LOOOOKK TOOOO THE FUUTTTURREEE NNNNOOOWWWW
-" The parisheners were not pleased , God was not pleased , but most important of all , my mum was fucking apoplectic .
I spent Christmas Day 1990 sitting in the garden shed with a terrible hangover .
If I dared go anywhere near my dear ol ' mum that day , she would 've fucking murdered me . ( , Thu 19 Mar 2009 , 15:16 , 1 reply
Miracle on dirty North Street …
My only experience with a bible - tapping - God - botherer was with ‘ Clare ’ …
She was one of those ‘ friend of a friend of a friend ’ types , who gets passed around because nobody can bear to be around her for very long .
Despite being born in Cheswick , and from a C of E family , she suddenly decided to become a devout hard - core Catholic ; opting into the faith just so she could be ‘ different from everyone else around here ’ .
Young and single , she was also as skinny as a size zero supermodel third world famine victim …after a particularly severe tummy - tuck procedure … who had been put on a strict diet of nothing but ice cubes and dry lettuce .
In other words , a bit on the slim side .
By Lucifer ’s luscious love - lozenge she did my head in .
She would chunter on inanely about her ‘ future voyage to the perfect afterlife ’ and how her health - fad dieting and hard - core praying regime would mean that she was definitely going to heaven ; whilst us mere ( read : ‘ normal ’ ) mortals were all condemned to the seventh layer of Hell ( which apparently consisted of an eternity of thick milkshakes and Big Macs…or ‘ Satan Sandwiches ’ as she called them .
Fine with me ) .
Strangely , it was n’t her beliefs that really rubbed me up the wrong way about her though … it was the fact that she was one of those ‘ over - emotional ’ types .
You know the kind I mean … with just a whiff of a hint of a suggestion that everything was not going absolutely ‘ tickety - boo ’ in the world , and she would burst into tears , sobbing rivers of remorseful , attention - seeking wimpish faux - sincerity all over any unsuspecting bystanders .
Maturely , we all used to call her such imaginative nicknames as ‘ Little Lady Blarty - pants ’ , ‘ Teary - arse ’ , and ‘ Clare - the - blub - a - lot - cunt - face ’ .
Then one particular day , she was round my house with some mates , giving me her usual righteous lecture on my wrongdoings , when I just snapped … I had simply had enough of her bullshit .
I wanted to shut both her and her wankish ‘ holier - than - thou ’ act up …once and for all .
And lo , my plan was formed .
Making my excuses , I nipped down to the local Tesco and bought a massive block of pure solid cooking fat .
I then sprinted home and crudely moulded it into the shape of a crucifix , before attaching a little greasy hand - crafted body to it that looked like a bearded , loincloth clad , ‘ Morph ’ from ‘ Take Hart ’ .
I then approached Clare and offered this carved graven image to her gleefully saying : “ Here you go !
I ’ve just popped by the church and they ’re handing
Lawyer says Madoff will plead guilty to 11 counts Associated Press
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Bernard Madoff will plead guilty Thursday to 11 criminal counts including money laundering , perjury and securities , mail and wire fraud and will do so without a plea deal , knowing it carries a potential prison term of 150 years , lawyers said Tuesday in court .
Lawyers outlined the plea arrangement for the 70 - year - old former Nasdaq chairman that was set to unfold later this week after Madoff waived several potential conflicts of interest between Madoff and his lawyer , Ira Sorkin .
Asked by the judge if Madoff would plead guilty Thursday , Sorkin said : " I think that 's a fair expectation . "
In papers filed after Tuesday 's proceeding , prosecutors outlined the case against Madoff , who quietly spoke in court , answering the questions of U.S. District Judge Denny Chin .
Prosecutors said in the papers that Madoff operated a massive Ponzi scheme in which his clients ' funds were misappropriated and converted to the use of Madoff , his business and others .
Chin said he will not sentence Madoff for several months after Thursday 's proceedings .
He told prosecutors to limit the number of victims who will be allowed to speak in court to those who want to argue either that Chin not accept the plea , or go against what Chin plans to decide as to whether Madoff should remain free on bail after Thursday 's hearing .
Chin also said anyone addressing the court will be limited in time and must conduct themselves in a " respectful and dignified manner . "
Sorkin complained that federal authorities have not let lawyers for Madoff study the financial records of his company so he can show that some individuals or financial funds actually received more in payouts over the years than they are claiming they lost .
Chin said he understood that Madoff was not agreeing to the extent of the losses .
Although authorities have outlined a $ 50 billion fraud that they say Madoff carried out for many years , those reviewing his company 's books say the size of the actual fraud might have been less than $ 20 billion .
So far , authorities have located about $ 1 billion for jilted investors .
Sorkin 's family had invested more than $ 900,000 with Madoff .
After questioning Madoff , the judge ruled that Sorkin may continue representing Madoff .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
BAM !
The obligatory ( and admittedly embarrasing ) first comic is online !
This one ’s a bit old , made sometime in July 2007 , if I remember correctly .
Nevertheless , the keen observation about what really goes through the mind of a teen horror slasher is still fresh and highly provocative ( what ? ) to this day .
Enjoy !
Member since Mar 23 , 2009 .
Last seen online 1 month , 1 week ago .
/
At the end of World War II , one of America 's top military leaders accurately assessed the shift in the balance of world power which that war had produced and foresaw the enormous danger of communist aggression against the West .
Alone among U.S. leaders he warned that America should act immediately , while her supremacy was unchallengeable , to end that danger .
Unfortunately , his warning went unheeded , and he was quickly silenced by a convenient " accident " which took his life .
Thirty - two years ago , in the terrible summer of 1945 , the U.S. Army had just completed the destruction of Europe and had set up a government of military occupation amid the ruins to rule the starving Germans and deal out victors ' justice to the vanquished .
General George S. Patton , commander of the U.S. Third Army , became military governor of the greater portion of the American occupation zone of Germany .
It was only in the final days of the war and during his tenure as military governor of Germany -- after he had gotten to know both the Germans and America 's " gallant Soviet allies " -- that Patton 's understanding of the true situation grew and his opinions changed .
In his diary and in many letters to his family , friends , various military colleagues , and government officials , he expressed his new understanding and his apprehensions for the future .
His diary and his letters were published in 1974 by the Houghton Mifflin Company under the title The Patton Papers .
Several months before the end of the war , General Patton had recognized the fearful danger to the West posed by the Soviet Union , and he had disagreed bitterly with the orders which he had been given to hold back his army and wait for the Red Army to occupy vast stretches of German , Czech , Rumanian , Hungarian , and Yugoslav territory , which the Americans could have easily taken instead .
On May 7 , 1945 , just before the German capitulation , Patton had a conference in Austria with U.S. Secretary of War Robert Patterson .
Patton was gravely concerned over the Soviet failure to respect the demarcation lines separating the Soviet and American occupation zones .
He was also alarmed by plans in Washington for the immediate partial demobilization of the U.S. Army .
Patton said to Patterson : " Let 's keep our boots polished , bayonets sharpened , and present a picture of force and strength to the Red Army .
This is the only language they understand and respect . "
Patterson replied , " Oh , George , you have been so close to this thing so long , you have lost sight of the big picture . "
Patton rejoined : " I understand the situation .
Their ( the Soviet ) supply system is inadequate to maintain them in a serious action such as I could put to them .
They have chickens in the coop and cattle on the hoof -- that 's their supply system .
They could probably maintain themselves in the type of fighting I could give them for five days .
After that it would make no difference how many million men they have , and if you wanted Moscow I could give it to you .
They lived on the land coming down .
There is insufficient left for them to maintain themselves going back .
Let 's not give them time to build up their supplies .
If we do , then . . . we have had a victory over the Germans and disarmed them , but we have failed in the liberation of Europe ; we have lost the war ! "
Patton 's urgent and prophetic advice went unheeded by Patterson and the other politicians and only served to give warning about Patton 's feelings to the alien conspirators behind the scenes in New York , Washington , and Moscow .
The more he saw of the Soviets , the stronger Patton 's conviction grew that the proper course of action would be to stifle communism then and there , while the chance existed .
Later in May 1945 he attended several meetings and social affairs with top Red Army officers , and he evaluated them carefully .
He noted in his diary on May 14 : " I have never seen in any army at any time , including the German Imperial Army of 1912 , as severe discipline as exists in the Russian army .
The officers , with few exceptions , give the appearance of recently civilized Mongolian bandits . "
And Patton 's aide , General Hobart Gay , noted in his own journal for May 14 : " Everything they ( the Russians ) did impressed one with the idea of virility and cruelty . "
Nevertheless , Patton knew that the Americans could whip the Reds then -- but perhaps not later .
On May 18 he noted in his diary : " In my opinion , the American Army as it now exists could beat the Russians with the greatest of ease , because , while the Russians have good infantry , they are lacking in artillery , air , tanks , and in the knowledge of the use of the combined arms , whereas we excel in all three of these .
If it should be necessary to fight the Russians , the sooner we do it the better . "
Two days later he repeated his concern when he wrote his wife : " If we have to fight them , now is the time .
From now on we will get weaker and they stronger . "
Having immediately recognized the Soviet danger and urged a course of action which would have freed all of eastern Europe from the communist yoke with the expenditure of far less American blood than was spilled in Korea and Vietnam and would have obviated both those later wars not to mention World War III -- Patton next came to appreciate the true nature of the people for whom World War II was fought : the Jews .
Most of the Jews swarming over Germany immediately after the war came from Poland and Russia , and Patton found their personal habits shockingly uncivilized .
He was disgusted by their behavior in the camps for Displaced Persons ( DP's ) which the Americans built for them and even more disgusted by the way they behaved when they were housed in German hospitals and private homes .
He observed with horror that " these people do not understand toilets and refuse to use them except as repositories for tin cans , garbage , and refuse . . .
They decline , where practicable , to use latrines , preferring to relieve themselves on the floor . "
He described in his diary one DP camp , " where , although room existed , the Jews were crowded together to an appalling extent , and in practically every room there was a pile of garbage in one corner which was also used as a latrine .
The Jews were only forced to desist from their nastiness and clean up the mess by the threat of the butt ends of rifles .
Of course , I know the expression ' lost tribes of Israel ' applied to the tribes which disappeared -- not to the tribe of Judah from which the current sons of bitches are descended .
However , it is my personal opinion that this too is a lost tribe -- lost to all decency . "
Patton 's initial impressions of the Jews were not improved when he attended a Jewish religious service at Eisenhower 's insistence .
His diary entry for September 17 , 1945 , reads in part : " This happened to be the feast of Yom Kippur , so they were all collected in a large , wooden building , which they called a synagogue .
It behooved General Eisenhower to make a speech to them .
We entered the synagogue , which was packed with the greatest stinking bunch of humanity I have ever seen .
When we got about halfway up , the head rabbi , who was dressed in a fur hat similar to that worn by Henry VIII of England and in a surplice heavily embroidered and very filthy , came down and met the General . . .
The smell was so terrible that I almost fainted and actually about three hours later lost my lunch as the result of remembering it . "
These experiences and a great many others firmly convinced Patton that the Jews were an especially unsavory variety of creature and hardly deserving of all the official concern the American government was bestowing on them .
Another September diary entry , following a demand from Washington that more German housing be turned over to Jews , summed up his feelings : " Evidently the virus started by Morgenthau and Baruch of a Semitic revenge against all Germans is still working .
Harrison ( a U.S. State Department official ) and his associates indicate that they feel German civilians should be removed from houses for the purpose of housing Displaced Persons .
There are two errors in this assumption .
First , when we remove an individual German we punish an individual German , while the punishment is -- not intended for the individual but for the race .
Furthermore , it is against my Anglo - Saxon conscience to remove a person from a house , which is a punishment , without due process of law .
In the second place , Harrison and his ilk believe that the Displaced Person is a human being , which he is not , and this applies particularly to the Jews , who are lower than animals . "
One of the strongest factors in straightening out General Patton 's thinking on the conquered Germans was the behavior of America 's controlled news media toward them .
At a press conference in Regensburg , Germany , on May 8 , 1945 , immediately after Germany 's surrender , Patton was asked whether he planned to treat captured SS troops differently from other German POW's .
His answer was : " No. SS means no more in Germany than being a Democrat in America -- that is not to be quoted .
I mean by that that initially the SS people were special sons of bitches , but as the war progressed they ran out of sons of bitches and then they put anybody in there .
Some of the top SS men will be treated as criminals , but there is no reason for trying someone who was drafted into this outfit . . . "
Despite Patton 's request that his remark not be quoted , the press eagerly seized on it , and Jews and their front men in America screamed in outrage over Patton 's comparison of the SS and the Democratic Party as well as over his announced intention of treating most SS prisoners humanely .
With great reluctance , and only after repeated promptings from Eisenhower , he had thrown German families out of their homes to make room for more than a million Jewish DP 's -- part of the famous " six million " who had supposedly been gassed -- but he balked when ordered to begin blowing up German factories , in accord with the infamous Morgenthau Plan to destroy Germany 's economic basis forever .
In his diary he wrote : " I doubted the expediency of blowing up factories , because the ends for which the factories are being blown up -- that is , preventing Germany from preparing for war -- can be equally well attained through the destruction of their machinery , while the buildings can be used to house thousands of homeless persons . "
Similarly , he expressed his doubts to his military colleagues about the overwhelming emphasis being placed on the persecution of every German who had formerly been a member of the National Socialist party .
In a letter to his wife of September 14 , 1945 , he said : " I am frankly opposed to this war criminal stuff .
It is not cricket and is Semitic .
I am also opposed to sending POW 's to work as slaves in foreign lands ( i.e. , the Soviet Union 's Gulags ) , where many will be starved to death . "
Despite his disagreement with official policy , Patton followed the rules laid down by Morgenthau and others back in Washington as closely as his conscience would allow , but he tried to moderate the effect , and this brought him into increasing conflict with Eisenhower and the other politically ambitious generals .
In another letter to his wife he commented : " I have been at Frankfurt for a civil government conference .
If what we are doing ( to the Germans ) is ' Liberty , then give me death . '
I can't see how Americans can sink so low .
It is Semitic , and I am sure of it . "
And in his diary he noted : , " Today we received orders . . . in which we were told to give the Jews special accommodations .
If for Jews , why not Catholics , Mormons , etc ? . . .
We are also turning over to the French several hundred thousand prisoners of war to be used as slave labor in France .
It is amusing to recall that we fought the Revolution in defense of the rights of man and the Civil War to abolish slavery and have now gone back on both principles . "
His duties as military governor took Patton to all parts of Germany and intimately acquainted him with the German people and their condition .
He could not help but compare them with the French , the Italians , the Belgians , and even the British .
This comparison gradually forced him to the conclusion that World War II had been fought against the wrong people .
After a visit to ruined Berlin , he wrote his wife on July 21 , 1945 : " Berlin gave me the blues .
We have destroyed what could have been a good race , and we are about to replace them with Mongolian savages .
And all Europe will be communist .
It 's said that for the first week after they took it ( Berlin ) , all women who ran were shot and those who did not were raped .
I could have taken it ( instead of the Soviets ) had I been allowed . "
This conviction , that the politicians had used him and the U.S. Army for a criminal purpose , grew in the following weeks .
During a dinner with French General Alphonse Juin in August , Patton was surprised to find the Frenchman in agreement with him .
His diary entry for August 18 quotes Gen. Juin : " It is indeed unfortunate , mon General , that the English and the Americans have destroyed in Europe the only sound country -- and I do not mean France .
Therefore , the road is now open for the advent of Russian communism . "
Later diary entries and letters to his wife reiterate this same conclusion .
On August 31 he wrote : " Actually , the Germans are the only decent people left in Europe .
it 's a choice between them and the Russians .
I prefer the Germans . "
And on September 2 : " What we are doing is to destroy the only semi-modern state in Europe , so that Russia can swallow the whole . "
By this time the Morgenthauists and media monopolists had decided that Patton was incorrigible and must be discredited .
So they began a non -stop hounding of him in the press , a la Watergate , accusing him of being " soft on Nazis " and continually recalling an incident in which he had slapped a shirker two years previously , during the Sicily campaign .
A New York newspaper printed the completely false claim that when Patton had slapped the soldier who was Jewish , he had called him a " yellow - bellied Jew . "
Then , in a press conference on September 22 , reporters hatched a scheme to needle Patton into losing his temper and making statements which could be used against him .
The scheme worked .
The press interpreted one of Patton 's answers to their insistent questions as to why he was not pressing the Nazi - hunt hard enough as : " The Nazi thing is just like a Democrat - Republican fight . "
The New York Times headlined this quote , and other papers all across America picked it up .
The unmistakable hatred which had been directed at him during this press conference finally opened Patton 's eyes fully as to what was afoot .
In his diary that night lie wrote : " There is a very apparent Semitic influence in the press .
They are trying to do two things : first , implement communism , and second , see that all businessmen of German ancestry and non-Jewish antecedents are thrown out of their jobs .
" They have utterly lost the Anglo - Saxon conception of justice and feel that a man can be kicked out because somebody else says he is a Nazi .
They were evidently quite shocked when I told them I would kick nobody out without the successful proof of guilt before a court of law . . .
" Another point which the press harped on was the fact that we were doing too much for the Germans to the detriment of the DP's , most of whom are Jews .
I could not give the answer to that one , because the answer is that , in my opinion and that of most nonpolitical officers , it is vitally necessary for us to build Germany up now as a buffer state against Russia .
In fact , I am afraid we have waited too long . "
And in a letter of the same date to his wife : " I will probably be in the headlines before you get this , as the press is trying to quote me as being more interested in restoring order in Germany than in catching Nazis .
I can't tell them the truth that unless we restore Germany we will insure that communism takes America . "
Eisenhower responded immediately to the press outcry against Patton and made the decision to relieve him of his duties as military governor and " kick him upstairs " as the commander of the Fifteenth Army .
In a letter to his wife on September 29 , Patton indicated that he was , in a way , not unhappy with his new assignment , because " I would like it much better than being a sort of executioner to the best race in Europe . "
On October 22 he wrote a long letter to Maj. Gen. James G. Harbord , who was back in the States .
In the letter Patton bitterly condemned the Morgenthau policy ; Eisenhower 's pusillanimous behavior in the face of Jewish demands ; the strong pro-Soviet bias in the press ; and the politicization , corruption , degradation , and demoralization of the U.S.
Army which these things were causing .
He saw the demoralization of the Army as a deliberate goal of America 's enemies : " I have been just as furious as you at the compilation of lies which the communist and Semitic elements of our government have leveled against me and practically every other commander .
In my opinion it is a deliberate attempt to alienate the soldier vote from the commanders , because the communists know that soldiers are not communistic , and they fear what eleven million votes ( of veterans ) would do . "
In his letter to Harbord , Patton also revealed his own plans to fight those who were destroying the morale and integrity of the Army and endangering America 's future by not opposing the growing Soviet might : " It is my present thought . . . that when I finish this job , which will be around the first of the year , I shall resign , not retire , because if I retire I will still have a gag in my mouth . . .
I should not start a limited counterattack , which would be contrary to my military theories , but should wait until I can start an all - out offensive . . . . "
http://newsfromthewest.blogspot.com/2009/02/
general - george-s-patton-on-jews_17.html
A Florida mother says she 's surprised at what a talking Elmo doll had to say after she changed its batteries .
She claims the doll -- which belongs to her two - year - old son -- is making death threats .
The Sesame Street character now says , ?
Kill James .?
That ?s her son ?s name .
Fisher - Price -- the toy company that makes the dolls -- has now said it will issue the family a voucher for a replacement doll and investigate the problem .
Federal Human Resources Minister Diane Finley has explained why she , and presumably the Harper government , is opposed to raising employment insurance payments for unemployed workers , or making it easier to qualify .
" We do not want to make it lucrative for them to stay home and get paid for it , " she said on January 30 .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
In essence , she is saying that Canadian workers , in their hearts , are lazy and would prefer sitting at home to working .
If that is the case , how do she and her government explain that Canadian workers are considered to be among the most productive in the world ?
They work in demanding , difficult and often dangerous occupations .
Whether it be bush work in - 40 degree weather ; in hot restaurant kitchens ; in sawmills and pulp mills ; in mines , steel mills and assembly plants ; in fishing and farming ; on oil & gas and construction projects ; in hospitals and schools ; in minimum wage service sector jobs , it is their labour that is the foundation of all wealth creation in this country .
This nation not built by slackers
The Canadian people like to work , and always have .
It is one of their distinguishing and outstanding characteristics , and one that they take great pride in .
How else to explain this country coming into being with a modern economy and infrastructure ?
How else to explain the wealth that has been extracted from a land with some of the harshest climactic conditions and geography in the world ?
Indeed , one of the worst fears that Canadians as a whole have is losing their jobs .
Psychologists have noted that worry about unemployment , and job loss itself , can be a significant cause of psychological distress , leading to depression , marriage break - ups , substance abuse and other problems .
So just what kind of mindset are Finley and the Harper government proceeding from in making such slanderous statements against Canadian workers ?
According to Finley , the reason the government is making it difficult for unemployed workers to receive EI benefits , is so that they will be prompted to move away to some other part of the country where there are " significant skill shortages . "
She said this on the last day of January , a month in which 129,000 Canadians lost their jobs , 35,000 of those here in B.C .
Roaming in desperation
So , a laid off millworker in Mackenzie or Fort St. James , B.C. , should close up the mortgaged house , help the spouse load up the car with mattresses and other household possessions , buckle the kids into the back seat , and go ... where ?
Prince George ?
But the mills there are laying off , not hiring .
The Alberta oil patch ?
Oil prices are plunging and people are losing their jobs .
Vancouver ?
Idle cranes and abandoned construction projects are becoming a feature of the landscape .
Southern Ontario ?
The manufacturing economy has been in the toilet for several years now .
According to Statistics Canada , unemployment is rising around the country , with " the worst yet to come . "
Picking up and moving at this time could very well be a recipe for ending up out of work and homeless on the streets of some big city .
Define ' lucrative '
Instead of taking every measure so that the millions of Canadian workers can survive through this looming economic hurricane , hold onto their houses , pay their hydro and gas bills , and put enough food on the table for their kids , Finley and her federal colleagues are fixated on making sure that EI payments remain inadequate , as well as difficult to obtain .
How mean - spirited can they get ?
It is as if the federal government was operating a soup kitchen with public funds and putting ground glass into the porridge .
There is a lot of irony in the federal government labeling EI payments as being " lucrative . "
For one thing , the maximum benefits are about $ 435 a week , which comes to about $ 1750 a month .
Many people who pay into the fund are not even eligible , and many do not get anywhere near the maximum amount .
How can $ 1200 , $ 1400 or even $ 1750 a month , for 50 weeks or less , be called in any way " lucrative " ?
In some towns and cities , rent and utilities alone will take up most of that amount .
How does a single person keep his or her head above water , let alone a family with 2 or 3 kids ?
Looting Employment Insurance
But there is another irony here , also .
In fact , it is the federal government that is the one that should be accused of pursuing " lucrative " benefits , of getting something for nothing .
One of the single most disgraceful things that the government has done over the last few years has been to loot the huge EI fund .
This fund , which amounts to over $ 54 billion , has been built up entirely by payments from workers and employers .
Yet that has not stopped the government from stealing almost all of it and using it for its own political and economic ends .
As the old saying goes , the pot is calling the kettle black .
Yes , Minister Diane Finley , with your EI policy , you want to make sure that the " lazy " workers of Canada get out there and find a job , and , presumably , you 'll even tell them where to go and get one .
One thing you can bet on , though .
After hearing your recent comments , a lot of workers , whether they are employed or unemployed , whether they live in Mackenzie , Grand Falls or Windsor , would love to have a chance to tell you where to go .
Related
Tyee stories :
Twitter is the hugest phenomenon of today ’s Internet .
Connecting to people real - time ( even if they are offline ) , getting instant updates from friends , being up - to - date with most recent news – these are just few advantages of the tool .
Another possibility to make the most of Twitter is to use it for shopping .
Ask your friends their opinion on the product you plan to buy and you will get lots of Tweets immediately from people you trust .
But Twitter shopping benefits are not limited to only that !
Check out the following tips on using Twitter for shopping :
Use Twitter Search
Twitter offers an advanced search platform that you can use to find out what real people say about the retailer you are considering or a product you want to buy .
Consider these quick tips on what operators you can use to get properly prepared for your purchase .
Do you want to find negative reviews by the unsatisfied customer ?
Try to search Twitter for the retailer ’s name and include 🙁 to your search – [ retailer ’s name :( ] search will return tweets by displeased people criticizing some news and products .
Example : [ Amazon 🙁]
Check what reputable sources say about the store or product you are considering .
Try to search for the store name and add from : twitter_username to restrict search results to what the Twitter user was saying .
Example : [ Amazon from : mashable ] to search for Amazon - related news discussed by Mashable.com
Look for product or retailer mentions near you : use near : city_name advanced operator .
Example : [ Nokia near : seattle ]
Search for product - or retailer - related questions : add ? to your search query .
Example : [ Apple iPhone ? ]
Create Your Twitter Group
TwitterGroups is a Twitter application that allows you to create your own group of interest ; you can then promote it on Twitter and invite friends .
Create a group specifically to exchange shopping lists and reviews with your online friends .
You can also join other shopping - related groups ; here are a few to consider :
Find Your Retailer on Twitter
Do you know that numerous online retailers are starting to use Twitter for customer service ?
Try to find the retailer you plan to buy from and try to :
Ask him a public question ( see how quick he will be to respond ) ;
See what others ask him – use this advanced search command : [ @retailer_name ] to find all Tweets addressed to him .
A few huge businesses that are on Twitter already :
You can also try to get the retailers find you !
Most businesses monitor Twitter for their names mentions .
Try to tweet using the retailer ’s brand name and in some time you may hear from him !
So , no matter how much you might be tired of Twitter - related articles and guides , there is no denying the fact that Twitter is an awesome tool with unlimited yet - to - be - explored spheres of usage .
So do n’t forget to use it before buying anything !
In order to get away from the stresses of everyday life , we sometimes long to take a holiday at some far - away tropical paradise .
However , this is not always an option for the majority of us and so we indulge in other forms of escapism , with video / computer games being one of them .
Here ’s a list ( in alphabetical order ) of some of the more fascinating locations on offer for those of us that like our holidays to come on a CD ( some of which would probably kill us … But oh well ) .
American McGee ’s Alice Taking you on a warped and twisted adventure through a dystopian Wonderland , this dark reimagining of Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland offered up some interesting and exotic locations .
Whilst not necessarily the type of place you ’d want to spend much time in alone especially if you were n’t too fond of cards , it was nevertheless a thoroughly entertaining place to be .
Assassin ’s Creed Possibly one of the best adventure games in which you portrayed an assassin whose duty it was to assassinate important figures in the Holy Land , some of the high vantage points in the city provided you with a fantastic view of whichever city you were in , with the highlight being able to freefall to the ground , with your fall being totally broken by a thin layer of hay .
Bioshock
Anyone that ’s visited Rapture will understand the visual appeal of this place and if there are those out there that have n’t trodden the damp corridors of this fallen underwater “ paradise ” , then would you kindly do so ?
Deus Ex An Every time you mention it , SOMEONE reinstalls it .
Hong Kong was a particular highlight , because it had awesome neon signs .
Everywhere should have awesome neon signs .
The Dig Released in 1995 , this game is sadly often overlooked .
Regarded as being one of the most serious LucasArts adventure games , containing little of their trademark slapstick or humor , it is still nonetheless an underrated classic .
As a team of astronauts attempts to stop an asteroid from crashing into Earth , they are transported to an alien world which offers them many wondrous sights .
Fable 2
A fantastically deep ( if a little buggy ) action RPG with hours upon hours of things to do , even if those things are relatively mundane like – for example – starting a family , when you could be out there saving the world with the help of Stephen Fry .
Albion did offer the player some fascinating sights along the way , particularly of lush countryside , complete with windmills .
Fallout 3
As if wondering around in a post - apocalyptic wasteland version of America was n’t going to provide something interesting to look at ( although admittedly , if everything had been totally obliterated , there really would n’t have been much to see ) .
Here is Tenpenny Tower , home of As if wondering around in a post - apocalyptic wasteland version of America was n’t going to provide something interesting to look at ( although admittedly , if everything had been totally obliterated , there really would n’t have been much to see ) .
Here is Tenpenny Tower , home of Allistair Tenpenny , a man who will potentially provide you with another ” explosive ” ( warning : spoiler ) sight to see .
Far Cry 1 + 2
Whether playing as the first ’s Jack Carver or the second ’s mercenary , it is true to say that the Far Cry series can provide some stunning vistas .
Far Cry 1 had a tropical island paradise , whereas 2 had a fictional Central - African nation to traverse , filled with exotic foliage and wildlife .
That you could then realistically set fire to .
Half Life 2
When not busy smashing open crates and polishing his crowbar , Gordon Freeman could observe his surroundings and would perhaps not find them to be a comfortable place in which to set up home , but nevertheless would marvel at the urban decay , the giant tower in the middle of City 17 , or the shiny coastline at the When not busy smashing open crates and polishing his crowbar , Gordon Freeman could observe his surroundings and would perhaps not find them to be a comfortable place in which to set up home , but nevertheless would marvel at the urban decay , the giant tower in the middle of City 17 , or the shiny coastline at the Lost Coast
Heroes of Might and Magic 3
Stemming from a long line of turn - based strategy fantasy games , with the Stemming from a long line of turn - based strategy fantasy games , with the third one is generally regarded as being the best .
When not trying to stockpile Archangels or becoming increasingly frustrated at the overwhelming enemy armies or combat AI , you could stop to admire the lush scenery portrayed in the strategic map section .
Ico Both this game and its spiritual successor ( more of which , later ) feature stunning ( read : insane and random ) architecture that would at times make your jaw drop , despite the fact that you were carting around some irritatingly inept young lady that needed saving all the time .
Jagged Alliance Good , old , Good , old , Jagged Alliance .
Originally released in 1994 , this tactical , strategic , sort of role - playing game gave you explosions and mercenaries at the same time as giving you a tropical island to do it on .
Sun , sand , sea , expensive guards , very limited funds , it could all be yours .
The Longest Journey A good , old - fashioned , simple point - and - click adventure game , this one , except that it sent your character ( April ) into alternate and alien worlds and dimensions , where she had to deal with magic , the Balance , Draic - Kin , starting the game in her underwear , stupid people wanting to date her and many more challenges along the way .
Mass Effect Man or woman ?
Male or Female ?
Whatever you chose , you still ended up with “ Shepard ” as your name .
Whilst stirring up the media with its much - hyped sex scene ( between humans or inter- species , the choice is yours ) , it also let you travel to entire alien worlds , allowing the player to experience horizons totally foreign but at the same time visually appealing .
NetHack Ah , Ah , NetHack .
Stunning scenery , babbling brooks , vibrant vistas and other such visual alliteration , NetHack had none of it .
This …This is a joke .
Oblivion Now THIS was awesome and by association , so was its predecessor , Morrowind .
Whilst the player is saddened ( or delighted , if you ’re that way inclined ) at the lack of Patrick Stewart , there is glory to be had in the amazing ocular experiences that Oblivion can provide .
Lush fields and pastures , dungeons that look as damp as they would no doubt feel , sprawling cities , filled to saturation with the same 5 voice actors , it was all incredible .
It was made even more outstanding by the Now THIS was awesome and by association , so was its predecessor , Morrowind .
Whilst the player is saddened ( or delighted , if you ’re that way inclined ) at the lack of Patrick Stewart , there is glory to be had in the amazing ocular experiences that Oblivion can provide .
Lush fields and pastures , dungeons that look as damp as they would no doubt feel , sprawling cities , filled to saturation with the same 5 voice actors , it was all incredible .
It was made even more outstanding by the modding community that love to continuously pimp things up
Shadow of the Colossus
As mentioned previously , this is Ico ’s spiritual successor .
The game had you roaming all across a “ forbidden land ” in an attempt to slay 16 colossi and resurrect an ancient force in order to bring a loved one back to life .
Along the way you would encounter fantastic architecture , visually incredible rolling fields , mountains and well …
Pretty much anything that you could see in the game looked amazing .
The colossi themselves were … Well … They were massive , with one of them actually being big enough so as to actually be the entire level .
Stalker Regardless of whether it ’s the first ( Shadow of Chernobyl ) or the second ( Clear Sky ) game , you will still get the same urban decay , the same fields littered with corrugated iron , abandoned vehicles and other scrap .
It might not sound pleasant and it most likely is n’t , but it does create an outstanding atmosphere and it certainly looks extraordinary ( if a little oppressive ) .
As you explored the ruined Regardless of whether it ’s the first ( Shadow of Chernobyl ) or the second ( Clear Sky ) game , you will still get the same urban decay , the same fields littered with corrugated iron , abandoned vehicles and other scrap .
It might not sound pleasant and it most likely is n’t , but it does create an outstanding atmosphere and it certainly looks extraordinary ( if a little oppressive ) .
As you explored the ruined Zone of Exclusion / Alienation surrounding the remains of Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant , you just had to sometimes stop , take in the sights as the wind breezed past you , then take a step forward and die immediately at the hands of an unseen anomaly .
Netbooks are getting so cheap you 'll start to feel like you 're losing money by not buying one .
A good example is Dell 's Inspiron Mini 9 , which is $ 200 today only .
The specs :
Display : 8.9 - inches , 1,024 - by - 600 pixels
Processor : 1.6 GHz Intel Atom
RAM : 512MB
Storage : 4GB solid state drive
Battery : 4-cell
Operating System : Ubuntu Linux 8.04.1
Sometimes hard times ain't so bad , huh ?
According to Technabob , the deal is expiring 11:59 p.m. central time .
Product Page [ Dell via Liliputing ]
Photo : Saravanan07 / Flickr
Don , t Use Your Cell Phone While We Are Playing .
Depositing metal ( usually chromium ) onto the surface where you want the fold to be .
This causes the material to curl upward , but it does not allow for right angles or accordion - type folds .
Directing a beam of helium ions onto the desired fold location .
The beams imprint patterns that will cause the material to fold once it's removed from the surface .
High - energy beams go to the bottom of the material and cause it to fold up ; ions from low - energy beams accumulate at the top of the material and make it fold down .
Embedding gold wires in the material .
A current running along the gold wires interacts with an external magnetic field , creating a Lorentz force that lifts the face .
This technique is a form of directed self - assembly , where the designer provides the template and then lets the device assemble itself .
Folding paper into shapes such as a crane or a butterfly is challenging enough for most people .
Now imagine trying to fold something that 's about a hundred times thinner than a human hair and then putting it to use as an electronic device .
A team of researchers led by George Barbastathis , associate professor of mechanical engineering , is developing the basic principles of " nano - origami , " a new technique that allows engineers to fold nanoscale materials into simple 3 - D structures .
The tiny folded materials could be used as motors and capacitors , potentially leading to better computer memory storage , faster microprocessors and new nanophotonic devices .
Traditional micro- and nano - fabrication techniques such as X - ray lithography and nano - imprinting work beautifully for two - dimensional structures , and are commonly used to build microprocessors and other micro-electrical - mechanical ( MEMS ) devices .
However , they cannot create 3 - D structures .// MIT Tech TV " A lot of what 's done now is planar , " says Tony Nichol , a mechanical engineering graduate student working on the project .
" We want to take all of the nice tools that have been developed for 2 - D and do 3 - D things .
" The MIT team uses conventional lithography tools to pattern 2 - D materials at the nanoscale , then folds them into predetermined 3 - D shapes , opening a new realm of possible applications .
The researchers have already demonstrated a 3 - D nanoscale capacitor , developed in collaboration with MIT Professor Yang Shao - Horn , which was presented at the 2005 meeting of the Electrochemical Society .
The current model has only one fold but the more folds that are added , the more energy it will be able to store .
Extra layers also promote faster information flow , just as the human brain 's many folds allow for quicker communication between brain regions , says Nader Shaar , a mechanical engineering graduate student working on the project .
Getting the materials to fold back and forth into an accordion - like structure has been one of the researchers ' biggest challenges , along with getting the faces and edges to line up accurately .
They have worked out several ways to induce the nanomaterials to fold , including :
The folded shapes can be fabricated with a few different types of material , including silicon , silicon nitride ( a type of ceramic ) and a soft polymer known as SU - 8 .
Once the material is folded , the tricky part is getting the faces to align properly .
The researchers have developed a few ways to do this successfully : one uses magnets ; another involves attaching polymers to a certain spot on the faces and melting them with an electric current , sealing the two faces together .
They 're still working on getting faces and edges of a folded cube to line up with nanoscale precision , but Shaar , co-supervised by associate professor of mechanical engineering Carol Livermore , has devised a promising method that uses three pairs of matching holes and protrusions to pull the edge and face into alignment .
The researchers are deep in the development phase of their nano - folded devices , but they are starting to think about how the technology could be used in the future .
" We 've got the core components figured out , and now we 're just having fun with figuring out some applications , " says Nichol .
The French government has been accused of " Big Brother tactics " over a proposed anti-piracy law that aims to punish people who repeatedly illegally download music and films by cutting off their internet access for up to a year .
A bill is to be debated in parliament this week which could lead to a new surveillance agency to monitor internet users .
With the help of internet service providers and tip - offs from music and film companies , those who illegally download music , films or video games would be identified .
They would receive an email warning , followed by a letter , and if caught again would see their internet access cut off for up to a year .
The bill is a pet project of the president , Nicolas Sarkozy , who has taken advice from music and film industry leaders , who have warned that the country 's creative industries are on their knees as a result of illegal downloading .
The president 's wife , the singer Carla Bruni , has long advocated a crackdown on piracy .
Christine Albanel , the culture minister , has said that France is " the world number one " in illegal downloading .
An estimated 1bn pirated files were shared in the country in 2006 .
In a recent poll , 57 % of 18 - 24 - year - olds admitted they had made illegal downloads and one in three French internet users admitted to online piracy .
Music accounts for the biggest share of illegal downloading , followed by films , video games and American TV series .
Although the senate has passed the bill , a row over civil liberties is expected as parliament debates the law this week .
Christian Paul , a Socialist MP leading opposition to the law , said it would create a precedent for " massive surveillance " of the internet and society as a whole .
" Criminalising a whole generation is a dead end , " he added , warning that the law would not bring an extra euro to crisis - hit record companies , which instead needed to look at their business plan .
Socialists argue that the law , which focuses on file sharing or download sites rather than new technologies of streaming , is inconsistent and already outdated .
The consumer group UFC - Que Choisir called the law a " judicial monstrosity " , warning it could cut off homes from the internet before they were given a chance to challenge the accusations .
Several French blogs and websites , as well as groups on Second Life , have protested with black banners across their sites .
Frédéric Lefebvre , a spokesman for Sarkozy 's ruling centre - right UMP party , said the law was about defending the " French cultural exception " and urgently protecting the nation 's creative industries .
The music industry has seen its market plunge by 50 % in the past five years .
The proposed French law will go further than those of Germany or Britain .
An EU report last year argued that cutting off internet use was the wrong way to combat piracy .
But the US , Ireland and Italy have taken measures to work with internet service providers to fight illegal downloading by suspending web access .
Debut album " Little Copper Still " out now on Clubhouse Records !
★ Order CD from the Clubhouse online store
★ Download on iTunes
★ Download on Amazon
Track Listing ( click tracks for lyrics )
01 + Blood & Wine
Lost my heart in a game of cards ,
fashioned a replacement from bottle shards ,
stamped down my boots to get 'em on ,
hitched a ride in the first red dawn
I got blisters on my fingers from counting out
the bills to bribe my witnesses ,
got a headache from the whisky and the weather ,
tornado tuggin ' down my red dress .
Oh saviour , wo n't you send me a sign ?
Ca n't tell anymore what all is mine .
Forgotten how to fathom fortune 's design ,
ca n't taste the difference between blood and wine .
Said that old dirty highway 's too straight for me ,
I 'd rather take the long way around .
Got my clothes from the back of a pickup ,
got my soul from the lost and found ,
And I 'll come round tappin ' on your doorframe ,
singin songs for a bit of pocket change ,
and if you do n't like what you 're hearing ,
detune me till I 'm outta range
I been lookin ' all my life for a good man ,
sweet as maple sugar and rye ,
but everyone I ever got close to ,
tipped his hat , sparked his heels and said goodbye .
And I left you standing on a dark street
the night you thought you 'd set me free ,
well it's all that I can do not to tell you
I 'd pay for your pale hands on me .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates 02 + Chokecherry Blues Jack
Salt walking down the barbwire road ,
said , darlin ' I can help you carry that load ,
Lover wo n't you come home to me ,
meet me under the chokecherry tree
Take you to my house , pitch cedar and pine ,
porch all covered with heartattack vine ,
And I 'll make you up a supper , fried eels in a pan ,
little oleander in your silver billy can
Said , lover wo n't you come home to me ,
meet me under the chokecherry tree
And I 'll make you up a pallet at the foot of my bed ,
lest you need to rest your beautiful head
And in the grey morning no stars will shine
and the dawn will cleave your body from mine
And I 'll wrap you up in linen , put the talents on your eyes ,
sit and wait for the pale sun to rise
Say I 'll wait for you Jack , till you forgive me ,
meet me under the chokecherry tree ,
I 'll wait for you Jack till my soul is free ,
meet me under the chokecherry tree .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates 03 + Ten Gallon Mile
Ten years waitin ' in a dustbowl town
For my gambler 's luck to come around
Said to my demons , come follow me down ,
Ten Gallon Mile put my bones in the ground
Saw you out walkin ' in the yellow sunshine
Jack of Hearts stridin ' your invisible line
Desert rose bloomed in this heart of mine
Cold steel thorns all silver and fine
Took you in ' cause brother , it'd been a while ,
Fallin ' for you would be my heart 's sore trial
Said , this Capulet collapses for your rhinestone smile
Kickin ' your heels down the Ten Gallon Mile
Lonesome hearts are hungry for a human love
I was hangin ' on your every breath
Thought your soul fit mine like a hand in a glove
But we were severed , my love , in death
Cut you from the cross with my pearl - handled knife
Laid your hands across your chest
The sheriff 's court done taken your life
The buzzards 'll do the rest .
When that dark day of Judgement 's finally here
I wo n't fly up with the angels to the cold blue air
Just come to the crossroads and I 'll be there :
The girl with the ribbons in her long red hair
Ten years waitin ' in a dustbowl town
For my gambler 's luck to come around ,
Said to my demons , come follow me down
Ten Gallon Mile put my bones in the ground .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates 04 + Phoenix
Two little birds on the telegraph wire
heading down south ' fore the winter comes down ,
think I can fly on their pretty wings of fire
' Cross the border while the sun goes down
Got a full jug of whisky and a new pair of shoes ,
got my daddy 's leather jacket and my mama 's smile ,
got a lifetime of singing the wintergreen blues ,
wo n't be comin back for a long long while
Do n't you worry ' bout me now ,
you ain't really to blame ,
thought you 'd burnt me into bitter ash
but I 'm a phoenix rising in a yellow flame
Black road winding like a ribbon of coal
from the mountains in the pines right down to the sea
between the desert and the lonesome pole
nothing but a canopy of stars over me
Gonna take my tin cup to the town saloon
set it up beside me on the red leather bar ,
make a bit of money howlin up to the moon ,
leave before dawn in the first freight car
I can live driving horses on the rolling plains
or hustling up for money in the city streets ,
in the California sunshine or the delta rains ,
world lies paved in gold at my feet
When you see my picture hung up on the wall ,
lights all around like a halo of pearl ,
you 'll know just as sure as summer turns to fall
it 's time I came to claim the whole damn world
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Guitar & Mandolin : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates 05 + Lover 's Reel Lord , ai n’t you the best thing
that I ever saw ,
come down and dance a reel with me ,
I ’ll teach you what your feet are for .
Lord , ai n’t you the best thing
that I ever saw ,
come hold my hand and kiss my mouth ,
I ’ll teach you what your tongue is for .
Lord , ai n’t you the best thing
that I ever saw ,
come lay with me my darlin ,
I ’ll teach you what your bed is for .
Well , Lord ai n’t I the best thing
that you ever had ?
Come live with me and be my love ,
I wo n’t ever make you sad .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Guitar & Bass : Jason Moffat ,
Drums : Antony Giannini 06 + Extrication Row Drank all the beer in your parlour ,
ate all the honey in your jar ,
took a hundred dollar bill from your coffee can ,
drove away in your brand new car .
Do n’t you send the state cars for me ,
you do n’t even know my name .
All I ever wanted was to be free ,
no trouble , no blues , no blame .
Well , baby , I shoulda told you
a long long time ago ,
wherever I come from I always finish up
on Extrication Row
Think a gold band gonna hold me ,
think a veil gonna tie me down ?
I ’m married to the darkening highway ,
left a trail of dust in every town .
Once saw a bird on a millblade ,
high above the black tree fern ,
but he flew away as soon as the wind blew ,
and them arms began to turn
Well , baby , I shoulda told you
a long long time ago ,
wherever I come from I always finish up
on Extrication Row
Now baby do n’t you fret so plaintive ,
do n’t you know that leavin ai n’t no crime ?
I might not have given you my heart , but
I gave you a grand ole time
And if you stand out on your front porch ,
look out of your window now and then ,
you might see me on the horizon
if I ’m passin through here again …
Well , baby , I shoulda told you
a long long time ago ,
wherever I come from I always finish up
on Extrication Row
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates
07 + Withering Pines Down in the withering pines
down in the withering pines
I took a life that was not mine ,
down in the withering pines
Lain in a pool of blood
lain in a pool of blood
just like a sinner after the flood ,
lain in a pool of blood
Meltwater wash my hands
meltwater wash my hands ,
Lord , strike me down here where I stand ,
meltwater wash my hands
Crows in the deepening sky
crows in the deepening sky
circling above me with their black eyes
crows in the deepening sky
Jesus , what 's left to save ?
Jesus , what 's left to save ?
Bury me in an unmarked grave ,
Jesus what 's left to save ?
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates
08 + Letter to a Lover I 'm gonna sit right down and write me a little letter ,
a letter to a lover I will meet someday .
I 'm gonna sit right down and write me a little letter ,
figure out all the sweet things I 'm gonna say .
Oh I know that someday I will meet my sweetheart ,
he 'll call my name and I will turn around ,
and I 'll fall straight into the arms of that sweetheart ,
then I can will lay my burden down .
Well , tell the Fates that I will find my true love ,
somewhere round the bend of the river or the road ,
and tell them surely bad luck 's all behind me ,
and fortune good upon me shall be bestowed .
Well I 've often had a life of sore misfortune ,
I picked every bad apple in the cart ,
but now I have true faith in my revival ,
that someone good and true will win my heart .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums : Stephen Coates , Violin : Sheila Schat 09 + The Colour My lover has gone far away ,
cross the blue horizon .
Left my heart ’s flag here to sway ,
a wound to gather poison .
Said he ’d send me somethin ' back ,
down the jagged range ,
but I ’m the Queen they dealt his Jack ,
some things never change .
Bought a pitch and staked his claim ,
stretched the wire round
Pray there ’s more than dirt and shame
in that stony ground .
The water rushes thin and clear
back here on the plains ,
pray he ’ll find the colour
to repay me for my pains .
Lover , wo n’t you come on home
cross this dusty land ?
Do n’t care if all you ’ve got to show
is nothin in your hand .
I miss your tender weary eyes ,
your hungry travellin heart ,
give all the gold in China
that we may never part .
Ai n’t no colour in the mountains ,
ai n’t no colour in the sea ,
ai n’t no colour in the riverbed ,
no colour for you and me .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Banjo & Guitar : Jason Moffat ,
Bass : Pedro Vidal , Drums & Percussion : Stephen Coates 10 + Choke Chain
I burnt your letters ,
I burnt your clothes ,
I 'd burn your bones
if they were still in my hands to hold
And I 'm going boldly
with all the lies you told me
in a bag I 'm gonna leave
by the side of the road .
Black dog you blame me
for your lifetime 's pain ,
but I am not your keeper ,
and my love was not a choke chain
Do n't want no comfort ,
do n't want no cheer ,
do n't want no devil
whisperin in my ear .
I 'll keep my heart in my fist ,
keep my axe in my hand ,
if you come near me
I 'll cut you down where you stand .
Black dog you blame me
for your lifetime 's pain ,
but I am not your keeper ,
and my love was not a choke chain
Black dog you blame me
for your lifetime 's pain ,
but I am not your keeper ,
and my love was not a choke chain
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill 11 + Cinder Path Cinder path comes up to my door
grey as the town where I was born
baby I know what goodbye is for ,
do n’t want you comin round here no more .
Got a shack out back in the blasted pines ,
little copper still make me my moonshine
when that runs dry I ’ll just go on outside , get
high on the smell of the sulphur mine .
This timber house is my joy and pride ,
came to me when my daddy died ,
well you cheated , darlin , and you lied ,
you ’ll never have me for your bride …
My road swings round the Douglas firs ,
I see your car comin round the curve ,
well baby you got some goddamn nerve ,
I am just another thing that you do not
deserve .
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Guitar : Jason Moffat , Bass : Pedro Vidal ,
Drums & Percussion : Stephen Coates 12 + Johnny Davey 's Blues Johnny
Davey put on your blue suede shirt ,
come to the Dairy Queen ,
you 're looking so fine tonight it hurts ,
finest thing I ever seen
Got a job down south when winter is done ,
down where it ain't too cold ,
tonight we 're gonna go see the rising sun ,
tomorrow we will be old
If we climbed the highest mountain
and looked hard and far ,
do you think we'd see the stars shining ,
lonely as they are
in the windows of our homes ,
the sky 's dark blood against the land 's bone ?
Johnny I knew you man and child
back when the corn was high ,
when the dog rose bloomed all lovely and wild
and the sun rode in the sky .
All the little songbirds in the trees
out on the county line ,
they 're singing a lament for you and me ,
farewell to this northern pine
Johnny , remember the harvest dance
at the September fair ?
I knew that it would be our last chance
and I wore ribbons in my hair .
You said , let 's go down to the river ,
winter is coming soon
and you lay me down in the heather
under the lantern moon
-
Vocals : Chantal Hill , Guitar : Jason Moffat , Cello : Sheila Schat
The Recordings
Most of recordings were recorded at Hyde Street Studios in California with the exception of Ten Gallon Mile and Lovers ' Reel which were recorded in London .
Ian Brennan helped us make the album , stepping in as the producer for the USA recordings , making sure we did n't kill each other etc .... he ’s produced some fine albums , most notably Ramblin ' Jack Elliott 's album ‘ I Stand Alone ’ on Anti Records .
Keeping Up - to - Date
If you want to be kept up - to - date on the release date of Little Copper Still , or indeed anything else like gigs and new recordings , just drop us an email .
All Tracks ( P ) & © 2009 - 2013 The Cedars ( Hill / Moffat / Coates / Vidal )
Vocals : Chantal Hill
Guitar and Banjo : Jason Moffat
Bass : Pedro Vidal
Drums : Stephen Coates
Bass on Lovers ' Reel : Jason Moffat
Drums on Lovers ' Reel : Antony Gianinni
All songs Recorded at Hyde Street Studios , CA , USA except Lovers ' Reel - The Cedars Riverside Studio , London , UK
Ten Gallon Mile - Denmark Street Studios , London , UK Recording Engineer USA : Gabriel Shepard
Recording Engineers UK : Jason Moffat ( Lovers ' Reel ) , Steve Ellis ( Ten Gallon Mile )
All songs Mixed and Mastered by jason Moffat
All tracks Produced by Ian Brennan , except
Ten Gallon Mile and Lovers ' Reel ( The Cedars )
Singles Released " The Colour " ( single ) Track listing :
Side A : The Colour
Side B : Stomp Down Rider ( live )
It 's the first single from the upcoming " Little Copper Still " album !
Available on Limited Edition 7 " vinyl from our
Also available as a download from Side A : The ColourSide B : Stomp Down Rider ( live )
It 's the first single from the upcoming " Little Copper Still " album !
Available on Limited Edition 7 " vinyl from our Vinyl Shop ( only 300 copies pressed ) ; Also available as a download from iTunes , Amazon MP3 , Rhapsody , Napster , IMVU , LimeWire Store , Nokia and more ...
Compilations ft. The Cedars The Nebraska Sessions - A Tribute Featured Track :
Used Cars
Used Cars
Beginner 's Guide To Hoedown Featured Track :
Extrication Row
Extrication Row
Divided By A Common Language Featured Track :
Phoenix
Phoenix
R2 ( Rock ' N ' Reel ) Un - Herd Featured Track :
Blood and Wine
Blood and Wine
Truck 13 Festival compilation Featured Track :
Ten Gallon Mile
Ten Gallon Mile
Special guest appearances by members of The Cedars The Henry Brothers - Death Is Only A Dream
13 . Satan's Jewel Crown
Featuring Chantal 's vocals on : 13 .
Satan's Jewel Crown
The Blazing Zoos - I'll Leave Quietly
01 . I Didn't Have The Material ( Before Now )
03 . Kumbo Prision Blues
Featuring Jason 's banjo twanging on :01 .
I Didn't Have The Material ( Before Now ) 03 .
Kumbo Prision Blues
President Obama has just laid out his new war strategy .
And he 's made it clear that the fight is both in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
So I asked Dennis McDonough , with the National Security Council : Does that mean U.S. ground forces in Pakistan ?
Or more drone attacks ?
" I 'm not going to comment on the notions you laid out there , " he answered , during a White House conference call with bloggers .
But during a separate press conference , Bruce Reidel , who recently completed a strategy review of the region for the White House , offered some hints .
" Thus far , our policy sees Afghanistan and Pakistan as two countries , but one theater of operations for our diplomacy , and one challenge for our overall policy , " he said .
" We have very concrete proposals for increasing economic assistance to Pakistan , proposals that have already been put forward by the Congress .
We 're also looking at what we can do on the military side . "
Michele Flournoy , Undersecretary of Defense for Policy , added , " I certainly believe we are going to be increasing our intelligence focus in this [ Afghan - Pakistan ] theater , and as opportunities arise that may increase the pace of operations , as well . "
Richard Holbrooke , the administration special envoy to the region , said about Pakistan : " of all the dilemmas , problems and challenges we face , that 's going to be the most daunting , because it 's a sovereign country and there is a red line .
And the red line is unambiguous and stated publicly by the Pakistani government over and over again : No foreign troops on our soil . "
Last week , Holbrooke said " we must respect " that " red line . "
Yet , when given the opportunity today to state unambiguously that U.S. troops wo n't go to Pakistan , administration officials did n't give a clear answer .
If anything , they side - stepped the question .
Draw your own conclusions .
Maybe I 'm reading too much into this .
But to me , they 're saying :
Yes , there could well be more forces ( both human and robotic ) .
We 'd just rather not talk about them .
__UPDATE : __In an interview on the Pentagon Channel ,
Defense Secretary Robert Gates was asked whether American troops would go after Osama bin Laden or one of his top lieutenants , if they were found in Pakistan .
His answer :
I do n't anticipate that U.S. troops would be going into Pakistan in that way .
A big part of what the President announced today is a new kind of partnership with Pakistan , including economic assistance .
But also a willingness to help train their forces and provide the gear that would allow them to improve their own capabilities in counterinsurgency .
What is key here is the regionalization of the problem and getting Afghanistan and Pakistan to work together on both sides of that border to go after al Qaeda and it allies ...
Al Qaeda operates on both sides of that border .
And you really have to go after al Qaeda and its allies on both sides of that border .
And what 's required here is just greater coordination and collaboration – first of all , between the Afghans and the Pakistanis , but also between each of them and ourselves .
Both on a bilateral basis and on a trilateral basis , I think we have to go after these guys on both sides of the border .
*( emphasis mine )
UPDATE 2 : On CBS ' " Face the Nation , " President Obama pretty much did rule out American ground troops in Pakistan .
Obama :
If we have a high - value target within our sights , after consulting with Pakistan , we 're going after them ...
Schieffer :
But you 're talking about going after them .
Are you talking about with American boots on the ground - Obama : No. Schieffer : - pursuing these people into these so - called safe havens ?
President Obama : No .
Our plan does not change the recognition of Pakistan as a sovereign government .
We need to work with them and through them to deal with al Qaeda .
But we have to hold them much more accountable .
The U.S. does have around a hundred troops in Pakistan , training local forces in counterinsurgency .
But what the administration seems to talking about here is combat troops .
Which means al Qaeda will face American soldiers and marines , backed by U.S. airpower , on one side of the Durand Line – and drones on the other .
**
Later in the blogger conference call , Spencer Ackerman asked McDonough about what the President really means by " disrupting " and " defeating " al Qaeda .
His answers were ... well , a little unexpected .
McDonough defined " disrupting " as making sure Osama 's pals could n't carry out attacks in Europe or America any more .
The terror cell or cells could still be intact - just impotent .
Which is different from how I 've imagined a " disrupted " al Qaeda before .
But the really interesting answer was about " defeating " the Osama -ites .
Sure , there 's a harcorde element that " has to be met by force alone . "
But not everyone has to to be turned into Predator flambe .
To make sure new recruits do n't take the place of the fried ones , " the violent , hopeless future offered by Al Qaeda is outshone by different opportunities " in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
As Ackerman points out , " Notice that ' defeat ' here is has an * ideological * meaning , and its primary measurement comes from the perceptions of Afghans and Pakistanis themselves . "
[ Photo : U.S. Army ]
DON'T MISS ANY PERSONAL FINANCE COVERAGE DON'T MISS ANY PERSONAL FINANCE COVERAGE
Sign up for USA TODAY 's Personal Finance e-mail newsletter .
Every Friday , you 'll get a week 's worth of USA TODAY 's personal finance news and columns .
The experienced columnists and reporters at USA TODAY give you the news you need and advice you trust .
SIGN UP NOW .
IT 'S FREE FRUGAL FAMILY CHALLENGE FRUGAL FAMILY CHALLENGE SPECIAL REPORT :
Tips on trimming your budget for everyday expenses ; video WASHINGTON  Americans ' net worth plunged a record 17.9 % in 2008 as the value of their homes , stocks and other assets dropped swiftly , the Federal Reserve said Thursday in a report that did not bode well for consumer spending and the overall economy this year .
With net worth dropping so much , consumers are likely to focus on saving , not spending , as they realize they can't rely on their homes and stock portfolios as ever - rising sources of income , says RDQ Economics senior economist Conrad DeQuadros .
Such saving , while good in the long run , will likely prolong the economic slump .
Consumer spending drives more than two - thirds of U.S. economic activity .
" This does point to further weakness in consumer spending going forward , " DeQuadros says .
Retired engineer Gerald Sullivan , 58 , says he is n't eating out as often or going on vacation now that he 's seen the value of his 401 ( k ) and his home sink .
" I was confident before that I was doing fairly well , " says Sullivan of Venice , Fla .
But , " I have no chance at all of recouping the money by the time I need it . "
U.S. net worth , a measure of households ' assets minus their liabilities , such as debt , was $ 51.5 trillion in 2008 , the lowest since 2003 .
The record annual drop in net worth , the first since 2002 , accelerated as the year progressed .
In the fourth quarter , household net worth dropped 9 % , the biggest decline since quarterly records began in 1951 , the Fed said .
Other details from the report :
• The value of household real estate fell for a second - consecutive year in 2008 , declining 10.5 % , the biggest drop on record .
At $ 18.3 trillion , the total value of U.S. homes was the lowest in five years .
• Stock market wealth plunged a record 39.9 % in 2008 to $ 5.5 trillion , the lowest since 1996 .
• Corporate profits fell 10.8 % in the September - December quarter and were down 8.8 % for the year as a whole .
Consumers have been cutting back spending .
In February , retail sales fell 0.1 % after a 1.8 % increase in January , the Commerce Department said Thursday .
" March will see a deeper , and broader - based , decline in consumer spending that will be repeated over subsequent months , " Mission Residential chief economist Richard Moody says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The in - house lobbying shops of several of the nation 's largest drug companies are still run by GOP - ers .
GOP still dominates drug lobby
With Democrats in charge of both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue , this really ought to be a no- brainer : Should GlaxoSmithKline put a Democrat or a Republican in charge of its Washington lobbying shop ?
But , as obvious as the answer may be , the drug maker is wrestling with the choice — and it sheds light on what seems to be an industry - wide partisan disconnect .
Advertisement
The in - house lobbying shops of at least eight of the nation ’s largest drug companies are still run by Republicans , even as the industry ’s major trade association , PhRMA , is desperately trying to cozy up to Democrats who now control both the Congress and the White House .
It ’s a point that has not been lost on Democrats on Capitol Hill .
“ They ’re dealing with us the same way they dealt with us when we were in the minority , and we ’re not , ” said a Democratic House health staffer .
“ We literally do n’t know where all the different companies stand on anything , so we just do n’t care . ”
Beyond Glaxo , health policy insiders cite as another example of the industry ’s blind spot Abbott Laboratories ’ decision to hire a Republican to help lead the lobbying shop instead of promoting a well - respected Democrat .
An Abbott spokeswoman declined comment .
Merck , Bristol - Myers Squibb , Novartis , Pfizer , Eli Lilly , Genzyme and AstraZeneca also have Republicans heading their Washington lobbying shops , according to industry insiders .
“ It does n’t make any sense , ” a Democratic Senate health care aide said .
“ At the end of the day it hurts them , not us . ”
Republican industry lobbyists played down the importance of pairing the party affiliations of their lobbying executives with the party in power .
“ It ’s a bogus issue , ” said one GOP pharmaceutical lobbyist .
“ It has a lot to do with ginning it up to see if some jobs can be opened up . ”
But former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay ( R - Texas ) certainly sent a different message after the GOP ’s 1994 congressional takeover when he pressured K Street to dump their Democratic lobbyists and hire more Republicans .
Democrats on the Hill and on K Street say they do n’t expect the companies to fire its Republican leaders , but they are puzzled that the companies are n’t acting more aggressively to balance or dilute their stature .
Many K
Street firms have done that by promoting Democrats to partnerships and co-chairmanships , or flipping titles among their top partisans .
Although largely symbolic , the personnel shifts send important signals to Capitol Hill that acknowledge who ’s in charge .
At Glaxo , according to sources with knowledge of the situation , there are two top in - house candidates vying to head the office when Democrat Janie Kinney retires : Patrick McLain , a company lobbyist and a former House Energy and Commerce staffer under Rep. John Dingell ( D - Mich . ) , and Andy Hartsfield , who heads the policy shop and is a former aide to the late Sen. Jesse Helms ( R - N.C. ) .
“ Past political affiliation is not a primary consideration for filling this position , ” the company said in a statement .
“ We are committed to working across both sides of the aisle . ”
For a multibillion - dollar company hiring the head of its Washington office , there are certainly other important job considerations .
But Washington insiders say ignoring party affiliation risks weakening lobbying operations .
For instance , congressional staffers have come to rely heavily on a small cadre of the Republican - led firms ’
Democratic hired guns — who do n’t have the same connections to the corporate leadership .
Without good lines of communication into Democratic offices , drug companies have difficulty dispelling rumors that could have been easily quashed with more bipartisan intelligence , said a Democratic pharmaceutical lobbyist .
Face - to - face communication can also suffer .
Republicans often have difficulty presenting their cases in terms that resonate with Democrats , say lobbyists and congressional staffers .
“ We ’re just coming from different places , couching in terms that you might use when you go into Republican offices .
It just does n’t ring any bells , ” explained one House aide .
“ They do n’t know what our bosses need .
There are only so many things we can do to help if it does n’t help my boss . ”
Finally , without friendly faces on the inside , the companies make it difficult to attract talented Democrats who can take the top spots when they do open up , Democratic lobbyists say .
As some noted :
Why take a job as second fiddle to a Republican when there is major league work elsewhere ?
Many of the companies with Republican lobbyists at the helm have Democrats in their shops .
Several staffers said they had a good relationship with Glaxo lobbyist William Schulyer , a former contender to direct the office .
At Pfizer , Chief Executive Officer Jeff Kindler is a Democrat — one of the few CEOs invited to last week ’s White House Forum on Health Reform .
Democrats do credit the companies ’ trade association , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , for making in - roads with the party through targeted positive advertising and the promotion of its Democratic lobbyists .
It ’s a point PhRMA ’s chief lobbyist Bryant Hall , a Democrat , echoed when defending his member companies .
“ Regardless of their political affiliation , the companies decide the direction and fund the trade association ’s priorities , and no one can dispute that PhRMA is operating in a bipartisan manner , ” Hall said .
Republican pharmaceutical company lobbyists said they work both sides of the aisle .
Their offices are often split equally between Democrats and Republicans , and their political giving has evened out in recent years .
“ Our company does not exist to elect Republicans or ... Democrats , ” said Joe Kelley , Eli Lilly ’s vice president of government affairs .
“ We ’re trying to find people we can work with on both sides of the aisle . ”
A job running a pharmaceutical company ’s Washington office is a roost that few give up easily , and it only comes open occasionally .
When Republicans took charge of Congress in the 1990s , there were still plenty of Democrats heading those offices .
“ Trade associations have much greater ability to say , ‘ It ’s a new majority , let the Republicans go and bring in the Democrats . ’
Companies can’t behave that way , ” said Rich Buckley , AstraZeneca ’s vice president of federal government affairs .
“ They cultivate people for a career ’s worth of service .
HR departments would n’t tolerate saying , ‘ Rich has done a great job , but he ’s the wrong party now . ’ ”
WASHINGTON �( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Treasury Department unveiled its long - awaited plan to remove many of the troubled assets from banks ' books Monday , representing one of the biggest efforts by the U.S. government so far aimed at tackling the ongoing financial crisis .
Under the new so - called " Public - Private Investment Program , " taxpayer funds will be used to seed partnerships with private investors that will buy up toxic assets backed by mortgages and other loans .
The goal is to buy up at least $ 500 billion of existing assets and loans , such as subprime mortgages that are now in danger of default .
Treasury said the program could potentially expand to $ 1 trillion over time , but that the hope is that it would not only help cleanse the balance sheets of many of the nation 's largest banks , which continue to suffer billions of dollars in losses , but help get credit flowing again .
The government will run auctions between the banks selling the assets and the investors buying them , hoping to effectively create a market for these assets .
To kickstart things , the administration said it will commit $ 75 billion to $ 100 billion and would consider how the program is progressing before committing more money .
Even as he acknowledged that the government was taking on risk with this new program , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner defended it as the best alternative , saying that doing nothing would result in a deeper credit crunch and a " longer , deeper recession . "
The plan , which was widely hinted at over the weekend , appeared to be warmly received by Wall Street .
The Dow Jones industrial average gained almost 4 % in late morning trading Monday , helped by a surge in the financials .
Shares of Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) each climbed about 15 % on the New York Stock Exchange .
Investors have been waiting expectantly for details since Geithner first announced the framework of a plan last month to address two of the biggest problems in the banking sector : the toxic assets keeping banks from lending and the shortage of capital at major institutions .
But the latest program may very well add to the cost of federal bailouts to date .
So far , the government has spent $ 2.5 trillion of the more than $ 12 trillion authorized for programs aimed at propping up the nation 's financial services industry and the broader U.S. economy .
Will the plan work ?
One of the biggest difficulties in getting the program off the ground was how to price the soured assets .
If the government paid too little , banks would take the hit .
But if the government overpaid , then already - soaked taxpayers would feel the pinch .
One nagging concern , however , is whether the government 's involvement will actually spur banks and private investor groups , such as hedge funds , pension plans and insurance companies to participate .
Administration officials indicated Sunday they had gotten support from private investors and banks who have been briefed about the program .
But some analysts questioned whether the government 's help would be enough to push investors and banks toward figuring out a price .
At the same time , there are fears that investors may be reluctant to participate in light of the fact that Congress has retroactively altered the terms of many of the government rescue programs so far .
Bill Gross , co-chief investment officer of Pimco , one of the world 's largest bond investment managers , said those concerns were not enough to deter his firm 's interest in the program .
He told CNN that Pimco planned to participate and would also apply to the Treasury for one of the available asset manager positions to help run the program .
Asset manager BlackRock ( BLK , Fortune 500 ) said it also planned to apply .
Geithner said Monday those asset managers and investors who participate will not have to abide by new caps on executive pay that have been imposed on financial institutions that received bailout money .
" These programs are different programs , " Geithner said .
Regulators indicated , however , that they had few other attractive alternatives .
Letting banks continue to hold these assets on their books , for example , would only drag out the crisis and could put the country in a position similar to what happened in Japan during that country 's so - called Lost Decade in the 1990s .
But if the government bought all the bad assets on its own , taxpayers would take on all of the risk .
By investing with private firms under the current plan , the expectation is that taxpayers would share the risk -- as well as any potential returns .
Much like many of the government rescue efforts so far , the latest plan will rely on cooperation from other top regulators , including the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
The FDIC , the nation 's top banking regulator , will conduct an auction for pools of loans banks are looking to sell and would guarantee debt issued by the buyer .
As part of Monday 's announcement , the Federal Reserve would also expand its Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , or TALF , to include lower rated securities backed by residential and commercial mortgages .
The TALF program , which was launched last week , also will help find buyers for issuers of securities backed by other debt , such as auto , credit card , student and small business loans .
President Obama and Geithner have been working for months , even before Obama took office in January , to fashion a comprehensive strategy for rescuing the banks .
Geithner 's plans have been weighed down in recent days by congressional and public backlash against retention bonuses paid to employees of American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , a troubled insurer that is now majority owned by the government .
-- CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report
The U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu has marked a radical shift in U.S. energy policy away from its historical focus on OPEC and oil supply and toward a policy of cutting petroleum demand and promoting renewable energy at home .
OPEC is due to meet in Vienna on March 15 and when Chu was asked what the government ’s position on another oil output cut he admitted that he did not know and that it was not in the “ domain ” of his job responsibilities .
This was a shocking statement from the energy secretary of a country that had for the past forty years been in a symbiotic dance with oil producing nations that has led to wars and adventures that have cost trillions of dollars and millions of lives .
It is a stance that is in stark contrast to some of his recent predecessors who routinely lobbied the cartel for more supply , and is clear evidence of the sea change that has taken place in the U.S. administration and will send a clear signal to OPEC .
Jim Ritterbusch , president of Ritterbusch & Associates in Galena , Illinois said “ We ’ve been wrestling with OPEC for more than 40 years and we have n’t really made any progress reining them in .
Chu is signaling a de-emphasis on Middle East oil and it is clear we will be heading in a greener direction . ”
Other energy secretaries have as a matter of course focused on securing imports and raising domestic supplies to meet voracious U.S. energy demand , Chu has said he will push for more renewable energy , promote ways to save energy and fight global warming .
“ By investing in groundbreaking research , making homes and businesses more energy efficient and deploying solar , wind , biomass and other clean energy , this … will help ensure that America once again leads the world in confronting our global economic , energy and climate challenges , ” Chu said last week in reference to the Obama administration ’s new budget .
The administration is hoping the shift in investment focus will create millions of jobs while reducing the country ’s dependence on foreign oil , Energy Department spokeswoman Stephanie Mueller said .
“ Secretary Chu is extremely intelligent , ” said Guy Caruso , former head of the government ’s Energy Information Administration and now a senior energy adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
“ In the long run focusing on renewables and efficiency certainly makes sense . ”
OPEC has already agreed to slash 4.2 million barrels of oil from the global market to combat a steep slide in prices , and members have said they may consider deepening the cut in Vienna .
The danger is that a rebound in oil prices could hamper an economic recovery , experts have said .
The last Democratic energy secretary , current New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson , went as far as calling OPEC ministers during one of their meetings for some last - minute lobbying against an output cut .
“ OPEC is engaged in the business of maximizing oil revenue and there ’s no evidence that U.S. jawboning ever has or ever will persuade the cartel to leave money on the table , ” said Jerry Taylor , energy expert at the Cato Institute .
“ U.S. policy to whine , beg , threaten and tantrum ( OPEC ) is embarrassing and counterproductive . ”
Whatever Chu does , or says now would have little sway over what OPEC decides at its meeting as the oil producers suffer falling oil revenues due to the collapse in prices and demand .
But it does mark a clear shift in direction and intent of the energy policy of the U.S. and is sure to have OPEC ministers wondering where they fit into the energy mix of the future .
Image of oil well fires set by Iraqi troops as they withdrew from Kuwait during Operation Desert Storm by Lietmotiv on flickr under the Creative Commons license
In a filing today with the federal District Court for the District of Columbia , the Department of Justice submitted a new standard for the government ’s authority to hold detainees at the Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility .
The definition does not rely on the President ’s authority as Commander - in - Chief independent of Congress ’s specific authorization .
It draws on the international laws of war to inform the statutory authority conferred by Congress .
It provides that individuals who supported al Qaeda or the Taliban are detainable only if the support was substantial .
And it does not employ the phrase " enemy combatant . "
The Department also submitted a declaration by Attorney General Eric Holder stating that , under executive orders issued by President Obama , the government is undertaking an interagency review of detention policy for individuals captured in armed conflicts or counterterrorism operations as well as a review of the status of each detainee held at Guantanamo .
The outcome of those reviews may lead to further refinements of the government ’s position as it develops a comprehensive policy .
" As we work towards developing a new policy to govern detainees , it is essential that we operate in a manner that strengthens our national security , is consistent with our values , and is governed by law , " said Attorney General Holder .
" The change we ’ve made today meets each of those standards and will make our nation stronger . "
In its filing today , the government bases its authority to hold detainees at Guantanamo on the Authorization for the Use of Military Force , which Congress passed in September 2001 , and which authorized the use of force against nations , organizations , or persons the president determines planned , authorized , committed , or aided the September 11 attacks , or harbored such organizations or persons .
The government ’s new standard relies on the international laws of war to inform the scope of the president ’s authority under this statute , and makes clear that the government does not claim authority to hold persons based on insignificant or insubstantial support of al Qaeda or the Taliban .
The brief was filed in habeas litigation brought by numerous detainees at Guantanamo who are challenging their detention under the Supreme Court ’s decision last summer in Boumediene v. Bush .
A copy of the brief is attached .
Memo Regarding the Government ’s Detention Authority
Declaration of Attorney General Eric Holder
" Really what acoustics is about is understanding people 's responses to different sounds so I 've come up with a website which samples whoopee sounds for people to go on , listen to and rate in order of funniness .
Or will they ?
I ’m sure that all of you , like me , have experienced nights of unsuccessful sleep .
Nights when you wake up feeling more tired than when you hit the sack .
Nights when bad dreams churn around your mind , keeping you in a half - awake state .
Nights when you jolt upright at 3 AM , having suddenly remembered something for your to - do list .
Nights when you ’re too hot , too cold , exhausted but unable to nod off .
And after a night like that , you ’re not going to be in any state to give your best performance at work , in school , or as a parent .
You ’ll be tetchy and grouchy .
You ’ll struggle with routine tasks .
You ’ll drop the ball , on multiple occasions .
So successful sleep is an important factor in your life overall .
How can you be on top form at work , in school or with your family , if your mind and body are crying out for a good long recharge ?
Here are seven simple steps that make a night of successful sleep much more likely :
Avoid Caffeine and Alcohol Near Bed
If you grab a coffee after dinner , chances are , you ’ll struggle to nod off a couple of hours later – or you ’ll sleep restlessly if you do .
Caffeine affects everyone differently , but setting a “ caffeine curfew ” can make a huge difference to your quality of sleep , especially if you drink strong ( brewed ) coffee .
Alcohol is notorious for disrupting your sleep – and anyone who ’s ever overindulged and experienced that room - spinning effect will know it ’s not exactly conducive to drifting off to sleep …
Stop drinking at least a couple of hours before bed ( it takes your body an hour to process one unit of alcohol – that ’s about half a bottle of beer ) .
And rehydrate yourself with a glass of water , so you do n’t wake up with a horribly dry mouth .
Do n’t Go To Bed Hungry Or Stuffed
No - one can sleep well if their stomach is growling .
If you ’re feeling peckish at 10 pm , have a small snack .
Oats , turkey and milk are high in tryptophan , which means they encourage melatonin production – helping to get your body ready to sleep .
On the other hand , you do n’t want to lie down having just eaten a huge meal .
Yes , we ’ve all experienced that sudden desire for a nap after a big lunch – but trying to sleep an hour or two after a large dinner is a bad idea .
Your body will still be digesting your food , and you might find your stomach feels uncomfortably full and gurgly .
Switch Off Your Computer
In my mis-spent youth , I ’d often see brightly coloured graphics from computer games after lying down to sleep – after staring at a computer screen for most of the evening .
Whether it ’s work or play , gazing at a computer screen will flood your eyes and brain with glaring , artificial light – not great for making you sleepy .
The same goes for television .
Computers also tend to get your mind racing : if you check emails last thing at night , you ’ll go to bed with work on your mind .
Write A List
Do you find yourself lying awake , worrying about all the things you need to get done tomorrow ?
Or do you wake up in the night , suddenly remembering some little task that had slipped your mind ?
Clear all of this junk out of your brain before you get into bed .
Grab a notebook and write a list of anything that you need to take care of the next day .
It ’s surprising how this can help quantify the seemingly indeterminable mass of “ stuff to do ” – seeing it all on the page can help you focus on your priorities for the next day , without stressing about how you ’ll get everything done .
Get Your Gear Together Before Bed
If you constantly find yourself rushed in the morning , chances are you wo n’t sleep too well – part of your mind will be thinking about leaping out of bed into the chaos of another day .
Take ten minutes before bed to lay out your clothes , put things ready for your shower and breakfast , pack your briefcase or backpack , and so on .
This is also a good way to wind down near bedtime , and if you make it a daily habit , the act of setting everything up for the next day can help get your mind in the mood to sleep .
Meditate Or Journal
Make some time for yourself before bed to unwind and calm down .
Some people like to meditate , others pray .
( This can also be a good time to do gentle stretches . )
As a writer , I like to write about my thoughts in a journal .
It ’s a good chance to review the day , celebrate successes , come to terms with failures , and think about how I want tomorrow to go .
This mind - clearing time is especially useful if you often feel that your thoughts are chasing one another around your brain when you lie down to sleep .
Are you a successful sleeper ?
What do you do to nod off quickly and sleep solidly ?
View Transcript
Transcript
Asok the intern says , " Pssst !
I 'm doing black market I.T. support to make up for my recent cut in pay . "
Man says , " Is n't this illegal ? "
Asok the intern , " Not according to my black market company lawyer . "
Alice says , " So it 's legal to punch vendors ? "
Dogbert says , " Sure , if they deserve it . "
Dogbert says , " That 's $ 100 , please . "
May 22 , 2008
Israel 's 60th anniversary celebrations were designed as p.r. exercises to reinstate its victim status , but they failed miserably , starting with their keynote speakers .
SOUTH AFRICA'S white minority government was finally overthrown in 1993 , after decades of Black popular and working - class resistance .
That year , the Black majority democratically elected the African National Congress -- previously derided as a " terrorist " organization by apartheid 's imperial supporters , including the U.S. -- to lead its government .
Freedom fighter Nelson Mandela , having spent 27 years in a South African prison and reviled as an international terrorist , was reinvented in the Western press as an elder statesman .
Now the apartheid state of Israel fears it will meet the same fate from its own oppressed , and growing , Palestinian population .
While Israel 's proponents continue to rhetorically claim that the Zionist state is the only bulwark against another Holocaust , its leaders also continue to openly express its true identification with South Africa 's racist regime .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert remarked recently in the New York Times , " We now have the Palestinians running an Algeria - style campaign against Israel , but what I fear is that they will try to run a South Africa - type campaign against us . "
If international sanctions are imposed as they were against apartheid , " the state of Israel is finished . "
Columnist : Sharon Smith Sharon Smith is the author of Subterranean Fire : A History of Working - Class Radicalism in the United States , a historical account of the American working - class movement , and Women and Socialism , a collection of essays on women ’s oppression and the struggle against it .
She is also on the board of Haymarket Books .
Indeed , stripped of rhetoric , the parallels are striking .
The state of Israel was enshrined as a sovereign state in 1948 , the same year the white supremacist National Party came to power in South Africa .
Both Zionism and apartheid had been decades in the making , with the backing of British imperialism .
Both colonial projects were designed to violently disfranchise and subjugate the indigenous majority that occupied both countries .
Their methods , however , were different .
While South Africa 's white supremacists imposed minority rule over its vast African population , Israel intended to distinguish itself as the only " democracy " in the Middle East .
This was accomplished by driving out Palestine 's majority Arab population , thereby creating a Jewish majority .
In 1947 , Jews owned just 6 percent of Palestinian land and made up just one - third of its population .
In 1948 , the UN nevertheless relegated Jewish control over 55 percent of Palestinian land , overruling Palestinian demands for a democratic state .
But this was not enough for the Zionist project .
Armed Zionist gangs , including the Irgun , led by future Israeli Prime Minister Menachin Begin , and the Stern Gang , initially massacred 254 unarmed Palestinian men , women and children in the village of Dier Yassin .
The terror spread to 40 other Palestinian villages as tens of thousands of Palestinians fled their homeland in desperation , with only their clothes on their backs .
By 1949 , Israel controlled 78 percent of Palestine and had driven approximately 750,000 Palestinians from their homes .
They have never been allowed to return .
Times have changed .
The majority of Palestine 's Arab population is now hermetically sealed and relegated to sub-human status within Israel 's occupied post - 1967 borders .
But what Israel fears most is the imposition of one person / one vote -- destroying any claim to the " democratic " model so carefully engineered to give Jews a majority -- should those borders ever reopen .
If Israel were to return to a democratic , secular state , Palestinians will soon outnumber Jews .
The parallels of these two racially segregated regimes remain stunning .
When South African anti-apartheid activist Archbishop Desmond Tutu visited the Occupied Territories in 2003 , he described Palestinians ' existence " much like what happened to us black people in South Africa . "
ISRAEL'S 60TH anniversary celebrations were designed as a public relations exercise , intended to reinstate Israel 's victim status .
But they failed miserably in this regard , starting with their keynote speakers .
As George W. Bush 's approval ratings plummeted lower than any president since Gallup began polling 70 years ago -- including those of Richard Nixon before his forced resignation -- the idiot president traveled to the Israel to join in the pomp and circumstance .
Bush knew that in Israel , if nowhere else , his presence would be greeted enthusiastically , for Israel 's colonial fate so closely overlaps with that of U.S. imperialism .
On May 15 , Bush shared a Jerusalem stage with his scandal - ridden Israeli counterpart , Olmert , in a bumbled effort to resurrect the moral authority of the increasingly discredited apartheid state of Israel .
The Israeli celebrations were marred by the tenacity of its occupied Palestinian population , which insisted on calling attention to its desperate existence at the receiving end of the Zionist project .
Tens of thousands of Palestinians demonstrated in their largest numbers since the start of the second Intifada in 2000 , inside and outside Israel 's pre-1967 borders .
As Bush spoke , he miraculously managed to ignore the plight of the Palestinian protesters assembled on the other side of the nearby separation wall , in the West Bank city of Ramallah .
Indeed , as Israel celebrated , the Gaza Strip lay in darkness on Saturday , May 10 , with no fuel for its only power plant .
Before Israel bombed this power plant two years ago , it was able to provide 100 megawatts of electricity ; today , it provides less than half that amount .
Israel has exacerbated the shortage of electricity by withholding fuel allowed into Gaza .
Israel 's sweeping blockade of basic necessities has reduced Gaza 's population to a " subhuman existence , " according to a senior UN official .
The World Bank estimated that poverty rates in Gaza stood at 67 percent in April , with the UN suspending food aid for four days due to a lack of fuel for its delivery vehicles .
By these means , Israel has reduced the calorie intake of the Palestinians in Gaza , according to a UN report , to just 61 percent of the average daily requirement .
Lack of electricity has also drastically reduced drinkable water for the 70,000 Gazans who rely on wells using fuel pumps , while " 60 m liters of raw and partially treated sewage are being pumped straight into the sea every day , " according to the Guardian newspaper .
In the West Bank , where Palestinians are caged in by 8 - meter high separation walls , pass laws , curfews and 600 separate military checkpoints prohibiting their ability to travel even within the Israeli - occupied territories , Jewish - only settlements and roads have expanded to control coveted water resources and dominate roughly 40 percent of the land within .
B'Tselem , the Israeli Information Centre for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories stated recently , " The restrictions of movement that Israel has imposed on the Palestinian population in the Occupied Territories over the past five years are unprecedented in the history of the Israeli occupation in their scope , durations and in the severity of damage that they have caused to the three and half million Palestinians who reside there . "
Between February 27 and March 3 , Israeli troops murdered 106 Palestinians , including 54 civilian bystanders and 25 children .
This year 's death toll on May 12 numbered at least 312 Palestinians -- 197 of whom were unarmed civilians , including at least 44 children , according to the Palestinian Center for Human Rights .
Israel has justified its ongoing blockade and daily assassinations of Gazans as a legitimate response to the " violent takeover " of Gaza by Hamas .
But Palestinians democratically elected Hamas to a majority in the Palestinian Authority parliament in 2006 , verified by international observers .
The violence ensued only after both Israel and the U.S. refused to recognize the results of this democratic election .
This uncomfortable fact negates Bush 's claim to be bringing " democracy " to the recalcitrant Arab populations of the Middle East , so he did not mention it in his extensive speeches to Israeli revelers during his visit .
On the contrary , Bush called Israel a homeland for God 's " chosen people , " while claiming that European Jews arrived " here in the desert " in 1948 , as if it had been an empty , unoccupied land .
That same day , addressing the Israeli Knesset , Bush praised former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon as " one of Israel 's greatest leaders " and " a man of peace . "
BY REFERENCING
Sharon ( one of Israel 's most blood - thirsty ethnic cleansers , lying blissfully in a persistent vegetative state since 2006 ) , Bush unwittingly forced attention on Israel 's conscious identification with South African apartheid since the 1970s .
Following South Africa 's example of moving its African population into segregated cantons without citizenship rights , Sharon infamously argued that " the Bantustan plan was the most suitable solution to [ Israel 's ] conflict , " as reported in Haaretz on June 18 , 2007 .
The Zionist regime was not deterred by the fact that apartheid leaders , including South African 's violent Prime Minister John Vorster , were open Nazi enablers during the Second World War - - because a similar system of racial segregation also suited the Israeli state .
Like South Africa 's apartheid regime , Israel sought to relegate its majority indigenous population to the status of non-citizen in their own homeland , through a combination of armed terror and racist segregation laws .
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin welcomed Vorster at a state banquet in 1976 , noting the two countries ' common fight against " foreign - inspired instability and recklessness . "
South Africa was more blatant in its government yearbook published a few months later , noting , " Israel and South Africa have one thing above all else in common : they are both situated in a predominantly hostile world inhabited by dark peoples . "
As the Guardian reported in 2006 , Alon Liel , former Israeli ambassador to South Africa described the relations between Israel and South Africa in 1976 as " a love affair between the security establishments of the two countries and their armies . "
He continued , " We created the South African arms industry .
They assisted us to develop all kinds of technology because they had a lot of money .
When we were developing things together we usually gave the know - how and they gave the money . "
U.S. TAXPAYER dollars have funded Israel 's war on Palestine since its inception 60 years ago .
Since 1948 , Israel has remained the largest recipient of foreign aid , with more than $ 108 billion from the U.S. government .
Over the last 10 years , U.S. military aid reached $ 17 billion -- including $ 2.4 billion this year alone -- while Congress endorsed Israel 's most recent assault on Gaza by a vote of 404 - 1 .
It would be wrong , however , to conclude , as many do , that the " Israeli lobby " guides U.S. Middle East policy .
On the contrary , Israel 's most powerful lobby resides inside the Pentagon .
The U.S. funds Israel for its own reasons in the Middle East , because it needs this well - armed and hostile combatant state , however unpredictable , that shares a similar interest in quelling Arab rebellions wherever they occur .
Indeed , Egypt is the second - largest recipient of U.S foreign aid , receiving roughly $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid since 1979 and an average of $ 815 million a year in economic assistance .
Egypt will receive 1.3 billion in military aid and $ 415 million in civilian aid this year .
This is money well spent , as witnessed in January , when Palestinians swarmed the Rafah border into Egypt to buy basic necessities -- and Egyptian riot police turned water cannons on the starving Palestinians .
Despite the desperation of Gazans fleeing occupation , Egypt closed its border as soon as possible .
Yet the populations of neighboring Egypt , Lebanon and Jordan identify with the Palestinian struggle , even if their despotic leaders do not .
Regional solidarity provides the eventual solution to the struggle for Palestine .
Israel 's greatest fear , that Palestinians will outnumber Jews despite their careful engineering , will soon become a demographic reality .
As former Knesset member Yossi Sarid noted recently , comparing Israel to South African apartheid , " One essential difference remains between South Africa and Israel :
There a small minority dominated a large majority , and here we have almost a tie .
But the tiebreaker is already darkening on the horizon ... [ T ]he Zionist project will come to an end if we do n't choose to leave the slave house before being visited by a fatal demographic plague . "
As in South Africa , Israeli apartheid can only survive for so long before it is overthrown from below .
Indeed , if Israel 's current starvation tactic toward Palestinians , currently locked down in their future " Palestinian state , " is any indication the Camp David solution is dead .
Only a genuine democracy encompassed by one–person / one - vote , that Israel so fears , points the way for the future -- in a single , secular state in which all citizens are equal , without regard to race or religion .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Future purchases of U.S. Treasuries by China will depend on its need to protect the value of its foreign investments and a stable yuan is in everyone ’s interests , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said on Saturday .
The United States said this month that all its major trading partners should operate flexible exchange rates , expressing concern that China was manipulating the value of the yuan to boost its exports .
But analysts say there may be a limit to the pressure that the United States can put on China as it is the single biggest foreign investor of U.S. Treasuries , with $ 681.9 billion as of November , according to U.S. data .
“ This is a very sensitive question and a question that President Barack Obama will want to ask , ” Wen said at an event in London in response to a question over future Chinese demand for U.S. government bonds .
“ In recent years , our foreign reserves have been growing very fast .
We are trying to bring more diversification to the holdings of the foreign exchange reserves .
Buying U.S. Treasuries bonds is a major part of it .
“ Whether we will buy more U.S. Treasury bonds , and if so by how much -- we should take that decision in accordance with China ’s own need and also our aim to keep the security of our foreign reserves and the value of them . ”
CURRENCY ROW
Concerns that China may lose its appetite for buying Treasuries have helped depress U.S. government debt prices , along with worries about the slew of bonds that will be needed to finance the next U.S. economic stimulus package .
Analysts fear the escalating currency row , if it results in China buying fewer Treasuries , will make it more expensive for the United States to service its long term debt .
Wen said keeping China ’s currency at a steady level was good for the global economy .
“ In the financial crisis , it is all the more important to maintain the stability of the yuan exchange rate in a reasonable and balanced level , this is not only in the interests of the China but also in the interest of the world economy , ” he said .
Wen is in London for talks with Prime Minister Gordon Brown as part of a European tour aimed at building a consensus ahead of the G20 London financial crisis summit in April and improving relations between the trading partners .
Brown is likely to raise the issue of trade and currency imbalances as an obstacle to economic recovery and also urge China to do more to boost demand in its own economy to ease the severity of the global downturn .
Wen joined the growing number of world leaders denouncing protectionism as a response to worsening economic conditions .
“ There is a tendency that some people only care about their own business or , even worse , they pursue their self interest at the expense of other people ’s interest , ” he said .
“ But protectionism in the long run will harm the global economy .
The Chinese government has no interest in having a trade surplus .
It will not adopt trade protectionism . ”
But Guangzhou and its neighbour Shenzhen have notoriously high crime rates for China , and warnings have been sent out that this might get worse in the wake of the economic crisis .
The region has lost hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of jobs in the last few months .
Rape Culture Hysteria : Fixing the Damage Done to Men and Women
When your income plunges ...
Share
This :
-- there are many inexpensive food outlets other than food banks .
In my area , there is a
-- talk to your mortgage company , bank , credit card company ... anyone to whom you make payments .
Tell them the situation and assure them of your desire to pay .
In most cases , reduced or delayed payments can be negotiated .
Some mortgages actually have a feature called " Skip a Payment " .
-- cut back to basic services on phone , internet , etc. Cancel the cable .
-- if you have two cars , reduce the coverage of one of them to " pleasure use " if possible .
Then drive the extended coverage vehicle for business and other daily use .
Better yet ... sell the car and dispense with insurance , gas , maintenance etc .
Investigate bus / subway services in your area .
-- if you have a baby , use cloth rather than disposable diapers
-- if the layout of your house allows to rent out a room without too much inconvience or lack of security , then consider taking in a boarder or just renting out a room .
Make sure to read up on landlord law in your area .
-- start growing vegetables ... even a few tomato plants in pots .
-- consider taking in a few children in " day care . "
In most areas , you can take in a specified number of children ( 2 - 4 ) without having to meet the requirements of a day care center ; you are classified more as a babysitting service .
-- if you have a cell phone , even if you are locked into a contract , some companies have a " snowbird " plan for those who are going away for an extended period .
They charge you a minimal amount for several months .
Then ... do n't use the cell phone except when absolutely necessary .
-- make getting out of credit card debt your top priority because the interest rates are ruinous .
-- cancel your life insurance .
[ Note : Brad disagrees with me on this point . ]
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Friday 06 February 2009 - 20:55:46 - Permalink
When you or a partner is fired / laid - off , here are some steps you can take to deal with the sudden and drastic reduction in income :-- there are many inexpensive food outlets other than food banks .
In my area , there is a food share network through which you can get a box of fresh vegetables and fruit for $ 12 .
Many , if not most , areas have something similar .
-- talk to your mortgage company , bank , credit card company ... anyone to whom you make payments .
Tell them the situation and assure them of your desire to pay .
In most cases , reduced or delayed payments can be negotiated .
Some mortgages actually have a feature called " Skip a Payment " .-- cut back to basic services on phone , internet , etc . Cancel the cable .-- if you have two cars , reduce the coverage of one of them to " pleasure use " if possible .
Then drive the extended coverage vehicle for business and other daily use .
Better yet ... sell the car and dispense with insurance , gas , maintenance etc .
Investigate bus / subway services in your area .-- if you have a baby , use cloth rather than disposable diapers -- if the layout of your house allows to rent out a room without too much inconvience or lack of security , then consider taking in a boarder or just renting out a room .
Make sure to read up on landlord law in your area .-- start growing vegetables ... even a few tomato plants in pots .-- consider taking in a few children in " day care . "
In most areas , you can take in a specified number of children ( 2 - 4 ) without having to meet the requirements of a day care center ; you are classified more as a babysitting service .-- if you have a cell phone , even if you are locked into a contract , some companies have a " snowbird " plan for those who are going away for an extended period .
They charge you a minimal amount for several months .
Then ... do n't use the cell phone except when absolutely necessary .-- make getting out of credit card debt your top priority because the interest rates are ruinous .
-- cancel your life insurance .
[ Note : Brad disagrees with me on this point . ]
Finance and investment news and analysis , insight , trading tips every business day .
Chip Reid is taking the mantle of the head zombie press pool reporter for CBS .
Fresh off his vitriolic , " Democrats also raising their ugly heads , but ahh , on the hill , " comment , he now is Dick Cheney 's new defender on the Hill .
Robert Gibbs was responding to a question posed by CNN's Ed Henry about Cheney 's attacks on Obama , Robert compared Dick to Rush Limbaugh .
Gibbs : Well , I guess Rush Limbaugh was busy , " Gibbs said , prompting of the reporters to laugh out loud .
" So they trotted out their next - most popular member of the Republican cabal .
That 's when Chipper Reid saw an opening for his hackery about Cheney .
Reid : Can I ask you , when you referred to the former Vice President , that was a really hard - hitting , kind of sarcastic response you had .
This is a former Vice President of the United States .
Is that the attitude -- is that the sanctioned tone toward the former Vice President of the United States from this White House now ?
Gibbs : Sometimes I ask forgiveness rather than for permission , Chip .
But no , I hope my sarcasm did n't mask the seriousness of the answer with which I addressed Ed -- that for seven - plus years , the very perpetrators that the Vice President says he 's concerned about were n't brought to justice .
Yes Chip , that 's the sanctioned tone from just about every American about Dick Cheney .
He just came out on CNN with John King , who is quickly moving into FOX News territory and said the Obama administration is making America less safe and with regards to our economy he said : " stuff happens . "
Get it ?
He 's one of the most reprehensible politicians of our times .
He 's among those most responsible for the Iraq war and all the slime and torture that came out of the Bush administration .
He used the fear card at every turn , hijacked every agency and issue he could get his hands on from Bush -- including his secret " energy cabal " meeting -- and now we 're hearing about that assassination ring he ran out of the White House .
So how is Gibbs supposed to talk about this man ?
The press room is not the Senate .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - A Maine lawmaker introduced a bill on Tuesday to legalize same - sex marriage , but it looks set to face tough opposition and bring a rancorous fight over the definition of marriage to the rugged eastern state .
Demonstrators wave flags in support of gay marriage in front of the Massachusetts State House in Boston , Massachusetts , July 12 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The legislation proposed by Democratic state Sen. Dennis Damonck would make the state the nation ’s third to allow same - sex marriage .
It seeks to redefine marriage as the legal union of two people rather than between a man and a women .
“ Today I have submitted an act to end discrimination in civil marriage and to affirm religious freedom , ” he told a news conference in the state capital Augusta .
As he spoke , Republican Rep. John Tardy was drafting legislation to enshrine the definition of marriage as one man and one woman into the state constitution .
“ The language is being worked on now , ” his spokesman said .
The looming fight in Maine , a rural state of 1.3 million people with a Democratic - controlled legislature , underlines a concerted push for same - sex marriage recognition in New England ’s six states by gay and lesbian advocates -- a bid that would effectively create a regional niche for gay marriage .
In November , Connecticut became the second U.S. state to allow legal same - sex weddings after Massachusetts ’ top court ruled in 2003 that a ban on gay marriage was unconstitutional , paving the way for same - sex marriages the following year .
On Friday , New Hampshire Rep. Jim Splaine signed off on legislation proposing same - sex marriage in that state , which borders both Maine and Massachusetts .
He said he expected the bill to come up for a public hearing in two or three weeks .
Five of New England ’s six states already offer same - sex couples some form of legal recognition , with New Hampshire and Vermont permitting same - sex civil unions that grant many of the same rights as married couples but lack the full legal protections of marriage .
“ I think it is important to make our civil unions have full marriage equality with the word ‘ marriage ’ so that it is clear that we do not discriminate and that we welcome same - gendered couples , ” Splaine told Reuters in an interview .
Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , a group of lawyers who led the legal fight for same - sex marriage in Massachusetts and Connecticut , said on Tuesday similar legislation was being drafted in Rhode Island and Vermont .
The group has set a target of bringing same - sex marriage to all six New England states by 2012 .
Some economists say carving out an economic niche for gay and lesbian weddings -- and the spending that comes with them -- makes sense at a time same - sex marriage has stalled in California and a recession is deepening .
M.V. Lee Badgett , an economist at the University of Massachusetts ’ Institute for Gay and Lesbian Strategic Studies , led a study released in July that said over the next three years about 32,200 same - sex couples would travel from other states to marry in Massachusetts .
That would translate into 330 jobs and a $ 111 million boost to the state ’s economy , the study projects .
John McCain introduces Sarah Palin as his running mate .
Staff infection : Allies rip Palin team
A seemingly unending series of public relations gaffes has Sarah Palin loyalists frustrated and worried she is diminishing her stature .
And they blame an inner circle they say is composed of not - ready - for - primetime players .
Interviews with Alaska and Washington - based GOP political professionals who are familiar with the Palin operation describe the governor ’s team as a gang that could n’t shoot straight , a staff whose failure to execute basic political maneuvers too often entangles the governor in awkward and embarrassing situations that could have easily been avoided .
Advertisement
The state of confusion is compounded by two separate Palin spheres that do n’t communicate with each other , one based in the governor ’s office and another based in the D.C. - area , where Palin ’s political action committee is located — and the incongruous presence of a high - profile Democratic trial lawyer among her political advisers .
The lawyer , John Coale , is a former supporter of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign who became a Palin confidante as his wife , Fox News host Greta Van Susteren , interviewed the former GOP vice presidential nominee and her family numerous times during and after the election .
Their presence around Palin has become Topic A among many of her allies as well as other Republican insiders who are mystified as to why an anti-abortion rights conservative who ran against Washington elites is now turning to a pair of capital insiders for counsel .
A well - heeled personal injury lawyer , Coale has been a major Democratic donor .
It was his suggestion that Palin create a PAC to pay for travel and avoid ethics complaints in Alaska .
Coale told POLITICO he first met Palin during his wife ’s taping of a September interview with the Alaska governor and explained that he was “ extremely pissed off at the way Hillary was treated ” and believed Palin was being subjected to the same “ sexist ” treatment .
Coale ultimately endorsed McCain in the 2008 campaign .
“ I ’m just a friend of hers .
I ’m not on her staff and I ’m not paid , ” Coale insisted .
He said he and Palin “ email back and forth about once a week . ”
A former Palin aide said Coale “ was positioning himself for this gig from the first interview , ” always there with his wife when she would sit for what were invariably friendly sessions with the governor .
Another former Palin ally still in touch with the governor was blunt when asked to explain Palin ’s missteps since the election : “ Taking advice from Greta and her husband , ” said this source .
Because of Van Susteren ’s success in booking Palin appearances on her show , the Fox News host has faced questions about her husband ’s role with Palin .
“ I am getting lots of inquires about my husband John Coale — no , he is not a paid adviser to Governor Palin and never has been , ” Van Susteren wrote on her blog recently .
“ He met her through me when I interviewed her … .
I did not meet her through him .
I have gotten interviews with her not through him but through our staff on [ her show ] .
It is that simple . ”
Several aides and allies from inside and outside last year ’s presidential campaign complain of being frozen out by the Alaska governor ’s staff and even those who are still in touch with the governor suggest her string of unforced errors are the direct result of having nobody around her to offer sound political advice .
Jason Recher , who traveled with Palin throughout the campaign and remains in touch with her , chalked up some mishaps as a result of the governor 's overabundance of caution concerning the ethics of mixing political and official activities .
But Recher , a veteran of both terms in the Bush White House , indicated he shared the concerns of other Palin allies .
“ Nobody from the campaign who I am in touch with knows who is at the PAC , who is really staffing it or what exactly it does , ” he said .
Like the others , Recher said he was speaking out for somebody he grew close to last fall .
“ I may not be in the loop on the strategy going on right now but I totally buy into the notion of Sarah Palin , ” he said .
Palin has endured numerous bruising trips through recent news cycles .
There was the infamous YouTube turkey video in November where , unbeknownst to Palin , live turkeys were slaughtered just behind her within the camera frame .
Then came a flap over remarks she made to a filmmaker in January .
In February , conservatives were confused by her last - minute no - show at a key movement event .
Most recently , Capitol Hill Republicans were left scratching their heads over a bizarre miscommunication between her office and the two national party committees .
In that case , Palin , the National Republican Senatorial Committee and the National Republican Congressional Committee all were left with egg on their faces .
The NRSC and the NRCC , it seems , were under the distinct impression that Palin would headline the annual Republican House - Senate fundraising dinner in June .
The committees went so far as to issue a joint press release trumpeting her appearance and national news outlets quickly noted her prime speaking engagement .
All of it was news to Palin , though .
When the Anchorage Daily News called for comment , Palin spokesman Bill McAllister said the governor did n’t know anything about the event .
The national committees , meanwhile , explained that Palin ’s appearance had been confirmed by SarahPAC , Palin ’s Virginia - based political action committee .
“ It has been painful to watch the staff handling of her since the election , ” said one former aide and loyalist .
“ There is small margin of error at this point . ”
“ She is great , but she is ill - served by a staff that is clearly in over their heads , ” added a national Republican operative who has worked with Palin .
The NRCC - NRSC dust - up followed on the heels of a similar misfire involving the 2009 Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington .
There , Palin had been slated for months to appear only to back out shortly before the event , leaving bruised feelings among organizers who thought they had a firm commitment from Palin herself .
“ There had been an agreement that she would come for about six months ahead of CPAC , ” said a CPAC source .
“ They even agreed to what she was talking about . ”
SarahPAC spokeswoman Meg Stapleton disagreed with that account , saying that Palin never agreed to appear and that Palin ’s camp was surprised when CPAC announced the governor would be speaking at the event .
The governor , of course , ultimately bears responsibility for assembling a top - flight political team and ensuring it works in harmony .
Still , friendly Republicans repeatedly singled out her inner circle for fault , noting that the blunders are emblematic of a team that is trying to straddle the line between Palin ’s state duties and national ambitions .
“ These people are amateurs .
Palin is now a national figure and she can’t afford to have a junior varsity staff , ” said a Republican operative who has worked with the Palin camp and speaks highly of the governor ’s abilities .
Palin herself has made the problem worse , allowing Van Susteren to interview daughter Bristol , a month - and - a - half after the unwed 18 - year - old gave birth .
( The younger Palin declared in the interview that abstinence was “ not realistic at all ” – a statement that did n’t go over well with the governor ’s conservative Christian admirers ) .
She crossed four time zones to attend Washington ’s Alfalfa Dinner , a social gathering of the very political elites she spent much of the campaign blasting , yet skipped three opportunities to come to the Lower 48 to address policy - focused events – a House GOP retreat , CPAC and the National Governor ’s Association Winter Meeting .
Her allies note that avoiding nationally - oriented events would be understandable if Palin wanted to take a lower profile .
But since the election she has shown few signs of wanting to withdraw from the national scene .
Even more confusing , Palin and her advisers have done little to promote her substantive ideas instead leaving a vacuum that has been filled by a voracious media still hungry for stories about the governor and her family .
“ My impression is that she ’s not much in touch with the conservatives in Washington you would expect her to be talking to her , ” said one of her most outspoken and well - known advocates .
Several Republicans singled out the divide between Palin ’s Alaska staff and her national staff at SarahPAC as a prime contributing factor in an already dysfunctional situation .
Palin ’s state message operation is headed by McAllister , the state employee who serves as her press secretary , and is made up almost entirely of staffers who began working for the governor prior to her vice presidential run .
Part of the problem , observers say , is that her Alaska staff is focused on state matters and is resistant to efforts to build the Palin brand nationally .
Another factor , said a former aide from the campaign , is Palin ’s loyalty to her state team and her wariness of D.C. - types because “ she felt burned ” by her handling and the subsequent leaks from McCain staffers .
McAllister did not return several calls asking for comment .
SarahPAC focuses precisely on building the national Palin brand .
The PAC is staffed by several Washington hands as well as Stapleton , who serves as Palin ’s national spokeswoman from Alaska — just as she did during the presidential campaign .
It is officially headed by Becki Donatelli , formerly the lead Internet consultant for the McCain campaign .
Between SarahPAC and the governor ’s office , said one Washington - based Republican operative , “ too many people think they speak for Sarah Palin when they do n’t .
She should n’t get the rap for this . ”
Some who are familiar with the inner workings of Palin - land dismiss criticism of her inner circle as overblown .
“ I never had the slightest difficulty with any of the Alaska staff .
I found them to be very professional and very politically astute about the politics of their state , ” said George Rasley , who worked alongside Palin ’s Alaska staff as the governor ’s lead advance representative during the presidential campaign .
“ The people who are making these complaints have a strange way of voicing their alliance to her . ”
Yet even those outside the political arena have noticed that the governor ’s operation does n’t always seem to fire on all cylinders .
Conservative filmmaker John Ziegler , who interviewed Palin for his film , “ Media Malpractice : How Obama Got Elected and Palin Was Targeted , ” said it was also his impression was that state and national teams were not operating in sync .
Ziegler ’s film stirred controversy for Palin after he released interview excerpts on the film ’s website prior to its release .
The excerpts , which included her comments on Caroline Kennedy and CBS anchor Katie Couric , generated a media frenzy that led McAllister to blame Ziegler for blindsiding Palin .
But Palin herself did n’t seem to mind , calling the filmmaker that weekend to express her support in a nearly half - hour phone conversation , according to Ziegler .
“ In my situation , I communicated what I was going to do with the Palin interview with the person I was told to go through , but the political and state arms were not working together and it created a huge communication gap that led to an unfortunate misunderstanding that was blamed on me but which was in no way my fault , ” he said .
The Sri Lankan Civil War , waged between separatist Tamil rebels and the government of Sri Lanka - a conflict which has run hot and cold over 26 years , and has cost over 70,000 lives - may now be approaching its end .
The ethnic Tamil rebel force called The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( or LTTE , or just " Tamil Tigers " ) has been fighting for the creation of an independent Tamil state since 1983 , using both conventional warfare techniques and terrorist methods .
Since 1987 , the LTTE has claimed responsibility for nearly 200 suicide attacks , more than any organization in the world .
Now , since late 2008 , aggressive Sri Lankan government forces have dealt many serious defeats to the LTTE , capturing towns and airfields , and recently trapping the remaining 1,000 ( estimated ) LTTE rebels in a 37 square km ( 15 sq m ) area , surrounded by 50,000 government troops .
Army shelling and retaliation by desperate rebels has led to many recent civilian casualties , and an estimated refugee population of over 200,000 .
The Sri Lankan government has exercised tight control on media over the years , limiting coverage of the conflict and allegedly inciting its supporters , and several journalists have paid with their lives .
( 37 photos total
Mr Stiglitz 's radical proposal is a " Chapter 11 " scheme for households to allow them to bring their debts under control without having to go into bankruptcy .
" Families matter just as much as firms .
The US government can borrow at 1 pc so why can't it lend directly to poor people for mortgages at 4 pc. , " he said .
US moves to consolidate new supply routes to Afghanistan
By James Cogan
26 January 2009
The commander of US forces in Central Asia , General David Petraeus , announced last week that he had reached an agreement with the Russian government for the transit of " non-military " supplies through its territory to the US and NATO occupation forces in Afghanistan .
Petraeus made a statement from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad on January 20 , after visits to the Central Asian republics of Kyrgyzstan , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan and Tajikistan , and a brief stopover in Kabul for talks with Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
According to Petraeus , the agreement will allow essential logistical supplies such as fuel , food and construction equipment to be transited via Russia 's rail and road network , through Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , and into northern Afghanistan — one of the few areas of the occupied country where NATO forces are not facing constant attack from insurgents linked to the former Taliban regime or other Islamist - based resistance organisations .
He told journalists : " It is very important as we increase the effort in Afghanistan that we have multiple routes that go into the country .
There have been agreements reached and there are transit lines and transit agreements that now include several countries in the Central Asian states and also Russia . "
On Friday , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , speaking during an official visit to Uzbekistan , announced : " We are ready for full - fledged cooperation with all countries on the issue of assuring security in Afghanistan , including the United States .
We hope the new US administration will have greater success than the previous one in resolving the Afghanistan issue . "
Representatives of NATO and Russia are holding a summit today in which Afghanistan will figure prominently .
The talks are the first to take place since relations were frozen after Moscow 's intervention to push back the Georgian invasion of South Ossetia .
The supply route diplomacy is an aspect of the foreign policy of the new Obama administration , which is committed to a dramatic intensification of the Afghan war and a broader assertion of US imperialist interests in Central Asia .
This year , as many as 30,000 additional American troops will be deployed to the conflict .
For commanders like Petraeus , who are drawing up the tactical plans for this escalation , the matter of supplies and logistics for their troops in the land - locked country looms large .
For the past seven years , the bulk of US and NATO supplies for the war have been transited via Pakistan , from the port of Karachi through the Khyber Pass and other crossings along the border with Afghanistan .
This route passes through Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) and its autonomous Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) , whose majority ethnic Pashtun population share a common language , culture and religion with the Pashtuns of southern Afghanistan and view the resistance being waged against the US and NATO invasion as their war as well .
As was the case during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan , the Pakistani frontier region has provided a safe haven for Afghan guerrillas and a recruitment ground for new fighters .
Under pressure from Washington , the Pakistani government and military have conducted deeply unpopular and costly military operations to try to stem insurgent activity in the FATA .
The result has been even greater hatred for the US occupation and greater support for Islamist tendencies that advocate resistance .
Over the past year , the growth of the insurgency has been reflected in increasingly frequent attacks on convoys and supply depots inside Pakistani territory .
This month alone , the Khyber Pass has been closed on two occasions due to security concerns , while a crossing north of the city of Quetta was blockaded by tribesmen after military personnel killed a local man .
The spread of the Afghan war into Pakistan is the main factor behind the efforts to develop alternative supply paths .
Throughout the US election campaign , Barack Obama repeatedly insisted that he would order attacks on insurgent targets inside Pakistan — with or without the agreement of the Pakistani government .
The Bush administration has been putting Obama 's policy into effect since August .
Over 30 air strikes have been carried out since by US forces in the FATA , in contempt of Islamabad 's protests .
The first attacks under Obama took place last Friday .
Homes in the agencies of North and South Waziristan were destroyed by missiles fired by unmanned Predator drones , killing at least 18 people .
From a military standpoint , however , these supposedly " precision " operations have been ineffective .
Of approximately 260 people killed , the Pakistani government has estimated that the vast majority were not insurgent leaders or fighters , but Pashtun villagers , including scores of women and children .
The attacks have inflamed tribal hostility toward both the occupation of Afghanistan and the collaboration of the Pakistani government with US imperialism .
A full - scale attempt to disrupt insurgent activity in the FATA would require dozens of sorties each day by US and NATO aircraft , in violation of Pakistan 's national sovereignty .
At a certain point , it would also necessitate ground operations in the rugged terrain along the Afghan border , against the concentrations of Taliban fighters that the Pakistani military has been unable or unwilling to dislodge .
In other words , it would require openly declaring the FATA to be part of the Afghan war theatre .
The consequences would be that Pakistan could not reliably be used as a transit route .
A measure of how important the supply question is can be gauged by speculation in American military and foreign policy circles as to whether it even warrants the US taking steps to end its decades - long stand - off with Iran .
By far the shortest and most convenient route into Afghanistan would be overland from the Iranian port of Chahbahar on the Arabian Sea , to the Afghan city of Zaranj .
Indian engineers have just completed the construction of a highway from Zaranj to the town of Delaram , where it merges with the major road network linking the country 's major cities .
The Indian government financed the project to get around Islamabad 's refusal to allow Indian goods to transit through Pakistan to Afghanistan .
The US military could use the same route as an alternative to sending supplies through the FATA .
Petraeus spoke last year of the " common interest " shared by the US and the Shiite fundamentalist regime in Tehran in regards to Afghanistan — preventing the return to power of Sunni extremists ; stemming drug trafficking ; and opening up new trade markets .
The think tank Stratfor , which is close to the US intelligence agencies , commented on January 23 : " If an arrangement can be worked out between the United States and Iran , western forces could thus reduce their dependence on the main routes through Pakistan and perhaps avoid the logistical and geopolitical costs of having to transport supplies through Central Asia .
The United States could clearly benefit from Iranian cooperation in Afghanistan ... "
At present , such " cooperation " does not exist .
The Obama administration therefore has little choice but to bargain with Russia if it is going to advance its plans for the subjugation of Afghanistan .
Russian President Medvedev has indicated that Moscow will be asking for significant concessions on issues such as the expansion of the NATO alliance and the US missile defence system .
If such negotiations become difficult , the Iranian option may become more attractive .
Russia has increased the number of long - range bomber flights Canadian air force jets intercepted a Russian bomber approaching Canadian air space the day before President Barack Obama visited Ottawa , officials say .
Two fighter jets met the long - range Bear bomber over the Arctic last week , Defence Minister Peter MacKay said .
The Russian plane turned around after being signalled by the Canadian pilots , he said .
There has been an increasing number of similar Russian flights in the Arctic in recent years , Mr MacKay said .
The Canadian jets " met a Russian aircraft that was approaching Canadian airspace .
They sent very clear signals that the Russian aircraft was to turn around - turn tail - to its own airspace , which it did , " Mr MacKay told reporters after meeting North American Aerospace Defense Command ( Norad ) officers in Ottawa .
He said he did not know if the flight was deliberately timed for when Canadian security efforts were focused on Mr Obama 's upcoming visit to Ottawa .
It began just a few years ago when then - President Putin ... [ said ]
Russia was going to take a more active role in asserting itself
Peter MacKay
Canadian Defence Minister
Russia 's Bear bomber returns " I 'm not going to stand here and accuse the Russians of having deliberately done this during the presidential visit , but it was a strong coincidence , " he said of the 18 February flight .
Mr Obama visited Ottawa the next day .
An official at the Russian embassy in Ottawa said he did not think the flight had anything to do with Mr Obama 's visit .
" Americans have routine flights .
Russians do , different Europeans do , " he was quoted as saying by Associated Press news agency .
" The routine is there .
All the sides are generally informed . "
Mr MacKay said Russia had refused Canada 's requests for advance notification of such flights .
Arctic claims Russian aircraft regularly probed North American airspace during the Cold War , but such flights ended after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Activity has picked up lately however , Mr MacKay said .
" It began just a few years ago when then - President Putin ... [ said ]
Russia was going to take a more active role in asserting itself .
That apparently includes coming close to and up to Canadian airspace . "
Moscow has claimed a large portion of the Arctic Ocean seabed and used a mini-submarine to plant a flag on the ocean floor under the North Pole two years ago .
Canada , along with the US , Norway and Denmark , also have Arctic claims .
The area is believed to be rich in natural resources .
Russian bombers have also overflown American naval vessels and last year Tokyo complained that a Russian bomber had entered Japanese airspace .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ digg - reddit - me ]
The Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy including a number of prominent Latin American politicians yesterday called the U.S. War on Drugs a failure .
As summarized by Jose De Cordoba of the Wall Street Journal :
As drug violence spirals out of control in Mexico , a commission led by three former Latin American heads of state blasted the U.S. - led drug war as a failure that is pushing Latin American societies to the breaking point .
“ The available evidence indicates that the war on drugs is a failed war , ” said former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , in a conference call with reporters from Rio de Janeiro .
“ We have to move from this approach to another one . ”
The commission , headed by Mr. Cardoso and former presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico and César Gaviria of Colombia , says Latin American governments as well as the U.S. must break what they say is a policy “ taboo ” and re-examine U.S. - inspired antidrugs efforts .
The panel recommends that governments consider measures including decriminalizing the use of marijuana .
[ my emhpasis ]
The complete report ( which I have n’t yet reviewed ) can be found here ( pdf ) .
The key point is the one I highlighted in the passage above – not only is the Drug War failing – but it is , according to these prominent ex-politicians – and “ There ’s no one so brave and wise as the politician who ’s not running for office and who ’s not going to be ” ) – pushing these neighbors of ours to the breaking point .
Which is part of the reason the Joint Operating Environment report by the Department of Defense saw the sudden collapse of Mexico as a possibility in the next year .
The War on Drugs is n’t just failing .
The War on Drugs is n’t just causing us to imprison a greater percentage of our population than any other in the world .
The War on Drugs is n’t just eroding our laws and institutions .
The War on Drugs does n’t just undermine the War Against Terrorism .
The War on Drugs is n’t just making our efforts in Afghanistan harder .
The War on Drugs is n’t just wasting law enforcement resources , and costing America gold medals .
No – it is also destabilizing nations right next to us .
This is what makes a reevaluation of our Drug War a national security priority .
Like Loading ...
“ I ’m trying to run a tight ship , ” Will Oldham said when he came to the door .
By which he meant “ Do n’t be late again . ”
It was a Friday afternoon in Louisville , Kentucky , and Oldham was in his working house , a cozy place that would be perfect for a small family , were it not for all the musical instruments and studio equipment .
It ’s tucked behind some trees on a dense residential street in the Highlands , an area known for its charming shops and rising property values .
( He also has a sleeping house nearby , which is just about empty . )
Oldham tends to hide his thoughts behind a faint , ambiguous smile , and hides his smile behind an unpruned beard , which can make him seem like a man out of time .
This impression is underscored by his excellent posture — though that may merely be evidence of a childhood spent in the theatre , learning to be conscious of his body and how it moves .
The front hall was full of CDs , books , and boxes of T - shirts , and Oldham was holding a small stack of light - blue envelopes , the same shade as the cover of his most recent album .
On the front of one , he had written , “ Mom . . . plus siblings . ”
There were concert tickets inside , and they had to be delivered soon , because the concert was twenty - four hours away .
It was time to go .
He walked across the street to his car , a well - worn minivan .
A bumper sticker said , “ When you have overpowered an enemy , show him forgiveness out of gratitude for the ability to overpower him . ”
( The quote comes from Ali ibn Abu Talib , the central figure in Shia Islam ; Oldham got hooked on Muslim bumper stickers after seeing some in a shop in Chicago . )
Louisville is his home town : lots of people there know him , and lots more people know who he is .
Oldham must be one of the country ’s most celebrated singer - songwriters , and if it ’s a relatively small number of people doing the celebrating — well , that just shows how hard they ’ve been working .
He had n’t driven more than a few blocks before a man waved him over and asked if he had a spare ticket for the concert .
He did .
Oldham has been releasing records for fifteen years , though almost never under his own name .
His first recordings were credited to Palace Brothers , a name inspired by John Steinbeck ’s “ Cannery Row ” — in which the characters ’ makeshift home is known as the Palace Flophouse — and by close - harmony duos such as the Louvin Brothers , who helped expand the scope of early country music , and the Everly Brothers , whose hits from half a century ago underscored the link between country music and early rock and roll .
Oldham was a student of music history , clearly , but he never sounded studious .
He had an eerie , strangulated voice , half wild and half broken .
And he sang vivid and peculiar songs , which sometimes sounded like old standards rewritten as fever dreams or , occasionally , as inscrutable dirty jokes .
These days , he calls himself Bonnie “ Prince ” Billy , and his music is a little bit easier to love and a lot harder to dismiss .
He has settled into character as an uncanny troubadour , singing a sort of transfigured country music , and he has become , in his own subterranean way , a canonical figure .
Johnny Cash covered him , Björk has championed him ( she invited him to appear on the soundtrack of “ Drawing Restraint 9 ” ) , and Madonna , he suspects , has quoted him ( her song “ Let It Will Be ” seems to borrow from his “ O Let It Be , ” though he says , “ I ’m fully prepared to accept that it ’s a coincidence ” ) .
One tribute came from the indie folksinger Jeffrey Lewis , whose song “ Williamsburg Will Oldham Horror ” affectionately portrays Oldham as both a hero and a brute ; the joke is that most indie - rock listeners already think of him that way .
And a recent , unenthusiastic review in the London Independent nonetheless concluded that Oldham was “ the underground artist most likely to work his way into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . ”
Although he has never signed with a major label , and has never risen higher than No. 194 on Billboard ’s album chart , his concerts sell out all over the world .
If he remains a spectral figure , that is no coincidence .
In an online tour diary from a few years ago , he wrote , “ It is more rewarding to be complicit with scarcity than excess . ”
He is known , too , as a recluse and an enigma — two words that journalists often use to describe people who do n’t particularly enjoy talking to journalists .
He is cagey in interviews ; he hates photo shoots .
But he rarely goes more than a few months without some kind of record release .
And in the past few years he has swum closer to the surface .
He has rerecorded some of his best - loved songs with deft Nashville professionals , prettifying — or , if you like , desecrating — his own beloved back catalogue of obscurities .
He has starred in a Kanye West video , alongside the comedian Zach Galifianakis .
He appeared in the independent films “ Junebug , ” “ Old Joy , ” and “ Wendy and Lucy , ” the new Michelle Williams film ( he also wrote a melody for her to hum in it ) .
And he played a police officer in “ Trapped in the Closet , ” the multipart comic opera by the R. & B. singer R. Kelly , who is one of Oldham ’s favorites .
It ’s a small part , but he looks as if he ’s having fun .
Oldham ’s mother , Joanne , was still living in the home where he grew up , a two - story house on a hill at the end of a leafy cul - de-sac .
After delivering most of his envelopes , he went to see her , stopping at a liquor store on the way to buy some tonic water .
Joanne is a soft - spoken but lively woman who seems nearly unshockable .
She is an artist ; she drew the image on the cover of her son ’s most recent album , “ Lie Down in the Light ” — the one with the light - blue cover .
( Her assignment : re-create “ The Wrestlers , ” by Gustave Courbet , but turn it into an image of Jacob wrestling the angel . )
In the spirit of hospitality , she offered a warning : she said that her son was n’t always easy to interview .
The word she used was “ ornery . ”
“ Ornery ” also happens to be the title of a profile of the country - music singer Merle Haggard that was published in this magazine , in 1990 .
To Oldham , Haggard , like R. Kelly , is a living hero .
( In this trinity the third member is Leonard Cohen . )
He says that fond memories of that story , which was written by Bryan Di Salvatore , persuaded him to coöperate for this story , although not without trepidation .
In Di Salvatore ’s piece , Haggard is discovered in the kitchen of his tour bus , with his feet stretched out under a table , “ naked except for a plaid flannel shirt and après- ski boots . ”
Oldham says , “ That ’s , like , an ideal for me .
That ’s such a great life . ”
Oldham served drinks and talked about a recent European tour , during which he smuggled psychedelic mushrooms across a border ( he hid them in his underwear ) and stole a hairpin from a flamenco singer ( he hid it in his beard ) .
Soon , it was time for dinner , and after some back - and - forth Oldham and his mother decided on an upscale pub nearby .
Oldham started up the minivan , which is equipped with a fearsome - looking sound system .
To demonstrate its capabilities , he cranked up an old cabaret song .
“ It ’s Mabel Mercer , so it ’s not really a test of the system , ” he said .
“ I remember Mabel Mercer , ” Joanne said .
“ God . ”
The concert had n’t been Oldham ’s idea ; it had come from his friend Oscar Parsons , a singer and guitarist from western Virginia ( on his MySpace page , he calls himself a “ skinny ass billhilly ” ) , who first befriended Oldham by offering him some homemade blueberry moonshine .
Parsons wanted to know how much Oldham charged for a concert .
Oldham said , “ Fuck , anywhere from zero to twenty - five thousand dollars .
It depends who asks . ”
They rented a P.A. system , and agreed that Oscar ’s group — Thomas A. Minor and the Picket Line , with Oscar in the role of Thomas — would be the opening act and also Oldham ’s backing band .
They asked Oscar ’s sister Jennifer , who lives in Los Angeles , to print the tickets on a letterpress .
She made three hundred , and they quickly disappeared from Louisville shops , at ten dollars apiece .
By way of rehearsal , Oldham and the band had spent the week giving brief , unannounced performances at local bars .
On Thursday night , he had called up Joe ’s Palm Room , a venerable and predominantly African - American establishment , and asked , “ Do y’all have music tonight ? ”
The answer was no .
“ Do you want some ? ”
No .
“ So if we came down there with some instruments and played some music , would you like that ? ”
No .
“ For free ? ”
Eventually , the staff had consented to let Oldham and his band play , or , at any rate , consented not to stop them from playing .
A few fans managed to track him down , but many of the people in the audience had no idea that they were watching one of Louisville ’s most celebrated residents , and Oldham seemed proud to have won over a few skeptics .
His favorite review came from a regular patron who had been moved to shout , “ Sing that shit ! ”
W ill Oldham was born in 1970 , the second of three boys ; Joanne was a full - time mother , and his father , Joe , who died in 2006 , was a lawyer and an amateur photographer .
By the early nineteen - eighties , Oldham was getting musical tips from his older brother , Ned , who was immersed in Louisville ’s fertile punk - rock scene , and he soon developed his own adventurous listening habits — he struck up a correspondence with the noisemaker and poet Lydia Lunch , after meeting her at a Sonic Youth show during a trip to New York .
( He also remembers sending a “ fairly elaborate ” package , including a collage , to Glenn Danzig , the former leader of the horror - punk band the Misfits ; he says that Danzig , in turn , sent him a package that included a rare copy of “ Cough / Cool , ” the band ’s 1977 début single . )
Despite his strong and particular musical tastes , Oldham was taken with acting — or , more accurately , he was taken with the idea of getting into character .
He studied at the Walden Theatre , appeared onstage at Louisville ’s acclaimed Actors Theatre , and auditioned for a role in “ Matewan , ” John Sayles ’s film about a coal strike in the nineteen - twenties .
He got the part of Danny , a prophetic boy preacher , which meant two months away from high school , living with actors ( including Chris Cooper and James Earl Jones ) , the crew , and a tutor in West Virginia , and earning twelve hundred and fifty dollars a week , plus a per diem .
When he got back to Louisville , he could n’t figure out what to do next ; with some nudging from his parents , he finished high school and applied to Brown .
He lasted one semester before dropping out ; he moved to Los Angeles , then to New York , tried Brown again , and finally left for good .
All the while , he remained loosely connected to Louisville ’s music scene .
While he was shooting “ Matewan , ” some of his best friends formed a band called Slint ; Oldham shot the cover photograph for Slint ’s 1991 album , “ Spiderland , ” which was recognized , belatedly , as an indie - rock classic .
But he never felt the itch to start his own band .
“ Singing seemed more real to me than acting — and therefore did n’t seem very interesting , ” he says .
He had an agent , for a time , and landed a few more roles ( he played the father in “ Everybody ’s Baby , ” a TV movie about Jessica McClure , the baby who fell down a well ) , but he came to realize that acting was n’t very interesting to him , either : an awful lot of it appeared to consist of fussing over lights and line readings .
He was unmoored and , sometimes , mentally fragile .
“ I retreated into a purely imaginary world , ” he says now , remembering the time he attempted to stop speaking , in the hope of discovering a more intuitive means of communication and a more sympathetic community .
He eventually found both through music , though he started writing songs only because people around him told him to .
He learned his first few guitar chords about the time he went to Brown , and began experimenting with words and melodies at the insistence of Ned and the guys from Slint .
He remembers a slow - breaking revelation : “ I thought , O.K. , music can be a construction , like a movie or like a book .
It ’s not a person singing about their life — someone has actually learned a craft . ”
He made some recordings , including “ Ohio River Boat Song , ” which has become one of his signatures .
( It ’s a Kentuckified version of a Scottish folk standard , “ Loch Tay Boat Song ” ; instead of singing “ I look towards Ben Lawers , ” in reference to a Scottish mountain , he sings , “ I look towards Floyds Knobs , ” in reference to some hills in southern Indiana , across the river from Louisville . )
Because he did n’t have a better plan , he sent out four packages : to the New York indie - rock labels Matador and Homestead ( no reply ) ; the Los Angeles upstart Interscope ( a polite no ) ; and Drag City , a quirky young label based in Chicago .
Dan Koretzky , a co-founder of Drag City , agreed to release a two - song single and then Oldham ’s 1993 début album , “ There Is No- One What Will Take Care of You . ”
Except for a few years during which he tried putting out his own albums , Oldham has worked with Drag City ever since .
The album , which included a version of a song by the mysterious nineteen - twenties gospel singer Washington Phillips , got Oldham some attention , and some gigs .
( He and his bandmates were offered a thousand dollars a show to be an opening act on the 1994 Lollapalooza tour ; they signed up , and , he says , saw their fee raised by two hundred and fifty dollars after the death of Kurt Cobain , whose band , Nirvana , had been scheduled as the headliner . )
The songs were slow , as if Oldham ’s Kentucky warble were pulling the recalcitrant instruments along , and the lyrics , which were full of references to death and sin , helped encourage all sorts of fantasies about Oldham .
One reviewer wondered if the album had been recorded in a barn .
Oldham says that he had set out to make a swaggering blockbuster , in the tradition of the Rolling Stones ’ “ Sticky Fingers . ”
( Suffice it to say that what he made was closer in spirit to “ Moonlight Mile , ” that album ’s ruminative finale , than to its first song , “ Brown Sugar . ” )
He claims to have been baffled by the response .
“ When people were saying , ‘ This sounds Southern , ’ ‘ This sounds country , ’ ‘ This sounds Appalachian , ’ I was just , like , ‘ What the fuck ?
We made a rock record !’ ”
“ Having nannies really changes you . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The idea that he is some sort of folk - art naïf , or an Ivy League dropout pretending to be some sort of folk - art naïf , long haunted and irritated him .
And he spent much of the nineteen - nineties embracing and rejecting various pretenses .
Oldham ’s second album , “ Days in the Wake , ” from 1994 , is a simple recording of him singing and strumming ; “ Viva Last Blues , ” which he made with a full band and released in 1995 , includes a half - heroic rock song called “ Work Hard / Play Hard . ”
With each album , he tweaked his name : Palace Brothers became Palace , then Palace Songs , and finally Palace Music .
“ Arise Therefore , ” a dark and tangled album from 1996 , was released with no artist ’s name at all , and “ Joya , ” which he made twice ( he thought the original version sounded “ unfocussed ” ) , was simply credited to Will Oldham .
The idea , all along , was to erase the person making the music so that listeners would focus on the music itself .
Of course , it did n’t work that way : with each new release came a barrage of questions about Oldham ’s new name , and the evasions only added to his mystique .
And so , one day in 1998 , flying back from a tour of Australia , he created Bonnie “ Prince ” Billy , inspired equally by Bonnie Prince Charlie , the eighteenth - century pretender to the English throne , and Nat King Cole .
“ He ’s going to sing songs that have verses , choruses , and bridges , ” Oldham decided .
“ He ’s , like , a Brill Building or Nashville songwriter . ”
Oldham had finally found a role that he loved .
A casual listener might not have noticed the difference , but it ’s not clear that Oldham has any casual listeners .
Oldham ’s fans tend to be nearly as obsessed with his music as he is ( a number of fan Web sites attempt to track his output , which now includes more than a hundred albums , singles , and collaborations ) , but he still likes the idea of being an old - fashioned artiste , humbly amusing the general public .
And this new character was proof of his commitment .
He says , “ Bonnie ‘ Prince ’ Billy can be more entertaining , ideally , than Palace Brothers were or Will Oldham was . ”
True to form , he signalled the start of this “ entertaining ” era with a bleak , subdued album called “ I See a Darkness , ” which had a skull on the cover .
The album , which appeared in 1999 , was n’t necessarily more fun than Oldham ’s previous ones but it was more direct .
The title song has become one of his most popular ; Johnny Cash sang it , on “ American III : Solitary Man , ” an album from 2000 produced by Rick Rubin , who has long been an Oldham fan .
It ’s a solemn song , but the homely lyrics tug against the prophetic tone of the title : “ Well , I hope that someday , buddy , we have peace in our lives / Together or apart , alone or with our wives . ”
Part of the thrill was the feeling — however illusory — that , for once , you knew exactly what Oldham was talking about .
Tickets for the concert carried a stern warning —
“ No Beer , Alcohol or Drugs ” — and some legalese , which , it turned out , was adapted from Ticketmaster ( “ This ticket is a revocable license and may be taken up and admission refused for any reason ” ) .
No address was given , in order to discourage gate - crashers ; ticket holders had to e-mail for directions , which led them to a small field in the southeastern exurbs of Louisville , past a “ Do Not Enter ” sign , and down a gravel road .
The concert site was a clearing on a lake ; the land belonged to the family of Brad Reinstedler , a banjo player in Oscar Parsons ’s band , whose friends had named the field Funtown and elected him mayor .
Weeks before the concert , on a Louisville music blog called Backseat Sandbar , one fan spread word of the lake and advised concertgoers to bring bathing suits .
Reinstedler replied , “ There will be no swimming due to some unfortunate circumstances . ”
He had purchased liability insurance for the concert , but not enough to insure swimmers .
Cars began arriving at around five in the afternoon ; they were met by volunteers who checked for tickets and directed parking .
One of them explained how he planned to enforce the no-alcohol policy : “ If they got more beers than what I think they can handle , then I ’m gon ’ take a few of ’em . ”
This plan proved unnecessary : alcohol consumption was moderate , although some visitors talked reverently about a “ waterfall ” in the woods , which turned out to be a beer keg next to someone ’s car .
Gate - crashers were scarce .
Oldham is , in his soft - spoken way , an intimidating presence , and it appeared that no one wanted to get on his bad side .
“ You print the rules and cross your fingers , ” he said .
Even he had to admit that this was as pleasant a concert setting as could be imagined .
The stage was a flatbed trailer set up in front of a log cabin ; it was a breezy summer afternoon , and people brought folding chairs and beach blankets .
His mother was there , with a collection of aunts and uncles .
Parsons , shirtless in swimming trunks and as skinny as advertised , sang some charming , shambling mountain songs with his band , and then there was a fake marriage ceremony , in case the neighbors were watching — they had been told that the gathering was for a wedding , on the theory that this would make them less likely to call the police .
Then Oldham took the stage , with Parsons and the band surrounding him .
He was wearing a maroon tank top , orange - and - pink pants , blue Crocs , and a pink Boston Red Sox cap , with “ cam ” and “ odia ” scrawled on either side of the “ B . ”
Parsons began strumming , and Oldham leaned in to test the microphone .
“ Y -y - yeah , ” he said .
Then he clasped his hands behind his back and started singing “ Easy Does It , ” the first song from “ Lie Down in the Light . ”
His singing has grown more precise over the years , and he sometimes closes one eye , pirate - like , or shakes his head , as if he were fighting to push his voice closer to the notes that he hears in his mind .
Volunteers had distributed commemorative Bonnie “ Prince ” Billy kazoos to the first hundred or so people who showed up , and before a song called “ Goat and Ram ” ( which begins by expounding upon the central creed of Islam : “ There is no God but God / God in your body , which is mine ” ) he asked audience members to get out their kazoos and toot along , creating an E drone .
Someone asked why there were n’t enough kazoos to go around .
“ We ’ve actually got a complaint box up here , ” he said , motioning toward his crotch .
“ It ’s right here . ”
He thought for a moment .
“ But it ’s already full . ”
There was one unexpected cover : a version of “ Little Boxes , ” the sixties folk hit that served as the theme song of the Showtime series “ Weeds , ” one of Parsons ’s favorites .
And Oldham found ways to transform some of his own earlier songs : “ Death to Everyone , ” a dirge , became a high - spirited sing - along .
During “ A King at Night , ” he smiled at band members who flubbed the occasional note , and some of the people on blankets joined him in the refrain : “ This is how I start another day in my kingdom . ”
Bent forward , with one knee up , he looked a bit like a court jester .
The sun was setting , so the Christmas lights that had been hung above the stage seemed to grow brighter with every song .
He was accompanied all night by the thrum of cicadas , and the music was punctuated by an occasional splash from the lake .
Oldham has been singing a lot of duets recently , using the conventions of male - female singing — calls and responses , low declarations and high harmonies — to mimic the stylized love he sings about , which sounds more traditional than confessional .
The clear - voiced singer Marty Slayton , who sometimes sings backup for George Strait , helped him nudge his old songs a little way toward the country mainstream on “ Bonnie ‘ Prince ’ Billy Sings Greatest Palace Music , ” in 2004 ; the first time he heard her voice over his it was “ almost an erotic experience , ” he says .
“ The Letting Go , ” from 2006 , was dominated by the unexpected countermelodies of Dawn McCarthy , who leads her own group , Faun Fables , which is now signed to Drag City .
( He got to know her by taking her on tour , along with a then unheralded singer and harpist named Joanna Newsom . )
For his latest album , he found an unlikely duet partner in Ashley Webber , a relatively unknown Canadian singer whom he met on tour .
Onstage , Cheyenne Mize , a dexterous fiddler , filled in for Webber .
When he called out “ O lady , ” she called back “ O boy ! ”
This most recent album , “ Lie Down in the Light , ” sounds generous , like an invitation .
“ It ’s O.K. to accept good fortune , ” Oldham says , by way of explaining the title .
But the song of the same name , which he performed at Funtown , could just as easily describe the apocalypse :
When the sun welcomes us in And the earth ’s protective skin Fails and peels back , face to chin
Then we start it all again__
Why do you frown ?
Why do you try ?
Why do n’t you lie down in the light ?
Oldham ’s voice goes up on those last three words , as if he really wanted to know .
And , near the end of the song , Parsons , still shirtless , broke the eerie mood with a Jew ’s - harp solo .
Friends hooted their approval .
More Trouble Ahead Europe 's New Wave of Toxic Debt
A decade of heavy borrowing has lofted euro zone debt to $ 11 trillion , and it 's starting to come due just when companies are strapped for cash .
Rising defaults could send shock waves through global markets .
Von Carol Matlack
March 29 , 2009 -- A surprise discovery is leading autism researchers at Yale University toward earlier detection and new therapies for children with autism -- possibly beginning in infancy .
That discovery is all about key differences in what captures the attention of children with autism compared to other kids .
Those differences are in place by the time kids are 2 years old and may start much younger , note the scientists , who included Ami Klin , PhD , and Warren Jones , PhD , of the Yale Child Study Center .
" We know that the earlier we are able to detect autism and intervene , the more likely we are to optimize the child 's outcome , " Klin tells WebMD by email .
" Our hope is to detect vulnerabilities for autism as early as possible , so as to intervene with the hope to capitalize on the babies ' brain malleability . "
Thomas Insel , MD , director of the National Institute of Mental Health ( which funded the new study ) , agrees .
" For the first time , this study has pinpointed what grabs the attention of toddlers with ASDs [ autism spectrum disorders ] , " Insel says in a news release .
" In addition to the potential uses in screening for early diagnosis , this line of research holds promise for the development of new therapies based on redirecting visual attention in children with these disorders . "
Father Kennedy 's supporters include Gold Coast nurse Mary Adams , who said the St Mary 's priest helped her and others set up a support group for victims of child sex abuse by the clergy .
Ms Adams said she had been sexually abused in 1962 as a 12 - year - old boarder at the St Joseph 's Home orphanage at Neerkol , near Rockhampton .
She said the priests had not been charged .
Ms Adams and hundreds abused as children had received no help through the Catholic Church 's Towards Healing program , set up in 1996 after the jailing of several priests and brothers for sexual abuse , she said .
The program was promoted as an in - house alternative to civil court action and promised justice and compensation to victims .
" A lot of people abused by the priests and brothers are now in their 70s and have spent their whole lives suffering because nobody in the church would acknowledge the abuse , " she said .
" If the church thinks it can get away with the abuse , it will continue to ignore victims and just move priests to other parishes , states or overseas where they continue to abuse . "
She said she had met victims who later committed suicide because they could not cope with their memories and being ignored .
Father Kennedy allowed Ms Adams to use his office in 1994 to run the Neerkol Action Support Group in support of sexual abuse victims .
" I went to St Mary 's last Sunday to support Peter [ Kennedy ] because I was so angry about the church 's hypocrisy that protects pedophiles and abusers in the church , " she said .
Ms Adams wrote to the Catholic Church 's professional standards office last month protesting about the way the church had treated her and other victims .
It had left her " very saddened and disillusioned " , she wrote .
" It 's only clergy like Father Peter Kennedy that has been there for us .
. . and I admire this wonderful man . . . " Father Kennedy said last week pedophilia had turned thousands of parishioners away from the religion in Australia and overseas .
" I'm threatening the church 's power base by questioning their way of thinking and that 's why they want to get rid of me , " he said .
He said many priests suspected of pedophilia were told to stop saying public Mass , then moved to another parish , state or country while their crimes were covered up .
Last year ,
The Sun-Herald revealed convicted pedophile Father Ronald McKeirnan celebrated weekly private masses at The Marist Brothers House , which adjoins a school , in inner-city Paddington .
McKeirnan , who remains a priest , served a year in prison in 1998 and 1999 for molesting nine boys .
In 2006 , a parent whose son attended the nearby school , Marist College Rosalie , complained to the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney , Cardinal George Pell , about McKeirnan and a " cover - up " by the Brisbane Archdiocese .
" Cardinal Pell replied that the issue . . . was a matter for the Brisbane Archdiocese , " she said .
After further complaints by parents , Archbishop Bathersby withdrew his permission for McKeirnan to say Mass .
Ms Chris McIsaac , president of victims ' support group Broken Rites , said more than 100 brothers and priests had been convicted of sexual assault since 1993 .
" From the victims ' point of view we find it disappointing that the church finds these sorts of issues [ complaints against Kennedy ] more important than child abuse , " she said .
An archdiocesan spokesman said last week : " Any priest convicted of sexual offences has their faculties [ permissions to exercise priestly office ] suspended and is . . . removed from all public ministry . "
Once Father Kennedy was removed from St Mary's , he would hold " no office " .
kdennehy@fairfax media.com.au
" I am a most unhappy man ... " [ edit ]
Here is part of the quote by Woodrow Wilson that many today are trying to claim is an internet hoax , along with its cite to Wilson 's own book .
The first part of the quote is in the book as well , yet is technically not part of the same quotation , yet both parts were from Wilson himself .
Twelve paragraphs under the chapter titled : IX BENEVOLENCE , OR JUSTICE ? “.. we have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated , governments in the civilized world — no longer a government by free opinion , no longer a government by conviction and the vote of the majority , but a government by the opinion and the duress of small groups of dominant men . "
" THE NEW FREEDOM " A CALL FOR THE EMANCIPATION OF THE GENEROUS ENERGIES OF A PEOPLE BY WOODROW WILSON NEW YORK AND GARDEN CITY DOUBLEDAY , PAGE & COMPANY 1913 http://www.gutenberg.org/files/14811/14811-h/14811-h.htm
" I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country .
A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit .
Our system of credit is concentrated .
The growth of the nation , therefore , and all our activities are in the hands of a few men .
We have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion , no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority , but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men . "
- Woodrow Wilson , after signing the Federal Reserve into existence
It seems to be all over the internet so it must be true ... but seriously : many of the " Federal Reserve controlling the world " conspiracy buffs seem to cite it , but I have n't seen any that actually cite a date or a specific document , and with conspiracy buffs even many quotes that do have specified citations turn out to be bogus .
Until it can be found in some fairly reliable source , I 'd treat it with extreme skepticism .
" I have unwittingly ruined my country " seems a bit too extreme of a statement for any politician to ever say .
I would n't put much trust in too many of the " conspiracy " quotes that are used by all kinds of people — even the legitimate ones are often taken out of context in extreme ways .
~ Achilles 14:16 , 24 Jan 2005 ( UTC )
It actually has been added to the Wikipedia on the Federal Reserve Act page ... but even there it has been given no specific source , and I remain skeptical about it .
~ Achilles 14:20 , 24 Jan 2005 ( UTC )
Achilles , you should do some real research before you just throw the entirety of the subject into the " conspiracy theory " heap .
It 's not a conspiracy theory when it 's true .
The Federal Reserve and banking elitists in this country in collusion with other central banking elitists in foreign countries , using their money to buy political offices and lobby their own causes , have raped the United States as well as other countries of any true wealth .
- xxxAdamasxxx 4/16/11
In his book The New Freedom : A Call For the Emancipation of the Generous Energies of a People , chapter 9 Woodrow Wilson cites most of this .
However , " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . " contains no reference .
— This unsigned comment is by 75.81.11.163 ( talk • contribs ) .
The source is easy enough to find : National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23
I 've done a bit of searching for this quote and can only find it on tax protester sites , without any citation other than date .
On the date usually given , Wilson seems to have been in Colorado giving a speech about the League of Nations which has nothing to do with the above quote .
His State of the Union speech given a few months later completely contradicts the essence of this quote .
I believe the quote to be a false one .
I 'll eat my words if someone can actually produce a verifiable citation , but I doubt I 'll have to .
And further , the reference to " National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 " is BS
National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 PAGE 100 .
The quote is mostly words Wilson actually wrote , with the first two sentences of it apparently being incorrect and the rest taken from Wilson 's The New Freedom .
Below is what one can actually derive from connecting together two passages from The New Freedom :
A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit .
Our system of credit is privately concentrated .
The growth of the nation , therefore , and all our activities are in the hands of a few men ... [ W ]e have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated , governments in the civilized world — no longer a government by free opinion , no longer a government by conviction and the vote of the majority , but a government by the opinion and the duress of small groups of dominant men .
All of the above is from Woodrow Wilson 's The New Freedom : A Call for the Emancipation of the Generous Energies of a People ( New York and Garden City : Doubleday , Page & Company , 1913 ) .
[ 1 ]
In this same work , Wilson also wrote the below :
Since I entered politics , I have chiefly had men's views confided to me privately .
Some of the biggest men in the United States , in the field of commerce and manufacture , are afraid of somebody , are afraid of something .
They know that there is a power somewhere so organized , so subtle , so watchful , so interlocked , so complete , so pervasive , that they had better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it .
206.148.136.60 18:58 , 22 October 2006 ( UTC )
It does n't really matter who said it , the point is that it is true , the federal government and federal reserve create a monarchy as opposed to a democracy .
— This unsigned comment is by 118.90.56.124 ( talk • contribs ) .
Guys , the United States is not supposed to be a democracy .
It 's supposed to be a Constitutional Republic .
If you look at the Federal Reserve , Congress , the Senate , and what recent presidents have been pulling , you 'll see that they are not following the Constitution .
That is why we have an illegal , unapportioned income tax and are engaged in several unconstitutional wars .
Also , the Federal Reserve is a PRIVATE corporation .
The responsibility of the coin purse of the United States is supposed to fall directly to Congress and the Treasury .
- xxxAdamasxxx 4/16/11
Actually this quote is taken from Woodrow Wilson 's diary not in any speech he gave .
those would be big words for a politician to preach to the public .
— This unsigned comment is by 98.115.254.59 ( talk • contribs ) .
The FED published data on three monetary aggregates , yet on November 10th 2005 announced that as of March 23rd 2006 , it would cease publication of M3 .
YET M3 is the best description of how quickly the Fed is creating new money & credit .
Which means they 're creating it out of thin air , therefore depreciating the value of each dollar in circulation IF EACH DOLLAR REPRESENTS AN IOU BASED ON GOLD .
Here 's The Recent Data which confirms Woodrow Wilson 's quote : http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h6/discm3.htm
— This unsigned comment is by 98.217.198.108 ( talk • contribs ) .
Misattributed Section Change [ edit ]
I do n't know if I did the right thing or not but i removed the Misattributed Section that stated that a famous Wilson quote was entirely made up .
Most of it at least is real as can be verified by the source so I added the part that is definitely true to the Sourced Section .
From the original text one would understand that 100 % of the quoted text was false when in fact at least most of it was accurate .
Right now the article contains what it should ( in my oppinion ) : Wilson 's original quote .
Leave the debates for the talk pages please .
-- xeq
I am in the process of verifying the original quote with " I am a most unhappy person .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . " at the beginning .
I think I might have found someone who has a copy of “ National Economy and the Banking System , " Senate Documents Co. 3 , No. 23 -- xeq
Here is a link to “ National Economy and the Banking System , " Senate Documents : https://archive.org/stream/NationalEconomyAndTheBankingSystemOfTheUnitedStates/NationalEconomyAndTheBankingSystem#page/n105/mode/2up/search/wilson
Look halfway down on page 100 .
In some versions of this quote I have read , it says in the quote " a small group of dominant men " but in the version I 've linked from a congressional report , it reads " small groups of dominant men " .... a world of difference as to whom Woodrow Wilson is implicating ... the FED or independent bankers of that day .
--123.2.48.239 02:19 , 7 January 2016 ( UTC )
Someone said the reference to " National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 " is BS .
Would that person please elaborate ?
Did he read the book and find the quote to be different ?
Did he read the book and notice the quote does n't exist ?
Does that document not exist ?
The document certainly exists as it is referenced on many believable sites and I may have even found someone who might have a copy .
I am pretty sure people agree to this ( if they do n't I will have to include links as right now I do n't think it 's the case and I 'm too lazy ) .
One more thing ... there appear to be 3 versions of this quote .
One I included in the Sourced Section .
The second includes " I have unwittingly ruined my country " in front .
The third includes " I am a most unhappy man " in front of the second .
There are also 3 possible sources :
One has been proven for the first version : The New Freedom : A Call for the Emancipation of the Generous Energies of a People ( New York and Garden City : Doubleday , Page & Company , 1913 )
Some sites ( pretty believable in my opinion ) say Woodrow Wilson said version 2 ( and some version 3 ) in 1916 , three years after the passing of the Federal Reserve Act .
National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 ( Owen , Robert L. , 1939 ) , which is said to contain version 2 and ( by some sites ) version 3 of the quote , possibly ( in my opinion ) from 1916 .
-- xeq
I restored the misattributed section and its content , as well as extending some of the genuine material out of which this " quote " was woven .
Political campaign speeches notoriously resort to histrionics , but to begin a statement with what seems to be a total fabrication " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . " and then follow it with cherry - picked portions of other campaign statements against several types of general business monopolies to make it seem that there is some single monolithic and sinsister cabal that he is warning people about , when that is not actually the case , is to compose a very bogus and misleading " quotation " .
Wilson himself in his Preface to the collection of genuine material indicates " I have not written a book since the campaign .
I did not write this book at all .
It is the result of the editorial literary skill of Mr. William Bayard Hale , who has put together here in their right sequences the more suggestive portions of my campaign speeches . "
Thus this is done openly , with his own material , and with his own authorization , making the statements that appear in the book his .
To mix statements in plainly misleading ways and without authorization , and to mix the false with the true are other matters entirely .
Wikiquote articles are places to expose widely circulated bogus quotes as well as to post genuine ones , and the comments accurately indicated that the statement seemed to be a misleading mixture of the genuine and the fabricated , and this remains the case .
~ Kalki 21:53 , 14 March 2007 ( UTC )
Is n't it possible that Wilson later repeated that speech ( as many politicians do ) including " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country " ?
Setting aside the apparent radical nature of the words , has it been proven that Wilson never said those words ?
To say that quote is misattributed is to say it's on good authority that he never said it .
Is this the case ?
I think at the very least this section should n't exist .
There can be two possible sources of information on this : one saying that he did say it and the other that he did n't .
While the first exists ( in quite a few forms , though some people do n't entirely trust ) the second certainly does n't .
Two kinds of people seem to exist : the ones that read a conspiracy theory and accept it without research and the ones that read it and say it 's false without research .
The first act out of spite for the authorities while the second act out of spite for conspiracy theories .
I just ask you to be trully impartial on this matter .
What you are saying here is that because Wilson said that quote without " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country " in front he definitely could n't have said it in the second form .
What 's your exact reasoning ?
As people cites their sources when they say this quote is true you should cite yours when you say it is n't .
Right now it appears you 're citing yourself .
There should be at least a newspaper article , a university professor , any public figure that looked into the matter and found this quote to be bogus .
I grant you there is a possibility that Wilson never said it but right now it 's not probable .
Right now the opposite is probable ( according to sources , excluding " National Economy ... " ) .
There are pretty good chances that this material is genuine as there are quite a few good sources on it ( note that in the end no source can be said to be 100 % trustworthy ) .
There apparently is a book in which this quote appears and if it's there than no person on Wikipedia , unless that person is an authority on the subject , can decide it 's false .
So until someone clarifies what 's written in " National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 " I do n't think anyone here can assume to have more authority on the matter than Mr. Owen , Robert L. ( the author ) and i suggest that until then the section should be deleted .
Right now one would assume that the person who says this quote is misattributed read that book and found that quote not to be there or to be different OR that person is saying that he is a better authority on the matter then the author .
None of these are true .
The practice of not only deleting a quote that has a source but also saying it 's misattributed , although nobody who says this read the book , is a really bad one .
I would like it if at least people agreed that it ' still an open debate and it should be left for the talk pages .
Right now the entry in the Misattributed section is citing the talk pages !
I think that 's where the debate should take place until a proper resolution .
~ xeq 12:34 , 15 March 2007 ( UTC )
I do not think it at all credible that a person who is running for the office of President , would at any point in his campaigning say " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . "
Nor that someone who had not yet even been elected to that office would even have any cause or reason to say it .
The portions of Wilson 's statements that are genuine , in context , are also plainly are referring to things far less sinister and secretive than they plainly are meant to imply in the cobbled together versions that they have been used to create .
Personally , I do not think it at all credible that he actually said anything remotely like that statement as it is portrayed , at any point in his life , let alone on the campaign trail , and the overwhelming preponderance of the evidence indicates that it is a deliberately concocted statement meant to mislead people to false conclusions , and not a genuine one , meant to illuminate actual truth .
Many famous people have quotes falsely attributed to them , and their are sections on many pages of the Wikiquote project where such quotes are presented along with the evidence that exists that they are not genuine .
No one can absolutely prove that Eleanor Roosevelt did not at some point in her life say " America is all about speed .
Hot , nasty , bad - ass speed " but one has to be extremely ignorant and credulous to actually be inclined to believe that she did , merely because she is " quoted " as having done so in Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby .
One should not have to be in so absurd a position as that of having to prove so absurd a thing is false .
If something seems both absurdly uncharacteristic and is not reliably documented , it should be the burden of those who insist upon it as genuine to prove that it is true .
~ Kalki 13:50 , 15 March 2007 ( UTC )
I heard this speech with my own ears .
I was there .
It 's verbatim .
Stop screwing with history .
130.111.158.192 22:10 , 15 April 2007 ( UTC )
If this is false then why has n’t any proof of National Economy and the Banking System , Senate Documents , Col. 3 No. 23 been produced ?
That would seem to be the best way to prove Truth or fault about this .
Also check out http://www.freedomtofascism.com/
Aaron Russo's film on the subject .
This is my first experience with Mr. Russo's work .
And I believe he would take his time to find Truth before using false claims .
Even Repub .
Congressman RON PAUL from Texas agrees that the FED is EVIL !
And he is the Defender of the Constitution !
http://www.ronpaul2008.com
He appears in Aaron Russo's film and talks openly about this .
I think I would Believe a very educated and loyal servant of our Nation when he speaks against the Big Machine .
I am searching for Answers like the rest of you ...
K. Maguire
11/26/2007 ( http://www.gotlocalmusic.com)
— This unsigned comment is by 67.131.229.200 ( talk • contribs ) .
I retained the " Disputed " tag to the section on my last edit , as it remains disputed , but I see very little credible evidence that it is not a misattribution .
As with all attempts to prove a negative there can be no " proof " that is not , but there also remains no reliable evidence at all that it is genuine .
I reverted changes made to the summary , as it seems very clearly to be a concoction , with only the first two sentences not yet sourced at all to other documents .
I also added this comment to the previous remarks :
It has been said by some supporters of its supposed authenticity to appear in " Senate Documents Co. 3 , No. 23 , 76th Congress , 1st session , 1939 " but even were it in these records it would certainly be someone quoting it into the record , and not a quote of Wilson directly , as he had already been dead a number of years .
Many such misquotations thus appear in Senate and Congressional records .
If such a record actually exists a citation of a more definite source might conceivably exist there .
I am not even confident that there is such a document at all , but if there is , unless it provides an earlier definite source , it merely provides a possible date of when this statement began circulating .
~ Kalki 14:39 , 14 December 2007 ( UTC )
As unlikely as it may be , I can also conceive of some genuine source for " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . " eventually being found , but in a totally different context from that portrayed .
I find very little credibility to the idea that such a statement was ever made by Wilson , or any other politician , in any campaign speech .
~ Kalki 14:46 , 14 December 2007 ( UTC )
Though the argument seems to be entangled so deeply into a spiral which is impossible now to even read , it seems the " doubters " have won by attrition .
I would argue the merits of the quote by the fact that hundreds of other statesmen have repeatedly warned of the dangers of a " Central Banking System ! "
These quotes are easily available , but are also attacked by the intellectuals , which takes us to the same spiral .
I think we are all forgetting , ( ONE ) WE HAVE A CENTRAL BANK !
( TWO ) WE HAVE A 9 TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICIT !
With a seventy trillion dollar entitlement , ( social security , medicaid , and medicare ) .
The Democratic and Republican two party system was born of the Andrew Jackson presidency .
Andrew Jackson 's legacy was ending the Central Banking System that had already gained control of our money .
Historians will all agree a particular event that sticks out as leading to the Revolutionary War was King George III 's attempt to outlaw the interest free , independent currency being used by the Colonies .
There by forcing them to accept a paper bill issued by the Central Bank of England , at interest .
This is the entire argument against the Central Banking System .
It charges the government interest to borrow money from the bank in order to finance the need for a currency .
— This unsigned comment is by Davmo ( talk • contribs ) .
14:26 , 7 February 2008 ( UTC )
References at Google Book
Woodrow Wilson : " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined my country ... "
The American Mercury by George Jean Nathan , Henry Louis Mencken , 1924 , p. 56 [ 2 ]
" President Woodrow Wilson -( After breaking with the engineers of the Fed Act , and near his death ) , " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined my ... "
The Federal Reserve Hoax By Wickliffe B. Vennard , 1959 , p. 27 , full quote [ 3 ]
Richard Cotten 's Conservative Viewpoint by Richard B. Cotten [ 4 ]
" PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON - ( After breaking with Colonel House ) who with Warburg engineered the Fed. act : " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined ... "
To All My Children As the World Turns By Gyeorgos C. Hatonn , 1993 , p. 152 [ 5 ]
" Even Woodrow Wilson would regret his actions and before his death , stated : " I am a most unhappy man -- unwittingly I have ruined my country . "
After Fascism By Abid Ullah Jan , p. 31 , full quote [ 6 ]
Web of Debt By Ellen Hodgson Brown . p. 127 , partial quote [ 7 ]
" The bill passed on December 22 , 1913 , and President Wilson signed it into law the next day .
Later he regretted what he had done .
He is reported to have said before he died , " I have unwittingly ruined my country . "
Outsourcing Culture By Robert E. Greenwood Jr. Phd , p. 118 , partial quote [ 8 ]
--98.202.49.82 22:09 , 16 August 2008 ( UTC )
I found this quote which is kind of saying the same thing at brainyquotes .com I 'm pretty sure it is n't a conspiracy theory site .
" The government , which was designed for the people , has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers , the special interests .
An invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy . "
I agree that it is conceivable that there is a genuine source for " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country . "
I also agree that it is unlikely that it would be included in a " campaign " speech .
But I do n't see where anyone has attributed said quote to a " campaign " speech .
He was already President when the Federal Reserve Act was enacted , and he is said to have said these words " before he died . "
— This unsigned comment is by 65.25.43.158 ( talk • contribs ) .
01:42 , 26 September 2008 ( UTC )
Senate Document 23 [ edit ]
I 've located Senate Doc. 23 , 76th Congress , 1st Session .
There 's no " I am a most unhappy man " and there 's no " I have unwittingly ruined my country " .
There are two quotes from Wilson on page 100 :
Woodrow Wilson , 1916 , said : A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit .
Our system of credit is concentrated .
The growth of the Nation , therefore , and all our activities are in the hands of a few men ...
We have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated , governments in the civilized world — no longer a government by free opinion , no longer a government by conviction and the vote of the majority , but a government by the opinion and the duress of small groups of dominant men .
President Wilson , in advocating the Federal Reserve Act , said :
We must have a currency , not rigid as now , but readily , elastically responsive to sound credit , the expanding and contracting credits of everyday transactions , the normal ebb and flow of personal and corporate dealings .
Our banking laws must mobilize reserves ; must not permit the concentration anywhere in a few hands of the monetary resources of the country or their use for speculative purposes in such volume as to hinder or impede or stand in the way of other more legitimate , more fruitful uses .
And the control of the system of banking and of issue which our new laws are to set up must be public , not private , must be vested in the Government itself , so that the banks may be the instruments , not the masters , of business and of individual enterprise and initiative .
I have also looked at The Federal Reserve Hoax ( 1959 ) in a library .
It has no references for any of its quotes .
The quote " I am a most unhappy man .
I have unwittingly ruined my country " does not appear in Dwinell 's The Story of Our Money ( 1946 ) , and she would certainly have included it if the quote was known then .
I conclude that the quote came into existence between 1946 and 1959 and is not genuine .
KHirsch 03:05 , 9 January 2009 ( UTC )
HERE'S SOME VERIFIABLE INFORMATION :
First , you have to understand how money actually comes to exist in the first place .
Common middle Americans only think statements such as Wilson 's to be extreme because of a fundamental lack of education about our monetary system and its role , beginning with the Central Bank - ie .
The Federal Reserve - incidentally privately owned , not federal AT ALL , in case you were unaware .
I recommend two sources to give the fundamentals , easily located at www.video.google.com:
The first is a 47 minute document : ' ary explaining how money is created called Money As Debt ; second ( and longer , but equally important and well - documented ) The Money Masters .
You will find that Woodrow Wilson and all of the others , including presidents , were - pun intended - right on the money about how destructive the system is .
Another from John Adams , one of our founding fathers : " All of the perplexities , confusion , and distress in America arises , not from the defects of the Constitution or Confederation , not from want of honor or virtue , so much as from DOWNRIGHT IGNORANCE OF THE NATURE OR COIN , CREDIT , AND CIRCULATION .'"***
--207.30.9.41 17:52 , 1 September 2010 ( UTC ) Strawman Solution
Thank you for your interest , but notice at the top of this page : " This is the talk page for discussing improvements to the Woodrow Wilson article . " & " This is not a forum for general discussion about the article 's subject . "
At issue here is not the subject matter of the purported quotes , but verifying whether Wilson actually said them .
~ Ningauble 15:39 , 2 September 2010 ( UTC )
If Wilson said the two first sentences or not :
If he said the rest , he most definetly was " a most unhappy man " and very hopefully " unwittingly " .
So leaving these 2 phrases in the quote seems very logical to me as to summarize the following .
— This unsigned comment is by 72.22.150.221 ( talk • contribs ) .
The source is dead .
Even if he didnt say it EVERYTHING about the Federal Reserve and how it opperate is TRUE — This unsigned comment is by 76.107.108.40 ( talk • contribs ) .
The legitimacy of this quote has pretty much been put to rest .
The first two sentences appear to be complete fabrications .
The rest of it is actually two separate quotes that are slightly altered and taken out of context .
He is actually referring to monopolies .
Source : The New Freedom -- Ryan0991 20:51 , 17 August 2011 ( UTC )
The quote clearly refers to credit and banking .
So not " monopolies " but the banking monopoly .
Here is the actual quote : " A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit .
Our system of credit is privately concentrated .
The growth of the nation , therefore , and all our activities are in the hands of a few men who , even if their action be honest and intended for the public interest , are necessarily concentrated upon the great undertakings in which their own money is involved and who necessarily , by very reason of their own limitations , chill and check and destroy genuine economic freedom .
This is the greatest question of all , and to this statesmen must address themselves with an earnest determination to serve the long future and the true liberties of men . "
- Woodrow Wilson contributed by C. Whitaker --214.26.214.162 22:27 , 24 January 2012 ( UTC )
Historical revisionism ? [ edit ]
This line seems very aggressive ...
" He is often the target of revisionist biographers , who criticize his segregationist legislation . "
I 'm not an expert on Wilson so i have left it for now , but perhaps a more objective phrasing might be in order .
Something like :
" He has been criticize by some biographers for his segregationist legislation . "
As the author of that line , let me elaborate .
Revisionism , I have always believed , is not entirely a negative thing .
For example , it is good that many previously canon explanations of history are revisited after time and society has progressed a bit .
I would not construe the use of the word revisionist to be unobjective , merely descriptive .
In truth , that is what has happened .
With a revision of accepted popular opinion on Woodrow Wilson , he has been found , in light of contemporary ideology and sentiments , to be a bit on the bigotted side when it came to his policies .
-- Benn M 10:23 , 5 Jun 2005 ( UTC )
I agree with you on that " revisionist " sounds too aggressive and a bit unobjective .
Your proposed like seems to me better .
Please update it .
Perhaps you can include one of most notable those biographers - it is a fact and not a labelling in my opinion .
If the biographer mentioned if a revisionist or not , it is up to the judge of readers , not us .
-- Aphaia 10:44 , 5 Jun 2005 ( UTC )
Federal Reserve quotes [ edit ]
The Rothschilds " The few who understand the system , will either be so interested from its profits or so dependant on its favors , that there will be no opposition from that class . " -- Rothschild Brothers of London , 1863
" Give me control of a nation 's money and I care not who makes its laws " -- Mayer Amschel Bauer Rothschild
Senators & Congressmen :
" Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the international money lenders .
The accounts of the Federal Reserve System have never been audited .
It operates outside the control of Congress and manipulates the credit of the United States " -- Sen. Barry Goldwater ( Rep. AZ )
" This [ Federal Reserve Act ] establishes the most gigantic trust on earth .
When the President [ Wilson} signs this bill , the invisible government of the monetary power will be legalized .... the worst legislative crime of the ages is perpetrated by this banking and currency bill . "
-- Charles A. Lindbergh , Sr. , 1913
" From now on , depressions will be scientifically created . " -- Congressman Charles A. Lindbergh Sr. , 1913
" The financial system has been turned over to the Federal Reserve Board .
That Board asministers the finance system by authority of a purely profiteering group .
The system is Private , conducted for the sole purpose of obtaining the greatest possible profits from the use of other people 's money " -- Charles A. Lindbergh Sr. , 1923
" The Federal Reserve bank buys government bonds without one penny ... " -- Congressman Wright Patman , Congressional Record , Sept 30 , 1941
" We have , in this country , one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known .
I refer to the Federal Reserve Board .
This evil institution has impoverished the people of the United States and has practically bankrupted our government .
It has done this through the corrupt practices of the moneyed vultures who control it " .
-- Congressman Louis T. McFadden in 1932 ( Rep. Pa )
" The Federal Reserve banks are one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever seen .
There is not a man within the sound of my voice who does not know that this nation is run by the International bankers -- Congressman Louis T. McFadden ( Rep. Pa )
" Some people think the Federal Reserve Banks are the United States government 's institutions .
They are not government institutions .
They are private credit monopolies which prey upon the people of the United States for the benefit of themselves and their foreign swindlers " -- Congressional Record 12595-12603 --
Louis T. McFadden , Chairman of the Committee on Banking and Currency ( 12 years ) June 10 , 1932
" I have never seen more Senators express discontent with their jobs .... I think the major cause is that , deep down in our hearts , we have been accomplices in doing something terrible and unforgiveable to our wonderful country .
Deep down in our heart , we know that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy .
We have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected . " -- John Danforth ( R - Mo )
" These 12 corporations together cover the whole country and monopolize and use for private gain every dollar of the public currency ... " -- Mr. Crozier of Cincinnati , before Senate Banking and Currency Committee - 1913
" The [ Federal Reserve Act ] as it stands seems to me to open the way to a vast inflation of the currency ...
I do not like to think that any law can be passed that will make it possible to submerge the gold standard in a flood of irredeemable paper currency . " -- Henry Cabot Lodge Sr. , 1913
From the Federal Reserves Own Admissions : " When you or I write a check there must be sufficient funds in out account to cover the check , but when the Federal Reserve writes a check there is no bank deposit on which that check is drawn .
When the Federal Reserve writes a check , it is creating money . " --
Putting it simply , Boston Federal Reserve Bank
" Neither paper currency nor deposits have value as commodities , intrinsically , a ' dollar ' bill is just a piece of paper .
Deposits are merely book entries . " -- Modern Money Mechanics Workbook , Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago , 1975
" The Federal Reserve system pays the U.S. Treasury 020.60 per thousand notes -- a little over 2 cents each -- without regard to the face value of the note .
Federal Reserve Notes , incidently , are the only type of currency now produced for circulation .
They are printed exclusively by the Treasury 's Bureau of Engraving and Printing , and the $ 20.60 per thousand price reflects the Bureau 's full cost of production .
Federal Reserve Notes are printed in 01 , 02 , 05 , 10 , 20 , 50 , and 100 dollar denominations only ; notes of 500 , 1000 , 5000 , and 10,000 denominations were last printed in 1945 . "
-- Donald J. Winn , Assistant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve system
" We are completely dependant on the commercial banks .
Someone has to borrow every dollar we have in circulation , cash or credit .
If the banks create ample synthetic money we are prosperous ; if not , we starve .
We are absolutely without a permanent money system ....
It is the most important subject intelligent persons can investigate and reflect upon .
It is so important that our present civilization may collapse unless it becomes widely understood and the defects remedied very soon . "
-- Robert H. Hamphill , Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank
From General Law : " The entire taxing and monetary systems are hereby placed under the U.C.C. ( Uniform Commercial Code ) " -- The Federal Tax Lien Act of 1966
" There is a distinction between a ' debt discharged ' and a debt ' paid ' .
When discharged , the debt still exists though divested of it's charter as a legal obligation during the operation of the discharge , something of the original vitality of the debt continues to exist , which may be transferred , even though the transferee takes it subject to it 's disability incident to the discharge . "
-- Stanek vs. White , 172 Minn.390 , 215 N.W. 784
" The Federal Reserve Banks are not federal instrumentalities ... " -- Lewis vs. United States 9th Circuit 1992
" The regional Federal Reserve banks are not government agencies .
... but are independent , privately owned and locally controlled corporations . " -- Lewis vs. United States , 680 F. 2d 1239 9th Circuit 1982
Past Presidents , not including the Founding Fathers
" Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce . " -- James A. Garfield , President of the United States
" A great industrial nation is controlled by it 's system of credit .
Our system of credit is concentrated in the hands of a few men .
We have come to be one of the worst ruled , one of the most completely controlled and dominated governments in the world -- no longer a government of free opinion , no longer a government by conviction and vote of the majority , but a government by the opinion and duress of small groups of dominant men . "
-- President Woodrow Wilson
Founding Father 's Quotes on Banking ( May contain some repeats from " Founding Father 's Quotes " / Information tends to converge )
Thomas Jefferson : " I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
Already they have raised up a monied aristocracy that has set the government at defiance .
The issuing power ( of money ) should be taken away from the banks and restored to the people to whom it properly belongs . " -- Thomas Jefferson , U.S. President .
Andrew Jackson :
" If Congress has the right [ it does n't ] to issue paper money [ currency ] , it was given to them to be used by ...[ the government ] and not to be delegated to individuals or corporations " -- President Andrew Jackson , Vetoed Bank Bill of 1836
James Madison : " History records that the money changers have used every form of abuse , intrigue , deceit , and violent means possible to maintain their control over governments by controlling money and it's issuance " .
-- James Madison Misc. Sources
" Banks lend by creating credit .
They create the means of payment out of nothing " -- Ralph M. Hawtrey , Secretary of the British Treasury
" To expose a 15 Trillion dollar ripoff of the American people by the stockholders of the 1000 largest corporations over the last 100 years will be a tall order of business . " -- Buckminster Fuller
" Every Congressman , every Senator knows precisely what causes inflation ... but can't , [ wo n't ] support the drastic reforms to stop it [ repeal of the Federal Reserve Act ] because it could cost him his job . " -- Robert A. Heinlein , Expanded Universe
" It is well that the people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system , for if they did , I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning . " -- Henry Ford
" [ Every circulating FRN ] represents a one dollar debt to the Federal Reserve system . " -- Money Facts , House Banking and Currency Committee
" ... the increase in the assets of the Federal Reserve banks from 143 million dollars in 1913 to 45 billion dollars in 1949 went directly to the private stockholders of the [ federal reserve ] banks . " -- Eustace Mullins
" As soon as Mr. Roosevelt took office , the Federal Reserve began to buy government securities at the rate of ten million dollars a week for 10 weeks , and created one hundred million dollars in new [ checkbook ] currency , which alleviated the critical famine of money and credit , and the factories started hiring people again . " -- Eustace Mullins
" Should government refrain from regulation ( taxation ) , the worthlessness of the money becomes apparent and the fraud can no longer be concealed . " -- John Maynard Keynes , " Consequences of Peace . "
" Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin .
The Bankers own the earth .
Take it away from them , but leave them the power to create deposits , and with the flick of the pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again .
However , take it away from them , and all the great fortunes like mine will disappear and they ought to disappear , for this would be a happier and better world to live in .
But , if you wish to remain the slaves of Bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery , let them continue to create deposits " . -
SIR JOSIAH STAMP , ( President of the Bank of England in the 1920's , the second richest man in Britain ) :
" The modern Banking system manufactures money out of nothing .
The process is perhaps the most astounding piece of sleight of hand that was ever invented .
Banks can in fact inflate , mint and unmint the modern ledger - entry currency " . -
MAJOR L .L. B. ANGUS :
" While boasting of our noble deeds were careful to conceal the ugly fact that by an iniquitous money system we have nationalized a system of oppression which , though more refined , is not less cruel than the old system of chattel slavery .
- Horace Greeley
" People who will not turn a shovel full of dirt on the project ( Muscle Shoals Dam ) nor contribute a pound of material , will collect more money from the United States than will the People who supply all the material and do all the work .
This is the terrible thing about interest ... But here is the point :
If the Nation can issue a dollar bond it can issue a dollar bill .
The element that makes the bond good makes the bill good also .
The difference between the bond and the bill is that the bond lets the money broker collect twice the amount of the bond and an addi- tional 20 % .
Whereas the currency , the honest sort provided by the Constitution pays nobody but those who contribute in some useful way .
It is absurd to say our Country can issue bonds and cannot issue currency .
Both are promises to pay , but one fattens the usurer and the other helps the People .
If the currency issued by the People were no good , then the bonds would be no good , either .
It is a terrible situation when the Government , to insure the National Wealth , must go in debt and submit to ruinous interest charges at the hands of men who control the fictitious value of gold .
Interest is the invention of Satan " .
- THOMAS A. EDISON
" By this means government may secretly and unobserved , confiscate the wealth of the people , and not one man in a million will detect the theft . " -- John Maynard Keynes ( the father of ' Keynesian Economics ' which our nation now endures ) in his book " THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF THE PEACE " ( 1920 ) .
" Capital must protect itself in every way ... Debts must be collected and loans and mortgages foreclosed as soon as possible .
When through a process of law the common people have lost their homes , they will be more tractable and more easily governed by the strong arm of the law applied by the central power of leading financiers .
People without homes will not quarrel with their leaders .
This is well known among our principal men now engaged in forming an imperialism of capitalism to govern the world .
By dividing the people we can get them to expend their energies in fighting over questions of no importance to us except as teachers of the common herd . " -- Taken from the Civil Servants ' Year Book , " The Organizer " January 1934 .
" The Federal Reserve banks , while not part of the government , ... " -- United States budget for 1991 and 1992 part 7 , page 10
The Money Power !
It is the greatest power on earth ; and it is arrayed against Labour .
No other power that is or ever was can be named with it ... it attacks us through the Press - a monster with a thousand lying tongues , a beast surpassing in foulness any conceived by the mythology that invented dragons , were wolves , harpies , ghouls and vampires .
It thunders against us from innumerable platforms and pulpits .
The mystic machinery of the churches it turns into an engine of wrath for our destruction .
Yes , so far as we are concerned , the headquarters of the Money Power is Britain .
But the Money Power is not a British institution ; it is cosmopolitan .
It is of no nationality , but of all nationalities .
It dominates the world .
The Money Power has corrupted the faculties of the human soul , and tampered with the sanity of the human intellect ...
Editorial from 1907 edition of The Brisbane Worker ( Australia )
... I am convinced that the agreement [ Bretton Woods ] will enthrone a world dictatorship of private finance more complete and terrible than and Hitlerite dream .
It offers no solution of world problems , but quite blatantly sets up controls which will reduce the smaller nations to vassal states and make every government the mouthpiece and tool of International Finance .
It will undermine and destroy the democratic institutions of this country - in fact as effectively as ever the Fascist forces could have done - pervert and paganise our Christian ideals ; and will undoubtedly present a new menace , endangering world peace .
World collaboration of private financial interests can only mean mass unemployment , slavery , misery , degredation and financial destruction .
Therefore , as freedom loving Australians we should reject this infamous proposal .
-- Labor Minister of Australia , Eddie Ward , during the inception of the World Bank and Bretton Woods , he gave this warning .
Ku Klux Klan quote [ edit ]
" white men of the South were aroused by the mere instinct of self - preservation [...] until at last there had sprung into existence a great Ku Klux Klan " , A History of the American People , vol .
5 . , Reunion and Nationalization ( New York : Harper and Brothers , 1902 ) , 58–60 .
Found at White Out : Race and Nationalism in American Studies .
-- tickle me 20:08 , 11 March 2006 ( UTC )
Find a source [ edit ]
Author of this site [ 9 ] says this quote is from a book called " Repeal the Federal Reserve Banks " by Casimir Frank Gierut on p. 31 .
Ca n't seem to find the ISBN .
Source Information Located [ edit ]
A reference to purchasing the book , " Taxpayers ' message to Congress : Repeal the Federal Reserve banks : Pandora 's box of criminal acts ( Unknown Binding ) by Casimir Frank Gierut ( Author ) " from a seller , sallys_garden , at www.amazon.com on March 3 , 2007 does not cite an ISBN .
The book , available for US$ 199.95 plus shipping is described as " Used - Good .... Signed by author .
1987 printing .
Inscription above signature covered over by whiteout .
Moderate cover wear , small tear .
Hinge crease .
Pages clean and unmarked .
Binding tight . "
Additional descriptive information provided describing the book includes -- Unknown Binding : 286 pages ; Publisher : National Committee to Repeal the Federal Reserve Act ( 1983 ) ; Language : English ; and ASIN : B0006EE6EQ . [ 10 ]
ASIN is an acronym for " Amazon Standard Item Number . "
Taxpayers ' Message to Congress : Repeal the Federal Reserve Banks : Pandora 's Box of Criminal Acts
By statement : by Casimir Frank Gierut .
Language : English Pagination : 286 p. : LCCN : 83221371 Dewey : 332.1/1/0973 LC : HG2565 .G54 1983 Subject : Federal Reserve banks . [ 11 ]
References at Google Book [ edit ]
Woodrow Wilson : " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined my country ... "
The American Mercury by George Jean Nathan , Henry Louis Mencken , 1924 , p. 56 [ 12 ]
" President Woodrow Wilson -( After breaking with the engineers of the Fed Act , and near his death ) , " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined my ... "
The Federal Reserve Hoax By Wickliffe B. Vennard , 1959 , p. 27 , full quote [ 13 ]
Richard Cotten 's Conservative Viewpoint by Richard B. Cotten [ 14 ]
" PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON - ( After breaking with Colonel House ) who with Warburg engineered the Fed. act : " I am a most unhappy man ; unwittingly I have ruined ... "
To All My Children As the World Turns By Gyeorgos C. Hatonn , 1993 , p. 152 [ 15 ]
" Even Woodrow Wilson would regret his actions and before his death , stated : " I am a most unhappy man -- unwittingly I have ruined my country . "
After Fascism By Abid Ullah Jan , p. 31 , full quote [ 16 ]
Web of Debt By Ellen Hodgson Brown . p. 127 , partial quote [ 17 ]
" The bill passed on December 22 , 1913 , and President Wilson signed it into law the next day .
Later he regretted what he had done .
He is reported to have said before he died , " I have unwittingly ruined my country . "
Outsourcing Culture By Robert E. Greenwood Jr. Phd , p. 118 , partial quote [ 18 ]
The doors of the nations which are closed against him must be battered down .
[ edit ]
( source found ) " Since trade ignores national boundaries and the manufacturer insists on having the world as a market , the flag of his nation must follow him , and the doors of the nations which are closed against him must be battered down .
Concessions obtained by financiers must be safeguarded by ministers of state , even if the sovereignty of unwilling nations be outraged in the process .
Colonies must be obtained or planted , in order that no useful corner of the world may be overlooked or left unused . " -- Woodrow Wilson
Nunamiut 20:17 , 27 March 2007 ( UTC )
Date ?
Place ?
Columbia University ( 15 April 1907 ) Nunamiut 20:17 , 27 March 2007 ( UTC )
Lecture delivered in 1907 ( cited in William Appleman Williams , The Tragedy of American Diplomacy , p. 72 ) .
John Hay ’s " Open Door Notes " - the proclamation of American Lebensraum in 1899 , and 1900 signified the beginning of the American commercial invasion of the world , the future American imperialist expansionism through the policy of Open Door . ( 27 ) As I have already pointed out Woodrow Willson ’s words " World safe for democracy " translated in reality " World safe for American Lebensraum " .
Wilson saw overseas economic expansion as the frontier to replace the American continent that has been conquered .
In a section of volume V of his " History of the American People " , which reads as a paraphrase of essays written by Brooks Adams , Wilson claimed that United States is destined to command " the economic fortunes of the world " through the " Open Door " expansionism .
" Diplomacy , and if need be , power , must make an open way . "
In a series of lectures at Columbia University in April of 1907 , he was even more forthright :
" Since trade ignores national boundaries and the manufacturer insists on having the world as a marked , the flag of his nation must follow him , and the doors of the nations which are closed must be battered down … Concessions obtained by financiers must be safeguarded by ministers of state , even if the sovereignty of unwilling nations be outraged in the process .
Colonies must be obtained or planted , in order that no useful corner of the world may be overlooked or left unused " ( 28 ) .
http://www.geocities.com/integral_tradition/NATO.html
Nunamiut 20:17 , 27 March 2007 ( UTC )
Wilson on Black Africans [ edit ]
In his five - volume History of the American People , Wilson described the Ku Klux Klan as having been organized by a group of idle young men in Pulaski , Tennessee as a social club for mere association and amusement .
They named it Kuklos , Greek for circle .
Wilson proceeded to write : “ Secrecy and mystery were at the heart of the pranks they planned : secrecy with regard to the membership of their Circle , mystery with regard to the place and objects of its meetings ; and the mystery of disguise and of silent parade when the comrades rode abreast at night when the moon was up : a white mask , a tall cardboard hat , the figures of a man and horse sheeted like a ghost , and the horses feet muffled to move without sound of their approach .
It was the delightful discovery of the thrill of awesome fear , the woeful looking for calamity that swept through the country sides as they moved from pace to place upon their silent visitations , coming no man could say whence , going upon no man knew what errand , that put thought of mischief into the minds of the frolicking comrades .
It threw Negroes into a very ecstasy of panic to see these sheeted ‘ Ku Klux ’ move near them in the shrouded night ; and their comic fear stimulated the lads who excited it to many an extravagant prank and mummery .
No one knew or could discover who the masked players were ; no one could say whether they meant serious business or only innocent mischief ; and the zest of the business lay in keeping the secret close .
Year by year the organization spread until at last there had sprung into existence a great Ku Klux Klan , an “ Invisible Empire of the South , ” bound together in loose organization , to protect the southern country from some of the ugliest hazards of a time of revolution . ”
Another Source [ edit ]
Liberty never came from government .
Liberty has always come from the subjects of it .
The history of liberty is a history of resistance .
The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power , not the increase of it .
When we resist the concentration of power we are resisting the powers of death .
Concentration of power precedes the destruction of human liberties .
That 's the extended quote , in sequece .
It 's from the campaign of 1912 , the Wilson 's address to the New York Press Club on September 9 .
The full speech is in : The Papers of Woodrow Wilson , Volume 25 , edited by Arthur S. Link , Princeton University Press , 1978 .
The quote is on page 124 .
Lot 's of web sites quote parts of this section of his address .
I am sure the quote is out of copyrite since an exact copy dated 1912 and matching the works book is in Wilson 's Presidential Library .
Someone who works on Wikiquote needs to decide how much to include and / or how to separate .
Thanks .
Unsourced [ edit ]
Wikiquote no longer allows unsourced quotations , and they are in process of being removed from our pages ( see Wikiquote : Limits on quotations ) ; but if you can provide a reliable and precise source for any quote on this list please move it to Woodrow Wilson .
-- Antiquary 19:34 , 1 April 2009 ( UTC )
I 've sourced all the quotes that were here , except for the following :
A progressive is just a conservative with an eye to the future .
I can't find any evidence of this one .
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose .
According to Cary T. Grayson 's memoir , Wilson liked to quote this , but it 's not original with him .
One of the proofs of the divinity of our gospel is the preaching it has survived .
I can't find any evidence of this one .
There is no higher religion than human service .
To work for the common good is the greatest creed .
This is a quote from Albert Einstein in Albert Einstein : maker of universes , by Haig Gordon Garbedian , p. 267 .
Often misattributed to Albert Schweitzer .
We grow great by dreams .
All big men are dreamers .
They see things in the soft haze of a spring day or in the red fire of a long winter 's evening .
Some of us let these dreams die , but others nourish and protect them ; nurse them through bad days till they bring them to the sunshine and light which comes always to those who hope that their dreams will come true .
This quote appears in a speech in a fictional story , “ The Citizen ” by James Francis Dwyer , which originally appeared in Collier 's Weekly .
Some of the phrases that the President speaks in the story appear in President Wilson 's Citizens of Foreign Birth speech , but this quote does not .
It 's possible that Wilson delivered a version of the speech that includes this quote , but I think it 's more likely that Dwyer was exercising poetic license .
The phrases do n't seem typical of Wilson 's style .
— KHirsch 19:36 , 3 March 2011 ( UTC )
Sigmund Freud Quote ? [ edit ]
The quote attributed to Sigmund Freud was written in 1966 ?
Freud had been dead for 27 years —
— This unsigned comment is by 68.237.38.146 ( talk • contribs ) .
The book was published in 1967 , but Freud did collaborate on it in the 1930s .
There was controversy about how much of the final book was Freud 's work , but most critics thought that Freud did write the introduction , which is where the quote comes from .
If you have access to JSTOR , these articles discuss the book : 172603 , 3479370 , 4634289 — KHirsch 06:17 , 26 January 2011 ( UTC )
Ahh , nice work , thanks
— This unsigned comment is by 68.237.24.163 ( talk • contribs ) .
Possible " unhappy man " source ? [ edit ]
An editor posted the following text in the quote page .
Since it is in the form of a critique and proposal , it belongs here and not there .
The quote page should summarize a consensus about the origin of quotes , not exchange opinions back and forth .
24.7.14.87 06:52 , 16 September 2018 ( UTC )
Found it .
The first part is from here : Dall , Curtis " FDR : My Exploited Father - in - Law " Christian Crusade Publications .
1967 . 145-146 . Print .
The second and third part of the quote is from The New Freedom : A Call for the Emancipation of the Generous Energies of a People , " published in 1913 .
Page 185 and 201 . " [ 19 ] "
The New Freedom is a distillation of campaign speeches Wilson made while running for President in 1911 .
96.84.247.65 ( talk · contributions )
A group of MPs has signalled their opposition to atheist bus ads which claim , “ There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ”
They are encouraging Christian groups to launch a counter advertising campaign using the slogan , “ But what if there is ? ”
A number of cross-party MPs support two Commons motions attacking the “ religiously offensive and morally unhelpful advertisements ” .
One of the motions regrets the British Humanist Association ’s backing for the campaign and calls on ministers to “ seek to remove ” the adverts .
The atheist ad is appearing on 600 buses in cities across England , Scotland and Wales .
It will appear on an additional 200 bendy buses in London for a month .
Two large LCD screens bearing the atheist message have been placed in Oxford Street .
Quotes from well known atheists have been placed on 1,000 posters on London Underground trains .
The use of the cautious word “ probably ” in the atheist campaign is believed to be due to concerns that a categorical denial of God ’s existence could break advertising rules .
A complaint has been made to the Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) , sparking exaggerated headlines that the ASA will be forced to decide whether God exists .
A lawyer for the court - appointed trustee liquidating Bernard Madoff 's firm confirmed they have located an additional $ 75 million in Madoff assets -- a figure that would put the total above $ 1 billion .
A lawyer for the court - appointed trustee also said Monday that French authorities are moving to seize Mr. Madoff 's residence in France , to satisfy claims by victims in that country .
The residence in Cap d'Antibes , France , was valued at about $ 1 million , according to a statement of Madoff 's assets as of Dec. 31 , 2008 .
Last ...
I may have said that the precious quality at the heart of human rights principles is that they apply equally to everyone .
But when I said " everyone " , I might not have meant it .
Hedge funds for example , which are " legal persons " in the sense that as incorporated companies they have a legal personality , are apparently amongst the growing number of corporate victims of human rights violations .
Last week two hedge funds – RAB Special Situations and SRM Global Master Fund – claimed that the nationalisation of Northern Rock amounted to a violation of their right to " peaceful enjoyment of possessions " set out in the first protocol to the European convention on human rights .
Meanwhile , BAA is reported to be considering a claim against the competition commission on the basis that its decision to break up the airport company was a violation of its rights under the convention .
There seems something deeply counter - intuitive about this incarnation of human rights claims , rooted not in protecting such sacred freedoms as the right to life or a private and family life , but mitigating loss of profit .
And these are not renegade companies making highly creative use of human rights law .
Research by legal publisher Sweet & Maxwell this week shows that the use of human rights arguments in commercial disputes is actually on the increase , with 6 % of human rights cases in 2007 being disputes against HMRC concerning tax , and a further 3 % being brought by businesses in other types of dispute .
The fact that businesses can invoke human rights arguments is not in itself groundbreaking .
It goes back to the beginnings of domestic human rights litigation , with Wilson v First County Trust – one of the earliest landmark judgments under the Human Rights Act .
The " victim " in Wilson was a pawnbroker that had given a customer a £ 5,000 loan in return for her car , and claimed a violation of its rights when a technicality with the contract meant she could n't be made to repay it .
But lawyers are predicting that the credit crunch will bring a whole new wave of these unlikely " victims " as companies become increasingly creative – or desperate , depending on which way you look at it – to recoup their losses .
Some of these claims may be perfectly valid .
The pawnbroker in Wilson complained about the lack of provisions under the consumer credit law to provide for a fair hearing – an issue that has broader implications for other areas of law .
But hedge funds ?
Maybe when they said the Human Rights
Act was capable of being a " villain 's charter " , they were n't so wrong after all .
OK , let 's cut the crap here , NASA : After today 's near - evacuation , it 's clear that you need weapons on the International Space Station .
And do n't forget to put web controls so we all can play .
Advertisement
Seriously now :
This is seriously fraked up .
The ISS is almost as big as a Corellian corvette and it's up there defenseless , floating peacefully , sitting like a dinosaur - sized duck , waiting for one of the 18,000 pieces of tracked space debris to crack it open and take it down in a fiery ball of junk .
Advertisement
Sure , they have a escape spaceship for astronauts .
In case things go bad — like they almost did today — they can jump in there and fly away before the worst happens .
However , after all the money and effort put in the only human post in space , do we want to send everything to hell for a piece of orbiting crap ?
Would n't it be better to install defense mechanisms against space debris — or , ah , hmmm , alien ships ! — to preserve the ISS ?
Technically , there are already weapon systems that may be altered to perform this task , but this is not an easy task .
We know it is not as easy as firing a laser and taking down the incoming chunk of metal with a Star Wars explosion .
Advertisement
There 's a lot of things to be taken into account .
First , you will need to detect the threat and fire from a very long distance , so the resulting effect does n't cause any harm to the ISS itself .
Then , the method to take down the object will change depending on its nature .
Is it a big satellite or just a big chunk of metal from a previous collision ?
Does the incoming object have explosive elements inside ?
If the object is too big and can't be obliterated in a single shot , perhaps it would be better to have some kind of rocket that may approach the object and change its orbit by exploding near it ?
Perhaps some kind of emergency tug that can attach to the object and take it down ?
Advertisement
We do n't know .
Whatever NASA and its international partner can come up with , they need to do it as soon as possible .
Things are getting complicated up there , and this does n't conflict with the international protocols against the militarization of space — which , in any case , are being constantly violated by the US , Russia , and China .
Click to view
This will be a defense mechanism against space threats , and that 's exactly what the ISS needs .
It is just too valuable to be left there with no protection .
NASA , it 's time to get some pew pew action going on up there .
Maybe the bolt from the blue of the Chrome launch did n’t brought an awful market share figure to the newcomer , but the convulsions and the undoubted evolutive acceleration set off by the release of the made - in - Google browser are reverberating with increasing strength on the new war to control the access port to the worldwide network .
Currently numbers are still on Mozilla ’s and its red panda side , but in future things will become more complicated when Google will have played one of its best cards to turn Chrome from an oddity for few into a conquering force for the mainstream market .
Google ’s plan
The most noticeable news that closed 2008 for the browsers market was in fact the confirmation of Google ’s will to sign deals with the largest PC OEM manufacturers , to install Chrome as the predefined browser for websurfing .
Doing so Mountain View would behave exactly like Microsoft did at the times of Windows 95 , which by permanently integrating Internet Explorer within the operating system succeeded in ousting Netscape thus monopolizing the market .
The browsers landscape of 2008 is largely different , however , and the Google move could be read as an initiative benefiting competition and the opportunity to choose for consumers .
When it comes to networking the Mountain View brand exposure is n’t secondary to the Redmond one , and even if nothing is written it ’s easy to foresee that the continuous loss of users of IE would get a noticeable acceleration if facts followed indiscretions and the Google - browser ended up on Dell , HP or whatever branded PCs .
After having spent the first months in a seeming confusional state , in which the early aggressiveness of Chrome ’s conquest plan was dissolved in poor practical results and no sign of the will to start direct lunges toward competitors , Google made clear to anyone that they will be damned serious and consider Chrome as a fundamental tool for the company ’s future .
The project was even “ promoted ” outside of beta state , an absolutely unusual thing for a company that tends to classify many of its appliances as a permanent work - in - progress , due to the many updates that followed the initial release , the improved stability and the superior performances .
Image source : oneComics
Google is pushing for the adoption of its browser as much as it is possible , starting for example to replace Firefox with Chrome as the default choice in the Google Pack bundle .
Software development is going on at sustained rates and Chrome continues to bring innovative features like the Native Client technology , an interpreter designed to let x86 machine code run directly in the browser so “ to give web developers access to the full power of the client ’s CPU while maintaining the browser neutrality , OS portability and safety that people expect from web applications “ .
Then Google continues to boast for the superior performances of its browser and the V8 JavaScript engine , stating that the last code revision is 25 % faster that the previous version in the V8 benchmark and 35 % more performing in the SunSpider tests .
Google says that now Chrome is twice as fast as it was with the first beta released in September .
Teardrops on Microsoft
Internet Explorer , meanwhile , does nothing than losing ground on the direct competitor that is Mozilla Firefox , which according to the StatsCounter ’s esteems at the beginning of March resulted to be the first non-Microsoft browser to have overtaken the IE 6 market share , rising beyond 24 % while this last one stepped down below 23 % .
Firefox 3 is the second most popular browser after IE 7 , the gap between the two decreases at first sight and the fact considerably benefits
Google too thanks to the deal with Mozilla on the default search engine in the red panda .
Besides the merciless competition from Firefox , in this period Microsoft must deal primarily with the European Union antitrust regulations : involved by a claim from Opera for anti-competitive conduct , Redmond tries to avoid the nth enormous fine by radically modifying the integration of IE with the Windows OS an
d contemplating , starting from the next Windows 7 , the ability to easily uninstall the browser from the system .
If it was due to its own will , surely the corporation would n’t have thought about offering so much freedom of action to Wintel platform users , considering that as previously said the full melting of IE in Windows is the main reason for the browser predominance on competing products .
Obliged to yield on the IE uninstallation , threatened by possible deals between Google and the OEM manufacturers Microsoft can only try to innovate with the new version of Internet Explorer .
Release 8 of IE is a shock for compatibility with websites big and small , it tends to crash with ease but has been built from a completely revamped engine and , as Microsoft says , much more compliant to web standards than it was in the past .
Maybe even too much , considering that it has been necessary to contemplate the availability of a rendering layer based on IE 7 to not to make the product unusable and to implement a “ blacklist ” of incompatible websites to automatically display with the aforementioned secondary layer .
If from the interface point of view IE 8 goes in the diametrically opposite direction to the austere simplicity of Chrome , behind the scenes the Microsoft browser embraces the same technological approach by creating a new system process for any opened tab , by implementing protections against phishing and XSS attacks and more generally by trying to guarantee a more robust browsing experience .
Microsoft states to have developed the fastest browser , but in third party JavaScript tests IE 8 continues to be outclassed by Chrome and Firefox .
The present and the future of Mozilla
Whatever is the real value of the new Explorer , anyway , its distribution does n’t seem to have caused particularly important effects on the growth of Firefox user base : in its launch day IE 8 gained 1.39 % of market share , taking users mostly from who was still using IE 7 .
It was an “ underwhelmed ” launch , as Aodhan Cullen of StatsCounter describes it , something far away from what happened during the release of the final version of Firefox 3 , gone in three days from 7.8 % to 18.9 % and outclassing IE 6 in this month .
Up to now IE 8 has n’t changed practically anything in the long - lasting trends of the browsers market , and very likely the next version of the red panda will keep up with the series of successes achieved by Mozilla in these years thanks to the already reported TraceMonkey JS engine , capable of rivaling on an equal footing with Google ’s V8 , and thanks to some novel features like multiple JS threads , support to HTML 5 specifications < video > tag , support to Ogg Vorbis ( audio ) and Theora ( video ) open source formats and substantial improvements designed for web developers .
The improvements of the new Firefox are such that Mozilla decided to change version numbering , going straight from 3.0 to 3.5 rather than to 3.1 as initially expected .
The immediate future of the red panda appears excellent , less certain are the pathways the foundation will decide to take to get rid of the cumbersome economic partnership with Google , which is currently worth 88 % of its annual revenues ( were 75 millions of dollars in 2007 ) .
Mitchell Baker , former CEO and now chairwoman of Mozilla , recently highlighted some of the possible alternatives to Google financing including the replacement of browser ’s default search engine , monetization of add - ons and plug-ins and Fennec , the newborn mobile browser ( a close relative of Firefox ) arrived in the past days to beta 1 stage .
“ There have been more opportunities for money than people think ” Baker said to BusinessWeek , and in a case an unnamed company “ offered a blank check ” to replace Google search engine .
Analysts agree to affirm that partnership between Mountain View and Mozilla serve more to the latter than to the first , and even if Baker professes optimistic on the collaboration renewal after 2011 ( when the current deal expires ) there are many signs , small but clear , of a marriage going into pieces .
Google , by now , considers Firefox as a secondary choice in respect of “ its ” Chrome , and the Russian version of Mozilla browser will replace Google with Yandex , the largest search engine of the Russian Internet .
Love is gone in the relationship between Google and Mozilla , who pays the bills has a new , younger lover and the touchy wife is searching for a new well off deal to start a new life with .
Similar posts :
ZURICH , Feb 21 ( Reuters ) -
The right - wing Swiss People ’s Party ( SVP ) called on Saturday for retaliation against the United States over a U.S. tax probe into the country ’s biggest bank UBS that threatens prized banking secrecy .
The populist SVP , the country ’s biggest party , said Switzerland should not take in any detainees from the U.S. prison for terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , which the Swiss government said last month it could consider to help shut the camp down .
Switzerland should also reconsider its policy of representing the United States in countries where it has no diplomatic presence , the parliamentary SVP said in a statement .
The SVP said gold stored by the Swiss National Bank in the United States should be repatriated and Switzerland should ban the sale of U.S. funds in the country to protect Swiss investors after the failure of U.S. regulators .
The SVP has one minister in the seven - member Swiss government which is made up of the biggest four parties , but its populist policies have shaken up usually consensual Swiss politics .
The comments came after UBS agreed on Wednesday to pay a fine of $ 780 million and to disclose about 250 names of U.S. clients it said had committed tax fraud to settle U.S. criminal charges that it had helped rich Americans dodge taxes .
U.S. tax authorities said on Thursday they were still pursuing a civil case against UBS seeking access to thousands more names of U.S. citizens it says are hiding about $ 14.8 billion in assets in secret Swiss bank accounts .
[ ID :nN19534438 ]
The SVP also said it would call for an urgent debate in parliament on ways to protect Swiss banking secrecy from “ further foreign blackmail ” .
( Reporting by Emma Thomasson )
Uno degli aspetti meno evidenti nelle continue notizie di crisi e licenziamenti di questi giorni è che oltre al lavoro spesso si perde anche la casa .
Anche se più dell ’80 % degli italiani sono proprietari di alloggio c’è un numero di famiglie , soprattutto di nuove famiglie , che hanno un appartamento solo in affitto .
Il valore di questo affitto , che è aumentato notevolmente insieme al forte rincaro degli appartamenti degli ultimi anni e in generale degli appartamenti in affitto in Italia , è sostenibile solo se si ha un lavoro .
Perdendo il lavoro sostenere l’affitto diventa impossibile a volte anche con l’assegno di cassa integrazione .
A questo punto l’unica possibilità è tornare dai genitori o , se non ci sono , andare provvisoriamente da amici prima di , irrimediabilmente , non avere un posto dove stare .
GUERRA FRA POVERI – Negli ultimi tempi questo fenomeno ha dato vita , in molte zone di Italia ed in particolare al Sud , ad un vero e proprio assalto pirata a quelle case popolari che , per un motivo o l’altro , non sono abitate stabilmente dai loro affidatari .
A volte basta una vacanza , una convalescenza in ospedale protratta a lungo , la visita ad un figlio lontano , per ritrovarsi senza effetti personali , senza mobili , senza casa .
La procedura è questa : uno dei procacciatori osserva , tra i suoi vicini delle case popolari , le possibili vittime .
Quando queste si assentano parte il lavoro dei fabbri : anche la migliore delle porte blindate non può sopportare il lavoro di seghe e piedi di porco .
Certo si fa rumore ma ognuno si fa i fatti propri , per omertà mafiosa o per omertà e basta .
Una volta aperta la porta comincia il lavoro di pulitura : non solo i valori vengono fatti fuori ma ogni traccia del precedente proprietario , foto , quadri ed effetti personali trovano la via della spazzatura .
Il passo successivo è che la persona che deve occupare l’appartamento ( non necessariamente la stessa che ha aperto e ha fatto il furto ) va ad autodenunciarsi per occupazione abusiva in una casa che ha ritrovato vuota .
In questo modo ribadisce la sua presenza , confessa il meno grave dei crimini ( l’occupazione e non il furto ) e , a quanto pare , usa questa dichiarazione per riallacciare le utenze .
NESSUNO PUO ’ NULLA – Le forze dell ’ordine , a quel punto , se chiamate dal legittimo proprietario ( magari giorni dopo ) troveranno il nuovo occupante con tutta la sua roba senza alcuna traccia del passato del precedente .
E non potranno far altro che denunciarlo lasciandolo lì .
L’ordinanza di sgombero , se mai arriverà insieme magari a centinaia di altre , provocherà quei drammi collettivi che tante volte si vedono in tivù quando la polizia cerca di sfrattare famiglie ( con tanti bambini , tutti quelli che ci sono in zona ) che mostrano la loro miseria e minacciano azioni di estrema disperazione .
Le persone restano lì , con denuncie e magari condanne che diventeranno eseguibili solo dopo diversi anni .
Si creano così a volte palazzi di abusivi , di gente che non pagando il fitto vive in case abbandonate e fatiscenti , in condizioni igieniche da terzo mondo a due passi da quartieri di lusso ( a Roma ad esempio ce ne sono a Valcannuta a 200 metri dall ’ abitazione del presidente della Camera Fini ) .
MEGLIO COS ì CHE SOTTO UN PONTE – Chi ha provato l’esperienza di un furto in casa sa cosa significa non ritrovare oro , danaro , effetti di valore .
Ma chi subisce un esproprio di questo tipo perde le foto e i ricordi di una vita , i vestiti come i libri , tutto quello che aveva di valore come quelle cose inutili che non vanno nemmeno ad ingrossare il mercato dei ricettatori ma solo le discariche .
Trova la porta chiusa , un ’altra serratura e bussando , persone che giurano di aver trovato la casa vuota , quella stessa casa che ora accoglie nuovi mobili e foto ai muri .
Queste persone che vanno ad occupare le case sanno che la legge non gli può nulla , perché nulla hanno da perdere : se mai si arriverà alla fine di una di queste cause ( scansando condoni e prescrizioni ) dormire in cella sarà comunque meglio che sotto un ponte e delinquere è , in ogni modo , l’unica possibilità per garantire un tetto ai propri figli .
Così , a dispetto della tolleranza zero , grazie alla mancata difesa del territorio ( per cui chiunque può scassinare una porta blindata senza essere scoperto ) grazie alla lentezza della giustizia e l’incapacità di applicarne le condanne , il fenomeno delle occupazioni abusive si allarga .
Fenomeno che , riguardando solo ed esclusivamente delinquenti italiani , per giunta con famiglia , non trova spazio nella cronaca ma che , con l’acuirsi della crisi , si trasformerà sempre più in una feroce guerra tra poveri .
( CNN ) --
On Monday , Congressional Republican leaders put out a list of what they call wasteful provisions in the Senate version of the nearly $ 900 billion stimulus bill that is being debated :
The Senate is currently debating the nearly $ 900 billion economic stimulus bill .
• $ 2 billion earmark to re-start FutureGen , a near - zero emissions coal power plant in Illinois that the Department of Energy defunded last year because it said the project was inefficient .
• A $ 246 million tax break for Hollywood movie producers to buy motion picture film .
• $ 650 million for the digital television converter box coupon program .
• $ 88 million for the Coast Guard to design a new polar icebreaker ( arctic ship ) .
• $ 448 million for constructing the Department of Homeland Security headquarters .
• $ 248 million for furniture at the new Homeland Security headquarters .
• $ 600 million to buy hybrid vehicles for federal employees .
• $ 400 million for the Centers for Disease Control to screen and prevent STD's .
• $ 1.4 billion for rural waste disposal programs .
Do n't Miss GOP senators draft stimulus alternative
• $ 125 million for the Washington sewer system .
• $ 150 million for Smithsonian museum facilities .
• $ 1 billion for the 2010 Census , which has a projected cost overrun of $ 3 billion .
• $ 75 million for " smoking cessation activities . "
• $ 200 million for public computer centers at community colleges .
• $ 75 million for salaries of employees at the FBI .
• $ 25 million for tribal alcohol and substance abuse reduction .
• $ 500 million for flood reduction projects on the Mississippi River .
• $ 10 million to inspect canals in urban areas .
• $ 6 billion to turn federal buildings into " green " buildings .
• $ 500 million for state and local fire stations .
• $ 650 million for wildland fire management on forest service lands .
• $ 1.2 billion for " youth activities , " including youth summer job programs .
• $ 88 million for renovating the headquarters of the Public Health Service .
• $ 412 million for CDC buildings and property .
• $ 500 million for building and repairing National Institutes of Health facilities in Bethesda , Maryland .
• $ 160 million for " paid volunteers " at the Corporation for National and Community Service .
• $ 5.5 million for " energy efficiency initiatives " at the Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration .
• $ 850 million for Amtrak .
• $ 100 million for reducing the hazard of lead - based paint .
• $ 75 million to construct a " security training " facility for State Department Security officers when they can be trained at existing facilities of other agencies .
• $ 110 million to the Farm Service Agency to upgrade computer systems .
• $ 200 million in funding for the lease of alternative energy vehicles for use on military installations .
CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • National Economy • Mitch McConnell
For years now , whenever I ’ve been invited to lecture students on how our tax system works , I have asked a simple question :
What is the purpose of the United States of America ?
The most common answer , be it at prestigious universities , elite prep schools , rural community colleges , or crowded urban high schools , is this :
To make people rich .
This should come as no great surprise .
For anyone born after , say , 1970 , the world has been shaped by Ronald Reagan ’s remaking of government ’s relationship with private interests — a vision of lower taxes , less regulation , and maximum economic leeway for those at the top .
In this view , the pursuit of wealth is the warp and weft of America ; everything else will follow .
By contrast , the preamble to the Constitution tells us the nation ’s reason for being in 52 words that can be reduced to six principles : society , justice , peace , security , commonwealth , and freedom .
Individual riches do n’t make the list .
They are a product of American society , not its guiding purpose .
Progress , then , must begin with a return to the best of the values that created this Second American Republic — one born , it ’s worth remembering , from the failure of the Articles of Confederation , whose principles ( weak government , unfettered capitalism ) found their resurrection in the economic policies of the past three decades .
Even judged by its own yardstick , the trickle - down approach has failed to deliver : Rather than getting richer , we have been slowly impoverishing ourselves .
While incomes at the very top have soared to levels beyond imagining even a generation ago , the average inflation - adjusted income of the bottom 90 percent of earners was lower in 2006 than it was back in 1973 .
And since 2000 , the median income of all Americans has actually slipped , proof that tax cuts for the rich do not create general prosperity .
Today , more and more of us do not have enough money to live on without going into debt .
For each dollar of equity people gained in their homes from 1980 to 2006 , they borrowed two — and while a portion of that is accounted for by poor decision making , much has to do with the sheer impossibility of making ends meet .
Debt payments — individual and governmental — now consume so much income that they are suffocating economic growth .
Interest on the federal government ’s debt this year will eat up the equivalent of all the income taxes we pay from January until at least sometime in May .
( Already , the financial system bailout has added more than $ 3 trillion to the national debt — see “ $ 3.4 Trillion & Counting “ — for an extra $ 170 billion in annual interest payments . )
This keeps us from making productive use of our tax dollars — launching universal health care , rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure , or funding the research we need to transform our energy system .
We ’ve been sold on tax cuts as the best way to spur growth , but what we really got was weak job growth , a sinking economy , and a slew of tax deferrals that cause increasing revenue shortfalls and force the government to borrow even more — with all of us paying the interest .
For the past 14 years , on my former beat as the tax reporter for the New York Times , and now as a columnist for the trade journal Tax Notes , I have been documenting the myriad ways in which our economy has been recalibrated to take from the poor , the middle class , and even the affluent and give to large corporations and the very richest of the rich .
I discovered , for example , that in 2000 , people making between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 paid the same share of their income to the federal government as those making more than $ 87 million , and that those making between $ 100,000 and $ 200,000 were taxed more heavily than those making $ 10 million — a state of affairs the Bush administration called “ progressive ” when I first reported it in 2005 .
Thanks to Reaganite economic policies , we have encouraged once - competitive industries such as oil , car manufacturing , accounting , and news media to congeal into unchecked ( and now struggling ) oligopolies .
We have slashed the ranks of white - collar cops — the auditors and investigators whose beats are taxes , securities , food and drugs , pollution , etc. — and hamstrung those who are left .
And we have transformed the idea that bankers would self - regulate from a crackpot notion into the essence of government policy , with results as predictable as if we removed all traffic lights and stop signs on the theory that most drivers are responsible .
Over and over for the past decade , our leaders argued that the fundamentals holding up our economy were strong .
Now we know that this floor of shiny statistics merely concealed the rot below .
But there is an upside to this realization :
The economic crisis can help us clear away the rot and build a more solid foundation — one that elevates people over capital , kick - starts commerce , and removes some of the costliest barriers to individual success and national progress .
Change will not be easy , and the cost of cleaning up the current mess will be a huge drag on the economy in the near term .
But we are , at last , at a turning point ; we have a chance to end the socialism for the rich that put us into this hole .
How ?
By , in effect , reverse engineering the debacle .
Rewriting tax laws and financial regulations has been the principal vehicle for turning government into a subsidy system for the deep - pocketed and well motivated .
It can work in reverse as well .
President - elect Obama has offered some interesting ideas to make the tax code more fair — but by and large , his proposals amount to tinkering around the edges , not the kind of serious restructuring previous presidents , most notably Reagan , undertook .
Here ’s another way to go .
We can start by eliminating some of the most spectacular tax giveaways and move on to doable , efficient steps toward shoring up our biggest asset — not stocks , bonds , or houses , but people .
Best of all , much of this wo n’t cost a penny ; in fact , it will raise billions for the big tasks ahead .
Stop the Giveaways
• • • • • • • • •
Quit Cooking the Books
By law , companies must keep two sets of books , one for shareholders , the other for the IRS .
As a result , many corporations routinely tell investors they incur millions in corporate income taxes , while the financial records they give the IRS show they owe nothing or are due refunds .
They do this by using tax shelters , offsetting income with losses from years ago , and employing countless other devices that make them look like paupers to the IRS but money machines to investors .
It ’s time to require companies to use the same accounting rules across the board — and then demand immediate payment of unpaid taxes .
This would align the interests of investors with those of taxpayers while eliminating the obvious moral hazard of keeping two sets of books .
Executives are sure to complain that such a retroactive change is unfair .
But recall that in 2006 , when Congress voted to raise taxes on the interest from teenagers ’ college funds , Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said it is proper to end abusive practices retroactively .
Perhaps now ’s the time to prove it ; the treasury could use a few hundred billion dollars .
Make the Superrich Pay Their Share
Back in 1990 , people making more than $ 1 million in today ’s dollars earned less than 0.8 percent of all the wages paid in America .
Last year these multimillionaires sucked up more than 5 percent , squeezing everyone else .
Also during this period , the number of people getting million - dollar - plus salaries grew 12 times faster than the number of workers overall , tax data show — this in an economy where , in 2007 , one in three workers earned less than $ 15,000 , more than three - fourths made less than $ 50,000 , and 99 percent earned less than $ 200,000 .
We may never get back to the pre-Reagan tax rate for the top earners ( 70 percent ) , but we should at least nudge it back to the Clinton - era rate of 39.6 percent , as Obama has proposed , and for simplicity ’s sake round to 40 percent .
To motivate executives , publicly traded companies could still be allowed to give out unlimited stock bonuses , provided that the execs pay taxes on the shares , cannot sell them for three years after leaving a company , and then must spread sales over at least five years .
This would create a powerful incentive to manage companies for long - term success , which is good for jobs — and a smart CEO could still get fabulously rich .
End Legal Tax Cheating
The marginal tax rate for cops and teachers is more than 40 percent — 25 percent for income taxes and another 15 percent for Social Security and Medicare taxes .
The marginal rate for some hedge fund managers , five of whom earned more than $ 1 billion in 2007 , has been zero .
That ’s because many of these speculators have been able to avoid taxes by operating through offshore partnerships under rules that let them defer income taxes .
Executives , entertainers , and athletes also have been able to amass vast untaxed fortunes :
For example , Roberto C. Goizueta , the CEO of Coca - Cola in the ’80s and ’90s , built a nest egg of more than $ 1 billion , but was able to defer taxes on most of it until he died .
Tax deferrals are one of the major tools for redistributing wealth upward .
While most of us must pay each time we get a paycheck , executives and corporations can defer their taxes for years , even decades .
When the treasury finally gets the money , inflation has eroded its value ; in the meantime , government must borrow more , pay more interest , and collect more from everyone else .
A provision in the Wall Street bailout bill addressed the hedge fund part of the problem , but a more comprehensive fix would involve stopping all deferrals beyond the modest amounts allowed for retirement savings ( up to $ 16,500 a year for young workers , a little more for those over 50 ) .
Executives could still defer taking some of their compensation — a way of loaning money to their companies — but only after they pay taxes .
Everyone would play by the same rules , and the federal government could gain $ 100 billion or more each year — enough to fund Obama ’s health care plan twice over .
Invade the Caymans
In 1983 just 10 percent of America ’s corporate profits were funneled through places that charge little or no corporate income tax ; today more than 25 percent of profits go through tax havens .
The Obama administration could tell the Caymans — now fifth in the world in bank deposits — to repeal its bank secrecy laws or be invaded ; since the island nation ’s total armed forces consists of about 300 police officers , it should n’t be hard for technicians and auditors , accompanied by a few Marines , to fly in and seize all the records .
Bermuda , which relies on the Royal Navy for its military , could be next , and so on .
Long before we get to Switzerland and Luxembourg , their governments should have gotten the message .
Barring gunboat diplomacy ( tempting as it is ) , there is no reason we cannot pass laws to block financial transactions with tax havens or even , Cuba - style , make it a crime for Americans to visit or do business with them without special permission .
Congress could declare the hiding of funds a threat to national security and require that anyone with offshore assets disclose them to the irs within 30 days and pay taxes , interest , and penalties within 180 days .
For the holdouts , temporary special teams in the irs and Justice Department could speedily pursue civil or criminal charges .
Wean Wal - Mart ( and the Yankees )
Did you know that the sales taxes you pay at most Wal - Marts go not to your state or local government , but instead pay back the cost of building the store ?
Sales - tax givebacks , as well as exemptions from property taxes , can amount to an extra 9 percent profit for retailers that extract concessions from local governments .
That means not only a huge advantage for new arrivals over established , often locally owned , businesses , but also a direct hit to resources for local police , schools , and parks .
The chain stores claim they are creating jobs .
But basic economic logic says retail can add net jobs only when a population grows or incomes rise , and when those things are happening , market forces should be enough to spur new stores .
In a similar vein , the big four commercial sports make operating profits of $ 1.6 billion , Forbes has calculated — but their taxpayer subsidies exceed $ 2 billion a year ( and that ’s before the estimated $ 864 million Mayor Bloomberg and Uncle Sam just handed to the New York Yankees ) , according to Neil deMause , coauthor of a book on sports subsidies .
In other words , taxpayers literally provide all the profits of MLB , the NFL , NBA , and NHL combined .
So it is that developer Theodore Lerner and his partners purchased the Washington Nationals baseball team in 2006 for $ 450 million , but stand to collect more than $ 1 billion in subsidies over the next two decades .
In effect , the public bought them the team and gave them a $ 600 million tip .
Using the tax code to eliminate any value in stadium subsidies would take care of this problem quickly and efficiently .
Cut Off the Utility Scam
Because they are regulated monopolies , our electric , natural gas , and water utilities must collect every part of their operating costs — including their income taxes — in the price they charge customers .
Except that sometimes you pay for checks they never write : Oregon ’s Portland General Electric collected nearly $ 900 million from 1997 to 2006 for federal and state taxes , but actually paid less than $ 1 million .
Xcel Energy , which runs electric utilities in eight states , collected at least $ 723 million for taxes it will never pay .
When utilities charge you for taxes they do n’t turn over to the government , customers pony up twice : once to pad the companies ’ pockets , the second time in higher taxes or government borrowing to make up for the shortfalls .
Some states , such as Oregon , have moved to require that utilities hand over the taxes they collect , a push that companies ( including Warren Buffett ’s PacifiCorp electric utilities ) have been fighting hard .
The federal tax code could easily be adjusted to make sure taxes embedded in utility rates are either paid or refunded to ratepayers .
Ground the Private Jet Exemption
Since 1985 , executives have been able to take nearly free personal trips on company jets ; all they pay is income tax on the value of the travel .
Under federal rules , this travel is valued so low that flying a Boeing 737 equipped with a shower and master bedroom from New York to Paris costs an exec less than $ 500 as long as the company claims it is unsafe for him to fly commercial .
( Try getting a middle seat in coach for that . )
On top of that , companies get to deduct the full cost from their taxes .
So if that Paris flight costs $ 100,000 , government loses out on about $ 35,000 in taxes , and shareholders shoulder the remaining $ 65,000 in the form of reduced profits .
Congress should make executives using corporate aircraft for personal trips pay taxes on the actual cost of the travel .
( And while they ’re at it , lawmakers should also look at rules that give corporate jets an unfair break on air - traffic - control fees . )
This will not only improve the bottom line for companies by removing a subsidy for their top employees , but help commercial airlines bring in more high - fare customers .
As a side benefit , it will trim some of the corporate flights that clog an already congested air - traffic - control system — saving the rest of us some time sitting on the tarmac .
Demolish the Mansion Deduction
Much as middle - class homeowners cherish it , the mortgage deduction functions mostly as another upside - down subsidy :
Less than half of homeowners can use it , and for each dollar saved by those making between $ 30,000 and $ 40,000 , those making $ 1 million or more save $ 380 .
( Canada , by the way , does not allow mortgage interest to be deducted at all , yet its home ownership rate matches ours . )
If the goal is to help people get into their own four walls , a tax credit for principal paid by home buyers in the first few years of ownership would do far more .
For a home worth $ 100,000 , for example , such a credit could reduce income taxes by $ 2,000 a year for the first two years and $ 1,000 annually for the next three , saving the buyer $ 7,000 .
Begin the Healing
• • • • • • • • •
Defang the Loan Sharks
For hundreds of years , enlightened governments have regulated interest rates to rein in loan sharks .
Now Diff ’rent Strokes ’ Gary Coleman pitches loans at 99.25 percent interest .
Some tax “ refund anticipation loans ” cost the equivalent of 700 percent annual interest .
How did this happen ?
Back in 1978 the Supreme Court , confronted with a discrepancy between federal and state laws , threw out federal interest regulations and called on Congress to pass new ones .
Instead , lawmakers milked the ruling for hundreds of millions of dollars in campaign contributions from credit companies eager to charge any rate they wanted .
Thanks to interest deregulation , blue chip investment houses like Lehman Brothers got into the business of subprime mortgages while Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , Bank of America , and Wells Fargo bought or financed payday lenders that prey on the poor .
In the three decades since interest - rate deregulation , credit card and other revolving debt has risen from $ 128 billion to $ 968 billion ( adjusted for inflation ) , a 7.5 - fold increase .
Interest on this debt , at an average rate of about 18 percent , acts like a tax , leaving people with less to spend on the necessities of life .
But the industry was n’t satisfied with this credit boom , and so , in 2005 , it prevailed on Congress ( with a special assist from then - Senator Joe Biden ) to pass a bankruptcy law making it much harder to restructure debt , no matter how predatory , even in case of job loss or illness .
And in a little - publicized move , the Bush administration , over the protests of all 50 state attorneys general , also invoked an obscure clause in the 126 - year - old National Bank
Act to effectively invalidate state predatory lending laws .
Repealing these anti-consumer provisions would cost the government nothing , but provide a real benefit for the economy in curbing banks ’ irresponsible practices , just as consumers are expected to do with theirs .
Save Our Savings
Compared with any other developed economy , Americans save far too little .
In 2006 , 55 percent of tax returns showed zero interest income from savings accounts .
If we were to eliminate taxes on the first $ 500 of interest earned , people could set aside almost $ 17,000 with tax - free interest ( assuming 3 percent interest ) to cushion the shock of a layoff , accident , or illness .
Congress could even match savings for low - income people dollar for dollar up to $ 500 per year , with the government share locked up for 10 years .
Protect Pensions
A pension is simply wages deferred to old age , which is why federal law requires that corporate pension plans be run “ exclusively ” for the benefit of the members .
But in the past two decades Congress has turned that promise into a cruel joke ; thanks to a little - known provision inserted by lobbyists in 2006 , for example , workers could conceivably lose up to 85 percent of their pension when a new buyer takes over a company , as my one - time coworkers at the Philadelphia Inquirer recently discovered .
The core problem is that Congress lets companies postpone setting aside pension funds year after year .
It also allows them to record as investment gains what they expect to earn in the market — even when they make less or actually lose money .
Three years ago these phantom pension gains at General Motors accounted for the carmaker ’s entire net worth , a telling example of how accounting rules can create economic mirages .
Employee stock ownership plans , devised as a way to help workers build wealth , have also been turned into credit lines for speculators .
Government rules allowed buyers of companies to use ESOP money as part of their financing , putting workers ’ shares at risk .
United Airlines employees lost most of their shares ’ value in the company ’s 2002 bankruptcy — while CEO Glenn Tilton got a $ 40 million compensation package .
Employees of the media conglomerate Tribune Co. may see their ESOP go bust , too , but CEO Sam Zell ’s stake is not at risk — because he made sure his equity is guaranteed even if Tribune collapses .
Congress should restore protections so that workers get 100 percent of what they were promised , even if taxpayers have to make up the shortfall .
It could also hold hearings to shame executives who got rich by shortchanging retirement plans , and make it easier to seize the bonuses of those who looted pensions .
End the Burglar - Alarm Subsidy
Each time police respond to a burglar alarm , it costs taxpayers $ 50 or more , for a total of $ 1.8 billion in 2002 .
More than $ 800 million of this hidden subsidy goes to ADT Security , a subsidiary of Tyco , which was at the center of the Wall Street scandals eight years ago ; in the ’90s , Tyco started buying so many mom-and - pop alarm companies that it now controls nearly half of the market .
Government data show that at least 94 percent of alarms are false , and a 2000 study in Seattle found that officers responding to alarms make one - ninth as many arrests as those just driving around in patrol cars .
In Los Angeles and elsewhere , the rise of gangs in the 1980s tracked a sharp decline in funding for parks and programs for young people .
Ending the burglar - alarm subsidy and shifting the spending to youth programs would reduce crime ( saving even more money ) and help more kids grow up to become taxpayers instead of tax eaters .
Washington could threaten to cut federal funding for any city that fails to charge the alarm companies the full cost of each response , thus encouraging companies to build more reliable systems .
Stop Indenturing Students
Over the past 40 years , the cost of public colleges has doubled , and financing tuition is an $ 85 billion a year business for credit companies .
Sallie Mae , the biggest of the private student loan companies , earns an average 48 percent annual return , three times the return of commercial banks .
Students who sign up for loans with what appear to be low fixed rates may discover upon graduating that they face an 18 percent rate ; if they make a single late payment , late fees will be tacked on every month until the debt is paid off .
And the law makes no allowance for students who ca n’t find a job in a bad economy , or ca n’t work because of illness , or choose to serve their communities by , say , joining Teach for America .
Albert Lord , Sallie Mae ’s chief executive , has become so rich from student lending that he built his own private golf course just outside the nation ’s capital .
Profiteering off students is not just an obscenity ; it ultimately weakens the economy .
The abuses at Sallie Mae and other student lenders deserve exposure via congressional hearings .
Then perhaps lawmakers will find the spine to make the rules fairer .
Indenturing the brightest young minds in an information society is the equivalent of eating your seed corn in an agrarian one .
In the long run , you ’re doomed .
Drag the irs Into the 21st Century
When the 16th Amendment establishing the federal income tax was being debated , advocates argued it would return some portion of “ surplus incomes ” to the commonwealth .
The goal was to make those enriched by the new phenomenon of industrialization pay back the society that made their fortunes possible .
Consequently the middle class paid very little ; incomes of $ 3,000 ( the equivalent of $ 66,000 today ) were exempt from income tax , and in the lowest tax bracket you paid just 1 percent .
Today a single person is taxed at 10 percent once she makes more than $ 8,950 ( twice that for married couples ) .
Social Security taxes start with the first dollar of wages and end at just more than $ 100,000 .
Given the vast sums they have transferred to the superrich in the past 30 years , the 88 percent of taxpayers who make less than $ 100,000 a year deserve a break .
Congress should lower their taxes with an eye toward restoring their capacity to save ( thus , as a side benefit , generating fresh capital for investment ) , while at the same time studying how to create a high - wage economy that can generate more revenue .
At a deeper level , it ’s time for a national debate about how we can go from our existing federal tax system , which was well designed for the 20th century but now throws sand into the economy ’s gears , toward an efficient , effective system for sustaining a 21st - century democracy .
Congress should begin by holding hearings and giving Treasury a budget for research into alternative revenue sources such as a value - added tax and taxes on greenhouse emissions .
Our nation was founded on the idea that we would shape our own destiny .
Structuring our taxes is a critical part of how we do that ; and no matter what Sarah Palin told us during the campaign , paying taxes that are fair and just is the duty of a patriot .
Time and hard evidence revealed that Reaganism was a disastrous mistake .
Now we must get through the terrible night and on to a real morning in America .
Mr Jorge Nogueira da Silva denies using a laptop while driving A family of six was killed by a lorry driver who may have been using a laptop computer for directions as he drove along a motorway , a court heard .
David and Michelle Statham , of Llandudno , north Wales , and their four children died in the crash on the M6 in Sandbach , Cheshire , in October .
Portuguese driver Paulo Jorge Nogueira da Silva , 46 , denies six counts of causing death by dangerous driving .
Mr da Silva also denies causing six deaths by careless driving .
Earlier accident
The court heard the Statham family was killed instantly when the 40 - tonne lorry hit their Toyota Previa people carrier at about 31 mph .
The Statham family were returning from visiting relatives in Birmingham The Toyota was at the back of a queue caused by an earlier accident on the motorway .
Andrew Thomas QC , prosecuting , said it was alleged the lorry driver was using a global positioning system on his laptop computer to work out an alternative route , because the first crash had shut the motorway .
He said Mr da Silva had denied using the laptop while driving , but police found it was by the driver 's seat with the screen turned to face the driver .
Mr Thomas told the jury : " You will have to consider whether the defendant has told the truth . "
He said Mr da Silva had not seen the queuing traffic ahead because he was not paying attention .
" If he had looked he would have seen the queuing traffic for himself because the road was straight for over a mile before the queue started .
" He had plenty of time to see the queue because the trucks in front had been there for between one and two minutes before he arrived .
For over a mile before the point of impact the defendant was not paying proper attention to the road - it was gross inattention
Andrew Thomas QC
" For over a mile before the point of impact the defendant was not paying proper attention to the road .
It was gross inattention , " he said .
Mr and Mrs Statham , their sons Reece , 13 , Jay , nine , and Mason , 20 months , and 10 - week - old daughter Ellouise - were travelling back to Llandudno from Birmingham , where they had been visiting Mrs Statham 's parents .
Mrs Statham , a 33 - year - old financial adviser , was driving .
The family had moved to Llandudno four years ago from Sutton Coldfield , near Birmingham .
Mr da Silva was transporting fruit juice from Murcia , Spain , - where he lives - to a Morrisons distribution centre in Northwich , Cheshire .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It could be called “ To Catch a Rich Guy . ”
The celebrity Web site TMZ and TV shows like “ Extra ” and “ Inside Edition ” are expanding their coverage of starlets and Hollywood break - ups to include billion - dollar business scandals and the economic collapse .
A camera crew for “ Extra , ” the syndicated entertainment show , huddled alongside the BBC and The Associated Press outside the courtroom as Bernard L. Madoff pleaded guilty on Thursday .
That night , the show started by calling him “ the most hated man in America . ”
The previous evening , “ Inside Edition ” profiled one of Mr. Madoff ’s victims who testified in court , a 60 - year - old woman who lost millions and had to go to work as a maid .
The tabloid media , of course , have always peered into the excesses of the rich and famous with a mix of puritan disapproval and voyeurism .
But these outlets and other news organizations are now recording troubling uses of taxpayer money at country clubs , private airports and glamorous retreats and , in so doing , explicitly tapping into a fierce populist anger at corporate America , and even pressuring Congress to hold companies accountable .
TMZ , a Web site better known for unflattering paparazzi shots of Britney Spears and Rihanna , drove mainstream coverage and Congressional outrage with a blog post late last month that exclaimed , “ Bailout Bank Blows Millions Partying in L.A . ”
The site reported that Northern Trust , a bank that received $ 1.6 billion in taxpayer money , had hosted hundreds of clients and employees at a golf tournament and a series of parties in Southern California .
“ Your tax dollars , hard at work , ” the site wrote .
SEATTLE  Washington State law prohibits the possession of marijuana except for certain medical purposes .
Hempfest is not one of them .
Yet each summer when the event draws thousands to the Seattle waterfront to call for decriminalizing marijuana , participants light up in clear view of police officers .
And they rarely get arrested .
“ Police officers patrolling are courteous and respectful , ” said Alison Holcomb , drug policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union of Washington .
One reason for the officers ’ approach , said Ms. Holcomb and others who follow law enforcement in Seattle , is the leadership of R. Gil Kerlikowske , the chief of the Seattle Police Department and , officials in the Obama administration say , the president ’s choice to become the head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , known as the drug czar .
The anticipated selection of Chief Kerlikowske has given hope to those who want national drug policy to shift from an emphasis on arrest and prosecution to methods more like those employed in Seattle : intervention , treatment and a reduction of problems drug use can cause , a tactic known as harm reduction .
Chief Kerlikowske is not necessarily regarded as having forcefully led those efforts , but he has not gotten in the way of them .
Privileged sale of controlling stake of Ukraine 's leading metallurgy plant encounters roadblocks following initial approvaloadblocks after getting preliminary approval from parliament .
A bill on the privileged sale of a 50 percent stake in the Mariupol - based Illich plant to Illich - Stal , a closed joint stock company officially owned by the plant ’s 40,000 workers , easily passed a first reading by lawmakers in early July .
The average Joe or Josephine probably does n’t know it yet , but their cablevision bills could increase later this year without their authorization .
That ’s because the federal government is trying to come up with a way to prop up Canwest Global Communications Corp.
without riling the other private broadcasters .
The obvious solution is something the broadcasters like to call “ fee- for - carriage ” for conventional television .
I ’ll translate this term : it means charging cable customers a fee to watch conventional Canadian television stations that carry shows like Desperate Housewives and the Global and CTV national newscasts .
Earlier this month , CTVglobemedia executive vice president Paul Sparkes said in a news release that the conventional television model is “ broken ” .
This comment came after the company eliminated 118 positions at A channels across the country .
“ In the long term , the only real solution is fee - for - carriage , ” Sparkes said .
Last year , the broadcast regulator — the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission — rejected fee - for - carriage for conventional television stations .
However , the broadcasters are allowed to collect a fee from those who subscribe to specialty channels higher up on the dial .
It ’s a risky game for the politicians to overrule the CRTC and extend these fees to conventional stations .
In 1995 , Rogers Cablevision imposed fees on subscribers for specialty channels .
This so - called “ negative option ” billing — in which customers had to opt out to avoid paying the fees — caused a consumer revolt , with 100,000 calls pouring into the offices of Rogers each week , according to a report in Maclean's .
Irate consumers were bringing their cable boxes into the office and dumping them on the counter .
I can still remember when Rogers Cablesystems then - president , Colin Watson , came to Vancouver to apologize .
Why Vancouver ?
Because this region was where the protests were the most vociferous .
If the Harper government decides to impose fees on cable subscribers to save Canwest , I wo n't be surprised if some consumers react in a similar manner this year .
Digesting the media salvos over Rush Limbaugh is disconcerting .
The debate over whether Limbaugh is the leader of the Republican Party is being waged by the White House , the cable news networks , the print pundits , the online pundits and probably your friends and colleagues .
It ’s a bit of relief , perhaps , from the dreary onslaught of bad economic news — the plunging stocks , floundering banks and industries — and the ever - clearer realization that the new Administration has an overflowing plate on its hands .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs is enjoying the occasional fire stoking .
I find that to be an indulgence of playground politics , not liberal propagandizing as some claim .
( With a shit - eating grin , Gibbs called the White House ’s involvement in the Limbaugh issue “ counter - productive ” in yesterday ’s briefing . )
The White House is having some fun with this , but let ’s not forget the whole Republicans - are - in - a - civil - war meme has been rolling down the mountainside since Sen.
John McCain veeped Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin at the end of the summer .
And that debate , as I ’ve argued at length , is a completely necessary one .
But Limbaugh is a symptom , not a cause , and liberals ought to stay on the sidelines of this one .
Americans United for Change , a political action committee that made waves in denouncing President Bush ’s plan to privatize social security , released an ad recently , titled “ Who ’s the Republican Party ’s Real Leader ? ”
The ad is ( I hope ) consciously childish , and it seems to be less about contacting your local congressmen and more to do with stoking division .
Overall it ’s weak and fairly pointless .
One of the rocks of Limbaugh ’s foundation is the fact that shots like this resemble rubber arrows in trench warfare .
He could n’t care less .
The ad ’s context is Limbaugh ’s speech at the recent Conservative Political Action Committee conference in D.C. Rick Moran wrote a piece over at The Next Right comparing , at length , the speeches delivered by Limbaugh and fellow lightening rod Newt Gingrich .
He sums up :
Limbaugh , the Iconoclast vs. Gingrich the Conceptualizer .
That is where the movement will cleave most noticably [ sic ] .
One side living in the past , fantasizing about recapturing conservative greatness by stroking Reagan 's name and accomplishments as if they were a magic talisman designed to wipe away the modern world and lead us back to some ancien regime where everyone bagged their own meat , built their own houses , and churned their own butter .
The other , dealing with life in America as it is in the 21st century — an enormously complex clash of interests where conservatism must find a comfortable place in which to compete in the great marketplace of ideas .
It will be a lovely little war .
The essay is long but worth the read because it catalogues the pros and cons of both Limbaugh ’s populist demagoguery and Gingrich ’s wonkish analyses .
It would be wrong to say the two men neatly represent the two halves of the Republican Party or even of conservatism in general ; it would n’t be wrong , though , to see them as approximate signposts .
David Frum , writing at The New Majority ( noticing a theme in the names of these right - leaning websites ? ) , is pissed :
But do the rest of us understand what we are doing to ourselves by accepting [ Limbaugh ’s ] leadership ?
Rush is to the Republicanism of the 2000s what Jesse Jackson was to the Democratic party in the 1980s .
He plays an important role in our coalition , and of course he and his supporters have to be treated with respect .
But he can not be allowed to be the public face of the enterprise — and we have to find ways of assuring the public that he is just one Republican voice among many , and very far from the most important .
Democrats rode President Obama ’s coattails into the House and Senate , and the true face of the left is , naturally , the President .
There is a fleeting parallel , here : Obama , garnering better and better approval ratings , will take , for the most part , all the credit for economic recovery ; as to whether he ’ll be blamed for failing , 84 percent of the country “ think the current economic conditions were inherited and not caused by President Barack Obama . ”
Limbaugh , on the other hand , is trying to gather as much momentum behind him as possible so as to elevate himself to the top of the conservative weathervane .
If the President does not succeed in either a ) demonstrably turning the economy around or b ) continuing to remind the public as to where the economy came from , then the White House might pay a hefty price for sticking its nose in the pile of fireworks that is Limbaugh ’s populism .
Given that the memories of that classified DAP fiasco are still fresh on our brains , this one 's a bit less shocking than it might otherwise be .
Sure , we 've heard of scatterbrained MI6 agents selling confidential digital cameras on eBay , but it 's another thing entirely to see multiple US Army laptops making their way out to unsanctioned trading posts in Pakistan .
A new report over at Military and GlobalPost explains that some high - tech gadgets are being confiscated on supply routes and from within vehicles , and from there , the wares are making their way to black market shops for anyone to buy .
Anything from ruggedized computers to stabilized binoculars to night vision mounts have been spotted , and there 's plenty of pictures to prove it .
We must say , we 're a bit worried about detailed war schematics slipping so easily into the hands of the enemy , but who knows , maybe they 're just looking for a little Minesweeper action to take their minds away from it all .
[ Thanks , Jamie ] Read - Gear on black market Read - Pictures to prove it
What fun : the man described variously as the " most powerful person in book publishing " and as a " bull - necked , shaven - headed former pop music salesman who cares little for literary London " has decided to reveal his pet hates about books .
Scott Pack – former head buyer for Waterstone 's , now publisher at The Friday Project – has been blogging for the last week on what really irritates him .
I wholeheartedly agree with Peeve Number Three , when rather than including a descriptive blurb on the back jacket of a book , the publisher uses a list of quotes " from various wanky publications " .
" I have no problem with quotes .
They are very welcome endorsements , especially if they come from people whose taste I respect , but they are no substitute for a neat little summary of the book 's contents , " Pack writes .
" It happens quite a bit .
I think it is shocking .
There are enough barriers between readers and good books as it is without getting all enigmatic and highbrow .
Tell me what the book is about , not what other people think about it , and then I might want to buy it .
Do n't , and I won't . "
Right on , Mr Pack .
He 's also irritated by the tendency from some " contemporary literary novelists " to include " long show - offy " chunks of text in a foreign language , by the use in classics of " the action takes place in the town of F____
in the year 18____ " , and by introductions which give away the endings of books ( it spoiled The Mill on the Floss for him ) .
Other posters have come up with more suggestions – when short books are printed in large typeface to make them longer , when books fail to name the main character ( " it smacks of smart - arsery " ) and a bizarre antipathy to possessive titles : Flaubert 's Parrot , Captain Corelli's Mandolin .
My partner hates it when I crack the spines of books – he likes them to look good on the shelves , I think you have n't enjoyed a book until it 's been dropped in the bath , left in the rain , thoroughly mangled .
My pet hates , on the other hand , are when that gorgeous - looking new book by one of my favourite authors turns out to be a reissue of old material I 've already read , but I 've been too dopey to spot this before buying it .
And that enraging feeling when you 've got halfway through something and realise you 've read it before .
And when you splash out on a new hardback because you can't wait to read it , only to see it 's half price in Smiths .
What are yours ?
ATTENTION : posting has now been disabled .
This site has been turned into
MUSEUM OF THE 2004 ELECTION REVOLUTION
But you are allowed to browse the pages
SEE ALL OUR EVENTS IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER :
VIDEO : Who Are Communists For Kerry ?
" Heartfelt and touching , Party - approved view of class struggle in today 's capitalist America - just like Fahrenheit 9/11 ! "
-- THE NEW YORK TIMES
" Comrade Otis makes a persuasive case that there is another way to look at things beyond the version we 've been given . "
-- LOS ANGELES TIMES
" ... the sort of vitriolic exercise in paranoia that would ordinarily land its creator in therapy . "
- FOX NEWS
The People 's Research Institute ( PRI ) has found a way of stopping right - wing ideology in America and ending our losses at the ballot box : we need to face our opponent 's " facts " and " logic " by learning how to frame the debate .
The Progressive Truth Generator™ will help you to set the terms of debate on issues in your favor and quickly terminate all discussion !
Senator John Kerry , who after losing the 2004 election was purged and declared " non-person " by CommunistsForKerry.com ( CFK ) , a powerful pressure group that acts as a shadow Politburo behind the DNC , may now be forgiven and allowed to resume his revolutionary duties for his successful exposure of a CIA spy yesterday .
At a hearing to discuss the nomination of John Bolton as US ambassador to the United Nations , politicians discussed a dispute over Bolton 's treatment of an intelligence analyst , referred to as " Mr Smith . "
But when Kerry read from a transcript of closed door interviews he gave out the name of Fulton Armstrong that had not previously come up .
MORE >>
The Cube Is In Your Corner !
The wait is over !
Oppressed workers , peasants , and unwashed toiling intelligentsia of our great American Motherland !
The People ’s Cube has finally risen over the virtual horizon like the red sun of the revolution , dispelling the right - wing darkness of the blogosphere !
This day shall be known as the dawn of Gulagosphere .
It shall become a state holiday , celebrated in centuries ahead by spontaneous street marches of correctly educated proletarians chanting Party - approved slogans , peacefully hurling bricks at occasional remnants of the bourgeoisie , and vigorously consuming quantities of inexpensive People ’s Cube sugar beet vodka !
VISIT TO THE PEOPLE'S CUBE IS MANDATORY !
Lenin And The Wifebeaters
The Next Steps ...
Why we lost this election ...
Original draft of Kerry 's concession speech written by CFK
and rejected later in favor of a more opportunistic version
We have lost this election because Americans obdurately continue to believe in old myths and archaic nonsense about themselves .
We shall continue to scorch it out of their murky skulls with our red - hot burning Pravda !
Re-education is the key !
Our agents in the academia , mass media , and trivial entertainment divisions have failed to sway the voting populace into embracing their true nature as a mote of a vast collective !
The guilty shall be purged .
Our efforts shall be quadrupled .
Resistance is futile !
We have put together a list of national myths entertained by our foes we would do well to eliminate by stealth or worse in the new Four - Year Plan .
Circulate widely .
LIST OF AMERICAN MYTHS SCHEDULED FOR ELIMINATION >>
Celebration Turns Tragic As Workers And Peasants Re-Elect Bush
All was ready to celebrate glorious victory .
The apartment expropriated from a rich bourgeois oppressor had been artfully decorated with revolutionary posters .
Vodka and pirozhki waited on the dinner table as Communists For Kerry gathered around the TV to watch the advance of the revolution and exchanged war stories ...
MORE >>
The Party has made him , the Party shall take him away !
It is our sad duty to report that Komrad Kerry has been purged for failing the revolution .
He has been advised to take a self - criticism session involving a personal sidearm .
We will remember him in our hearts as our most expendable apparatchik .
A few Party members have inquired about the Politbureau 's course of action in the near future .
Komrad Hillary has humbly suggested to take over , as the rest of the Party melts away into the countryside , which is all red , and regroup for the '08 election .
Like Che and Fidel , we must now take to the jungles of America to continue the revolution .
Like Lenin and Stalin , we shall penetrate the tundra , the taiga , and the steppes of the American Motherland .
Keep your Red Star Radio receivers handy , you shall soon hear the transmission instructing you of the Party - approved course of action .
DISCUSS >>
LATEST ENDORSEMENTS : Bin Laden For Kerry , Progress , And Peace
Osama Bin Laden , the Omnipotent Leader of the Third World 's Progressive Forces , has transmitted an endorsement for Comrade Kerry by declaring that all Bush - voting States will be retaliated against by the Tolerant Civil - Libertarian Freedom Fighters .
In response to the message delivered via Al Jazeera People ’s Network , millions of Spaniards observed that if it were not for Bush 's neo-con , war - mongering policies , Spain too might have received a pre-election video from the Omnipotent Leader , instead of the explosive endorsement received by 200 Spaniards on the train to work , on March 11th 2004 , three days before the Spanish National Election .
Bin Laden also said in his pre-election October surprise video that his goal is to bankrupt the US economy .
Incidentally this goal is also shared by communists , socialists , and all progressive peace - loving admirers of Karl Marx and Noam Chomsky .
What 's good for the Third World is good for America !
Stay United With Bin Laden For Peace And Justice !
Vote Kerry !
DISCUSS >>
International Coalition of Dead Voters Endorses John Kerry
The International Coalition of Dead Voters has always supported progressive causes , being the most dedicated constituency of the Democratic Party .
Consistently voting for the political Left they are playing an increasingly important role in the American democratic process .
It is important that this Halloween all dead people of good will , again , take advantage of early voting and cast their vote for John Kerry .
MORE >>
Vote Kerry - Return The Good Old Oil For Food Era !
Communists For Kerry deny receipt of illegal funds from the Oil For Food program through International A.N.S.W.E.R .
In response to recent allegations of illegal funding , CFK wishes it be known that our revolutionary activities are fueled solely by the will of the people , and not by George Soros or illegal contributions from the former Ba'ath government of Iraq laundered by A.N.S.W.E.R. Unlike Kojo Annan and Saddam Hussein , we did not become enriched by the Oil for Food program .
We did not use the money we did n't accept from Ramsey Clark to instigate riots and protests .
We had no knowledge that the money Clark never funneled to us from Iraq through A.N.S.W.E.R. was illegally siphoned from the Oil for Food program , and if we did , we would never have used it for treason and sedition we did n't commit ...
MORE >>
Operation Red Nuisance Rising
The Party extends its gratitude to all the loyal workers and peasants who showed up for this revolution .
Your zeal has been noticed .
Our pre-approved objective was to re-educate workers and peasants about John Kerry 's Nuisance Project , John Kerry 's Four - Year Plan for America , and other burning issues .
But Fidel Castro 's unauthorized fall and subsequent absence at our rally has caused a change of plans ...
MORE >>
Communists For Kerry in Paris : The French Chapter
In addition to our Australian Chapter , we now have one in Paris , France .
Communists
For Kerry of the world , unite !
American expatriots with some French comrades have done a great job representing us ( and ProtestWarriors ) at a pro-Kerry rally beneath the Eiffel Tower .
MORE >>
Kerry Declares Terror A Non-Word , Americans Feel Safe Again
NEW SOLDIER GOES BACK TO PRE - 2001 WORLD
Once terror becomes a non-word , war on terror will end by itself .
Clearly , fighting a non-entity is not only irrational , it is self - destructive .
Those still bent on fighting terror will be dispatched to state - run mental institutions to be treated by Party - appointed professionals .
'' We have to get back to the place we were , where terrorists are not the focus of our lives , but they 're a nuisance . [ … ]
We 're never going to end prostitution .
We 're never going to end illegal gambling , " John Kerry said to New York Times Magazine when asked " what it would take for Americans to feel safe again . "
Back To The Future : The Nuisance Project
All subordinate news media ( aka " mainstream " ) are hereby directed to eliminate the words " terror " and " terrorism " from their language .
Use the words " nuisance , bother , annoyance , irritation , pest , " and those standing next to them in thesaurus .
MORE >>
Kerry's Plan For America : He is Jesus !
THE FOUR YEAR PLAN ( according to John Edwards ) Year 1 : The deaf shall hear and the blind shall see .
Feed thousands with a few loaves of bread .
Year 2 : Walk on water and cast out demons .
Turn water into wine and welfare into jobs .
Year 3 : Tame hurricanes , earthquakes , and global warming .
Perform raising of the dead .
Year 4 : Lion shall lay down with lamb .
Battle Republican beast .
Bring forth Eternal Kingdom .
Resurrect .
MORE >>
October 2004 : Introducing Lenin's New Economic Policy ( NEP )
Big Red !
The only gum strong enough for the Revolution !
Klara Zetkin taunts Bush supporters with a pack of Big Red , Gum of the People .
Lenin's New Economic Policy ( NEP ) allows the Party to replenish its coffers by selling brand name dry goods without coming off as hypocrites .
On the one hand we are sworn enemies of private property and mercantilism .
On the other hand we need to eat .
Without the NEP this would be a hypocrisy .
But Lenin , with an enormous effort of his colossal mind , solved the philosophical puzzle by creating a highly nuanced dialectical synthesis of antagonistic opposites .
Simply put , profiteering is allowed for Party members only .
Our compassion for the people must be compensated .
The stronger the compassion , the bigger the compensation .
We were against profiteering before we were for it .
MORE >>
Komsomolets Rob : The True Story
Two DNC workers embracing Great Leader Che on Soviet Union Square ( 8/28/04 ) .
These two DNC workers thanked us for supporting John Kerry .
They thought we were totally cool with our propaganda .
We all agree that both Communism and Kerry were good for the People .
All sides of the political spectrum easily accept the idea of communists supporting Kerry .
Only such acceptance by one side causes outrage and accusations of bias , but on the other side it provokes a warm feeling of comradeship and inclusiveness .
What do we communists say about hypocrisy ?
People who live in glass houses should n't walk around naked , da ?
MORE >>
Operation " CBS Freedom Zone "
Communists For Kerry Take Over CBS Building , Erect Wall Of Protection , Establish Freedom Zone , Change Fall Line-up
From now on , CBS is mandated to get their news and views from Communists For Kerry only .
This will ensure that only the correct , Party - approved information will be disseminated to the American people .
Get CommunistsForKerry.com Email Address !
We now offer to each comrade and comradochka a unique and heroic opportunity to support the Party by getting the " communistsforkerry " e-mail address through the Day of the Revolution ( otherwise known as Election Day ) .
Pick your nom de guerre and sign up !
Imagine the warm feeling such inescapably proletarian emails will radiate through interlocutors at academic institutions , media outlets , and weblogs !
Distributed on first - come - first - serve basis to Party members .
All others go back to the line and examine educational propagandistic art while you wait .
MORE >>
SOCIALIST COMPETITION
CONTEST !
Our staff writers have all gone on extended vacation to collect wild berries , breathe the invigorating tundra air , and reflect on how such experience strengthens the feeling of gratitude to the Party and the dedication to the People 's cause .
To tap into potential of the People is the idea whose time has come !
If not you , who ?
If not now , when ?
MORE >>
Kerry To Build Hurricane Shield
In addition to his previous campaign promises meant to improve the life situation for those who resent the nature of capitalism at the expense of those who are quite happy with it , Senator John F. Kerry has now announced a plan to harness the very nature itself .
" The Bush administration has mislead Americans about hurricanes , " Kerry announced to his supporters .
" I believe I can fight a more effective , more thoughtful , more strategic , more proactive , more sensitive war on hurricanes . "
MORE >>
Americans rejoice as elites defecate on them From Yahoo News : Dave Matthews Band , an environmentally and politically active liberal music group got caught on tape while unleashing a whirlwind of excrement ( 800 pounds of liquid human waste ) from their sewage laden tour bus into the Chicago River through a metal grating on the Kinzie Street Bridge earlier this month .
This posed environmental and public health risks as a passing tour boat filled with 100 people on an architecture sightseeing cruise was doused by the falling excrement .
The band said that they did this to illustrate to the non-elite American public where they belong in society .
" This sends a clear message to people that celebrities are far more important than average Americans , " says DMB 's spokesman , John Vlautin .
" And take my word , people love it ! "
" Our crap is so great because we are educated Hollywood elites on special diets , " explains Dave , the group 's leader .
" We actually started a trend !
Common folks from all over America are writing to us asking to come and defecate upon them . "
MORE >>
Notice to Webonaut
This datapage is optimized for 400X300 resolution on a Progress 1 monochrome monitor from the Pyongyang TV factory named after Comrade Alger Hiss .
This people - owned data page ( People ’s Property Inventory # 2983 - USSA - 77 ) is designed to be viewed within the Sovietnet and the Democratic sector of the internet .
The transfer of data to non-socialist networks especially Fox News , NRO , etc. is subject to Revolutionary Tribunal .
This site is licensed under number # 2323/23 of the Ministry of Re-education .
This site conforms to the Sovietnet standard GOST 1917 - 10 invented by comrade Al Gore ( Great Hero of Invention ) to be viewed on your people 's own " data calculating appliance . "
A newer version of SovietNet browser to be released in the next 5 - year plan will allow you to send email without having to stick a stamp to the monitor .
Until then citizens who do not comply will have their monitors confiscated .
When you are finished viewing this datapage you may wait for kind permission to sit down .
Ask A Kommissar Denounce and get a bigger apartment .
Do n't fear , it 's a free country .
For now .
STAND UP AND ASK YOUR QUESTION ! >>
PRAVDA Kerry : A Useful Idoloclast
The bourgeois demagogues of the so - called " free press " paint John Kerry as being " soft " on communism .
What an understatement !
We could n't have had a better comrade in our effort to speed up the downfall of world capitalism !
MORE >>
Kerry names Jacques Chirac his Foreign Policy Advisor Dear John ,
Here is a permision slip , you can fill it out and I 'll get back to you .
However you can feel free to use 2 armoured divisions and 1 aircraft carrier group .
Please make sure they are all back at base before 4 pm .
Jacques
JacquesChirac@communistsforkerry.com
MORE >>
Enemies of the People
George W Bush Capitalist pig .
Destroyed two socialist regimes Ronald Reagan Capitalist pig .
Took down the Soviet Union and Berlin Wall Ann Coulter Reactionary chain dog of the bourgeoisie Jonah Goldberg Reactionary chain dog of the bourgeoisie Rush Limbaugh Reactionary chain dog of the bourgeoisie Matt Drudge Reactionary chain dog of the bourgeoisie
MORE >>
Hall of Heroes
MORE >>
\
Forbes has updated its World 's Billionaires list , and boy have things changed .
The list has lost 373 people : last year there were 1,125 billionaires and this year there are just 793 people rich enough to have the title .
Even these 793 have lost an average of 23 percent of their wealth .
The economic downturn is n't being very picky .
The average net worth sits at around $ 3 billion , which is essentially where it was six years ago .
Of these 793 , Bill Gates has managed to regain the top position , despite a loss of $ 18 billion .
That 's right , Bill Gates is once again the richest man on Earth .
Gates lost the title in July 2007 to Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Hel� .
Hel� was second last year , but now sits at third after dropping $ 25 billion .
Warren Buffett , who was first last year , saw his fortune decline $ 25 billion .
Here 's the top 10 list as it currently now stands :
William Gates III , 53 , holds a US citizenship , resides in the US , and has a net worth of $ 40.0 billion Warren Buffett , 78 , holds a US citizenship , resides in the US , and has a net worth of $ 37.0 billion Carlos Slim Helu , 69 , holds a Mexican citizenship , resides in Mexico , and has a net worth of $ 35.0 billion Lawrence Ellison , 64 , holds a US citizenship , resides in the US , and has a net worth of $ 22.5 billion Ingvar Kamprad ( and family ) , 83 , holds a Swedish citizenship , resides in Switzerland , and has a net worth of $ 22.0 billion Karl Albrecht , 89 , holds a German citizenship , resides in Germany , and has a net worth of $ 21.5 billion Mukesh Ambani , 53 , holds an Indian citizenship , resides in India , and has a net worth of $ 19.5 billion Lakshmi Mittal , 58 , holds an Indian citizenship , resides in the UK , and has a net worth of $ 19.3 billion Theo Albrecht , 87 , holds a German citizenship , resides in Germany , and has a net worth of $ 18.8 billion Amancio Ortega , 73 , holds a Spanish citizenship , resides in Spain , and has a net worth of $ 18.3 billion
You can check out the full list of 793 individuals yourself over at Forbes.com .
In response to the deteriorating security situation and a doubling of the civilian death toll – to almost 700 in the first six months of this year compared with 2007 , according to United Nations ' figures – President Bush announced that a US Marines battalion , scheduled to deploy in Iraq , would instead be going to Afghanistan , and America is pressing its European allies to follow suit and send more soldiers .
The French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , has used the deployment of additional troops in Afghanistan as a symbol of Franco - American rapprochement after the rifts in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq .
The resurgence of the Taliban has also featured prominently in this year 's American presidential campaign .
Meeting Ramazan , and hearing his story , seemed like an important way to understand what had gone wrong in Afghanistan , and , more importantly , what needed to be done to save the American project , if indeed that were possible .
Updated Friday at 5 pm :
This devastating note just popped into my email from CWalken :
" It ’s been fun !
Twitter has decided that the CWalken account is not in their best interest .
Alas ! "
I will be following up .
Twitter ’s policy is to shut down fake Twitterers .
But as CWalken has pointed out to me , he never claimed to be Christopher Walken , just " Chris Walken from Manhattan . "
Well , I hope Mondo Media was n’t the cause .
Previously :
Big excitement over here at Mondo Media : Through a combination of sleuthing , persistence and dumb luck , I tracked down the person who is really tweeting as Christopher Walken .
( Tuesday , I confirmed that the " CWalken " Twitter feed is not written by the actor . )
What ’s great about the " CWalken " feed is that it sounds like Christopher Walken , yet it ’s got the consistent tone and point of view that only a committed writer can achieve .
( That ’s no slag on the actor who , no doubt , has other kinds of business to attend to every day than getting words and images just right within the 140 - character or less limits of a tweet . )
" CWalken " reads as if the actor himself were emerging from a surreal haze a few times a day to note the stupidity , oddness , and weird beauty of the everyday world :
" I do my best thinking in a barber ’s chair .
Sadly I do my worst remembering there too .
Sure , I could take some notes but who does that ?
In keeping with the mysterious , subversive aura he ’s cultivated in the feed , the " CWalken " writer does not want to reveal his identity to the public .
He would communicate with me only on email , and did not tell me his name .
How do I know I found the real CWalken ?
He sent me a personal message on Twitter from the CWalken account .
Then , a few hours before that post above appeared , he told me he would soon be posting something about a haircut .
Also , he maintains a personal Twitter feed , which he pointed me to but asked me not to reveal here , and it sounds much like the CWalken feed , only a bit raunchier and more free - wheeling .
Anyway , I ’m convinced I found the guy .
Here ’s our Q&A , conducted by email .
Can you give me some general idea of your age , family , where you live , what you do for a living … that sort of thing ?
( I take it from [ your other Twitter feed ] you are a guy .
I sense a wife and kid in there too . )
I am a guy in his forties with a wife and a kid — good catch .
My [ other Twitter feed ] avatar is part of my face and that ’s about as much as I ever put of myself online .
I work in the publishing & media industry and as such spread my time between the coasts .
Think of me as one of the consultants from Office Space with better shirts .
OK , so this whole thing started when you took over a Twitter account called " CWalken " run by the culture blog Clusterflock , and changed the password without telling anyone .
How involved are you with Clusterflock ?
Why did you decide to take over the CWalken Twitter account without letting anyone know ?
Did you tell them after you took it over ?
Great question .
I am actually only peripherally involved with Clusterflock ( see question 1 ) .
I was more active in the past but due to privacy issues and professional conflicts I became a more marginal participant ( posting under different names — eventually under the anonymous Christoper Walken account primarily ) .
The core members of Clusterflock have always been a sensitive and welcoming group and , while I ’ve never met any of them in person , I ’ve admired them almost as a quirky extended family .
As for Twitter — believe it or not I never told the group that I ’d taken over the account .
It ’s important to keep in mind that only one or two of us even knew what Twitter was at the time and that the account had sat inactive for months before I started playing with it .
This was not a dramatic power play by any means .
Why did I take it and not tell anyone ?
Complicated in a boring way .
At first I left the access alone and posted using the shared account information thinking that the feed could be a fun improvisational exchange .
No - one else participated but it did n’t matter anyway .
I think we had a good 40 - 50 followers so the stage was pretty insignificant .
Given that I was the only person posting to the feed , the updates took on a consistency that one might expect from a single - owner account .
It was n’t exactly a source of pride for me but I was satisfied with what I was writing .
One day a visitor came by , logged in , and posted a rape - themed " tweet " that was vile , ugly and hateful .
I deleted the post , changed the password and waited for someone to ask my why .
No one ever did .
So — for the following months I quietly posted my " cwalken " posts for my amusement and as a subtle prank — not a prank on the world but a brotherly prank on my buddies at Clusterflock .
Something happened a couple of weeks ago and everybody showed up .
Now it ’s a little weird and would appear to be a " hoax " on a much larger scale .
And maybe it is now but it was n’t supposed to be .
Were you approaching the cwalken feed as some sort of literary experiment or project ?
The original intent was that of an experiment in that Clusterflock owners / admins wanted to provide an anonymous platform for members to express random thoughts .
The Clusterflock site has done a wonderful job of cultivating this model but it was never effectively extended to Twitter — probably because of my appropriation of the account .
My own project is far less ambitious .
I simply enjoy writing for voices other than my own .
When I post a " cwalken " update I am hoping to write something as I would imagine it spoken by Christoper Walken .
The politics , tastes and observations are my own .
That is — I am not trying to speak for Christopher Walken .
I am simply borrowing his voice and reworking my words in his cadence .
Some people crochet , I do this .
One last note on Clusterflock — I think many , if not most , suspect me as Cwalken because this is just the kind of thing that I would do .
When they say that they do n’t know , however , they are speaking the truth .
I am very patient and very stubborn and as such have drug them along unwillingly for this strange ride .
Who are your favorite writers ?
Do you consciously evoke any of them when you tweet as cwalken ?
Ouch — that ’s a hard one .
Philip Kerr is probably my favorite writer .
I ’m also a big fan of Umberto Eco but I would n’t say that either comes to mind at all in my Twitter shenanigans .
How much do you try to use Christopher Walken himself as a source / influence ?
I actually know nothing about Christopher Walken other than that I love his films .
He seems an honorable man with a great voice .
Sorry — nothing deep here at all !
What do you think about the whole " celebrity Twitter " world ?
( I loved your tweets on Ashton Kutcher , here and here ) .
I am not a fan of the celebrity Twitter world — with the exception of John Hodgman of course .
Hodgman can get off in the weeds from time to time but he is truly a treasure .
Self - deprecating , funny and brilliant .
Other than that I find the narcissistic ramblings of celebrity Twitter to be as annoying as the next person .
I am not a fan of Ashton Kutcher .
How do you decide what goes in [ your personal Twitter feed ] , what goes in Cwalken ?
[ My Twitter feed ] is where I put my spur - of - the - moment , knee - jerk , rude posts .
I try not to do that in Cwalken out of respect for the audience and the character .
So [ my Twitter feed ] is me without filters .
I wish it were more complex than that !
Our very own Mumbai taxi .
Watch an interview with the designers here
For any design - aware visitor , Mumbai ’s yellow and black taxis , which constitute a major part of the city ’s horrendous traffic , are a wondrous sight .
The majority are richly decorated with a litany of the driver ’s favourite things : like a MySpace page on wheels .
The sacred and profane rub along on rear windscreens , wings and bumpers as visual references to gods mingle with film titles , western brand logos and complex geometric patterns .
At night , these vivid forms dazzle under street lights and car headlamps .
For our April issue , we commissioned our own Mumbai taxi
PROVINCIAL authorities in the Swat Valley in northwestern Pakistan struck a peace deal with local Taliban franchisees this week , and in it the government agreed to extend Islamic law in the area .
Since then , commentators around the world have pretended to know what the agreement means .
Some suspect a " hidden hand , " whether it be the intelligence agencies or the United ... ( Full article : 698 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
CHIEF executives get no credit in good times if their companies have good credit .
Back in 1980 more than 60 American non-financial companies qualified for the ultra-chic AAA rating from Standard & Poor 's ( S&P ) .
Now there are just six .
That change is not just a reflection of the financial crisis or the recession .
The decline in credit ratings has been remorseless over the past couple of decades .
In 1987 just 38.1 % of issuers in the American bond market were rated as speculative , or “ junk ” .
In 2007 junk - bond issuers made up most of the market for the first time .
The number of lowly - rated CCC issuers has almost tripled over the past 21 years .
The intellectual fashion has been for companies to have “ efficient ” balance - sheets .
If cash is not immediately needed to reinvest in the business , it should be handed back to shareholders , who can use it more profitably elsewhere .
Hoarding cash for a rainy day was seen as a failure of executive imagination .
Corporate - finance theory may state that the value of a company should not be affected by its decision to finance itself with equity or debt .
But , in practice , interest payments are generally tax - deductible ; dividends are not .
That gives companies a big push in the direction of debt .
So has the state of the financial markets in recent years .
Measures of stockmarket valuation , such as price - earnings ratios , never recovered to the peak levels of 2000 , even when share prices were rising during 2003 - 07 .
In contrast , corporate - bond investors quickly forgave issuers for the failures of Enron and WorldCom in 2002 ; spreads fell to historic lows .
It was easier to issue debt than equity .
In addition , debt was credited with operational benefits .
The need to meet regular payments imposes a discipline on corporate executives , ensuring they keep a lid on costs .
This is one of the arguments used to extol the merits of private equity , which relies heavily on debt finance .
But these strategic reasons for taking on debt may have played second fiddle to a more basic motive : managers ' self - interest .
Using cash to buy back equity boosted earnings per share , making it easier for companies to meet quarterly profits targets .
Meanwhile , executives are motivated by share options .
Favouring debt over equity made the share price more volatile , and the more volatile the shares , the more valuable an option becomes .
Debt was also often used to finance acquisitions .
Again , deals may be in the executive 's self - interest ; bigger companies mean bigger salaries and it is much better for the executive if his company is perceived to be predator , not prey .
Moreover , outside advisers , such as investment banks , have an incentive to recommend debt issuance and acquisitions , both of which generate fees .
Activist shareholders such as hedge funds pushed companies to pay out surplus cash .
It is only in recessions that this enthusiasm for debt reveals its dangers .
The default rate is now rising rapidly and S&P is forecasting that nearly 14 % of bond issuers will fail to meet their obligations this year .
It is difficult to roll over new debt , given the credit crunch .
Meanwhile , suppliers demand instant payment from companies with weak balance - sheets and equity investors downgrade the shares .
Were there no voices for caution ?
To be fair , it was households rather than business that piled up the bulk of the debt in recent years .
Strong profits allowed many companies to rely on internal funds for their investment needs .
However , in a few industries , carmaking , for example , debt has been pushed very high .
And many public companies that were taken private in recent years are now struggling to cope with their debts .
Companies will naturally now seek to issue shares to repair their balance - sheets .
Sometimes this will mean selling equity , a galling experience for those who spent a fortune on share buy - back programmes just a year or two ago .
That ought to cast doubt on the financial acumen of the executives concerned .
A bigger problem is that the best time to issue shares is when stockmarkets are soaring , not languishing .
Figures from Absolute Strategy Research , a consultancy , show that the peak period for European issuance was in 1998 - 2000 , in monetary terms , or in 1986 - 88 , as a proportion of market value .
In recessions , rights issues can seem like chucking good money after bad .
And as the banks have already discovered , the more a rights issue appears to be imminent , the bigger the fall in the share price and the harder it is to get the issue away .
The “ efficient ” balance - sheet can be a disorderly death sentence .
Tilt switch from old thermostat .
I replaced an old thermostat at our square house in Urbana , Illinois in late 2001 , and this is the tilt switch from it .
It had probably been there for decades .
A thermostat works by mounting this kind of tilt switch on a coiled bi-metallic strip , which coils and uncoils slightly as the temperature changes .
When the switch tilts out of level the mercury flows to one side or the other , turning on the heat or air - conditioning depending on the direction of tilt .
The weight of the mercury tips the balance slightly further in the direction it went , providing a built - in hysteresis effect .
Reports Kathy Tattersall from Wolfram Research , Inc : I just clicked on Mercury and saw the switch you used .
It brought back fond memories of my Dad who used to invent so many gadgets that are now used in our everyday lives ( but he never patented any of them ! ! ) :(
Back in the mid to late 50's he made a mercury switch ... it was a glass tube with the mercury in it and it was then connected by a long electrical cord to our TV so when commercials came on he would " tip " the switch and shut off the sound !!!
He made one for my grandfather and uncles he even got fancy and made a wood box around the glass tube to protect the tube from breaking and the left over Mercury my brother and I used to play with !!
( horrors ! ! )
I loved to watch the mercury split then pull itself back together again !
Source : Hardware Store
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 15 April , 2002
Text Updated : 11 August , 2007
Price : $ 10 / new thermostat
Size : 1 "
Purity : >95 %
Vial of antique mercury .
This small glass vial came from Rob Raguet - Schofield 's wife 's coworker 's parents who had it in their basement and did n't know what to do with it .
They thought about burying it in the back yard but I took it off their hands instead .
You have got to listen to the sound of this sample .
This picture is out of date : I 've since added more mercury that came from a leaking barometer I got at a school auction , and cleaned it all up by using a coffee filter with a pinhole in the bottom of it ( a technique I learned from Timothy Brumleve ) .
Amazingly , you can simply let dirty oxidized mercury drip through such a filter , and it comes out bright and shiny .
The oxide is left clinging to the sides of the coffee filter .
Of course , you would n't want to do that without protection against the mercury vapor and a proper way to dispose of the mercury contaminated filters .
Back in 1972 ( October issue to be precise ) National Geographic Magazine published a photograph of a man sitting on a pool of mercury .
And I do mean on , not in .
I 've never forgotten that photo , and finally dug it up again ( from their CD - ROM collection ) :
Of course , no one in their right mind , then or now , would expose themselves to this much mercury .
But , man , does n't it look like it would be an incredible experience ?
Mercury is so dense , and clings to itself so strongly , than the man floats on it like Styrofoam floats on water .
The pressure inside a pool of mercury rises 13 times more rapidly than the pressure in a pool of water ( because it is 13 times more dense ) .
Imagine sticking your arm straight down into a pool of mercury :
The pressure on your hand would be as high as if it were 20 feet under water .
What must that feel like ?
When I wrote the above , I never thought that anyone had actually tried it , but it turns out quite a few people have , and in the USA no less .
A reader who wishes to remain anonymous send the following story : I do n't have to imagine !
I grew up in [ location deleted ] and my father worked in the high power tube division of [ company name deleted ] .
They would periodically have open house tours .
I remember well one at about age 7 .
The plant where large [ product name deleted ] tubes were assembled was a large barn with a hard packed oily dirt floor .
Some of these tubes were larger than 55 gallon drums ; control rectifiers for pumped storage power plants , etc .
There were open 55 gallon drums of mercury around to fill them .
One of the tour demos was to see if you were able to completely immerse your arm in a drum of mercury .
I remember the feeling of almost being lifted off the ground by the buoyancy of my arm deep in the barrel .
The floor was covered with puddles of mercury .
People worked there 8 - 10 hours a day .
I never heard of anyone being poisoned .
Of course one would n't , would one .
My father occasionally brought home small amounts of mercury for me to play with .
I had a couple of pounds at one time but gradually lost most of it .
That was fifty years ago .
I 'm still here .
All I can say is , I really , really wish that mercury was n't so poisonous !
Source : Rob Raguet - Schofield
Contributor : Rob Raguet - Schofield
Acquired : 22 May , 2002
Text Updated : 29 January , 2009
Price : Donated
Size : 3 "
Purity : >95 %
Blood pressure monitor .
A blood pressure monitor like this contains at least a cubic inch of mercury , far more than the typical thermometer .
If spilled , that would be enough mercury to contaminate quite a lot of air or water .
For that reason , such monitors should be treated carefully and ideally should be turned in to hazardous waste collection point in favor of an electronic model that uses no mercury .
This one came from an Amish auction : Understandably they prefer this type to the electronic type , but that does n't make it any less toxic .
Click the source link for a story about the auction .
Source : Herschberger Welding Auction
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 14 September , 2003
Text Updated : 11 March , 2007
Price : $ 10
Size : 12 "
Purity : 95 %
Sample Group : Medical
Nearly full flask .
You 're probably not going to believe this , but I 've wanted one of these since I was in my early teens .
Really wanted one .
I remember reading that the international unit of commerce in mercury was the " flask " which contained 76 pounds of mercury .
I imagined this was something like a big barrel .
Then at some point I learned that , no , a " flask " of mercury was actually quite small .
Mercury is very dense ( 70 % more dense than iron , for example ) , so 76 pounds of it is only about as big as a loaf of bread .
Well , when I learned that , I really wanted one !
This is war surplus mercury that had been at DePauw University since about the 1950's until Dave Roberts , bless his heart , decided to give it to me .
I was there with Max installing the new periodic table display in their Julian Science Center when Dave gave us a bunch of elements he felt were surplus to DePauw 's needs , including this flask and several more bottles of mercury to help top it up .
It was really nice of him to let me walk off with the stuff , but really I 'm probably doing them a favor .
Mercury is n't very expensive if you ever want some , and it is so toxic that disposing of it probably costs more than buying it .
So having an excess on hand , as DePauw did , can be a significant liability , and now it 's my liability instead of theirs .
Even though this cylinder is only about 3 / 4 full ( it weighs 61 pounds total while full it would be 76 pounds plus the weight of the cylinder ) it 's heavy enough to be quite hard to lift , and the sloshing mercury is quite entertaining .
Source : Dave Roberts
Contributor : daverobers
Acquired : 1 November , 2003
Text Updated : 11 August , 2007
Price : Donated
Size : 12 "
Purity : 99.9 %
Contact thermostat .
This is a really neat , though broken , precision thermostat .
It has a fine lead screw that allows you to adjust a very fine wire up and down .
The wire is sticking down into the capillary tube of what is otherwise an ordinary mercury thermometer .
When the mercury rises to the level of the wire it makes electrical contact with it , switching off the power to whatever heater the unit is controlling .
This is is no doubt a much more accurate thermostat than the typical bi-metallic strip kind , and it is intended for scientific applications .
Source : Ursula Carlson
Contributor : Ursula Carlson
Acquired : 20 November , 2003
Price : Donated
Size : 12 "
Purity : 99.9 %
Mini element collection .
This is a nice little set from the 1960's .
The enclosed price list indicates it cost a few dollars , and the enclosed mercury sample indicates it predates current environmental concerns !
Here 's a picture of the whole 2 - box set :
Source : Blake Ferris
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 15 July , 2004
Price : $ 61/set
Size : 1 "
Purity : < 50 %
Triboelectric tube .
This is a partially evacuated tube containing about 100 Torr of neon gas and about 5 grams of mercury .
In a very dark room , after giving your eyes time to adjust , you can see flashes of light where the mercury is separating from the glass as the tube is rotated .
Very strange .
Source : William Kolb
Contributor : William Kolb
Acquired : 12 August , 2004
Price : Donated
Size : 3 "
Purity : 99 %
Temperature compensating pendulum .
To keep accurate time , a pendulum clock needs a pendulum whose center of gravity remains constant .
Unfortunately when the metal shaft of a pendulum warms up , it expands , shifting the center of gravity down and causing the clock to run slow .
To compensate for this , glass vials containing mercury can be placed at the bottom of the pendulum .
Not only is mercury nice and heavy , making for a good solid pendulum , it also expands more than most other metals on heating .
Thus as the pendulum warms up the bottom of the vials moves down ( because the shaft gets longer ) but the mercury gets taller , shifting the center of gravity back up where it belongs .
How much more accurate this made a clock I do n't know :
In any case a cheap electronic clock now is vastly more accurate than any of these ever were .
Source : eBay seller proclocks
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 5 October , 2004
Price : $ 86
Size : 4 "
Purity : 99 %
Tanning lamp .
Mercury lamps give off UV light , which causes tanning , which causes skin cancer .
Despite this , some people choose to expose their skin to UV artificially , so people will think they are wealthy enough to spend the winter in Barbados or something .
But I digress .
This old ( 50 - 60s ? ) lamp make by Sun - Kraft contains a huge amount of mercury , about a cubic centimeter , which is way more than typical mercury bulbs .
I have no idea why , and the lamp does n't work so I can't say whether it makes a difference .
Here is a close - up of the mercury in the bottom of the tube :
Reader Keith McIver sent me the following two links to downloadable archives of a hilarious and informative promotional film made in 1946 by the manufacturer of this lamp .
It comes in two parts : Part 1 and Part 2 .
Ah , things were so simple , so optimistic back then .
These days we worry about subtle issues , like the difference between when UV light is beneficial and when it 's harmful .
I suppose they probably worried about it back then too , just not in promotional films by the makers of UV lamps .
Source : Auction
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 6 November , 2004
Text Updated : 11 August , 2007
Price : $ 7
Size : 12 "
Purity : 99 %
Sample Group : Medical
Museum - grade sample .
In early 2004 Max Whitby and I started selling individual element samples identical or similar to the samples we use in the museum displays we build .
These are top-quality samples presented in attractive forms appropriate to the particular element .
They are for sale from Max 's website and also on eBay where you will find an ever - changing selection of samples ( click the link to see the current listings ) .
This mercury tumbler was meant to be one of those samples , but it turns out that shipping large mercury ampules is prohibitively expensive .
Until we find a solution to that problem , these tumbler machines are available only by special arrangement , and only for pickup in central Illinois .
As an added element sample bonus , the base is cast of 99.99 % pure zinc , poured in a four - part graphite mold I made with my milling machine .
The tubes are made by the local university 's glass shop , and I fill them with cleaned mercury and argon purge before flame - sealing the filling tube .
The machine rotates the tube at two revolutions per minute , allowing the mercury to pour smoothly down and over the indentations in the tube .
It 's quite lovely .
The rotation movie ( click the turntable icon in the top right of this description ) for this sample relies on the fact that the motor rotating the tube is a synchronous timing motor that runs at exactly two revolutions per minute .
The turntable I use to photograph samples from all sides uses a similar synchronous timing motor .
( See this picture of my rotation studio . )
Normally I photograph each sample in one - degree increments , taking 360 images one every five seconds as the sample takes half an hour to make one complete revolution .
For this sample I replaced the turntable motor with one that runs 6 times slower , so I could take 360 images in 30 - second intervals as the machine as whole took three hours to make a complete revolution .
The motors are locked to the frequency of the power line , and thus to each other , so the tube is in exactly the same position for each image , making it appear stationary even though it's in a position where the mercury is flowing downhill .
It makes it look like a magic fountain that flows continuously without any means for the liquid to make it back up to the top .
Source : Theodore Gray
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 24 September , 2005
Text Updated : 11 August , 2007
Price : Negotiable
Size : 6 "
Purity : > 99 %
Sample Group : RGB Samples
Dental amalgam dispenser .
This device is designed to mix a carefully measured amount of liquid mercury with a small pellet composed mostly of silver .
The mercury and pellet are automatically dispensed into a mixing egg , which you shake to mix the two ingredients .
Then you pack the resulting amalgam into someone 's tooth , assuming you 're a dentist .
It is claimed that such amalgam fillings can remain in you for decades without releasing their toxic mercury into your body .
Fine with me if you want to try it , but when I recently had to have a bunch of fillings replaced , I was happy to choose the more modern ceramic / polymer alternative .
I got this device on eBay , home of many slightly scary objects .
It came with a full pound of high grade mercury metal , in what looks like an ordinary plastic bottle such as you might find containing eye drops or something .
( A pound of mercury is very small , you see . )
Needless to say it was not shipped according to the proper packaging and labeling requirements needed to legally ship such a large quantity of mercury .
Unless , that is , there is a special exception for dental mercury , which would not surprise me one bit .
A friend who works at a chemical company complains that a dentist removing a single amalgam filling and washing it down the drain releases , legally , more mercury contamination than their entire factory is permitted to release in a month .
Reader Andrzej Kasperowicz pointed out the following fascinating videos , which show mercury vapor wafting up from a disturbed amalgam filling : http://youtube.com/watch?v=9ylnQ-T7oiA
http://iaomt.org/videos
http://youtube.com/watch?v=MfVsUuhoFWY
Kind of scary to see it so vividly .
He also pointed out this absolutely fascinating study , which seems to demonstrate that cell phone or MRI radiation shortly after dental work with amalgam can accelerate the release of mercury .
This is not as crazy as it might sound since the amalgam is conductive and could very well respond to radio and microwave radiation .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18819554
What I want to know is where did they find " fourteen female healthy University students who had not used mobile phones before the study " ?
Are there really that many university students in the country who have never used a cell phone ?
Seems unlikely .
And why did they all need to be female ?
Source : eBay seller kellypeterson
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 30 September , 2005
Text Updated : 18 January , 2009
Price : $ 20
Size : 6 "
Purity : > 99 %
Sample Group : Medical
Poster sample .
This is a small pool of mercury from my nearly full flask ( see above ) , carefully poured onto a black surface and lit to bring out its shape .
It appears in my Photographic Periodic Table Poster .
The sample photograph includes text exactly as it appears in the poster , which you are encouraged to buy a copy of .
Source : Dave Roberts
Contributor : daverobers
Acquired : 1 November , 2003
Text Updated : 4 May , 2007
Price : Donated
Size : 2 "
Purity : 99.9 %
Thermostat switch .
This is a small self - contained thermal switch :
It make an electrical contact when the temperature rises above 60C .
It works by having two small wires embedded in what amounts to a simple mercury thermometer .
When the column of mercury reaches the second wire , the connection is made .
Why build a switch this way rather than use a bi-metallic strip such as is used in common household thermostats , or an electronic sensor ?
Well , it 's much more accurate than the bi-metallic strip , and it was probably made before electronic sensors were practical .
( And even now , it 's much simpler and probably more reliable than an electronic system .
I do n't know if switches like this are still made or commonly used today . )
Source : eBay seller tubesrus
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 16 July , 2006
Text Updated : 5 December , 2006
Price : Donated
Size : 2 "
Purity : 99.9 %
Heavy - duty relay .
Another example of the use of mercury for its ability to make and break electrical contacts .
This relay contains , safely ( I hope ! ) sealed up inside it , a considerable quantity of mercury .
( So much that you can hear and feel it sloshing around if you shake the relay . )
Magnetic coils , when activated , tilt the mercury chamber back and forth to roll the mercury onto or off of the electrical contacts .
Of course it relies on gravity , so it has to be mounted in the correct vertical orientation , and it would n't work in space .
There are three identical units because this relay was meant to switch industrial three - phase power , which comes on three wires .
Source : eBay seller dr.starstone
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 20 January , 2007
Text Updated : 11 February , 2007
Price : $ 16
Size : 5 "
Purity : 99 %
Silent light switch .
The house I grew up in had switches like this one :
They look like ordinary light switches , but when you flip them , there is no snap , no click , no feeling that anything has happened , and absolutely no sound .
It just feels like you 've moved a lever that did n't do anything .
But moving that lever tilted a chamber containing a drop of mercury , tipping it onto or off of a pair of electrical contacts , and turning the light on or off .
Neat for a bedroom , but so far as I know they are no longer legal due to the mercury content .
At least I 've never seen them in a hardware store , and these are old stock from eBay .
Source : eBay seller powerpoint - electrical - sales
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 20 January , 2007
Text Updated : 11 February , 2007
Price : $ 2
Size : 4 "
Purity : 99 %
Dental mercury .
Mercury is used to this very day to make dental amalgams , tooth fillings made with a mixture of mercury and zinc .
It 's claimed that the mercury stays permanently locked in the filling and poses no risk , but do you really believe that ?
Last time I had fillings I asked them to use the alternative polymer - ceramic material .
I have another sample of dental mercury which came with the necessary zinc pellets and mixing apparatus , but this bottle is much more attractive than the plastic eye dropper that came with that other one .
Reader Andrzej Kasperowicz pointed out the following fascinating videos , which show mercury vapor wafting up from a disturbed amalgam filling : http://youtube.com/watch?v=9ylnQ-T7oiA
http://iaomt.org/videos
http://youtube.com/watch?v=MfVsUuhoFWY
Kind of scary to see it so vividly .
He also pointed out this absolutely fascinating study , which seems to demonstrate that cell phone or MRI radiation shortly after dental work with amalgam can accelerate the release of mercury .
This is not as crazy as it might sound since the amalgam is conductive and could very well respond to radio and microwave radiation .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18819554
What I want to know is where did they find " fourteen female healthy University students who had not used mobile phones before the study " ?
Are there really that many university students in the country who have never used a cell phone ?
Seems unlikely .
And why did they all need to be female ?
Source : Darrell Hamilton , MD
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 16 March , 2007
Text Updated : 18 January , 2009
Price : $ 40
Size : 3 "
Purity : 99.9 %
Sample Group : Medical
Vacuum tube with mercury .
I have no idea why this vacuum tube contains beads of mercury .
If it gets hot in operation that mercury will vaporize and create a gas much better able to sustain an arc than is vacuum .
That is the function of mercury in arc lamps , and presumably that is what it 's here for as well .
Source : Max Cane
Contributor : Max Cane
Acquired : 11 August , 2007
Text Updated : 3 September , 2007
Price : Donated
Size : 5 "
Purity : >90 %
Compact fluorescent bulb .
Compact fluorescent bulbs save huge amounts of electricity .
They are several times more efficient than old tungsten filament incandescent bulbs , and if everyone switched to using them it would cut out a significant fraction of all electricity usage .
( And the light is nicer too , I think .
After using daylight spectrum compact fluorescent bulbs for several years now I find tungsten light to be depressing and dingy :
It makes everything look old , yellowed , and depressing . )
But there is one thing that worries people : Virtually all compact fluorescent bulbs contain a small amount of mercury .
In principle this means that they should not be thrown out with household trash but rather taken to special recycling points .
In reality few people know this , or act on it if they do .
Is the amount of mercury released into the environment from these bulbs a significant problem ?
Well , here 's a calculation I 'd like to see done :
If the electricity comes from coal , which also contains mercury , does the reduction in electric use , and therefore coal - generated mercury , equal the amount of mercury in the bulb ?
My guess is probably not , the bulb has more mercury , but on the other hand the coal - generated mercury is released in vapor form into the air we breath , while the bulb mercury generally ends up buried where it does less harm .
Combined with all the other benefits of reduced electricity usage , it 's hard to argue against compact fluorescent bulbs on environmental grounds .
However , if one breaks in your house , there is something to be said for cleaning it up carefully , and in way that does n't spread dust ( i.e. with a wet paper towel , not a vacuum cleaner ) .
Source : Hardware Store
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 8 March , 2008
Text Updated : 8 March , 2008
Price : $ 2
Size : 5 "
Purity : < 0.1 %
Ceramic mercury jug .
Mercury is not something you want to spill : Cleanup of a large mercury spill can be hugely expensive because it can get into the smallest places , and it 's toxic enough that every last trace needs to be removed .
So I 'd say a fragile ceramic bottle would be about the last place I 'd want to store 10 pounds or more of mercury , which is why this one is going to stay as empty as it arrived .
In modern times bulk quantities of mercury are stored in iron cylinders that look at lot like compressed gas cylinders and are completely unbreakable .
Source : eBay seller ultimatecollectibles19
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 14 June , 2008
Text Updated : 14 June , 2008
Price : $ 6
Size : 8 "
Purity : 0 %
1000W Metal halide bulb .
This is a huge 1000W light bulb ( about a foot long ) .
The high efficiency of metal halide bulbs means that it gives off as much light as a 3-4000W incandescent bulb would :
This is a seriously bright light !
It goes in some lights I have in the yard next to my lake , which I got from an old gas station ( the lights , not the lake ) .
Basically they are small street lights , like you see lighting up car dealerships or , well , gas stations .
This bulb is listed under mercury because every metal halide bulb has a bit of mercury in it to form a conductive plasma for electricity to flow through .
In addition to mercury a variety of rare earth metal salts and sometimes scandium are used to create a pleasing spectrum of light .
Source : Hardware Store
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 1 December , 2008
Text Updated : 18 January , 2009
Price : $ 90
Size : 12 "
Purity : < 1 %
Sample Group : Light Bulbs
Old mercury batteries .
These are 4V mercury batteries of a type that is no longer available .
Somewhat alarmingly a quick web search turned up a memo from a pace maker manufacturer advising people that these batteries , used in their products , were no longer available and warning people not to use similar 4.5V batteries instead , as they would damage the pacemaker and cause it to operate outside of its proper " output voltage amplitude " .
Ouch .
The memo further advises people to send their pacemakers in to be modified for use with 9V batteries instead .
Although these are external , rather than implanted , pacemakers , one still has to wonder how exactly a person is meant to mail in the pacemaker that is keeping their heart beating .
What are they supposed to do , beat on their chest for a week or two until the unit is returned ?
Honey !- thump - is - thump - the - thump - mail - thump - here - thump -yet - thump ?
As you can see there is one small , bare cell along with the three batteries , each of which contains three of those cells .
Technically " battery " means multiple cells put together .
A typical AA , C , or D battery is not really a battery at all but rather a single cell .
9V batteries , on the other hand , are genuine batteries because they contain 6 individual cells inside .
Source : Alec Wright
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 1 December , 2008
Text Updated : 2 December , 2008
Price : $ 3
Size : 2 "
Purity : < 20 %
Tuna fish .
All fish contains mercury , and the larger , older , and fattier the fish is , the more mercury it 's likely to have .
Canned albacore tuna is big and old , though not terribly fatty , so it likely has an intermediate amount of mercury .
Whether you think this is a problem depends on whether you trust the fish industry or the government less .
Please note ( especially if you are a StarKist corporate lawyer ) that I am not singling out this particular brand of tuna fish as having more mercury than any other , it 's just what I found at my local store .
In fact , it 's the kind I eat quite a bit of .
Source : Walmart
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 8 February , 2009
Text Updated : 8 February , 2009
Price : $ 2
Size : 4 "
Purity : < 0.001 %
Frozen mercury fish .
A fish made of solid mercury .
Yes , solid mercury :
If you cool it with liquid nitrogen , mercury becomes an ordinary solid metal very much like tin .
Shot by Mike Walker and I for my Popular Science column .
Source : Theodore Gray
Contributor : Theodore Gray
Acquired : 16 April , 2009
Text Updated : 17 April , 2009
Price : Donated
Size : 5 "
Purity : 99 %
Mercury thermostat .
This is a mercury tilt switch thermostat of a type that was very common until quite recently .
A bi-metallic strip coils and uncoils in response to changes in temperature , causing a glass ampule containing mercury to tip left or right , making or breaking a contact .
Source : Chris Anderson
Contributor : Chris Anderson
Acquired : 13 January , 2010
Text Updated : 13 January , 2010
Price : Donated
Size : 4 "
Purity : 99 %
Double - switch thermostat .
This is a mercury tilt switch thermostat that contains two separate mercury tilt switches , one that tilts on when it gets too cold and one that tilts on when it gets too hot .
This lets you set the heating and cooling systems to different temperatures .
Source : Chris Anderson
Contributor : Chris Anderson
Acquired : 13 January , 2010
Text Updated : 13 January , 2010
Price : Donated
Size : 7 "
Purity : 99 %
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday 24 April 2009
A feature , published in 2006 , in which the writer , Erwin James , recounted his experiences in the Foreign Legion contained information that was untrue .
James was in the Foreign Legion for a time but his claim to have served with one of its regiments in Beirut in the summer of 1982 was false and a paragraph , which purported to describe his experiences there , was fiction .
He did not join the Foreign Legion until the end of 1982 , by which time his regiment had returned from Beirut .
The article also suggested that James accompanied his regiment on missions to Djibouti and the Central African Republic .
While these were regular regiment duties , James did not go there .
He did , as he said in the piece , go to Chad .
In a more recent article James said he joined the Foreign Legion in 1981 .
That was also untrue .
In both articles , we should have made clear that names and / or nationalities of some individuals had been changed so that they could not be identified ( Legion of honour , 13 January 2006 , page 8 , G2 , and ' God help anyone who weakened ' : my life in the French Foreign Legion , 25 February 2009 , page 2 , G2 ) .
The readers ' editor will write about this in her weekly column on 27 April 2009 ) .
' You are legionnaires in order to die - and I am sending you where you can die . "
So said General François de Negrier during what might be termed a motivational address to a combat - bound troop of the French Foreign Legion in December 1883 .
Now that the Légion Étrangère is largely integrated with the French army , such an address would not be tolerated .
But this week 's reports of bullying and abuse of recruits should not be read as a departure from the old philosophy and tradition .
Forging units of rigidly disciplined soldiers programmed to obey orders even when the odds are insurmountable is a challenging task .
Inflicting discomfort on those who do not measure up has always been an effective way to " encourager les autres " .
I remember this well from my own basic training with the legion in the winter of 1981 .
Castelnaudary barracks in the south of France was a hive of activity , most of which was geared to maximising physical endurance .
Everywhere you looked , young men were running , marching , engaged in unarmed combat , jumping to orders , being screamed at in French , the only language permitted .
And God help anyone who weakened .
I remember a young German named Traber who had been struggling with the demands of the training regime for a while .
At 5 am each morning we would leave the barracks for a five - mile run .
The hill at the end was a killer .
Traber decided he was n't going to do it .
Twice while running he 'd vomited .
Suddenly he picked up speed , ran to the head of the group and spoke to our commander , Adjudant Piaget .
" Mon adjudant , " said Traber .
" S'il vous plait .
I would like to leave the legion . "
Piaget turned his head slightly , enough for us to see the rage in his face .
His expression was that of a snarling wolf .
" Dégagé ! " he yelled .
Traber hesitated .
" But mon adjudant . . . "
Before the tired trainee could say any more Piaget swung the full force of his upper body behind a right hook that crashed against the side of Traber 's head .
The young German spun like a top into the road .
A corporal went to assist him .
" Negative ! " screamed Piaget .
He said nobody sent us invitations to join the legion and that anyone who no longer wanted to be a legionnaire should leave " immediatement " .
As a group we lowered our heads and kept on running .
We never saw Traber again .
• Erwin James is writing a book called Legion of Honour , based on his experiences in the French Foreign Legion .
· This article was amended on Wednesday February 25 2009 .
General de Negrier 's first name is François , not Françoise .
Also , Castelnaudary was misspelled and a timing was given at 5 pm in the morning , rather than 5 am .
These errors have been corrected .
He travelled to all the distant parts of Russian Empire .
This is for example a dweller of Turkmenia , now Turkmenistan .
Camels were the common way of transportation for cargo even when trains were introduced to locals by Russian government .
We had already before some photos of this photographer , who managed to make color photos of Russia 100 years ago in 1900 - 1910 .
It ’s amazing to see the life back there in full color .
He had a special task to travel across all the Russian Empire ( that ’s how Russia was called that times before Communism ) and make thousands of such photos for a Royal Depositary .
So he made literary thousands of color photos of Russia 100 years ago .
These are owners of Military Factory on Ural , region close to Siberia .
Mill - houses made of unpainted wood , which became gray after many rains .
That ’s a middle of the summer in Siberia .
That ’s a first tea manufacturing factory located near the Batumi , nowadays Georgia , on the shore of the Black Sea .
It was the major supplier of tea to all the Russian Empire .
This is a market in Samarkand , he sells silk and wool fabrics together with some traditional middle east carpets .
On the top of his trading place one can see a page from Koran in the frame .
That ’s another seller from the same marketplace in Samarkand , he sells melons .
He wears traditional cloths .
Samarkand was part of Russia at that time .
That ’s a steel factory , founded in 1747 between Ekaterinburg and Chelyabinsk cities , in Ural , close to Siberia , in the region rich with steel ore .
At the moment when the photo was made there were working more than 3,000 people at this factory .
And this is steel ore mining .
This particular mine was a family owned business , one of many other suppliers of steel ore to that factory above .
Literary all the family was involved in extracting of the ore .
This is a fall of 1909 , depicts the peasants who are on the break from the crop collecting job .
The photo is made near Cherepovec , a city which lies North from Moscow .
Those are Greek migrants from Greece working at tea collection , on the east shore of the Black Sea .
In this region of Russia there was a big group of people from Greece .
The most warm regions of Russian Empire at that time were on the shores of the Black Sea , thanks to the mild climate in those regions some Southern sorts of plants , like tea or cotton , could be grown there .
That is the old man of Samarkand holds some birds he just has caught .
From time to time we would post more of this outstanding photographer together with descriptive comments .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Bank regulators closed two small banks on Friday , the first U.S. banks to fail this year but the latest in an upsurge that began last year as the struggling economy and falling home prices took their toll on financial institutions .
A woman counts $ 100 bills in this undated file photo .
REUTERS / Files
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp said National Bank of Commerce of Berkeley , Illinois and Bank of Clark County of Vancouver , Washington were closing with other banks taking over their insured deposits .
In 2008 , 25 banks were seized by officials , up from just 3 in 2007 .
National Bank had $ 430.9 million in assets and $ 402.1 million in deposits , with Republic Bank of Chicago assuming its insured deposits , the FDIC said .
Republic Bank will also purchase $ 366.6 million in assets at a discount of $ 44.9 million , it added .
Umpqua Bank , a subsidiary of Umpqua Holdings Corp , agreed to assume insured deposits of the Bank of Clark County , which had $ 446.5 million in assets and $ 366.5 million in deposits , the FDIC said .
The FDIC insures up to $ 250,000 per account through 2009 and individual retirement accounts at insured banks .
But Bank of Clark County had about $ 39.3 million in uninsured deposits in 138 accounts that may exceed the insured limit , the FDIC said .
It added that “ is likely to change once the FDIC obtains additional information from these customers . ”
Bank of Clark County will reopen on Tuesday as branches of Umpqua Bank .
The FDIC said customers at National Bank should continue to use existing branches until Republic Bank can fully integrate National ’s deposit records .
Customers at both National Bank and Bank of Clark County can access their money over the weekend by check , teller machine or debit card , the FDIC said .
National Bank ’s failure will cost the FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund $ 97.1 million while Bank of Clark County ’s failure will cost between $ 120 and $ 145 million , it said .
During the current financial crisis , Seattle - based lender Washington Mutual became the biggest bank to fail in the U.S. history .
It was closed in September while suffering from losses from soured mortgages and liquidity problems .
The FDIC agency also has a running tally of problem banks that its examiners closely monitor .
At the end of the third quarter , 171 undisclosed institutions were on that list .
More details on Friday 's bank failures are posted on the FDIC 's websitehere and here .
It is another nail in the coffin of using ocean fertilisation to cool the planet .
Early results from the latest field experiment suggest the technique will fail .
“ I think we are seeing the last gasps of ocean iron fertilisation as a carbon storage strategy , ” says Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution at Stanford University .
Earlier this month , the controversial Indian - German Lohafex expedition fertilised 300 square kilometres of the Southern Atlantic with six tonnes of dissolved iron .
The iron triggered a bloom of phytoplankton , which doubled their biomass within two weeks by taking in carbon dioxide from the seawater .
Dead bloom particles were then expected to sink to the ocean bed , dragging carbon along with them .
Instead , the bloom attracted a swarm of hungry copepods .
The tiny crustaceans graze on phytoplankton , which keeps the carbon in the food chain and prevents it from being stored in the ocean sink .
Researchers from the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research reported that the copepods were in turn eaten by larger crustaceans called amphipods , which serve as food for squid and fin whales .
Advertisement
No diatoms
The grazing effect had not been seen in previous fertilisation experiments .
These had caused blooms of diatoms , a type of phytoplankton that is protected against grazers by a hard shell of silica .
But the Lohafex experiment did not trigger a diatom bloom because there was little silicic acid available in the water for diatoms to build their shells from .
Lohafex researchers say the results suggest that using iron fertilisation to increase the ocean carbon sink would rely on a complex chain of events , making it difficult to control .
The Southern Ocean is thought to be the planet ’s largest ocean carbon sink .
But most of the northern half of the region is low on silicic acid , ruling it out as an option for carbon fertilisation .
The researchers tried to provoke a second bloom by fertilising the same patch of ocean three weeks later , with no success – most probably because the water was already saturated in iron .
“ It seems that if it is possible to fertilise enough ocean to make a difference to climate , we would need to turn vast ocean ecosystems into giant plankton farms , ” says Caldeira .
More experiments
Another problem with ocean fertilisation is that encouraging the oceans to absorb carbon dioxide boosts their acidity .
A US commercial company called Climos has been planning a separate fertilisation trial for later this year .
“ We look forward to seeing the Lohafex results in more detail , however this certainly does not change our plans to facilitate a larger scale experiment under more favourable nutrient conditions , ” CEO Dan Whaley told New Scientist .
In previous interviews Whaley has said that Climos could one day seek to sell carbon offset credits similar to those offered by tree planting schemes .
However , the International Maritime Organization ‘s London Convention is in the process of drafting international regulation for ocean fertilisation activities .
Early discussions suggest it is not in favour of commercial fertilisation schemes .
Josh Freese might spend a lot more time poolside if his bizarre marketing stunt for his new album pays off .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.comAUSTIN , Texas – Drummer Josh Freese 's musical skills have landed him gigs with major bands , but his marketing genius has generated a huge buzz about his coming solo release .
Freese , who 's recorded on hundred of albums and played with top acts like Nine Inch Nails , Devo and A Perfect Circle , roped in famous friends to offer extravagant , limited - edition packages to hawk alongside his new record , Since 1972 , which will be released Tuesday .
For example , you can download a free song or buy the digital download of the whole record for $ 7 .
But $ 20,000 will get you a signed CD / DVD , plus you get to play miniature golf with Freese , singer Maynard James Keenan from Tool and Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo .
After the outing , Freese promises to " drop you off on the side of the freeway ( all filmed and posted on YouTube ) . "
At a time when the music biz is struggling to come up with special - edition collectibles to spur sales , Freese has cranked the " freemium " concept to 11 with a wacky and creative tiered pricing system that he maintains is " 100 percent " serious .
Wired.com caught up with the California drummer / marketing whiz during the South by Southwest music festival in Austin to discuss the genesis of the idea and what surprises might lurk inside his closet .
Wired.com :
Is this for real ?
__Freese : __I am serious .
This is n't a joke , you know ?
You have n't been had – this is all readily available .
__Wired.com : __How did you come up with these ideas ?
Freese :
Six months ago , my pal says to me – he 's sitting at his desk and he goes , we were laughing about how many records I sold last week or the week before ... " last week you sold one , and the week before you sold two , and the week before you sold none , and the week before one . "
And I was like , " OK , I get it ....
Maybe I should call those people and personally thank them . "
And we started laughing .
It was like , " Yeah , maybe you should offer a free drum lesson . "
I was like , " Well , maybe I should just take them to lunch . "
And we started laughing about that – it really came up that easily .
And I was like ,
" Wow , this could be a great idea . "
__Wired.com : __The packages are pretty outrageous and funny .
__Freese : __Really , the bottom line for me is , " How am I going to market this myself – literally , just myself , no marketing team , no company – on the internet to have people know that I 've got a record coming out and talk about it .
So exactly what I wanted to happen has happened , which is a bunch of people have taken notice of the fact that Josh Freese has a record coming out .
I 'm putting my record out myself .
I 've got a name that 's attached to bands but I 'm not a celebrity or a success like Trent Reznor [ whose tiered pricing for Nine Inch Nails ' Ghosts was ] obviously a very serious endeavor , and more realistic with the pricings of things .
Can you trust these eyes ?
Freese says he 's 100 percent serious about the crazy package deals he 's peddling alongside his new album , Since 1972 .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.comSuch a Deal !
Highlights of Freese 's packages :
$ 7 : Digital download of * Since 1972 *( including three videos )
$ 15 : CD / DVD double - disc set , plus digital download
$ 50 : CD / DVD double - disc set , T - shirt and five - minute " thank you " phone call from Freese for buying the record .
$ 250 : ( limited edition of 25 ) : Add a lunch date with Freese to P.F. Chang 's or The Cheesecake Factory .
$ 500 ( limited edition of 15 ) : Float with Freese in a sensory - deprivation tank and get dinner at Sizzler .
__
$ 2,500 ( limited edition of 5 ) : __Take three items of your choice out of Freese 's closet ( first come , first serve ) .
$ 5,000 ( limited edition of 3 ) : Stone Gossard from Pearl Jam will send you a letter telling you about his favorite song on Since 1972 .
$ 10,000 ( limited edition of 1 ) : Freese takes you and guest to Disneyland and gives you his Volvo station wagon .
__$ 20,000 ( limited edition of 1 ) : __Maynard James Keenan , Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo and Freese take you miniature golfing and then drop you off on the side of the freeway ( all filmed and posted on YouTube ) .
__$ 75,000 ( limited edition of 1 ) : __Take shrooms and cruise Hollywood in Tool drummer Danny Carrey 's Lamborghini .
Wired.com :
You 've gotten a huge publicity bump .
__Freese : __Every interview I 've done and everything , it 's all based around the price tier , for better or worse .
The good thing is people are talking about it , but it 's like , " OK , my record 's a good record , you know , and I 'm proud of it .... "
It 's gotten to the point where it's
[ almost overshadowing the music ] .
It is a great story , I think , so I guess I 'm kidding myself to not think that people would n't want to talk about it , you know what I mean ?
I 'm askin ' for it .
Wired.com :
What 's been the response so far ?
__Freese : __I 've had folks ranging from people hitting me up on
MySpace going , " I want the $ 50 phone call " or " I want to go have lunch at P.F. Chang 's " to a few people who have discussed the more serious packages , but no one 's officially taken me up on it .
A friend of mine knows a big advertising agency out of Portland , and they said they want to buy , like , a $ 5,000 one where I write songs about their agency and put 'em up on iTunes .
Wired.com :
It seems possible people might actually go for the more elaborate packages .
__Freese : __Who knows ?
The band Fallout Boy , I have not talked to them directly and I 've never met them , but a friend of mine works for them , said , " Oh , the guys in Fallout Boy , they were talking about your record .
They 're so stoked about your promotion , they want to buy the
$ 75,000 package and have you join the band for a month and make a concept record with them and have you write a whole record about the band Fallout Boy . "
Wired.com :
How long did it take to cook up these wild ideas ?
__Freese : __Not to pat myself on the back , but I put a lot of thought into it ....
I have my short list of funny , smart - ass friends that I consult about things .
Guys in [ my band ]
The Vandals , guys from Devo , one of my buddies from The Dwarves – funny , sharp characters ....
I did n't tell anybody about it , because ... I was like , " Man , I do n't want anybody knowing about this .
I do n't even want my close friends knowing about it , " because it's that whole " they tell one person , they tell one person , " and the next thing you know ...
Wired.com :
The secret 's blown .
__Freese : __'Cause my record was n't ready to come out yet .
I was six months away from putting it out .
My friend that manages a pretty popular band , even a couple months ago , said to me , " When 's your record coming out , ' cause these guys have a record coming out , " this popular band that he manages , and he goes , " I
want to use [ your idea ] . "
I 'm going , " You motherfucker !
Do n't you dare . "
He was just messing with me in an e-mail .
He goes , " No , I would n't steal that from you , I 'm just kind of fucking with you , but come on – get it out already . "
Wired.com : Did you have any help with the list ?
__Freese :
__It would 've gone quicker if I sat with a little think tank of friends of mine , but I really did it on my own ....
I 'd say out of the 50 different things , or 70 different things that are for sale , I might not have come up with maybe two or three of them .
[ The rest ] were mine .
Wired.com : Did you clear these packages with your friends who are involved ?
__Freese : __I called Mark Mothersbaugh , I called Maynard , Danny
Carrey from Tool , Stone Gossard from Pearl Jam , you know : " Hey , are you willing to write three letters if people buy 'em ? "
Wired.com : Seems like you had a blast getting creative with the different deals .
__Freese : __I was cracking myself up doing that stuff .
I mean , coming up with those things ?
I was loving it , man .
I was cracking myself up , and I was really hoping that people would pick up on it and people would spread it around the way they did .
It was a nice success already in that way .
Wired.com :
What do you think will happen when the packages are officially available Tuesday ?
__Freese : __I hope it translates into some sort of sales .... [ but ]
I 'm not kidding myself .
When I came up with these , like , someone goes , " Man , do you really need money or something ? "
It 's like , if I really needed money – well of course , we all need money , right ?
– but if I really was wanting to make money , I would make them a lot less [ expensive ] than I did , because I really – put it this way , I 'll be floored if someone buys the top package .
I 'll be completely shocked .
Wired.com :
You could rake in quite a haul .
__Freese : __Setting those prices so ridiculously high worked to get attention in a humorous way ....
People that know me , and people that do n't know me , go : " This guy 's got a record coming out .
Here 's his website . "
If it means they get directed to my website and they spend seven bucks to buy the album ?
Great .
I could n't really ask for much more than that – except for maybe 20 grand to give you a tour of
Disneyland .
Wired.com :
Tell us a little bit about your music .
__Freese : __I start feeling pretentious , pondering , " What does my music sound like ? "
It 's just dumb rock ' n ' roll music , you know what I mean ?
Wired.com :
You play all the instruments on the record , right ?
__Freese : __For the most part ....
I 'll give you a good example , let me think : Song No.1 , all me , all the instruments , all vocals , everything , written by me .
Song No. 2 – all me , everything , solo .
Song
No. 3 , all me up until the guitar solo .
Any guitar solos you hear on the record where it sounds like one note , sounds like Meg White playing guitar – that 's me .
Any real guitar solo where a guitar comes in and you go , " Fuck , that sounds awesome ! " – that 's not me .
Wired.com :
Any worries about any of the offerings ?
__Freese : _ _[ My girlfriend and I are ] scared about this package going on sale for different reasons .
I 'm scared that nobody 's going to buy any of them , and she 's scared that I 'm going to have to go to The
Cheesecake Factory like 25 days in a row .
She 's like , " You shoulda set the Cheesecake Factory / P.F.
Chang 's thing a little higher , because people are going to take you up on that . "
Wired.com :
That could be brutal .
__Freese : __I love P.F. Chang's .
And the funny thing is , it 's so uncool to mention it ....
That one made me laugh really hard .
Wired.com :
One of the packages lets the buyer take whatever they want out of your closet .
Anything in particular you do n't want to lose ?
__Freese : __They can't take stuff out of my girlfriend 's side of the closet .
But who knows ?
If I have one jacket that I really do n't want to part with , maybe that 'll be the jacket I 'm wearing that day .
Wired.com : Tricky .
You do n't have anything hidden in the back of the closet ?
__Freese : __You might find a little midget like in the R. Kelly video , trapped in the closet .
You might find a little black midget with a cherry pie .
See also :
“ You care for nothing but shooting , dogs and rat - catching , ” Robert Darwin told his son , “ and you will be a disgrace to yourself and all your family . ”
Yet the feckless boy is everywhere .
Charles Darwin gets so much credit , we ca n’t distinguish evolution from him .
Equating evolution with Charles Darwin ignores 150 years of discoveries , including most of what scientists understand about evolution .
Such as : Gregor Mendel ’s patterns of heredity ( which gave Darwin ’s idea of natural selection a mechanism  genetics  by which it could work ) ; the discovery of DNA ( which gave genetics a mechanism and lets us see evolutionary lineages ) ; developmental biology ( which gives DNA a mechanism ) ; studies documenting evolution in nature ( which converted the hypothetical to observable fact ) ; evolution ’s role in medicine and disease ( bringing immediate relevance to the topic ) ; and more .
By propounding “ Darwinism , ” even scientists and science writers perpetuate an impression that evolution is about one man , one book , one “ theory . ”
The ninth - century Buddhist master Lin Chi said , “ If you meet the Buddha on the road , kill him . ”
The point is that making a master teacher into a sacred fetish misses the essence of his teaching .
So let us now kill Darwin .
That all life is related by common ancestry , and that populations change form over time , are the broad strokes and fine brushwork of evolution .
But Darwin was late to the party .
His grandfather , and others , believed new species evolved .
Farmers and fanciers continually created new plant and animal varieties by selecting who survived to breed , thus handing Charles Darwin an idea .
All Darwin perceived was that selection must work in nature , too .
VIEWPOINT
John Feeney
Uncontrolled population growth threatens to undermine efforts to save the planet , warns John Feeney .
In this week 's Green Room , he calls on the environmental movement to stop running scared of this controversial topic .
Our inability to live as we do , at our current numbers , without causing pervasive environmental degradation is the very definition of carrying capacity overshoot
It 's the great taboo of environmentalism : the size and growth of the human population .
It has a profound impact on all life on Earth , yet for decades it has been conspicuously absent from public debate .
Most natural scientists agree our growing numbers and our unchecked impact on the natural environment move us inexorably toward global calamities of unthinkable severity .
They agree the need to address population has become desperate .
Yet many environmentalists avoid the subject , a few objecting strongly to any focus on our numbers .
Some activists insist acting to influence population growth infringes on human rights ; they maintain that it is best to leave the problem alone .
Let 's dispense with this confused notion right now .
Yes , there have been past abuses in the name of " population control " .
There have been abuses of health care and education too , but the idea of reacting by abandoning any of these causes is absurd .
We can learn from past abuses , reducing the likelihood of fresh problems arising in the future .
In fact , those working on population issues have done so .
Today , they recognise that the methods with the best track records of reducing population growth are , by their nature , respectful and promoting of human rights .
They include educating girls and women in developing countries to help empower them .
This is achieved by providing more options , using media strategies to make them aware of alternatives regarding family sizes and family planning .
Those who oppose talking about the world 's population are obstructing the further provision of such services and resources .
Last chance saloon
Fundamentally , we need to ask what is the greater threat to human welfare : the possibility that humane efforts to address population growth might be abused , or our ongoing failure to act to prevent hundreds of millions , even billions , dying as a result of global ecological collapse ?
Many now recognise the urgency with which we need to halt the human - caused degradation of Earth 's natural environment
It 's no far fetched possibility .
Increasingly , environmental scientists insist we have overshot the Earth 's carrying capacity .
I believe they are right ; the proof is everywhere .
Our inability to live as we do , at our current numbers , without causing pervasive environmental degradation is the very definition of carrying capacity overshoot .
Overshoot , we know , is followed by population decline .
As we have learned form other species , this manifests itself initially with a crash .
For humanity , this portends a potential cataclysm exceeding anything in our history .
Our chance to avert such an outcome depends on our ability to address our numbers before nature reduces them for us .
There 's no other way out .
Merely reducing per capita consumption , for instance , wo n't do it .
After all , per capita consumption levels multiply with population size to determine our total resource consumption .
Just look at the data from the Global Footprint Network group .
They estimate that we 'll remain in overshoot unless we also address population .
Solutions do not spring from silence .
We must bring population back to the centre of public discussion .
We need to break through the taboo to encourage not just a few voices but all those with relevant expertise to speak out on the subject loudly and often .
Recently I wondered what would happen if all the scientists - and everyone else considered a scholar of the population issue - spoke out all at once .
Would it help to weaken the taboo now shackling the subject , pushing it closer to centre stage ?
Would it bring the matter enough attention to begin generating new or more widespread solutions ?
Might it prompt a deeper examination of our ecological plight ?
The Global Population Speak
Out campaign has brought together over 100 voices from 19 countries , all pledging to speak out publicly on the population issue throughout the month of February , 2009 .
Many now recognise the urgency with which we need to halt the human - caused degradation of Earth 's natural environment .
Can we break down a taboo that has for years blocked the path toward that goal ?
Dr John Feeney is an environmental writer based in Boulder , Colorado , US The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with John Feeney ?
Is population growth a taboo topic among environmentalists ?
Without addressing the issue , will it be impossible to achieve sustainability ?
Or is resource consumption , rather than the number of people , the real underlying problem ?
We have had more than 1,500 comments on this article ; unfortunately this is many more than we can publish .
We have done our best to provide a representative sample of opinions .
Thanks to everyone who wrote in .
Spot on John and very brave of you and the BBC to publish .
It 's quite scary to see the comments from the people in denial .
Years ago they would have been insisting that the Earth was flat or that man had dominion over all other creatures and the stewardship of the Earth .
Well , as you said in your article , all it takes is education .
John LIlley , Watford , UK Basic arithmetic .
7 billion ( current population of small planet ) into Resources ( of small planet ) just about ' goes ' at a strain .
20 billion ( not too distant population on current trends ) into same Resources does NOT go !
Especially if each individual of future population increases its individual demand on Resources .
Result = Inhuman Death on massive scale , either naturally or via War .
Easy problem with obvious solution .
BILL , Oxfordshire
They 've been talking about population reduction of 85 % of us for quite some time , folks .
Watch out they 're coming for us , do n't let Obama take your guns .
This is n't a joke , you can laugh now but just remember that you 've been warned several times and you 'll deserve what you get .
I promise you if we do n't act soon the new world will be one that does not include you ( or your children ) .
John , Calgary , Alberta , Canada
When I was a geography student in Cambridge in the 1970s , the catchphrase ran " whatever your cause , it 's a lost cause without population control " .
Tragically that sentiment faded and was forgotten .
It was not however a racist concept .
The most populous developed countries , such as the USA and UK , are even more severely overpopulated than India , taking account of their available resources and consumption levels .
The reason the UK has a population imbalance and needs more workers is that population grew too fast after WWII .
Had a stable demographic been achieved , then a population of a little over 50 m might have achieved an optimal society : but 60 m is unsustainable and attempts to increase the economically active population by immigration or any other means is disastrous to the environment and everyone 's quality of life .
There are only two ways to resolve this problem : either open debate and education , or a global catastrophe most probably in the form of one or more pandemics .
Alan Brunstrom , Albury , NSW , Australia I disagree with most of the people on here leaving their comments .
I think that all the doom and gloom predictions by the environmentalists will not come true .
Could we all afford to cut back on our resource usage ?
Absolutely .
Does the Western world use disproportionate amounts of resources ?
Yes .
Is it going to cause an end to the world as we know it ?
I doubt it .
I am an eternal optimist , and I think that humans will be able to invent technology to combat changes due to " overpopulation " .
Necessity is the mother of invention , and when the drastic problems predicted start to happen , we as the human race will solve them .
And no one is ever going to tell me how many children I can or can't have .
At least here in America , I do n't see it happening anytime soon .
Pete Moyryla , Ruby , AK , USA Perhaps we should consider a cap - and - trade program for population .
Allow each couple a credit to have one child and they could either use it or sell it to someone else or buy additional credits from couples who choose to remain childless .
If the market is good enough for controling carbon emissions , it should be good enough for population control .
Kris , Los Angeles , CA I am damned sick and tired at the elite licking their chops at the thought of depopulating the earth by 6 billion souls , so the rest can be easily managed by them .
They keep pushing the agenda and pushing it , just like ever ready batteries .
They want us to live in austerity while they party hardy .
I say delete the elite .
Kim , Dallas Didn't Malthus say this about 200 years ago ?
What happened then ?
Humans found new sources of energy , and more efficient means of food production .
You can't assume that humans are like bacteria in a petri dish .
Bacteria do not suddenly discover oil or split the atom or build wind turbines .
In order to adapt , other species have to wait for their genes to mutate .
Humans can just invent solutions to solve problems .
This theory is not radical .
It is old - hat .
Brendan Fernandes , Brighton , UK
This is not a new ideology .. this is Malthusian Darwinian eugenics in shiny new ' green ' wrapping ... fast becoming the religion for the new age ...
Maybe those of you advocating population reduction can do your part to ' save the earth ' by volunteering first
Ivan , Los Angeles OK John , you have been granted permission by the powers that be to begin decreasing the population .
You will be going on live television , in front of a worldwide audience , to make the first choice for the gas chamber .
Who do you pick ?
Someones son ?
Daughter ?
Mother ?
Yourself ?
Do you really think that extermination ... i mean population control ... is a solution ?
Does n't it feel more like a concession ?
Do n't you think we can do better than that if we put our heads together ?
I once heard someone say that each person born is another person who can help out .
Corey , Minnesota , USA
The problem of overpopulation is compounded by the fact that ignorant and low mentality individuals typically reproduce at a much higher rate than educated individuals which results in huge populations of people who simply cannot understand why or how to practice birth control and who have no hope of being able to provide for themselves or their offsprings .
Continually providing food and resources to these bursting populations without requiring contraception only increases the suffering .
Rational and intelligent people should voluntarily reduce the size of their families and those who do not have the mental capacity to understand this need should be compelled by law .
Rhonda Richardson , Lynchburg , Va. , USA Industrialization , consumerism , and overpopulation are a reality that will be with us for a very long time , long enough , I think , that as a species intent on thriving , we will eventually have to consider the need for a new , second home .
I do n't think we will ever reduce the human population through social or individual control .
It will only ever increase , so long as medical advances increase the individual life span , and so long as the technologically enhanced lifestyle is embraced so fully by industrialized nations , used as a measure by which ' less developed ' nations are judged , and held up as the ideal to which every nation is expected to aspire .
Sooner or later , science will have to merge with what at the moment is considered science fiction .
In other words , we will need to leave the Earth , and terraform Mars , Europa , Ganymede and other planetary bodies .
And , perhaps there , learn from the mistakes made on Earth .
The irony , of course , is that it would probably be the richer , industrialized nations on Earth , who would be the first to leave .
Charles Benjamin , Edinburgh
Wow some people are extremely over - sensitive about this subject .
Stop flying off the handle people .
The author is clearly a proponent of respectful ways to address population growth such as education .
No one is talking about regulating how many babies you can have .
It seems to me that promoting education around the world on topics such as contraception would do a world of good separate and apart from their potential value as ways to combat over - population .
I certainly think it 's each family 's right to decide if they want kids and how many kids to have - but why should n't we want it to be an educated decision ?
Lincoln , Hoboken , NJ , USA
While overpopulation is obviously a problem , it is naturally a problem that solves itself .
As many commenters have pointed out , the more educated an modern a society , the lower its birth rate .
Amusingly , some people think that the negative population growth of France and Japan is a crisis , when in fact this is obviously a positive thing since these populations are contributing to the climate crisis our species will soon face MORE than the populations with positive growth .
The important thing for people to realize in this discussion is that it is important for a society to ensure that its birth rate lowers as it prospers ( as in the case of China ) , instead of letting the population naturally correct itself a generation or two after rapid economic growth when the more resource - hungry offspring will deplete the country 's resources exponentially faster , as with the Baby Boom generation in the US which is responsible not only for an embarrassingly - large portion of the US 's post - Industrial CO2 emissions , but also for an creating an impossibly - large demand for resources which has led to an increasingly imperialistic US foreign policy .
Chuck , Baltimore , USA
If people took notice to facts rather than the latest environmentalist propoganda , they 'd notice that a majority of developed countries are sitting well below the replacement rate of fertility .
That is to say , these countries are not replenishing their population .
Name a country , it is probably on that list .
Ask Russia or Spain or Italy what they think about a population explosion .
They 'll laugh at you .
A population explosion is not on the horizon , rather we 'll see population top out by 2050 and after that will begin a very steady decrease .
The real doom and gloom prospect we 're facing is a rapid increase in the average age ( caused by increasing length of life and lesser young people ) which will treble any sort of medicaire / social security / centralized healthcare problems we 're facing now .
But if we 're prepared for it , we can face it .
Do n't buy into the doom merchants with their fear tactics , the facts are clear .
Kevin , Chicago , IL , USA
In the west it best to prepare the mind before introducing fascist 1 or 2 child policies like in China .
Soon we 'll be paying for extra children like in China and only the rich will be able to breed .
Thanks for your inspiration Mao , Hitler , Marie Stopes International Optimum Population Trust ....
Alan , Ireland People do n't want to discuss population control since the negative eugenics of Nazi Germany , and the sterilizations of thousands in America in the 1920s .
We need to discuss positive eugenics options - for example in the UK perhaps you could get full child benefits for your first child , 70 % of that for your second , etc etc .
This balances between those people that have 8 kids while on benefits , and China 's one child policy that has resulted in infanticide because " the child was a girl and we need a boy "
With obvious exceptions to people that have twins , and that choose to adopt rather than bring a new kid into the world when there are already dozens out there that need a safe home .
Having children IS a right .
However , it is a right that comes with a very heavy responsibility .
Therefore it is not something that can be enforce , but something that should be encouraged .
Sara , Hampshire , UK Is n't the success of Homo sapiens built of a huge pyramid scheme .
We need a growing population to support and meet the needs of the current generation - more food , houses , cars , longevity , medicine etc - which becomes an unsustainable consumer ( in the broadest sense ) scheme .
Yes - the ' west ' is the main culprit - and yes - its a global problem - but there is no polical / economic body who can address the problem - like global warming .
So we need to take individual responsibility for our actions - its far far too easy to blame politicians - look at the current economic situation to illustrate how effective they really are .
Geoff C , Wiltshire , UK
This is not a problem caused by the poor nor by economics , although in the current world both seem to contribute to the issue .
Economics dictate that with a restricted supply , if there is more demand , then there will be a rise in cost .
If population increases , and supplies peak , which is inevitable , the increase in demand will increase the cost of survival .
As poorer countries will have less ability to acquire food in a directly competitive market , those will be hit hardest .
The problem may not be solely caused by poor , but they will indefinitely suffer for it .
Universal responsibility is needed to prevent a world where the rich can afford food and the poor can not .
If you are personally one of the developed world and think you will be fine since you can provide for your own , think about whether or not starving people will sit idly by while others have and they do not .
It is a considerable possibility that the bloodiest wars that will ever be on the earth will not be over wealth or oil , but over food and water .
Consider that tragedy when you plan for your future
Chance Holzwart , Salinas , California , United States of America
Yes this is the only topic worthy of our attention because all others spring from it .
I applaud John 's speak out .
7 billion can be wrong , very wrong
Don , South Island , New Zealand your article highlights one area where greater liberty would lead to reduced population growth , namely gender equality , the other two areas of freedom are :- acceptance of contraception for all and acceptance of homosexual relationships without moral restriction imposed by any organisations i.e. freedom for individuals to make their own moral decisions - excessive population growth will lead to increased resource depletion , food shortages , inadequate sanitation and health care plus confrontation over a lack of resources fuelled by protectionism ...... and there you have it - war , famine and pestilence ..... with some organisations insisting that contraception is morally corrupt , descriminating against women and objecting fiercely to homosexual relationships , surely that is just fuelling a self - fulfilling prophecy .... oh well " the line broke , the monkey got choked and we all went to heaven in a little row boat , clap , clap "
deke , cardiff , wales Consumption is only part of the problem , humans breed at an alarming rate , and as medicine improves so does survival of our species .
Third world contries continue to be over populated and live in squalid conditions , unable to sustain themselves in any way , dependent on weathier nations to support them .
The western world consumes because its rich and it can , but it seems to me that whenever anyone from a " poor " country gets the chance to do the same , they do it .
Its not because of any moral stance that people in the developing world consume less , they just do n't have the funds .
Those funds are in the hands of a very few , who certainly have no problems living it up .
Is there a problem with a declining population in western countries , I do n't think so , that is what immigration is for .
As to consumption , it is up to the individual to cut down , its up to our governments to regulate their industries .
People in the west are n't lazy , in fact it seems that many work too much so that they can afford all their over packaged , cheaply made , non-recyclable , luxuries .
All the while we watch as our society falls into disarray as we let our luxury items raise our children , a job that seems that they are doing rather badly .
A. surette , Montreal , Canada Certainly , population is one factor in the equation .
The equation being : Total resources used = Population x resources used per capita .
Industrialized nations such as US and UK use 10 times as much energy per capita , and 50 times as much paper per capita when compared to developing countries , such as India .
Since , it is very difficult for people in industrialized nations to give up their lifestyle , I encourage them to decrease their population .
Amit , Delhi , India
The silence on population growth has been going on too long and with terrible consequences .
We now have about 4 billion more people then in 1950 and we are project to have 9.2 billion by 2050 .
The next question however , is not simply is rapid population growth a problem for environmental sustainability , the next question is what reduces average family size ?
The answer is clear ; there is a huge unmet need for family planning around the world and approximately 40 % of births worldwide are unintended .
The sooner we create a world where every woman can choose when and if to have a child , the sooner we will reach sustainable population
Kate Bedford , San Francisco , CA USA
My gosh , yet another crises which demands that I give up more liberty ?
The hits just keep on coming .
Scott Fox ,
Anyone supporting this idea should consider joining Optimum Population Trust , and supporting charities like IPPF and Marie Stopes International
Roger Plenty , Stroud I am utterly shocked by some peoples comments proposing a drastic human population reduction as the solution for problems that mostly exist in parts of the world they have never seen or cared for .
What about resource mismanagement ?
What about the fact that we have today the technology to feed and raise the quality of life of 2nd and 3rd world countries thus diminishing the birth rate drastically to levels similar to those of developped countries ?
And this " Something needs to be done urgently before millions starve . "
AH !
I almost ripped my eyes out .
How about the millions that die already of starvation YEARLY in most second and third world countries ?
Do you people even know what you 're talking about ?
Go read books ffs .
Human overpopulation is a symptom and most of you do n't want to adress the causes .
Mathieu Funkle , Canada
I 've been wondering about this particular " elephant in the room " for a while .
Population increasing logarithmically and infinite growth is not possible so there is going to be a serious problem at some point , probably now .
My wife and I have agreed it would be increadibly irrisponsible to add to the worlds already outrageous population level although it has always been our disire to have children , not that it will matter .
However necessary it may be , population will never be controlled by human will , only by war , disease , and famine .
If you doubt me ask yourself this question , " Am I willing to have no children in order to actually address this problem , or am I a hypocrite ? "
If you do n't think population is at the center of all our problems here on earth , your wrong .
Think about it .
Seth Brodie , California , USA Perhaps we should move our reference to another species .
Bees .
In a summer hive , if there is enough food , there are 50,000 bees .
After a cold , bitter winter , my hive has 10,000 .
Dead bees litter the entrance .
If I put too many hives in a area with insufficient food then the bees become weak .
In a cold winter mites and fungal disease further weaken the hive .
More bees die .
In spring I have an empty hive .
So we have a choice .
Intelligent design or natural selection .
In this discussion , the religious crowd appear to be heading for natural selection .
Bernard Newland , Portland , Oregon , USA
It is very unfortunate that the basically racist notion that population increase is responsible for most problems on earth is making a come back .
The economy is expanding many many times faster than the population - economic growth poses a far greater threat than population growth .
As long as the rich consume wastefully , they have no moral right to preach to the poor to reduce population !
In any case , as long as we dont reduce consumption , reducing population wont help .
To understand why , imagine a garden with 99 cacti and 1 lotus plant in a pond - most of the water requirements of this garden arises from the consumption of the lotus - no matter how many cactus you eliminate , the total consumption is not going to change till the lotus is trained to live on less water - the same holds for the world .
No matter how many less poor Indian or poor Chinese or poor African we have , it is not going to change the total CO2 emmision or energy consumption till people of USA and to a slightly lesser extent Europe ( and the rich in the poor counties too ) revise their life - styles and consumption patterns .
Moony Shen , Marseille , France Overpopulation has been a taboo subject , but needs to be addressed .
The carrying capacity of the Earth has been exceeded and the human population will lessen with time .
We have no choice concerning this .
The only choice we have is to either let things go as they are now and face horrible famines the world has never seen before , with accompanying wars , mass migrations , etc .
Alternatively , we can control our population worldwide and reduce our numbers via family planning .
The record of our species does n't look encouraging .
Humans , like most species , will simply use all resources available to increase in numbers until the resources are gone and starvation and disease lower the population density .
I hope this will not be the mechanism by which our numbers are reduced .
Rodney , Baltimore USA
A huge thank you for finally bringing this to a mass audiance !
When ever I mention over population in conversation I get shouted down by women screaming " It 's my RIGHT to have a child ! "
It 's no one 's right to have a child .
It 's a natural process .
I have chosen not to have them because I will not be a hypocrit but we are doomed it we do not do something to limit the future population .
I do n't mean in a Nazi superior race way but in a senseable we must do this or we will drive ourselves to extintion way .
Susan , London UK
I do n't think human population is going " off - hand " .
Nature is a feedback machine .
Whatever we input , we get the proportionate output .
It is in the very " nature " of nature to survive itself .
If something in its machinery is detrimental ( like the human population burst ) , it will find an alternate by itself .
We , on the other hand feel irrational enough not to be guilty on our tampering , should just accept our rewards ( diseases , natural disasters , etc . )
It is the self realization that plays a crucial role .
But no human have any control on his fellows .
Let us just be the way we believe to be right , and accept silently , the rewards ..
God bless you all ..
Amen ..
Ahamed , Chennai , India Surely it 's quite natural for the population of man to fluctuate according to environmental conditions .
This is what happens to all species .
If I were to try to set goals for mankind I do n't suppose that " having the maximum number of people " would be one of them .
As long as mankind survives , is there a problem ?
I 'm not sure this is an issue at all .
Jim , Herefordshire
This is most definately an issue that needs to be discussed .
Women ( and some men ) need to realise that actually no , they do not have some almighty " right " to have children .
Just last week a woman in the USA gave birth to octuplets , even though she already had six other children .
This did not happen naturally , but through that wonder of modern medicine , IVF .
My fiancé and I would of course love to have children through the usual means , but we have already decided that if nature denies us that option then we will adopt , period .
There is much we can offer a child , and many children out there to whom we could offer it .
Raising a family is about more than mere genetics , it is about passing on standards and ideals , and the above might be a good one to start with .
Steven , Manchester , UK Deep space is deep enough for all of us , why not go there ?
Pieter Vermeersch , Dendermonde , Belgium Absolutely right .
We MUST control our population .
It 's a no brainer .
If we value human life , if we want quality of life , we cannot breed in plague proportions .
And why is it that those who exercise restraint are always the ones asked to bail out peoples who do n't ?
Russell Hicks , Caterham , UK With all due respect , John Feeney 's view is hypocritical .
Population is in decline in many parts of the western world like France , Germany and Japan .
How can a western thinker lecture the world on population and environment when a )
The population in many western societies is in dangerous decline , b) Western populations are buoyed by immigration from other societies , and c ) Western societies are the biggest consumers of resources and manufactured products in this world .
( Products that are sourced globally I might add ) .
Sadly , the developed world has never known wealth of the masses like the West has .
Global poverty has never been eradicated .
The placing of population and environment on the global agenda is clearly a western agenda prompted in part by the preeminent rise of emerging economies like China and India whose resultant potential for consumption the West fears .
Is n't it time for the West to admit that it is underestimating the need for procreation within its own borders and over estimating the consumption of peoples in the developing world ?
Is n't it time the West was careful who it lectured to ?
Yehuda Newman , Modiin , Israel Taking per capita CO2 emmissions , per capita water or energy comsumption or any similar index , a person in such countries like USA , UK or Autralia has a negative impact on the environment 10 to 20 times that of a Haitian , an Ethiopian or an Indonesian .
Furthermore , much of the deforestation in third world countries is carried out to meet the the demand of rich countries for such commodities like meat , soya and palm oil .
Carlos Veloso , Brasília , Brazil
For anyone who does not understand the validity of John Feeney 's concern , try conducting this simple experiment at home or in the lab ...
Ingredients : 1 . ) Petri dish 2 . )
Warm water / nutrient mix 3 . ) Bacteria Process : 1 . ) Pour the water / nutrient mix into petri dish .
2 . ) Introduce a small sample of bacteria on the dish .
3 . ) Wait 4 . )
Behold the brilliant explosion of life 5 . )
Behold the fast apocalypse
The bacteria have 3 main problems :
First they are greedy .
They do not save any resources for the future and they consume as much as possible to benefit in the short run .
Second , they have no sustainable resources .
As they consume they deplete , until there is nothing left .
Third , there are no restraints on reproduction .
In a finite space , when each bacteria reproduces to its fullest capacity and there are no natural predators , the population will naturally implode on itself .
In a sense the bacteria become their own worst enemy .
We are only different from the bacteria in the petri dish in that we have an ability to make predictions based on observed patterns in the natural world .
If we are to survive , we must learn how to balance our space , resources , population and waste in the small petri- dish - of - a- planet we call Earth .
Matt , Stockholm , Sweden
This article forgets to mention that overpopulation is only a problem in developing countries .
Increasing wealth , better education , family planning and women 's rights are all indispensable measures that will " naturally " lower natality .
All these measures are , in a large proportion , the role of the government .
Unfortunately , as we all know , that is the weak point of all developing countries .
So let us concentrate on our own problems , namely a natality rate that is too low and needs to be stimulated by correct welfare measures to help parents be able to lead an active life as well as a responsable parenthood .
Dimitri M. , Switzerland
There is no overpopulation ' problem ' , except in the eyes of eugenicists and the dominant elite who control the media .
Stop insulting our intelligence with this malthusian rubbish .
Climate change is a fraud based on junk science to push more taxes on the people .
thought_criminal , Overpopulation is a problem , the solution however is not to tell people how many children they are allowed , this sounds far too dictatoral .
But should governments offer incentives to those with none or fewer children ...
Kenny Mack , Aberdeen , UK Sure , increasing population is a burdon on natural resources - but it could also be seen as providing a larger intellectual base to solve such problems as well .
However , the evidence seems to suggest that the richer people get the less children they wish to have .
So perhaps it would be better to look at population more productively than just as passive consumers or a burden on recources .
What seems to get forgotten isthe effect of Malthus - who used the population argument to support rapacious capitalism .
Something which is very relevant today .
trevor batten , Manila.ph OF COURSE we need population control !
and right now .
For centuries we have culled excess population through war , famine and disease .
Does anyone those methods serve human rights ?
Judith Stainsby , Port Moody , BC , Canada Population is * the* major environmental issue and something does need to be done to create awareness of a woman 's right to not have children regardless of what their society thinks .
There needs to be a male contraception injection to compliment the oral contraception pill - it 's got to be reliable , it 's got to be cheap and it 's got to be used .
We need to overcome this insane need to reproduce when there are plenty of us and we need to overcome the squirmishness about abortion .
Unfortunately , I 've just listed the reasons that such an approach will never be taken .
Tracy , Napier , New Zealand Admirable as it is to promote woman 's procreative rights , family planning choices etc around the world , it will have little effect as long as religious and communal authorities continue to press women into childbearing roles .
Reproducing is almost an obsession in some parts of the world , and the mere suggestion that you do n't want children is treated with horror / suspicion .
Cultural barriers need to be broken , which requires patience and understanding ; both in short supply globally .
Scientists need to cross the bridge to religious leaders and start a dialogue .
Matthew Adams , Cairo I agree .
We had lots of discussion about over - population till the early 1970 's then all went silent .
We know it is worse now not better .
The idea was to deal with it through education .
Obviously that alone was not enough .
China , to its credit bit the bullet and acted , but so far , other countries who cannot support their populations have not responded with adequate solutions .
No child should feel unwanted or have to starve because of ignorance or lack of legislation .
While China imposed a hard thing on the families by its one child law , every child there is wanted and cherished and well provided for .
It is not a perfect solution but nothing is .
Definately no person should have more children than they can afford to support , however , the trouble with this is , situations change .
People loose jobs .
People get divorced .
Education and talking about it is an important step but other measures are required .
I do n't know what could be done but there needs to be dialog .
Pam W , Brisbane , Australia .
The less the humans on Earth , the better , Definitely .
This is not only pro environment and pro natural habitats , but also the only long term sustenance model .
And wars too are mainly over resources right ?
We all need to learn to use less ...
Vinay Hinduja , India
The article barely scrapes the subject .
To begin a discussion it should attempt at least a short analysis of the problem .
Where are the problem areas , why , who is doing something and what .
Just stating " there is a problem " is n't worth much if you do n't suggest any solutions .
Yen M. , Kuching , Malaysia Human beings are a wonderful resource .
The demographic transition model shows improving opportunities and reducing income inequality naturally reduces birth rates .
Human beings are not the problem , they are the solution .
Perhaps Dr Feeney would be better to actually look at the statistics rather than having a wild guess .
Do they hand out doctorates for linear thinking in the USA ?
Richard Gilby , Tequisquiapan , Mexico Being from and living in a developing country , I have had close contact with this world 's issue .
I have spoken with women with low income whom become pregnant and most of them respond it happens not because they do n't acknowledge the diverse birth control methods , but because their partner with a " macho " attitude makes them have the baby , making them feel guilty if they do n't want to end up pregnant , as though they were saying with such action they do not love the man .
These ladies , feel guilty and do not want to loose their man , ending up in many cases pregnant .
Sadly , most of the men " magically " forget what they have said and disappear , taking zero responsibility of the new creature they have helped create .
Most of these children repeat their parents ' footsteps , getting caught in the vicious cycle .
Seeing so many children brought into the world and so many parents with already too many children to care for , it makes me wonder if I should even have a child of my own , or simply adopt to give a better life to a child already born .
What is the point if bringing in more lives on this planet if they will not be able to enjoy the beauty of it ?
I feel very strongly that something does need to change , change which must be drastic to have a real impact .
Though , what can be done ?
What shall we do ?
What will happen with all these children and future leaders of the world ?
Annie , Bogotá , Colombia
It is not rocket science to calculate that a person today consumes 1000 % more energy than his / her counterpart of 100 years ago .
The world CANNOT sustain present levels of population growth , the result is simple , end of the world as we know it .
Where is all the food and water coming from to feed exponential population growth ?
Wind turbines and riding a bike to work are not the answers .
Religous arguments against contraception should be dismissed immediately as they have no place in an educated civilised society
T.Nicholson , Abu Dhabi , UAE
Here in India , soon to be the world 's most populous country , perceptions of population have changed significantly in the last few decades .
In the 60's and 70's overpopulation was acknowledged as one of the country 's most significant problems and there were several efforts to curb growth .
One of these efforts , forced / coerced sterilization , during Indira Gandhi's Emergency years , clearly went too far , and thus undermined future population control initiatives .
Then , in the 90's as the economy took off and liberalization took hold , a number of influential people began to speak of India 's burgeoning masses as an advantage rather than a hindrance .
One billion people , they said , would transform this country into a strong and developed nation .
Even today many academics and journalists talk about India 's " demographic advantage " .
At at the age of 27 , I am already within the older half of the population .
What most people who got caught up in the " one billion strong " hysteria of the last 15 years did not realize is that today 's boom usually turns out to be tomorrow 's bust .
We 're seeing one today with the global economy , and the economic cycle is usually short - measurable in years .
With populations , it takes generations for effects to be felt .
When India 's half - a- billion under - 25 's become old , the whole country may just unravel .
Along with one billion people , we also have hundreds of gods here in India .
We will need every single one of them when the population bomb explodes .
Sid Lahiri , Bombay , India Everyone seems to be in agreement that population reduction is necessary but with religious objections to sensible birth control measures we 'll probably head towards the Apocalypse Predicted in certain holy books .
Ken Balfour , Bangkok
Yes , finally someone has HIT this BIG nail , smack right on its head .
Political leaders and economists never speak of over - population because of their short sighted vision & approach .
Environmentalists are too concerned by over consumption in West to address this vital issue .
Thanks to John for bringing the issue for hopefully addressing it .
Sid , Delhi , India Instead of culling and forced sterilisation , would it not be better to limit the per capita amount of world 's resources available to the developed and highly industrialised nations ?
I think this line of thought is part of an effort to lay the blame on poor countries , which , although overpopulated , still consume far less than the West and somehow manage to live on what they have .
This is not true of North America and Europe .
Also , it seems to me that all those who moan about the Earth being overcrowded believe THEY are somehow special ; it is always someone else who should be subjected to these insane measures .
And another thing ; if bureaucrats are allowed to interfere with what is given to us by nature , it will not be long before the idea of killing surplus population pops up .
And then what ?
So , will all those worried about overpopulation please commit suicide and help save the environment by setting an example , instead of hypocritically denying others of what they take for granted ?
Milos Milosev , Belgrade , Serbia Overpopulated ?
BAN Alcohol and the problem will solve itself
Alan Berger , Sandhurst
At last !
We see the Elephant !
It is blindingly obvious that we must control population growth .
The humman race is the first biological system with the ability to control its own reproductive rate .
All biolgoical empires rise and fall again as they outstrip their food / water / energy supplies .
We , humans , have survived by increasing use of technology to overcome natural shortages , but at the price of massive destruction of the environment of the planet .
Inevitably as population grows we will come to a point where we have outstripped our resources and the population will then die back as starvation and drought becomes the norm .
Sounds apocalyptic but it is the inevitability of exponential population growth .
( think about an ( empty ) African termite mound per example )
Sustainability should mean a stable population , each member with an adequate standard of living , on a planet that has not been stripped bare .
( Whales , Tuna , Cod .
Water in the Jordan River , Amazonian rain forests , habitat for the other species with whom we share this planet : all of these are rapidly disappearing !. )
I 'm sorry Tracy from Toronto , but fundamentally I completely disagree with you .
Yes the west does use a disproportionate amount of resources , but population excess is a planetary problem .
Russell M , Blackpool i've often pondered this topic myself , and usually come to the conclusion that human rights and our natural compulsion to help our fellow man might someday be our undoing .
for example no matter how unsustainably food is grown in africa we keep sending food aid , even suggesting not doing so would result in a huge uproar , condemning those people to death , so we send food to maintain that population .
the australian nobel laureate howard florey , whose work enabled penicillin to be produced in large quatities expressed his concern about the rise in population resulting from improved healthcare .
i have to agree with him , and add that food aid also seems to maintain excessive populations .
Ben Jarvis , Okayama , Japan I quite agree with Mr. Feeney and its been my pet peeve for some time .
If you look at it in economic terms too , for a small island like Jamaica , the more slices the pie has to be sliced , the smaller the slices .
So , we need to manage population growth as part of any integrated economic or ecological plan .
The greatest enemy of conservation is poverty , and where there is uncontrolled population growth , all manner of problems , social as well as environmental , break out .
We are ignoring this basic underlying threat to our fragile planet to our peril .
This matter needs to be raised at the highest policymaking level on a worldwide basis , and it wont be easy , but then nobody said saving the planet ( from ourselves in this case ) was going to be .
karl Aiken , Kingston , Jamaica
While I do believe that the global population should be responsibly and respectfully reduced I am quite upset at the one sided approach to all this .
While it may be true that it is the developing nations that have the most rapid population growth , it is undoubtedly the people in the developed nations that have the most impact in terms of environmental damage , consumption of finite resources and pollution .
What is the point in telling a couple in a poor Asian or African country or anywhere for that matter , to have less children when ten of their children will not come close to using the amount of resources as two children born in North America or Europe .
Reducing population growth is meaningless if nothing is done to change the lifestyle of excess .
Tony , Cayo , Belize
Any attempt to discuss this topic tends to be squelched by zealously politically correct retorts .
But environmental protection depends on our addressing these issues .
Further , I find it remarkable , in view of the numbers on human population growth , that many governments still give subsidies for childbirth , tax breaks for parents , and comparatively punitive taxation for the single and non-parents .
We need to shift to an economic and social model of sustainability and population growth is not in this vein .
Also , it is surprising that educated people continue to have sometimes 3 or more children .
In order to keep the wild , natural places of our world safe , we need to reduce our numbers or at the very least stop increasing them .
In view of our current troubles with nature , I 'm tired of hearing parents with the attitude that their child comes first , regardless of anyone else 's need - and they seem to abound in the past 15 years .
Lisa , American in Hong Kong
While I do n't disagree that many environmentalists avoid discussing population , I do think John Feeney oversimplifies the interactions between consumption and population .
The Ecological Footprint data Feeney refers to suggests that a sustainable population depends on how much we consume .
If we all live as consumers , we 're already more than three times the carrying capacity .
At a moderate level of consumption , the Earth could sustain about 6 billion ( compared to the 6.8 billion present today ) and at an impoverished level about 13.6 billion -- though because we keep depleting natural capital , this number will decline each year .
So we need to rapidly discuss both these taboo topics : consumption and population .
A primary goal of the environmental community should be to encourage people to consider carefully both their reproductive choices and their consumption choices .
And no , not all environmentalists are silent on population .
I have been writing a series of essays on population , consumption and other environmental topics for World Watch magazine which you can read here : www.livingearthethics.org.
Erik Assadourian , Worldwatch Institute , Washington , DC I fully agree .
The ones who can be the leaders to solve this worldwide problem are the Pope , the Ayatollah and several other churchleaders .
Just to tell their followers to have no mre than 1 or 2 children just like in China .
And also permitting girls and women to have abortions .
It would probably be sufficient .
Hettie , Hengelo , Netherlands
Food has been made for man .
Now , on the earth , there is four or five time more food than human beings .
Problem is not about the amount of men .
Problem is in the nature of our stewardships of all ressources .
Matthieu Klopfenstein , Bienne , Switzerland
I believe that population explosion is at the heart of all environmental and economic issues .
We are stripping the earth of its resources , polluting it and changing its climate because of the constant need to grow economies to keep pace with increasing demand for more food , energy , housing and jobs .
kiwidavid , New Zealand I do agree .
The argument makes a lot of sense to me .
Not knowing this history , I wondered what the " abuses " were .
Browsing 1970s magazines you see references to the Zero Population Growth movement .
It makes so much sense .
I think we even need to shrink our human population .
Not having any children myself , feel unashamed to make this argument .
I wonder what went wrong for this movement .
Ed Hemlock , London , England
It 's hardly a taboo - talk of over - population goes back at least to Malthus , and in more modern times has been widely discussed for at least thirty years .
My understanding is that population levels drop as economic situations shift from subsistence farming ( in which large families are an advantage ) to industrial ( in which large families are a disadvantage ) .
Resource distribution and consumption is far more of a problem than the absolute numbers of people which in any case can best be controlled by working toward a stable industrial society in which large numbers of children do n't die in infancy , it becomes very expensive to have and raise children who , in addition , are not needed to provide labour to support the family .
It helps a lot if the society is wealthy enough so that the elderly can be cared for even if they do n't have adult children to provide all their support .
Providing birth control information is n't going to be particularly helpful in reducing population levels in societies in which there are excellent reasons to have large families .
Improving life in every way from food distribution to economic development will provide all the motivation needed to decrease population size - look at the parts of Western countries who are n't even maintaining their populations through their birthrates !
Cheryl , Canada I strongly disagree .
Articles like this underline the fascist nature of eco / green movements .
Nature is in a constant state of change , and some call this proces evolution .
The climate changes , population changes , and the world of tomorrow cannot be the same as the world of yesterday .
Humans are a part of nature , and not aliens on this plant .
Environmentalists remind me of evangelist preachers : " repent , because the end is near " .
In fact , there is no end , only change .
This point of view is the real taboo for the media .
J.Popovic , Toronto , Canada Serious population CONTROL should have been exerted compulsorily decades ago .
The Chinese had the right idea with the one child policy , it should be instituted in the western world with heavy fines for transgressors , and in the third world with trade sanctions against nations that do not enforce it .
As the planet 's resources are dwindling and the world 's population increasing , it is blindingly obvious that we are heading for a train wreck of cataclysmic proportions , with suffering which will make violations of personal freedom of choice look like a minor inconvenience .
Charles Hipser
Charles Hipser , NYC USA
Of course the total population matters .
It 's just a difficult sell in societies that face a collapse of the pension system without any children to care for their ever longer - living parents ( sometimes kept alive at incredible costs to the environment ) .
Unfortunately , the best way to reduce the number of children people have is to put them in Western , urban conditions ( which also need reforming ) .
Witness China and India with their terrifying male surpluses .
Simply informing women on how to control their fertility is not enough -- they must want less children , which means creating societies where children are no longer the sole old - age pension .
Again , that means the wasteful Western model , where people invest in money and goods rather than offspring .
And even more female hormones in the rivers means further environmental degradation for possibly but little benefit population - wise .
There are more taboos to overcome than merely the reduction of the population .
Stefaan Eeckels , Harlange , Luxembourg
When I was growing up , there was a huge push to contain the population , with Zero Population Growth at the forefront .
Since then there has been virtual silence on this matter , while the earths population continues to grow unchecked , and I kept wondering why .
This is an issue as important as global warming , and needs urgent attention and action
James Barnett , Madoc , Ontario Canada John is exactly right .
This discussion was urgent in the 1960's , as pointed out in the article that coined , " Tragedy of the Commons " .
It 's even more urgent today .
With limited resources in the world , reproduction is a social issue whether you admit it or not .
Without a social agreement on how to keep our numbers sustainable ( and how to punish those who violate that social agreement ) , we will suffer the horror of a population crash , devastating our environment on the way .
There is simply no excuse to delay this discussion any longer .
Devin McLennan , East Lansing , Michigan , USA Considering the fact that the world population has doubled in the last 30 years it is only a matter of time before before this issue blows up in our face .
So many of our activities at an international , national and personal level are proving to be unsustainable and it will take strong leadership to tackle this issue head on .
Im hoping President Obama will assume this role .
I am optimistic that we can overcome this challenge but am fearful that it will take a katastrophic event / events for us to see the light .
Dave , Dundee
There are a number of mechanics to limit human growth but strangely even the Chinese limit on the number of children has failed to have the desired effect .
High mortality leads to higher birth rates which is normally controlled by disease , famine or other means .
Porritt 's pontifications shows he knows no answers either .
Mans interference with the natural controls in IVF , medicinal or medical means , the cultural differences in various countries means that ultimately the only controller is the earth .
The Volcanic eruptions 75000 years ago reputedly left only a small population , the black death in the 15th century which killed 30 % of the population .
Humans need to understand that when the world no longer can support us we will die .
That is all there is to it .
Tony , Welling Kent Never has a " taboo " been so exposed for the past 200 years .
And never has such a question been answered by anything else than eugenism .
And it always start with some good sense , but also somewhere over there , for " those poor people who can not get fed properly " .
If you want to educate women , educate women .
If you want to empower women , empower them .
By the way , it is as much a question for men .
But leave every one of us alone with our conscience for the number of human being .
It is not a question of belief or religion .
I , for one , has none , am not baptatised in any and think that the aim of a human being is to know rather than believe .
Human beings are not a parameter .
And there are always too much human beings for those who dispise them .
Berst regards ,
Bruno Clémentin , Saint - Etienne , France I 'm so glad to see there are those trying to bring this subject into light .
Something I 've been concerned about for so many years .
Programs need to be put in place giving women strength and education , starting with the avoidance of unwanted / unplanned pregnancies , which are in many cases a burden on economy and are unfair to all parties involved .
Good Luck .
Ryan , Salt Lake City , USA Feeney 's argument is generally rubbish .
Look around the world : who consumes the vast majority of foodstuffs and energy despite being severely in the minority population - wise ?
The US , Canada and Europe .
Income and wealth redistribution , or at least truly fair access to int'l trade markets for commodities - especially those produced in the 3rd World - would go a long way towards curbing notions that human population is experiencing ' runaway growth ' .
With Feeney 's attitude and those of the others that belong to this elitist cabal , what we really should do is what Indira Ghandi did in India in the late 70s : round up all the poor people , castrate the males , sterilise the females and be done with it ; treat the world 's poor as if they 're not just a problem but a menace / plague akin to locusts and worms ; eradicate them all .
Feeney might do well to put his money where his mouth is and have his tubes tied if he wants to set such an important example .
Arrogant bastard .
Paul M , Kyiv , Ukraine I keep reading about places being family friendly , but few people ever consider that this also pulls away resources from the individual .
I could never understand just why people go on about the family being the foundation of civilization , while it is large families that are eating in to all of our resources .
It was because of this kind of concent that I became vegetarian in 1970 .
Is n't it about time that people started thinking about how we can only save this planet by taking on some individual resposiblites , such as being vegetarian , & not having any children of their own .
The family is dead !
Long live the family !
Martyn Lowe , Islington about time too .
population is the elephant in the eco-room .
but i would add that it is not only scientsts , scholars , people with ' expertise ' , etc who have a relevant opinion in this issue .
what about ordinary voters ?
nick welch , london
At this point , no .
Calamity is simply a matter of time .
We 're a species that was created by the same rules as any other on the planet , but we do not practice Darwinism as a rule for ourselves because that would be wrong .
Our weakest in many cases are the ones that procreate the most in the " civilized " world , others simply foot the bill , our most educated have the least .
You would have to not only discuss birth control methods , but the realities of nature that are only cool in the third person on the discovery channel .
The only things left to discuss is how bad off will the planet be , when , and in what form the inevitable balancing act nature will play out on us be .
Wayne , New Castle , DE - US
As the late Bill Hicks said : - I 'm sick and tired of this " Is n't humanity great ? " bull *&%#.
We 're just a virus with shoes ...
As a species we are already responsible for wiping out numerous other lifeforms on this planet .
I hope we are not dumb enough to lay the foundations for our own demise .
Even the dinosaurs did better than that .
Richard Keen , Den Haag , Netherlands
I 'd ask author to name a country ( any single one ) with sustaining GROWING TEMPO of population growth .
And only then we'd have a talk about sweet and sensational taboo breaking .
JaneZ , from the part of the world with below - replacement fertility
JaneZ , Surgut , Russia Mr. Feeney is mistaken .
There is right now an enormous underutilization and misappropriation of our world 's resources .
This is the real cause of social injustice and poverty .
The earth can sustain many , many more people if we simply take care of it and use it well , and preaching population control as the answer to everything is , frankly , naive and foolhardy .
Matthew , Baltimore , U.S.A .
The world is , in effect , a ship in which we all sail .
Overload any floating vessel and it will eventually cease to float .
Of course there are already to many human beings on this earth .
As a consequence of which we are increasingly fighting amongst ourselves for ever diminishing resources .
And more tragically still , in the course of that unthinking scramble for land / minerals / water we are responsible for the extinction of so many other living creatures and plantlife , thereby reducing the very bio - diversity upon which are future almost certainly depends .
Mark , Bristol Overpopulation in poor areas is driven by subsistence needs and can have very different environmental consequences from those of the overconsumption of the affluent , though they overlap .
Thus Freeny is correct that both are serious problems , and we cannot neglect the population problem if any progress is to be made .
The Chinese government is the only one that has really dealt with the problem , and the unpopularity of that policy in the West is probably related to the failure of mainstream environmental movements to address the problem .
Brian Lander , New York , USA
With a single sentence , the Pope could make such an impact .
Brad , Zurich , Switzerland
It sounds like good rhetoric , but what is the plan ?
I do n't think that contraceptives alone is going to cause that great of an impact .
Even in my town in the US , where everyone received sex education in school and condoms and birth control are available for anyone who goes to a clinic , girls are getting pregnant in high school .
Others have their third or fourth kid in their early twenties and are already milking the welfare system .
The problem goes much deeper than simply education and providing resources .
Ryan , Maine , USA
It 's about time !
Thanks for pointing out the obvious , but I wonder if religion is going to stand in the way of basic human dignity and common sense , when so many major religions fail to embrace any real family planning or birth control ?
Shannon Edwards , Tucson , Arizona
I completely agree that population control is a must - tackle issue , but John omitted the main reason for the silence about it -- politics .
Developed nations , most if not all of which are facing low birth rates , want nothing to do with it because implementing such a policy means being inevitably overrun by waves of migration from poorer regions of the world , and the collapse of their institutions and even cultures .
Powers that be of the developing world are too busy plundering their countries to really give a damn if thousands or millions die from disease and starvation , Zimbabwe is case in point .
The only way to tackle this issue , as uncomfortable this notion is for most Westerners , is to spread the wealth , elevate the standard of living in the developing world , dramatically boost the level of education and technology there .
The world 's most powerful countries must either face this fact and develop a long - term strategy for bringing this about .
Either do this or terra - form Mars and Venus , which would solve the problem , at least temporarily .
Unfortunately , we are nowhere near the latter option becoming reality .
Jay T. , San Antonio , TX Resource consumption is bound to increase with population increase .
Everywhere , but , especially , in third - world countries , women ( and men , too ) need to be educated about the immorality of unlimited procreation .
H. MacEwen , Kuala Lumpur I agree whole heartedly .
Blind imperialism and capitalism throughout the ages has worked tirelessly to use religion as a growth tool .
This problem has its roots many thousands of years back in human history and must be confronted .
Any rancher / herder knows that you can only raise x number of livestock with x number of land and water .
A global plan to combat population growth is probably more important than any other environmental plan or topic .
Jeff Woolsey , Loveland Colorado
Ask anyone who works with " real things " in this world like water treatment , farming , waste disposal , forestry , etc .
We are already in a perilous situation .
As long as " sheep people " the world over , keep listening to those controlling voices , like the pope , who claim to be translating for god , we will remain in many of the messes we find ourselves in .
These are the people who burn books , and would kill someone who claimed that the earth was round and not flat , just a few hundred years ago .
We have no chance to stop our march to extinction unless we address the education system in all countries of the world .
The George Bushes of the world allowed " faith based creationism " taught in our schools so we can maintain a healthy number of people who will never understand cause and affect .
Science can predict and explain much , but if the morons are not required to listen and learn , they will all keep breeding , for they see it as a contest , for they are producing " children of god " .
It is very politically incorrect to state , but the numbers show us that thinking people are not making babies at even a fraction the rate as " faith based " sheeple .
God help us all .
Nick Wimett , La Madera New Mexico USA
I agree completely with Mr. Feeney .
Having lived in places such as India and Pakistan , I have come to understand the severity of the need to reduce the overall population to make the world a better , cleaner place in which to live .
There has been definite progress in population reduction in some areas of the world , however , not addressing the issue of population control in places where it is desperately needed is condeming the world to an ever greater loss of resources , landspace and sanitation .
I believe that if more people realise that population control is an effective way to curb exponential population growth , then we will be on our way to achieving the Millennium Development Goals which have been set out by the United Nations to ensure that every person on earth has the same basic needs administered to .
Ria , Bangkok , Thailand I completely agree .
The increasing population directly has an impact on the global environment and this is something that needs to be addressed .
In addition to this , it is fairly evident that the wealthier countries in the world have better control of population growth .
While this could also be an effect of wealth , I believe it is a huge cause of wealth as well .
By addressing the problem of population growth , we not only help solve our environmental problems but we also help end poverty .
Tanner Boyd , San Antonio , Texas ( USA )
Is there really " opposition " to talking about population growth ?
The assumption in this article seems to be that " talking about " population growth automatically implies reduction .
That may well be the ultimate conclusion , but responses like Dr. Feeney 's " Let 's dispense with this confused notion right now " obstruct the possibility of a discourse that is able to come to grips with the complex question of what constitutes human rights -- particularly in light of the intertwined histories of rights and Western individualism .
Yes , if there is a taboo on talk it should be addressed ; however , the unquestioned assumption that our Western , modern conception of which priorities humanity should set for itself ( as reflected , for example , in our own low or negative population growth rate ) is somehow " natural " or " universal " strikes me as fundamentally problematic .
Jeff , Canada I agree .
Only advocating the use of new technology to boost food production wo n't do - the Universe might be expanding , but the planet is n't .
And it 's about time somebody had the guts to confront the one they call the pope on this .
Rob , Walsall , UK
It is the mainstream media , economists , and religious leaders - not environmentalists who need to get this message out .
If environmentalists and scientists were in charge or had any power of influence the world would be a lot different than it is right now .
When no one listens to you for years and years and years - you get tired of talking .
Beverly , Los Angeles , CA
Oh good grief , is it that time in the Great Debate Cycle already ?
' Empowering ' women ( weird expression , that ) is the right thing to do , whatever the result on population growth , and it is not the fear of the Great Population Control Taboo that impedes this policy , nor should the wish to control population growth reverse that .
It is largely the intrusion of religion into politics ... and I can't quite see why fighting religious dogma with environmental dogma would improve the situation at all .
As for the rest , 1798 A.D. is on the phone for you .
The ghost of Thomas Malthus would like a word .
Something about picking the most controversial possible means of promoting otherwise unexceptional policies ?
unnecessary repetition , I do agree .
The trouble is you are talking about censoring something that humans ' consider both an essential right and a necessity : that is to procreate .
The only answer is to change the way society views having children .
We are going to have to beginning to teach our children that having kids is not a necessity or a right , but that it is actually socially irresponsible .
And to teach girls and boys to go against their biological programming is a lesson that will be very hard to teach .
Roark , New York ( UK born ) I am very pleased to see an article that seeks to address a problem that has been overlooked for far too long .
Overpopulation is clearly a massive problem for humanity , although I do not want government controls on population I think that it is very important , particuarly in the developing world where resources are scarce , to educate people on the benefits of family planning and not having more children then a family can support .
Well done , although we must still focus on pollution and other environmental concerns it is imperative that we seek to halt overpopulation as well .
WIll McLeod , Washginton D.C. Hi .
I agree , the population growth is a taboo and it must be changed NOW !
If I 'm wright , human population has doubled in a hundred years .
So it 's like +300000000 people !!!
In such a rate ( which in my mind WILL rise ) in the next 100 years there WOULD be over 12 billion people !
Now if there is some one who can tell me HOW can we , humans , make room and provide food for such a number of people extra , when we can't even do it for current numbers ?
How many 100 of millions of people are living in slums all over the world as a result from this inability ?
And the numbers are sky - rocketing , every year millions are joining them !
Me myself have made up my mind to tackle this problem by talking to my friends then they address the family aspects , its future or just thinking about having a " big " family for them selfs .
The problem in my mind is , like I mentioned before , numbers , but were are they and what is causing them ?
I think its in the poor regions of the world where family 's are " forced " being big , for it 's the only way they can survive , all working to make some money and to get some food for living .
In such situations family 's of 6 - 8 , counting parents and there children , are quite common in Africa , Asia , Philippines , South America and Central America including southern USA .
To reduce this problem is necessary , like in this article , to improve living situations so that two or even ONE working parent could support a family of two or three ( 1 - 2 children ) .
Vytautas Rindzevicius , Uppsala , Sweden
This is an excellent clear exposition of the problem , with which I thoroughly agree .
People concerned about population growth are very familiar with the fact of the press and some green organisations , Greenpeace for example , refusing to recognise the problem , and it is absolutely essential to get through to people at large .
Roger Plenty , Stroud , UK Yes , he is right .
It is ridiculous the way environmentalists refuse to talk about this topic , the most important of all .
What 's more we should stop seeing population stabilisation / reduction as a necessary evil .
To achieve it would be wonderful and only then will we be truly able to tackle the shameful levels of poverty in the world .
Christopher Padley , Market Rasen , UK
Over population mitigation is a must and I fully support education , birth control , women 's rights , health care , poverty reduction , and yes even abortion of unwanted pregnancies .
For those freaking out by my last option , statistics show that increasing the first mitigates the last option .
Eather we reduce population in a controled fashion or nature will do it in her own way .
" Nature bats last . "
Leif Knutsen , Port Townsend , Washington
One major impediment to bringing out this issue is the general perception , fostered by the mainstream media , that the Catholic Church is implacably opposed to any efforts to address unchecked population growth .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Read paragraphs 2368 - 2371 in the " Catechism of the Catholic Church , " and you 'll get the true picture .
A key quote : " A particular aspect of this responsibility concerns the regulation of procreation .
For just reasons , spouses may wish to space the births of their children .
It is their duty to make certain that their desire is not motivated by selfishness but is in conformity with the generosity appropriate to responsible parenthood . "
Mark Hartman , San Diego , California , USA
Without the slightest doubt overpopulation is the one problem that has to be resolved .
Birth control must be spread to all peoples and if that upsets some who would use overpopulation to gain adherents , then so be it
John R Harwood , Brantford Ontario Canada
You talk about previous population control abuses and then show a picture of appearantly hungry brown people .
Are you concerned about hunger and poverty , or the environment ?
You talk of learning from past abuses but why not show pictures of wealthy westerners tossing last years cell phone in a landfill or driving around , by themselves , in their brand new Hummer .
Everyone knows that the west produces the bulk of the toxins and waste that is destroying the environment .
Kiss my ass white folks .
Do you think the non-white world will exterminate itself in order to save the planet for you ?
Not bloody likely .
You go down with the rest of us .
false1 , USA Mr. Feeney has hit the nail on the head .
Reducing consumption is at best a temporary solution , if we do n't address the issue of population growth no amount of conservation will save humanity .
If we do n't control our numbers nature will ; without politics and without pity .
The only other way out is to find new planets to inhabit and we will use this one up long before we have the technology to colonize other worlds .
Scott W , Port Orchard , USA Of course John Feeney is right .
For too long we have allowed religious leaders to dictate the rules on population growth .
Only countries relatively free of organised religion ( such as China ) have implemented any serious policies to limit population .
I also agree with Feeney that education is a big part of the key to actually achieving population control in a humane way .
And it must be secular education !
Religious education should not be allowed to substitute for secular education , ( although it might perhaps be permitted on evenings and weekends ! )
Martin Ellis , London , England I absolutely agree with this article .
In fact I was wondering why this topic is not discussed in the international platform .
Many countries cannot dare to talk about this because of their domestic politics .
But if UN comes with some guidelines most of the countries would agree with it , and would be able to convince their citizens that it is binding and cannot be ignored .
UN can say like every country has to have at least X units of habitat land and Y units of forest land per citizen .
If not , then a road map to achieve this in some years .
Karan Singh Raghuwanshi , Delhi , India
Far from being absent from the debate , I 've been hearing about population as a problem at least since I developed a sense of the existence of environmentalism 35 years or so ago .
The problem is not that no - one will discuss it but that it is too often raised by anthropogenic warming deniers as an accusation of selective focus .
The form of it always goes , " Why is the environmental movement conspiring to limit our freedoms and ignoring the bigger issue of population . "
Well , we 're not , and the change of subject is n't working .
The two are interconnected - but we know that the demographic transition will eventually turn the population juggernaut around .
We do n't know that the number of people living at European standards of consumption is not going to double and double again .
If we end up with only 2 billion people , all consuming as much as the average American or European today , having controlled the population will be rather moot .
2 or 3 billion more all living at subsistence le !
vels off local resources wo n't have anything like the same impact as just 2 or 3 billion flying and driving .
Elliott Bignell , Sargans , Switzerland Traffic .
Lines .
Anyone ever been to the DMV ?
Of course he is right .
People will die if this problem is not addressed .
It has the ability to wipe out our entire race .
Every one knows what is going on , it is just a matter of when someone does something about it .
Andrew W. , Philadelphia , USA I agree wholeheartedly with John Feeney , and I am surprised that this topic has n't come up with all the recent discussions revolving around environmental issues .
Hopefully with Obama 's recent repeal of Bush 's global gag rule , women across the world can become more educated about their options regarding family planning .
If some sort of plan is n't implemented in the near future , I believe that we are headed straight for a major crisis .
There wo n't be enough land available to grow food to sustain the ballooning human population - and it does n't help that we have n't sustainably farmed the land we DO have ( ahem : corn ) .
Fresh water will become a commodity even more than it already is .
This is exactly what I thought of when reading the recent story of a woman in the US giving birth to octuplets - when she already has six children .
Noelle , Minneapolis , MN USA Hoorah at last .
I have been talking about this for years .
The human species is too successful for its own good .
We can not go on expanding as we are .
The world needs balance and the human species has thrown the world out of balance .
The Chinese understand the concept , but implementation was screwed up .
The native American Indians understood the balance with nature as do most of the remaining native tribes in places like South America .
Its a knotty subject , but one that needs discussion and resolution .
John OB , Basinstoke UK
Why does the UK ' Green ' movement not acknowledge the environmentally destructive impact of ( mainly immigration - fuelled ) population growth on THIS country , where the Government is demanding the building of 3 million new homes - at least a third on greenfield sites - to accommodate a projected population of over 70 million by 2030 ?
The only Green group to have had the courage to campaign on this issue has been the Optimum Population Trust , which has pointed out that due to recent high immigration England is already the most densely populated country in Europe ( having last year overtaken the Netherlands ) , despite having the environmental capacity for a population of only 27 million .
P. Carter , Worthing , England I absolutely agree .
The churches , for self interest reasons , have promoted overpopulation , and politically stifled anyone that disagrees with them .
In my country the christian Hispanic community has the highest birthrate of all socioethnic groups .
This goes back to the Spanish conquerers , who spread christianity throughout South and Central America .
Al , Madison , WI USA
We can't talk about population control in America because our pseudo - Christian religious imams are still trying to increase the number of people under their control , by making birth control illegal , or at least difficult to get .
Life is sacred , they say , a gift from their anthropomorphized god idol - of - choice , so we can't stop having children .
To paraphrase our last President , " Heck , mebbe we 'uns kin git thet thar Armageddon and End of Days thing going again , so us good Christian guys kin git beamed up & leave all the pagan riff - raff behind ... "
Chuck Bucks , Maryland , USA
Thank you !
These thoughts have been in my head constantly since I was a kid and it 's IS AMAZING that there is so little discussion of it .
We talk of population growth among game animals , and prey animals - but somehow when it comes to humans , we get a pass ?
I do n't think so .
The laws of nature apply to all , and that which we do n't have the discipline to do , Nature will eventually do for us ... as said in the article , most likely in a cataclysmic way .
mark , Los Angeles Climate control , waste management , water management ... all is a result of what humans have been doing to the Earth .
We are the cause of it - and too many of us means there 's too many problems .
I completely agree with Dr. Feeney .
We 're willing to control animal and pet populations , but not our own race .
Consider how many cities , environments and food supplies are being constrained ... we NEED to keep this conversation going .
James B , Dublin
Save the planet !
Cull humans !
mike smith , Manchester Absolutely .
There are plenty of humans .
We do n't need to all be here at once , God has all time to get everyone here .
maggie , olympia , usa I completely agree with John Feeney and I would add its not just a taboo among environmentalists , it a general widespread taboo .
People do not like to talk about this .
Of course with environmentalists its particularly strange when you think how hard they work to save the planet and at the same time ignore one of the primary causes .
Al Gore had to number of graphs in his film : two that struck me as interesting were the famous " hockey stick " and the rate of population growth .
They had a very similar appearance and yet he said nothing about population growth in that it might be a problem ......
Jan van der Hoeven , Heemstede , NL I 'm not sure I would call it taboo , but it does seem markedly absent from the conversation , and this essay is the first one I 've seen that wholly considers both the problem of population , and the lack of it as a factor when dealing with environmental issues .
Perhaps some expect it to be a given , or others trully avoid it for reasons stated by Mr Feeney .
Regarding sustainability : addressing the issue of population versus the management of resource consumption seems to me to be two sides of the same coin .
Neither can be achieved without an informed population that has adopted a ' conventional wisdom ' of self restraint and conservation .
uch ' conventional wisdom ' will not manifest from the ether .
At best it will be studied , developed , and disseminated to humanity , or it will be forced on an ill - prepared population by natural events .
michael logan , Rochester , NY , U.S. I agree with this .
The population of earth has increased and increased and increased , there is simply no way that we wo n't run out of space !
Humans are living longer than ever and no amount of well - planned architecture is going to fix that .
It may go against many beliefs but perhaps a cap on the number of children allowed is the right way foreward .
Charlotte Robertson , Newcastle Upon Tyne I believe overpopulation is a problem .
I also believe childbirth increases in less developed cities , nations , and populations .
We must begin to teach people that by having only enough children as you can support is what is best for the child AND the family .
Having an abundance of children without the space or money to raise them with basic essentials should be illegal .
It is inhumane to cause a child , without choice , to look for food or get a job rather than go to pursue an education and better themselves and follow a dream .
How is it that population control is taboo but civil war and mass genocide is somehow acceptable ?
Are we to assume that by educating and informing women of their choices we are somehow disrupting societal roles ?
No .
It is beyond time to accept that women can successfully raise children and be good citizens by being less persuaded that " children " equate to an innate human right .
Having any more children than you are capable of supporting is , in my opinion , inhumane and inexhaustibly selfish .
What needs to be taught is that by having so many children , you are merely shortening their lives ... responsible for their inevitable death because feeding a beast is not going to tame it .
Dawn , Rancho Santa Margarita , CA USA
Resource consumption is through the roof and we all know it .
Scaling that down is a great step , but what good is that if the overall population continues to expand at a rapid rate ?
The answer is that it is not going to do any good at all .
We can observe in the natural environment what happens to a population that exceeds its carrying capacity .
The population crashes and a high death toll results .
Mother nature goes about population control ruthlessly , because she has to .
Pests , diseases , and other ailments used to keeps the human population in check .
Now , with our advanced medical technology , we live longer .
Maybe on paper , as statistics , we will be able to go on and continue breeding like there is no tommorow , but the reality is that if we do not begin drastic population control now , too many are going to die as a result .
The topic of our population size , sadly , is a taboo .
Maybe all we need is that dedicated group of researchers , scientist , and environmentalists to continue knocking on our door until we open it .
All that remains to be asked is : " Do we save 1000 people now and see 1 million die as a result , or do we wake up and do something before that can happen ? "
John , Regina , Canada
The ability to freely debate any subject should be welcomed , and this includes population growth and control .
I do not however believe the view taken by Dr John Feeney and others that we have already exceeded the Earth 's carrying capacity is true .
Since before the 20th century people have been claiming that we are reaching ' breaking point ' , estimates were made among others that the world could not support 5 billion people ; it now supports over 6 billion .
To ignore resource consumption as a possible answer seems like a fundamental flaw in any argument .
To take a simple example , energy efficient light bulbs decrease power use for lighting by an order of magnitude , these kinds of changes allow us to do much more with the same resources .
It is in fact often the same people who argue we are over populated who argue against many measures to increase our ability to support more people such as GM crops and nuclear energy , making their case if successful a self fulfilling prophecy .
Finally contrary to what is often heard , the world is capable of producing enough food to feed its population .
The sad truth of the matter is that we choose not to for financial reasons .
You only have to look at the EU and its CAP to see that we are willing to waste food to maintain higher prices ( prices that the starving can't afford ) .
John Graham , Northampton , Northamptonshire I think the only realistic way to do this would be to focus on decreasing the amount of poverty in the world and increasing the wealth of the countries .
Any central government measures like in China one child per couple can only be done in dictatorships .
Many environmentalist will not support this course because they normally the same people who support human rights and loads of other issues like globalization , gm foods , intensive agriculture even through anyone who actually research the causes of degrading of the environment knows that these are the only tools apart reverting back to a stone civilization that we have to stop to it .
United Kingdom is one country where proof can be found that increasing population does not come at the cost of degrading the environment in fact it provides proof that increasing population can be married with improvements in the environment .
For instant the improvement in the in Thames , the successful reintroduction of several species , with numbers of many animals on the up , air pollution has in many cases as remain the same or decrease over the years .
Management and monitoring of the environment , and developing technologies to prevent acid rain and all pollutions is far more important than focusing on pie the in sky schemes of controlling population numbers in a democracy , maybe we should all return to a dictatorship it the only way you will truly be able to control population numbers , I am sure the same people protesting about the environment will not hold rallies across the country for a democracy to reinstated .
I will even volunteer to be the leader of dictatorship , the skills I have , is that I will not even blink at the harsh punishments that will be needed to be handed out to enforce the birth control laws that will need to be enforce and measures that will need to be implemented to control any uprising .
David Knowles , Loughton I agree .
If we reduce global warming effects and pollution by 30 % per capita , yet increase population by 40 % , what is the change to pollution and global warming ?
Steve , San Diego , CA US
All the major problems of the world today , food shortages , oil demand , pollution , global warming , habitat destruction .
They all ultimately lead back to the fact that there are too many of us .
We need to heed these words and consider our own family plans .
Ben Cowburn , Oxford Even a modest 1 % population growth results in a DOUBLING of population every 70 years .
Exponential population growth + finite resources = Malthusian catastrophe .
I do wonder whether our political " leaders " are capable of grasping this simple concept , let alone equipped to deal with it .
Leyton Williams - Davies , Wales , UK John Feeney has it exactly right .
The elephant in the room .
Halve the population over time , and we would halve our CO2 buildup and resource use .
Computers have removed the need for large populations and governments , but as yet we have not made full use of them .
With less population we would leave more space for nature .
I am fifty chose not to have children .
Christopher Sykes , Princes Risborough
I agree - humans have exceeded the earth 's carrying capacity , and will reap the results of it sooner than later if no action is taken .
Here 's the hard question : what can we do about it ?
Can and will more countries institute China 's one - child policy ( or will more people decide not to reproduce ) ?
Or , rather than slowing the rate of population growth , which only delays the problem , who would you choose to kill so that the rest of the species can benefit ?
I do n't have any good answers to this .
Sylvia , Durango , USA I agree our population needs to be greatly decreased if we plan on keeping our way of life and staying on this planet .
Considering the failures we 've had with this idea in the past , it 's not surprising population control has become a taboo issue .
Additionally , all the anti-family planning notions in the US worry me about the availability of birth control for those who want it and need it .
I would love to hear good ideas from people who study populations on how to curb ours to more reasonable numbers .
What is a reasonable size for us to be at ?
Marianna Kleyman , West Lebanon , NH USA
Absolutely this is at the very heart of global stewardship .
Some point to the Bible 's " go forth and multiply " as a basis for continuing unchecked population growth .
It seems abundantly clear that we 've pretty much completed this task .
Now it would be a good idea figure out what the next Divinely directed task is .
I think even Pope Benedict has come forward to support an increased focus on stewardship ; sadly this did not include a mention of restricting population growth .
William Brady , Arlington VA USA
The problem is n't with the few couples in which both want to have a large number of children , it 's with the way many women and girls are forced to have more children than they want to have .
That is both a human rights violation and the bulk of unsustainable population growth !
Access to birth control must be improved .
That includes access to abstinence - too many people today can't abstain from sex when they want to because they are raped , and / or because being housewives is the only way they know how to make a living ( face it , even if a virgin can get married , the idea of her staying a virgin and staying a wife at the same time is almost always a joke ) .
We need crackdowns on forced marriage and other rapes , so that people who want to abstain from sex do n't still get forced to have sex .
We need improved education so everyone can learn trades and professions that do n't require having sex , and therefore afford to abstain from sex whenever they want to .
We need crackdowns on workplace sexual harassment so a worker can keep her ( or his ) job without risking the boss getting her pregnant ( or risking getting the boss pregnant ) .
John , NYC , USA Maybe it is because the emphasis is always on " girls and women in developing countries "
The so call " developed " countries with " only the affluent have a right to large families " attifude , also contribute and should set examples .
Jack Carroll , Tucson , AZ , USA
This is utter nonsense .
Countries are offering money for couples to have babies to boost their populations , countries do n't have enough people to meet job demands .
Sterilisation programmes of family planning incentives do not work , and only help to ruin societies .
If opoulations must be controlled , perhaps we could ask for volunteers , rather than impose scientific thought on all of us .
Ian , Scotland
You are wrong , Dr Feeney .
There are two taboos .
1 ) Human population 2 ) Religion Good luck with that pal .
James , Shillingford , UK I do agree and applaud his efforts to take this taboo topic to the forefront of the green movement .
Women in poor areas simply have no choice when it comes to reproduction and this needs to change .
Education and contraceptives could help them shape their families and better provide for the children they decide to have .
Jennifer , St. Louis , MO
It has been a source of continued annoyance to me that the issue of human over population has been so continuously ignored for many years .
The issue was much more debated in the 1960s than it is these days and back then the problem was nothing like as severe .
There are hardly any environmental problems that could not be helped by a significant reduction in human numbers .
Education needs to be done now in order to head off the possibility of more draconian measures being required in the future .
James , Leicester , UK I have to agree , we need to bring our global population under control .
We need to not only work on population control by way of birth control in countries with runaway population growth , such as India and China , but we also need to work towards a safety valve - Lunar and Lagrange point colonies to give us a place to move those willing and able to relocate off - world .
Jason , Atlanta , Georgia , USA I agree completely .
I strongly believe that overpopulation is the underlying source of most ( if not all ) the environmental and social problems we are facing .
I think that reducing population growth , and even more : reducing population , is the only way for the human civilisation to survive .
I am grateful to John Feeney for his contribution in making this debate public .
We need to redefine our ways of thinking .
Our planet is finite , it simply can't support an infinite growth of population .
Serge Pfister , Carrouge Switzerland Let Catholic
God bless gay people and have less of us !!!
Peter , Auckland ; NZ
This article is flawed in it 's presentation .
It seeks to link population growth and environmental degredation , even though population growth is being seen in developing countries , and environmental degredation is primarily caused by developed countries .
Kiran , Galway , Ireland
The public discussion of this topic is long overdue .
It is a vital component on fostering a healthy future for generations to come .
Let the debates & education of one another begin !
K. Kumu , Camas , WA Among the many taboos , certainly the biggest ' Elephant ' in the room .
Take away the massive levels of overpopulation and all the other problems - climate change , resources , food shortages , space to ' breath ' etc. they all just melt away .
Perhaps it is the only real problem , the rest are symptoms .
Simon Mallett , Lenham , Kent , UK
Thank GOD someone with some opinion - making ability is finally saying something about this .
Personally , I blame the modern western conception of an economic model of perpetual growth for the perpetuation of this problem .
On a planet with finite space and finite mineral resources , infinite growth , of populations , economies , anything , is impossible .
There is no such thing as a natural disaster , after all , unless you have people where nature happens .
For example , if New Orleans was not a major metropolitan area , Katrina would have been a hurricane and a flood , not a social cataclysm .
Furthermore , if Dow Chemical had n't had horrifically under - regulated plants up the Mississipi , the storm surge would not have dragged a bazillion gallons of carcinogens back down through the city and into the bay .
Just a thought .
Aaron Mercier , Columbus , USA
This article is absurd .
The mere presence of human beings does not necessitate the consumption of the current age .
A disporportionate amount of the harm being done to the world per capita takes place in the west , a place free of crowding and overpopulation .
I 'd be very hard - pressed to blame places like India for the calamity facing the environment today , and the last thing we should do if we have any hope for the future is discourage people from having children .
Tracy , Toronto , Canada
It takes a couple of generations for natural reductions can change population levels .
After all , it 's only just now that the baby boom is beginning to show its end .
So unless we 're going to kill people to remove them , a change in population is more a long - term solution .
Also , when most first - worlders talk about population reduction , they think of the developing world .
Well , 10 - 20 Africans produce the same as one USian , so the best " bang for the buck " is to reduce USian populations .
In the UK , the south east cannot support the people there and the UK as a whole is having to deplete resources faster than they can be renewed .
So the SE UK needs a culling too .
E.g. anyone living within 100 miles of London cannot have more than two children .
If they already have two children , they can not buy a house ( not even buy - to - let ) .
And the UK uses about the same as 5 - 10 Africans , making the removal of surplus population in the UK still much more effective .
Strange how it 's always someone else who needs to change , though , is n't it ...
Mark , Exeter , UK Well said John .
I have been bemoaning the lack of attention on population growth and it's impact on standards of living and the environment for the past 2 decades .
It infuriates me that politicians are too PC to raise the issue .
Something needs to be done urgently before millions starve .
Peter S , Sandy GB Population growth is taboo among all of us , not just the environmental groups .
The growth here in the UK over the past 50 years has been frightening : from a mere 30 million in 1950s to around 65 million now .
It is obvious that more people require more resources , produce more waste , create more pollution , and yet the real problem that we face - the human population - is steadfastly ignored by most .
Improvements in efficiency will prove to yield major benefits to the way we currently live , but the only long term solution to our collective impact on the environment and for our continued survival is to limit population growth , and to allow a natural decline in the population .
David , Cheshire
Oh yes ...
It 's difficult to know exactly when the carrying capacity is / has been exceeded , but there can surely be no doubt that reducing population would be good news .
More good farming / building land to go round , more marginal land going back to bio - diverse wilderness , a reduction in CO2 , simply more space for every human and every other species .
Rowan Green , London , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Electronic surveillance and collection of personal data are " pervasive " in British society and threaten to undermine democracy , peers have warned .
CCTV cameras and the DNA database were two examples of threats to privacy , the Lords constitution committee said .
It called for compensation for people subject to illegal surveillance .
The government said CCTV and DNA were " essential " to fight crime but campaign group Liberty said abuses of power mean " even the innocent have a lot to fear " .
' Orwellian ' Civil liberties campaigners have warned about the risks of a " surveillance society " in which the state acquires ever - greater powers to track people 's movements and retain personal data .
Controversial government plans for a database to store details of people 's phone calls and e-mails were put on hold late last year after they were branded " Orwellian " .
There can be no justification for this gradual but incessant creep towards every detail about us being recorded and pored over by the state
Lord Goodlad Ministers are consulting on the plan , which would involve the details but not the content of calls and internet traffic being logged , saying it is essential to fighting terrorism .
The Department for Communities and Local Government said it had written to local councils to ask them to ensure surveillance powers were used " proportionately " and not for tackling minor offences such as dog fouling .
A spokesman said : " It is right and important that councils have these powers of surveillance - they are an effective means of tackling real problems that can blight communities , such as rogue traders , fly tippers and loan sharks .
" But the public must have confidence in who has these powers and that they are used in a proportionate and proper way which is why we are working closely with the home office and local government to develop training and guidance . "
In its report , the Lords constitution committee said growth in surveillance by both the state and the private sector risked threatening people 's right to privacy , which it said was " an essential pre-requisite to the exercise of individual freedom " .
People were often unaware of the scale of personal information held and exchanged by public bodies , it said .
" There can be no justification for this gradual but incessant creep towards every detail about us being recorded and pored over by the state , " committee chairman and Tory peer Lord Goodlad said .
' Misuse of powers '
Among areas of most concern were the growth of CCTV cameras , of which there are now an estimated four million in the UK .
The UK is said by privacy campaigners to have the most cameras per head of population in the world , but no definitive figures are available .
According to a 2004 European Commission report , Britain has the highest density of CCTV cameras in Europe .
It found 40,000 cameras monitored public areas in 500 British towns and cities , compared to fewer than 100 cameras in 15 German cities and no open street CCTV at all in Denmark .
In its report , the Lords committee said the use of cameras should be regulated on a statutory basis in the UK , with a legally binding code of practice governing their use .
There was evidence of abuse of surveillance powers by some councils , with cameras wrongly being " used to spy on the public over issues such as littering " .
The UK's DNA database is the " largest in the world " , the report concluded , with more than 7 % of the population having their samples stored , compared with 0.5 % in the US .
KEY RECOMMENDATIONS
Judicial oversight of surveillance Privacy impact assessments for new data collection schemes Better regulation of the DNA database and reassessment of time samples are held Binding code of practice for use of CCTV cameras More powers for information commissioner and new parliamentary committee to study data issues Police in England , Wales and Northern Ireland can take DNA and fingerprints from anybody arrested on suspicion of a recordable offence and the samples can be held indefinitely whether people are charged or not .
Campaigners say anyone not convicted of a crime should have their DNA removed , a position endorsed by the European Court of Human Rights in a recent ruling in the case of two British men .
Ministers should comply with this ruling quickly , peers said , and legislate for a new regulatory framework for the database .
Other recommendations include a requirement for any new data scheme to be preceded by a public assessment of its impact on privacy and for the information commissioner to be given powers to carry out inspections on private companies .
" The huge rise in surveillance and data collection by the state and other organisations risks undermining the long - standing tradition of privacy and individual freedom which are vital for democracy , " Lord Goodlad added .
" If the public are to trust that information about them is not being improperly used , there should be much more openness about what data is collected , by whom and how it is used . "
' Right balance '
The government said CCTV and DNA were " essential crime fighting tools " but acknowledged personal data should only be used in criminal investigations where necessary .
" The key is to strike the right balance between privacy , protection and sharing of personal data , " a Home Office spokesman said .
" This provides law enforcement agencies with the tools to protect the public ... while ensuring there are effective safeguards and a solid legal framework to protect civil liberties . "
Over the past seven years we 've been told ' nothing to hide , nothing to fear ' but a stream of data bungles and abuses of power suggest that even the innocent have a lot to fear
Shami Chakrabarti , Liberty Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has rejected claims of a surveillance society and called for " common sense " guidelines on CCTV and DNA .
She recently announced a consultation on possible changes to the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , under which public bodies can conduct covert surveillance and access data , to clarify who can use such powers and prevent " frivolous " investigations .
The Conservatives said the government 's approach to personal privacy was " reckless " .
" Ministers have sanctioned a massive increase in surveillance over the last decade , at great cost to the taxpayer , without properly assessing either its effectiveness or taking adequate steps to protect the privacy of perfectly innocent people , " said shadow justice secretary Dominic Grieve .
Human rights campaigners Liberty welcomed the report .
Director Shami Chakrabarti said : " Liberty 's postbag suggests that the House of Lords is more in touch with public concerns that our elected government .
" Over the past seven years we 've been told ' nothing to hide , nothing to fear ' but a stream of data bungles and abuses of power suggest that even the innocent have a lot to fear . "
Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , urged the government to " reassert " its control over the use of data .
He said : " Governments tend to think that gathering new information on citizens is a good thing .
But that 's not true if our privacy is undermined and our data is n't secure .
" We need to see privacy by design : you can't bolt on privacy at the end of big government IT projects , we need privacy safeguards built into systems right at the start . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AN EAST - WEST divide yawns at the heart of Europe .
The odd thing is , this time it does not involve European Union politicians , but the journalists who cover the EU .
The divide is pretty serious : the British and American press stands accused of trying to talk down all of east and central Europe , and talk up stories of splits and disunity among the 27 members .
Dark motives are being attributed to newspapers that reported an emergency summit on March 1st as a failure .
One diplomat , a reliable and well - informed man from an important country , wondered to me today — hypothetically but not very — whether the Anglo - Saxon press was trying to doom the Irish referendum on the Lisbon Treaty this autumn .
The eastern block contains some countries in desperate trouble , like Hungary or Latvia , he noted , but also many others , like Poland , Slovakia or the Czech Republic , which are in much better shape .
Yet they are all being treated as a disaster area .
It was as if someone wanted to imply that the newcomers were somehow to blame for the desperate economic times now hitting western European neighbours , notably Ireland .
If enough Irish voters were convinced that they were being dragged down by irresponsible eastern newcomers , might they not turn against enlargement , the EU and thus Lisbon ?
I think such theories are bonkers , and I am not suggesting that he believes them .
But the stakes are high for that diplomat 's country : its currency has taken a pounding in recent weeks , and his government thinks the Western press is very largely to blame , for inaccurately reporting that the whole region is in trouble .
An excellent new English language blog from the Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza , notes striking differences in the way that the March 1st summit was reported by the British , American , Polish and French press .
Under the headline , " Who is out to get the eurozone ( or maybe Central Europe ) ? " , Gazeta 's EU correspondent , Dominika Pszczólkowska , notes that the British and American press mostly reported that the summit was a calamity , marked by deep divisions within the EU .
Whereas the French newspaper Le Figaro , which she quotes , said :
the summit allowed the 27 , destabilized by the economic crisis , to close ranks .
A month before the G20 summit in London this was essential
As for Dominika ( who is a friend as well as a respected colleague , in the interests of full disclosure ) , she notes that she reported :
that " the crisis did not divide the EU " and that the Polish prime minister came back reassured that the EU says " no to eurobonds , no to protectionism and treating Central Europe as a worse partner "
Yet the Times watched a disaster unfold :
it should have been the moment when the whole of Europe pulled in the same direction to rebuild the world ’s financial system .
Instead , a gathering of EU leaders yesterday before next month ’s G20 summit was marked by suspicion and self - interest , with the economic crisis exposing deep faultlines on how best to respond to the downturn
So what is up ?
Dominika reports :
This has led some in Brussels to ask if there is not a conspiracy here .
Perhaps some in London or Washington are trying to destabilize the eurozone ?
Hitting it where it is weakest , that is in those countries who are just aspiring to join , but are closely linked for example through the banking sector ?
Some in the European Commission seem to believe this .
Dominika comes up with a credible , non-conspiratorial explanation .
British journalists are temperamentally dismissive of summit conclusions , she notes , so more or less ignored the fact that the March 1st shindig ended with an agreed text stressing unity and pledging to shun protectionism .
She writes :
The British and American press is often more critical of the EU , particularly summits .
They do n't seem to buy the line that the French , Germans or Poles often do that when EU leaders gather words are deeds .
But this time the differences are particularly big .
I think this is right , but may be only part of the explanation .
For many reporters at the summit , the story unexpectedly changed tack early on in the day .
They had been expecting another round of sparring between France and the Czech Republic over protectionism and bail - outs for the French car industry .
Then the Hungarian prime minister , Ferenc Gyurcsany , asked EU leaders to agree on a special € 180 billion bail - out plan for the ex-communist bloc , and circulated a discussion paper that could be read as saying that if such money were not forthcoming , millions of unemployed easterners might flee west .
Mr Gyurcsany 's plan went down badly with Western leaders like Angela Merkel of Germany , but also caused great anger among leaders from countries like Poland and the Czech Republic .
Hungary is a terrible spokesman for east and central Europe : its leaders spent like drunken sailors during long years of economic growth , and the public finances are now in dire shape as the crisis hits .
Also , asking for a single bailout plan for the whole block only reinforces the idea of the east as a single problem .
I suspect that journalists from eastern and central Europe picked up very quickly that their own governments and diplomats were hostile to the Hungarian plan , and that it was going nowhere .
So naturally enough , they discounted what seemed to them to be a distraction .
But western reporters saw the prime minister of a big country proposing a dramatic plan , backed with a neat angle for readers back home ( starving Hungarians are coming ) , only to be slapped down at the summit end by Mrs Merkel , who said that eastern European nations did not need saving as a block , as they faced " very different " situations .
I also think that the British press , especially , simply likes a fight and a row .
In defence of my Anglo - Saxon brethren , Mark Mardell , the BBC's Europe editor , picked up the same issue about the summit's reporting as Dominika and her colleagues from the east .
In his indispensable blog ( till we get the blogroll fixed up , you are going to have to put up with more of these sudden herograms ) , he notes :
I am puzzled by much of the reporting of the summit .
Many focused on the accurate fact that the EU did not come up with a rescue plan for Eastern Europe and its banks .
It 's fair enough , and obviously true .
But a casual reader could be forgiven for thinking that this was the rejection of a long - awaited plan , a further confirmation that the EU dithers in the face of a crisis , and exceptionally bad news for the East .
For me , the main story was the row over protectionism
I have a hunch that , once again in the story of enlargement , ignorance and laziness on the part of western reporters is a big part of the problem .
It is just easier to treat east and central Europe as a monolith .
A last word to Dominika .
She sees a silver lining to all the talk of catastrophe .
Journalists all around Europe are paying so much attention to the region that they have finally " started differentiating between countries , which really are in very different situations . "
" In medical science , practices that have no chance to cure but are likely to kill a patient would be declared quackery , " declares author Michael Lundeen , " but in u2018 political science , ' quacks like Greenspan and Bernanke are the go - to guys to keep the entrenched bureaucracy — entrenched . "
Very true and this insight highlights the most mind - boggling aspect of all the ongoing , disastrous Keynesian interventions , namely , the collective failure to learn from obvious past experience .
Professional economists are the most guilty parties of all .
For many years dominant professional opinion held that postwar prosperity , although characterized by mild downturns , was a Keynesian tour de force .
Then its reputation began to fade because of the " stagflation " of the 1970's , an inexplicable phenomenon under basic Keynesian theory , plus the incoherence and ad hoc nature of Keynesian and neo-Keynesian theory .
Today however it seems as if none of that happened and Keynes is back , bigger than ever .
But have we misunderstood Keynes ?
Not at all .
In his watershed 1936 book , The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , he argued that classical analysis did not apply to " the economic society in which we actually live , with the result that its teaching is misleading and disastrous " ( p. 3 ) .
The cause of depression , Keynes concluded , is that " effective demand is deficient " ( p. 380 ) .
Keynes dismissed blaming overpricing of labor for mass unemployment as well as distorted pricing fueled by credit expansion as the cause of malinvestment , boom and bust .
He explicitly denounced " competitive wage - rate reductions " and competitive international wage cutting .
He claimed the world would not " much longer tolerate the unemployment which , apart from brief intervals of excitement , is associated — and , in my opinion , inevitably associated — with present - day capitalistic individualism " ( p. 381 ) .
He found that " a somewhat comprehensive socialization of investment will prove the only means of securing an approximation to full employment " ( p. 378 ) .
Prices performed no explicit coordination role in Keynes 's theory ( and this guy is declared a " great economist " ? ) aside from an interest rate that might bring saving and investment into equality , though not necessarily at a full employment level .
According to Keynes , investment must be stimulated to the point that corresponds to full employment through low - interest rate policies .
Sustained , artificially low interest rates ?
Sounds familiar .
An artificial boom followed by an inevitable bust ?
Not in Keynes 's world , no , because the cycle " is mainly due to the way in which the marginal efficiency of capital fluctuates " ( p. 313 ) in its mysterious way .
So Keynes leaves us with no causal theory of the trade cycle except that , putting aside his evasions and ambiguities , investment spending fluctuates .
Many sensible authors have recently cited the Great Depression and post -1990 Japan to show that Keynesian " remedies " not only fail to restore the market economy back to health but rather deepen the disease .
Equally instructive is the conversion from a U.S. wartime economy that took place from 1945 to 1947 .
The full story is available in the pathbreaking book , Out of Work : Unemployment and Government in Twentieth - Century America ( 1993 ) by Richard Vedder and Lowell Gallaway .
Back in the day , Keynesian economists had predicted a severe postwar depression once the stimulus of government spending on war ended .
Fiscal policy swung dramatically from " stimulus " to " contraction " in Keynesian terms .
The 1945 deficit was a staggering 22 percent of GDP , equivalent to $ 3 trillion today , and the deficit had been even higher at 28 percent of GDP in 1943 .
In 1947 – 49 , however , there were budget surpluses .
By the first quarter of 1946 , government purchases dropped by two - thirds !
Overall , federal spending plunged from $ 93 billion in 1945 to $ 55 billion in 1946 and $ 35 billion in 1947 .
But the predicted depression never came ; there was , instead , a rather smooth adjustment to peacetime full employment .
Common predictions of 9 million unemployed turned out to be four times too high .
Keynesian economists then devised an ad hoc explanation — a " pent - up " demand for consumer goods — to account for the smooth adjustment to plunging government spending and expanding peacetime employment and production .
Households supposedly spent and consumed America rich .
How ?
Based on an inversion of Keynes 's corrupt statement of Say 's law of markets : namely , " demand creates its own supply . "
Yet the facts refute this interpretation .
Between 1944 and 1947 , personal consumption expenditures replaced only one - quarter of the decline in so - called autonomous expenditures — that is , the sum of government purchases of goods and services , gross private domestic investment , and net exports .
Consumption spending remained below predicted levels all the way to mid-1947 after demobilization and conversion from military to civilian production had been virtually completed .
Furthermore , consumption cannot precede production , to state the obvious .
Consumers cannot purchase goods that do not exist .
Before revival of mass production of civilian goods , producers had to convert from wartime to peacetime manufacturing and services , that is , they had to invest .
Why was the transition so smooth ?
Keynes 's prescription to spend ourselves rich is not only contrary to common sense but the facts and proper economic theory .
By contrast , a classical analysis highlights three causes for postwar conversion :
Government retreated and thereby freed up the price system to perform its coordination function .
Government swung from massive , wasteful spending and borrowing to a smaller wastrel and even a net saver - lender , thereby reducing interest rates and stimulating a civilian investment boom .
Real wage rates fell , stimulating civilian reemployment because labor 's " price was right . "
Keynes was right about one thing : " The ideas of economists and political philosophers , both when they are right and when they are wrong , are more powerful than is commonly understood .
Indeed , the world is ruled by little else . "
Keynes is resounding proof of the power of wrong ideas .
I leave it to the reader as an exercise to apply the lesson of the 1940's to the consequences of today 's stimulus policies and their conceivable if unlikely cessation .
February 24 , 2009
The Best of Morgan Reynolds
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Victims fleeced by Bernard Madoff 's investment scheme may be forgiven for being wary of a something - for - nothing offer .
But through Saturday , a New York City restaurant is offering them the real thing : a free three - course meal .
Bernard Madoff arrives at U.S. Federal Court on March 12 , 2009 , in New York City .
Poached halibut , braised pork osso buco and even grilled filet mignon -- nothing on the menu is off limits .
All a person has to do is show proof of victimization , and Nino 's 208 will provide a free , elegant meal at the upscale Italian restaurant .
Nino Selimaj , owner of the restaurant located a mere four blocks from where Madoff ran his fraudulent investment firm , said he decided to offer this special because he knows what it 's like to lose all your money .
" Whatever is on the menu is available to victims of Madoff 's scandal ... because I have sympathy for these people , " he said .
" I was in a similar situation in 2000 .
I lost all my money in [ the ] stock market .
Losing your life savings is not easy .
...
" No matter how much money you have , if you have $ 100 million and you lose $ 100 million , you are completely broke . "
His offer is especially surprising because his business has been affected by the economy as well .
" In seven of my restaurants my business is off 15 to 35 percent , " he said .
Watch people who lost millions enjoy meals »
Rick Miller and his wife , Ellen , were among those drawn to Nino 's 208 by the offer .
He said they lost " personally about $ 10 million and our family about $ 40 [ million ] . "
Selimaj was said he was delighted the Millers took advantage of the special : " I do n't have cash to give them but at least a meal will put a little smile to their faces . "
Nino's 208 head chef Merlin Tlapa , agreed .
" That 's what it 's about , just making people happy and helping them to forget about what 's going on . "
Miller said he read about the special on The New York Times '
Web site and decided he could use a great Italian meal , especially since it was free .
The Millers said they used to have lavish dinners about once a week , but they do n't know if they will be able to do that again anytime soon .
" We used to travel a few times a year , take vacations , and now that just does n't seem like a possibility , " Ellen Miller said . " ...
Couple that with the way the economy is going , each of our businesses are also on the downside .
The income coming in last year was n't where it was even without Madoff . "
Her father , she said , was the one " who first introduced us to the whole Madoff program .
My father , my brothers , my uncles , my aunts -- everyone has been devastated by this . "
" After Madoff , we are essentially where we started 30 years ago , " said her husband .
The Millers had expected to virtually retire in two to three years , but now they say they will be working for at least the next 20 to 30 years .
" We are good for the four to six months and I do n't really know what 's going to happen after that , " Rick Miller said .
He said they received monthly statements from Madoff , and they thoroughly rechecked the monthly numbers and the annual total .
" We were led to believe that this was legitimate and in truth it was a hoax , " he said .
The Miller 's son , Josh , said he had lost $ 2.5 million in the scheme .
" If I really got stuck in a jam , I would [ have been ] able to get myself out .
Now that 's gone and the reality of working just as hard or harder is just as real and just that much more serious . "
Josh Miller said he is concerned for his parents ' well - being , but he plans to take this time to look forward to the future .
" It 's an opportunity to rebuild and move forward and do it better and do it smarter .
And I plan to do that . "
His father agreed , saying , " We are hardworking and diligent survivors and this will become an experience that life teaches you , that we will benefit from and grow stronger from it . "
Nino's 208 manager Benny Gocaj promises that Madoff victims like the Millers will find a brief escape from their worries when they come in .
" Every single customer , when they come for the first time , they leave happy , " he said .
All About Bernard Madoff
TOKYO -- Nissan Motor Co. was expected Monday to announce plans to slash more than 20,000 jobs world - wide , shift production out of Japan and seek government assistance from Japan , the U.S. and elsewhere , a person familiar with the situation said .
Japan 's third - largest car maker by sales also is suspending its goal of 5 % annual revenue growth until 2012 , which had been a key commitment of its current management plan , the person said .
Nissan's ...
Nadrian Seeman sees a future filled with extremely small factory workers .
By small , the New York University chemistry professor means a billionth of a meter .
That ’s the scale that he and others who work in the field of nanotechnology deal with on an everyday basis .
By manipulating molecules , they attempt to build new materials and microscopic robots , possibly small and smart enough to move through human bodies .
But nanotechnology ’s key obstacle has always been how to mass - produce these exotic molecules used as building blocks .
At this early stage , nanoscale manufacturing mistakes are pretty common .
It would be as though a factory churned out cars where the rearview mirror was attached to the hood – and did so a third of the time .
But Professor Seeman has found a way around that .
He and a Chinese team at Nanjing University have built a nanoscale factory worker .
The tiny machine is made of DNA , the molecule that governs the way cells make proteins .
But this DNA is n’t like that found in human cells – it ’s synthetic and ca n’t reproduce by itself .
But like all DNA , it holds information in the form of genetic code .
Seeman “ programs ” his tiny machine by stringing the right combinations of DNA – much in the way computer engineers use binary code .
“ We ’re prototyping the notion of programmable patterns , ” Seeman says .
The machine has two “ arms ” made of strings of DNA that are attached by another chain of DNA .
Each arm has a molecule on the end that attaches to other molecules and aligns them in a set order .
These sticky ends only connect with a particular building block , and Seeman can program them to specify which molecule he wants .
This allows him to arrange pieces and form specific molecules with some precision – similar to the way a robotic automobile factory can be told what kind of car to make .
After the arms create the desired molecules one at a time , the whole mixture is heated and cooled , which causes the correct molecules to displace the incorrect ones .
This fixes any errors and is what makes the “ factory ” reliable enough to mass - produce .
Thus far , Seeman ’s team has made molecules with various shapes – squares and triangles – that do n’t have a specific function .
The next step is constructing functional molecules – but he is mum on the details .
He imagines building several tiny DNA machines and programming them to work in harmony , creating more complex substances such as a fiber or even an electronic device .
Seeman has been working on nanorobotics for several years .
He first perfected a one - armed version in 2006 .
It was the first time anyone had put together such a device in a DNA array , he says .
Now , that he ’s pulled off a two - arm design , Seeman says that his team can finally build things .
The big leap in Seeman ’s work is the ability to “ remote control ” the DNA arms , says Milan Stojanovic , a professor of medicine at Columbia University and director of the National Science Foundation ’s Center for Molecular Cybernetics .
Finally , his team can set up a protocol to fix errors along the way .
“ They start with the same basic structure , but then can ‘ build ’ on this basic structure depending [ on ] what they have in solution , ” Dr. Stojanovic says in an e-mail .
Being able to get high yields is also important for making future progress more rapidly .
Seeman ’s work is rather unique , Stojanovic says .
“ Ned is unpredictably creative in his approach to science , ” he says .
Another key contribution to future nanotechnology work is how Seeman manipulates the strand of DNA that connects the arms , says Paul Rothemund , a research associate at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
Seeman borrowed a technique called “ DNA origami ” to act like a pegboard for the arms , which can be reconfigured .
DNA is expensive , Mr. Rothemund explains .
So , Seeman ’s adaptive , elastic system uses fewer pieces of DNA to make a given molecular configuration .
Rothemund likens it to having a set of clamps or vice grips that could be rotated to hold differently shaped objects , rather than using a whole new set of tools for every project .
Chengde Mao , an associate professor at Purdue University , is particular hopeful that Seeman ’s work – and that of other nanotech scientists – could allow for breakthroughs in DNA , building three dimensional structures .
Seeman credits an art print by mathematical illusionist M.C. Escher for starting him on the road to using DNA as a way into nanotechnology in the early 1980s .
After trying unsuccessfully to grow crystals for experiments , he spoke with a colleague who was doing work in recombinant DNA , a brand - new field at the time .
Seeman was “ thinking about the Escher print ‘ Depth , ’ ” where six - finned fish float through space , he says .
“ I started thinking about a six - armed , three - dimensional junction . ”
He began picturing how to shape DNA that way .
At the time , nanotechnology was in its infancy , and most chemists were working with inorganic molecules .
Seeman , however , decided that DNA was a better way to start because it has a built - in structure .
I was just thinking that Americans had literally outsourced everything they could to India , when somebody brought to my notice what could be the next wave of outsourcing - Fast Food Order Outsourcing .
Sounds yummy ?
" Good morning , this is Vikram from Bangalore .
What would you like to order today ?............. Would you like to have some fries with that ?
.... How about some coke on the go ? "
"
I 'm lovin ' it .
"
McDonald 's has started experimenting in a new direction in about 40 of its fast food outlets across America .
Since the last one and a half years , McDonald 's has been routing orders from its fast food outlets scattered across America in California , Hawaii , Mississippi and Wyoming to a hi-tech call center located at Santa Clara in California via the Internet .
Operated by Bronco Communications , call center employees from this company process the order instantly and relay it back to the respective outlets where the orders are displayed on the TV console for the caterers to attend to the orders and dispatch them and for the cashiers to collect the displayed amount .
The experiment started as a result of complaints from customers across the US of the differences in English accents of the order takers that created gaps in communications , with the result that customers got served items that were not even remotely close to what they ordered .
As a step towards solving this problem , McDonald 's decided to establish uniformity in order taking , by routing the orders to call centers .
The CKE restaurant 's chain is also set to try out this at five of the Carl Jr's restaurants in California .
Now , think what the next logical step would be for McDonald 's and CKEs after the feasibility of the process has been established ?
Save some money and outsource the Fast Food Order taking to India , right ?.
Do n't be surprised if the next time you are at an American McDonald 's drive thru to order food and a voice crackles out of the speaker , There 's not much else you can say but ,
