Passport Canada plans to launch an ePassport in 2012 , and in the meantime it wants to hear Canadians ' thoughts on the issue — including revised fees .
Point of View : Take our poll : Will ePassports improve the system ?
The new passport will be little changed in appearance but will contain an electronic chip encoded with the bearer 's name , gender , and date and place of birth , as well as a digital portrait of the traveller 's face .
" The use of ePassports will allow Canada to follow international standards in the field of passport security to protect our borders and maintain the ease of international travel that Canadians currently enjoy , " Passport Canada said in a release .
With the launch of the new passport , Canadians will also be able to choose whether they want a passport valid for 10 years or for the current five - year period .
Along with the changes will come new fees — a development that requires consultation with Canadians , under the User Fees Act , according to the agency .
Canadians are asked to fill out an online questionnaire on Passport Canada 's website by May 7 .
The comments will be considered in the development of the new passport and its fees .
The clouds have parted .
After losing eight million jobs since the recession began in December 2007 , payrolls finally surged in March , the Labor Department reported on Friday .
Employers added 162,000 nonfarm jobs last month .
Nationwide , the unemployment rate held steady at 9.7 percent .
“ We are beginning to turn the corner , ” said President Obama , speaking in Charlotte , N.C. , calling it “ the best news we ’ve seen on the job front in more than two years . ”
Though everything seems to be moving in the right direction , he was careful not to raise expectations too high .
“ It will take time to achieve the strong and sustained job growth that we need , ” President Obama said .
The economy needs to add more than 100,000 jobs a month just to absorb new entrants into the labor market , let alone provide a livelihood for the 15 million Americans already looking for work .
Without constant , robust growth , the unemployment rate wo n’t budge .
Indeed , the Congressional Budget Office has projected that the rate will hover around 10 percent for the rest of the year .
Housmans booksellers and the Peace News ' empire ' guardian.co.uk
" Things are looking up for radical books ...
The problems of the past few years – shops closing , publishers folding – seem to be lifting . "
So runs the opening of Making the Connections : Radical Books Today , published in 1988 , at the height of Margaret Thatcher 's reign – but these rousing words of resistance could have been written today .
For while the independent books sector in the UK has indeed been beset by bad news – independent bookshops closed at the rate of two a week in 2009 , according to the Booksellers Association – the radical bookshops that have survived are witnessing a revival of interest , and are guardedly optimistic about their futures .
" In the last five to 10 years there has been a massive resurgence in interest in grassroots politics and activism , " says Mandy Vere of Liverpool 's radical bookshop News From Nowhere , where she has worked since soon after its launch in 1974 .
The shop , named after William Morris 's utopian novel and run by a not - for - profit women 's collective , is , she says , benefiting from the anti-globalisation movement , the anti-capitalist backlash provoked by the current financial crisis , the recent growth in climate change and green activism , and the re-energised feminist movements .
" This has created a critical mass of participation – young people and older activists , like myself – and we 're noticing massively more people using the bookshop as a meeting point , " Vere says .
" Feminism , for example , has been very big online for a few years , and we 're starting to see that resurgence come out of the blogs and into what I would call ' real life ' .
This year , there 's a number of feminist books coming out , as well as Reclaim the Night and International Women 's Day marches , which we have n't seen for a while . "
Andrea Butcher of Bookmarks , a socialist bookshop in the heart of Bloomsbury , agrees .
" There 's a lot of resistance at the moment .
[ In March ] , a quarter of a million PCS workers went on strike .
There 's the railways , British Airways , the colleges , the fight against the BNP – we see a lot of people coming in and reading about the history of fighting fascism and how to take that forward in the context of the BNP .
And with the credit crunch , we saw a lot of people coming in for basic economics – Marx and Engels – wanting to understand what 's going on .
The Communist Manifesto made an appearance in our top 10 last month , which it does n't always !
The other area of growth is feminist and women 's liberation literature .
There 's a new group of young women getting engaged . "
And it 's not just buying and reading books that 's feeding this seeming hunger for resistance .
Radical bookshops have become venues , too : holding frequent events , from launches to lectures and pre-demonstration meet - ups ; acting as a physical base where like - minded people endeavour to turn ideas into action .
" Holding the events is very important because people need that area where they can get together and meet other activists and discuss these issues , " says Butcher as she clears up empty wine glasses from the previous evening 's well - attended in - store gathering .
But despite such positive anecdotes , radical bookshops are still clearly engaged in a struggle for survival .
The sector is n't anywhere near as healthy as it was in its 1980s prime , when the now - disbanded Federation of Radical Booksellers was , says Vere , " a force to be reckoned with in the booktrade " , and there were about 60 radical bookshops across the country , including Compendium , Collets , Silver Moon and Central Books in London , Grassroots in Manchester , Frontline in Leicester , Greenleaf in Bristol and Mushroom in Nottingham .
At Housmans , in Kings Cross , London – one of the longest - running radical bookshops in the country , launched by a group of pacifists – wiry co-manager Malcolm Hopkins , dressed head to toe in black , pulls up a chair in front of a row of Trotsky biographies and recounts the changes he 's seen in the sector in past decades .
" Regretfully over the years we 've seen a massive decline , " he says .
" Whereas once you could draw up a list of them , you can now count them , I would guess , on one hand .
And it 's a great loss .
The important thing about radical bookshops is that they were more than just places that sold commodities , they were centres for activists , they held events , they encouraged people . "
The story of the decline of radical bookshops will be all too familiar to followers of the independent and second - hand sector .
" Amazon and the internet had a phenomenal impact , " says Hopkins , " and the abolition of the net book agreement , which meant that the big stores , the chains – and specifically Amazon – could discount books ... that really hit the small independents .
They just do n't have the purchasing power ; they can't compete on price , and they 're suffering .
Everybody I know who works in independent bookshops is nervous about the future . "
With the mainstreaming , to a certain extent , of what was once perceived as radical politics – you 're now quite likely to find the latest queer theory text , for example , in your local Waterstone 's – the need for specifically radical outlets was also called into question .
Now , only six members of the Booksellers Association fall into the radical / alternative category : Bookmarks , Housmans , News From Nowhere , October Books in Southampton , Radish in Leeds , and Word Power in Edinburgh .
There are others , including Freedom , the anarchist publisher and bookshop based in east London , and the Cowley Club in Brighton , a co-operative run cafe and bookshop , where you 're likely to bump into both anarchists and supporters of Caroline Lucas 's bid to become the first Green MP .
Despite being small in number , however , there are real signs of a fightback in the radical bookselling sector , and a mounting backlash among the public against mainstream chain book stores – and mainstream politics .
" A growing number of people are becoming aware of where they shop [ and ] more interested in ideas of how they are living , " says Elaine Henry , owner of Word Power .
" People are looking for something a bit different .
A lot of customers come in with their printout from Amazon , which is evidence of them making a choice that they want to support an independent . "
Henry is n't sure whether today 's activists will want to put their energy into " ideas and books , as opposed to campaigning " , but this is where the traditionally versatile radical bookshop might just have a chance to shine .
" The radical bookshops that have survived will continue to do so because we 've carved out a niche , " says Vere .
" We 've built up our reputation over the years , we 've got a loyal readership , and while we can't compete in price we can offer something distinctive – knowledge , passion , meaningful books that come on trusted recommendations rather than being pushed by the publishers , and connections with other politically aware people . "
Hopkins , who has witnessed waves of resistance – from gay liberation , to the battle against the violent far - right group Combat 18 – ferment in the basement of Housmans during his 30 years there , has n't lost any of his fighting spirit .
Last month , Housmans launched a new online bookshop , a " politically conscious " alternative to rival Amazon .
" We can't offer the massive discounts , " Hopkins says , " but if people value something they have to support it .
And I get quite bored with people bemoaning the fact that their high street is desolate .
If you do not use your local shops , or if you do n't value places , they will go . "
He has had a lot of discussions recently about whether the prospect of an incoming Conservative government might fan the flames of resistance .
From his contact with young activists , he senses that " there 's a tremendous level of discontent .
We 're hopeful that something will come of this .
Each generation has to evolve it's own particular way of responding ...
We would encourage people to just question everything that 's going on . "
Those in search of inspiration might like to head to Housmans , which is currently stocking , among the top sellers of Slavoj Zizek and Naomi Klein , copies of Starting a Bookshop : A Handbook on Radical and Community Bookselling , for just £ 1 . Among chapters on understanding the book trade and workers ' rights , there 's also a detailed guide to how to put up shelves .
The next revolution might start down a side street where the rent is cheap , with a hammer , some nails and a radical vision of how to do things differently .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - People with heart disease might want to take a careful look at how they handle their feelings of anger .
A new study found that heart disease patients who suppressed their anger had nearly triple the risk of having a heart attack or dying over the next 5 to 10 years .
But this does n’t mean that angry outbursts are a better way to handle these feelings , Dr. Johan Denollet of Tilburg University in The Netherlands told Reuters Health .
People tend to either vent angry feelings or hold them inside , “ but I think it ’s important for ( people ) to find a midway solution to resolve these angry feelings -- but in a more constructive way , a more adaptive way , ” Denollet said .
Anger can strangle blood flow in the heart and lead to abnormal heart rhythms , and has been linked to an increased risk of heart disease .
There ’s also evidence that suppressing anger can be harmful to the heart .
In the current study , the researchers investigated the interplay among “ Type D ” personality , anger , anger suppression , and outcomes in heart disease patients .
People with Type D personalities are prone to suffer from anger and other negative emotions , and find it difficult to express themselves in social situations .
“ This is the perfect mixture so to speak to render people more liable to chronic forms of stress and tension , which may have a negative impact , ” Denollet said .
Type D’s represent about one in five people in the general population , but as many as one in three heart disease patients , the researcher noted .
In the study , 644 patients with coronary artery disease were followed for an average of about six years , during which time 20 percent had a “ major adverse cardiac event , ” meaning they died , had a heart attack , or underwent surgery to restore blood flow to the heart .
Ten percent of the entire group died or had a heart attack during the study .
Twenty - seven percent of the study participants had Type D personalities .
Anger and anger suppression were related to the risk of a major adverse event , but this relationship disappeared once the researchers took factors like blood pressure and heart disease severity into account .
But a significant relationship remained between suppressed anger and the risk of heart attack or death even after the researchers adjusted for these and other factors .
While 4 percent of the patients who did n’t have Type D personalities had high levels of suppressed anger , nearly 20 percent of the Type D personality patients did , the researchers found .
The personality type also quadrupled the risk of having a heart attack or dying during follow - up .
The findings do n’t mean that people with Type D personalities or people who have a tough time expressing their anger are doomed to be unhealthy , Denollet noted .
“ Anger is one of the emotions that ( tells ) us something is not going the way we would like it to go , ” the researcher said .
People should be aware of their angry feelings and figure out where they ’re coming from ; “ it ’s important to take next steps and try to do something about the situation , ” Denollet told Reuters Health .
For some people , according to Denollet , finding a way to speak up for themselves and discuss what ’s angering them with other people in a “ sociable , nice way ” will be enough ; for others , professional help such as assertiveness training and social skills training may be warranted .
SOURCE : American Journal of Cardiology , online April 12 , 2010 .
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow has drawn a line in the sand and told Massachusetts Sen.
Scott Brown that he has to “ stop lying ” about claims that she ’s planning to run against him for Senate .
In an aggressive monologue in which she asserted at least a dozen times that the recently - elected Republican senator is lying about her political aspirations , Maddow declared that she will not stop taking the senator to task over the issue because “ I want politicians to stop doing things like this , to stop making stuff up to run against instead of running against actual not - made - up problems that our country really has . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
For the past week , Maddow and Brown have been in a war of words over the senator ’s claim , based on little more than speculation on a blog , that the host of The Rachel Maddow Show plans to run for the Senate in Massachusetts in 2012 .
Despite repeated claims to the contrary , Maddow says , Brown continues to push the story in order to raise campaign funds .
She also responded to the senator ’s claims that she continues to talk about the issue because “ she ’s trying to boost her ratings . ”
“ I ’m boosting my ratings how , Senator ? …
I ’m boosting my ratings by being the subject of a lie that you ’re telling about me to raise money ?
I did n’t do this , Senator .
You did this .
You dragged me into this .
You made something up that is not true .
You have such a lack of respect for your conservative donor base around the country that you don`t care if what you`re telling them is true or not . ”
She went on to accuse Sen .
Brown of lying , once again , over his assertions that her producers had not tried to contact him for an interview .
“ Senator Brown , you ’re lying .
My office called you multiple times a day , every day , over and over and over and over again to try to set this right .
I will show you the phone records if you care .
You are lying when you say that it did n’t happen , ” Maddow said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m trying to increase the cost of you lying so that you`ll stop doing it , ” she concluded .
“ Stop doing it . ”
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast March 30 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This is a column from Robert Montgomery for ESPN Outdoors .
As a Senior Writer for BASS Publications , Montgomery has written about conservation , environment , and access issues for more than two decades .
It 's part of a series of articles from Montgomery on the issue .
See a response from editor Steve Bowman regarding concerns with this column .
The Obama administration has ended public input for a federal strategy that could prohibit U.S. citizens from fishing some of the nation 's oceans , coastal areas , Great Lakes , and even inland waters .
One sign at the United We Fish rally at the Capital summed up the feelings of recreational and commercial fishermen .
AP / Luis M. Alvarez
This announcement comes at the time when the situation supposedly still is " fluid " and the Interagency Ocean Policy Task Force still has n't issued its final report on zoning uses of these waters .
Fishing industry insiders , who have negotiated for months with officials at the Council on Environmental Quality and bureaucrats on the task force , had grown concerned that the public input would not be taken into account .
" When the World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) and International Fund for Animal Welfare ( IFAW ) completed their successful campaign to convince the Ontario government to end one of the best scientifically managed big - game hunts in North America ( spring bear ) , the results of their agenda had severe economic impacts on small family businesses and the tourism economy of communities across northern and central Ontario , " said Phil Morlock , director of environmental affairs for Shimano .
" Now we see NOAA ( National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ) and the administration planning the future of recreational fishing access in America based on a similar agenda of these same groups and other Big Green anti-use organizations , through an Executive Order by the President .
The current U.S. direction with fishing is a direct parallel to what happened in Canada with hunting :
The negative economic impacts on hard - working American families and small businesses are being ignored .
" In spite of what we hear daily in the press about the President 's concern for jobs and the economy and contrary to what he stated in the June order creating this process , we have seen no evidence from NOAA or the task force that recreational fishing and related jobs are receiving any priority . "
Unless more anglers speak up to their Congressional representatives so their input will be considered , it appears the task force will issue a final report for " marine spatial planning " by late March .
President Barack Obama then could possibly issue an Executive Order to implement its recommendations .
Led by NOAA 's Jane Lubchenco , the task force has shown no overt dislike of recreational angling .
As ESPN previously reported , WWF , Greenpeace , Defenders of Wildlife , Pew Environment Group and others produced a document entitled " Transition Green " shortly after Obama was elected in 2008 .
What has happened since suggests that the task force has been in lockstep with that position paper , according to Morlock .
In late summer , just after the administration created the task force , these groups produced " Recommendations for the Adoption and Implementation of an Oceans , Coasts , and Great Lakes National Policy . "
This document makes repeated references to " overfishing , " but does n't reference recreational angling , its importance , and its benefits , both to participants and the resource .
Additionally , some of these same organizations have revealed their anti-fishing bias with their attempts to ban tackle containing lead in the United States and Canada .
Also , recreational angling and commercial fishing have been lumped together as harmful to the resource , despite protests by the angling industry .
Morlock 's evidence of collusion -- the green groups began clamoring for an Executive Order to implement the task force 's recommendations even before the public comment period ended in February .
On Feb. 12 , the New York Times reported on that " President Obama and his team are preparing an array of actions using his executive power to advance energy , environmental , fiscal and other domestic policy priorities . "
Click here for archive
Morlock fears that " what we 're seeing coming at us is an attempted dismantling of the science - based fish and wildlife model that has served us so well .
There 's no basis in science for the agendas of these groups who are trying to push the public out of being able to fish and recreate .
" Conflicts ( user ) are overstated and problems are manufactured .
It 's all just an excuse to put us off the water . "
In the wake of the task force 's framework document , the Congressional Sportsmen 's Foundation ( CSF ) and its partners in the U.S. Recreational Fishing & Boating Coalition again voiced their concerns to the administration .
" Some of the potential policy implications of this interim framework have the potential to be a real threat to recreational anglers who not only contribute billions of dollars to the economy and millions of dollars in tax revenues to support fisheries conservation , but who are also the backbone of the American fish and wildlife conservation ethic , " said CSF President Jeff Crane .
Morlock , a member of the CSF board , added , " There are over one million jobs in America supported coast to coast by recreational fishing .
The task force has not included any accountability requirements in their reports for evaluating or mitigating how the new policies they are drafting will impact the fishing industry or related economies .
" Given that the scope of this process appears to include a new set of policies for all coastal and inland waters of the United States , the omission of economic considerations is inexcusable . "
This is not the only access issue threatening the public 's right to fish , but it definitely is the most serious , according to Chris Horton , national conservation director for BASS .
" With what 's being created , the same principles could apply inland as apply to the oceans , " he said .
" Under the guise of ' marine spatial planning ' entire watersheds could be shut down , even 2,000 miles up a river drainage from the ocean .
" Every angler needs to be aware because if it's not happening in your backyard today or tomorrow , it will be eventually .
" We have one of the largest voting blocks in the country and we need to use it .
We must not sit idly by . "
[ Editor 's Note : U.S. stocks advanced for the fifth day in a row yesterday ( Wednesday ) , with the Standard & Poor 's 500 closing above the 1,200 level for the first time in more than 18 months .
Traders cited growing confidence in the U.S. rebound as a key catalyst .
But could stocks be vulnerable ?
Contributing Editor Shah Gilani spotlights a risk that traders are overlooking . ]
Conventional investing wisdom tells us that when stocks rally on low stock market volume , traders perceive that lack of widespread participation as an indicator of the market 's future vulnerability .
And as torrid as this rally in U.S. stock prices has been , the lack of trading volume has been a consistent cause for concern .
Unfortunately for market bulls , even this well - chronicled concern does n't tell the whole story .
That 's because U.S. stock market volume is even worse – actually , much worse – than anyone realizes .
And this ultra - low stock market volume should be sending up some serious red flags for investors .
Pump Up the Volume …
Other than actual stock prices , trading volume is one of the most closely watched measures of stock - market health .
Volume is both a number – a measure of market liquidity based on the number of shares that change hands each day – and an indicator – demonstrating just how much confidence traders have ( or do n't have ) in a particular market trend .
Larger - than - normal volume is viewed as a sign that traders are confident in the market trend at hand .
Movement on low volume is seen as an indicator of a trend that 's unlikely to continue .
That 's why – despite the near - record run-up that U.S. stocks have enjoyed from their March 9 , 2009 post - financial - crisis stock market lows – the light volume that 's accompanied this move has been so irksome to investors .
Unfortunately , the perception is much better than the reality .
And thanks to three key factors – high - frequency trading ( HFT ) , the proliferation of exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) and active - arbitrage trading – current stock - market volume is far worse than investors even imagine .
High - frequency trading ( HFT ) conducted by proprietary trading desks at big banks and private hedge funds accounted for 70 % of equity trading volume in 2009 , according to a paper released last month by the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago .
The massive proliferation of exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) that have become so popular with retail investors is also a major cause of the misleading stock - market volume statistics .
And not because they are traded by investors , but because they are traded by a handful of privileged " INSIDERS . "
In addition to HFT share volume , active arbitrage trading by " authorized participants " increases daily volume when these insiders buy and sell the underlying securities that make up ETF portfolios against their simultaneous trading of the actual ETF shares .
How these active traders increase volume and what that means for markets is important .
They Don't Call it ' High Frequency Investing '
High - frequency trading is not investing .
HFT incorporates mathematically driven algorithms that prompt powerful computer systems to look for statistical patterns and pricing anomalies by scanning the various stock exchanges and alternative trading networks .
When an opportunity arises to profit from what practitioners of these incredibly profitable strategies call " statistical arbitrage , " traders employ massive leverage and execute their trades by using super - fast computers .
Typically , these trades are executed in nano - seconds ( billionths of a second ) and the opportunities can be over just that quickly , or may last for minutes or hours .
Less frequently , some of these types of trades are held for a few days , or longer .
TABB Group , a financial - markets research firm , says that high - frequency trading accounts for 73 % of all equity trading , up from 30 % four years ago .
Still , trade volume on the New York Stock Exchange is 25 % lower this year than it was at this same point last year .
The 200 - day moving average is now at 1.2 billion shares a day , down from 1.6 billion , according to The Associated Press .
As anemic as that sounds , the reality is actually even more dour :
Of the 1.2 billion shares traded per day , 876,000,000 shares change hands because of short - term trades executed by " stat arbs " ( statistical arbitrageurs ) - and not because of investors .
Members of the stat - arb crowd argue that they provide increased liquidity to the markets as willing buyers and sellers , comparing themselves and the role they play to that of market - makers and specialists .
And while there are some similarities , the bottom line is that stat arbs are not market - makers and do not have the same fiduciary duty as market - makers and specialists do , which is to " keep fair and orderly markets . "
The volume that HFT strategies generate is problematic on three fronts :
It adds exponentially to daily volume , which masks what true liquidity might be in another panic sell - off .
The sheer volume of the institutional HFT activity creates a potential nightmare scenario , should human error or a computer breakdown unleash a torrent of backwards trades .
Finally , in addition to human frailty and a potential " ghost - in - the - machine scenario , " a multiplier gets added to the blind - alley concerns , since many of these highly leveraged firms and desks are on the same side of many of the same trades .
There 's a lot more to address regarding HFT – and what the Chicago Fed and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) are concerned about – but the scope of this article concerns HFT and its impact on volume .
The other major contributor to daily volume is a cousin of the high frequency school of trading strategies .
Only , while you may have been aware of HFT , you probably are n't aware of who these other insiders are and what they do on a daily basis .
I 'm talking about exchange - traded funds .
The Underside of ETFs
Exchange - traded funds have exploded in both number and use .
Their total issuance is fast approaching $ 1 trillion .
They come in all shapes and sizes and offer daily - stock - market trading and liquidity .
The underlying portfolios , indexes , benchmarks , styles and asset classes offer exposure to corners of the global financial markets that traditional retail investors never before had access to .
In short , ETFs are both an investing phenomenon and a financial juggernaut .
What most investors do n't know is that exchange - traded funds are also designed to generate conventional - trading and risk - free - arbitrage profits for the insiders who act as custodians of the ETF units they create .
The sponsor of an ETF usually engages a bank , brokerage house , investment firm or market - maker to become an " authorized participant " whose job is to " create " the units that will become the " shares " of the ETF .
Of course , Wall Street being Wall Street , a sponsor can hire itself – or an affiliated entity – to be its authorized participant .
In the case of equity ETFs , the authorized participant goes into the market and buys shares of all the stocks that will serve as the ETF 's underlying portfolio .
In some cases , futures , derivatives , customized contracts , or even some other types of financial instruments , are incorporated into that mix , either in addition to – or even in lieu of – the actual underlying stocks .
For purposes of simplicity , we 'll stick with the pure - equity model to make our example as simple and as clear as possible .
The authorized participant delivers the stocks it purchased to the sponsor , who deposits them with a trustee .
In return , in what 's known as an " in-kind " transaction , the sponsor turns around and provides the authorized participant with " creation units . "
Creation units are blocks of between 10,000 and 600,000 shares of the newly minted ETF .
When a retail investor purchases shares of this newly minted ETF , the authorized participant delivers them to the investor 's broker .
Once shares are delivered to the first buyer , anytime that an ETF shareholder wants to sell his shares , the process is the same as if he were merely selling a conventional stock – through his broker and through the corresponding exchange where the securities are traded .
For the authorized participant , here 's the really great point :
They are free to trade the actual ETF shares that they helped create – as well as any and all of the underlying stocks that make up that ETF .
In fact , these institutional players trade them both simultaneously and extensively .
It 's a very pure form of arbitrage .
Arbitrage is essentially the simultaneous trading of two similar ( or identical ) financial instruments .
The objective :
To make a risk - free profit from a difference in prices .
The simplest example of an arbitrage would be if you could buy XYZ shares on the Big Board in New York for $ 40 each , while simultaneously selling the very same number of XYZ shares on another exchange ( say , Philadelphia or London ) for $ 40.25 each .
You would pocket a risk - free profit of 25 cents on each share .
That may not sound like much , but imagine doing that several times a day , during each trading day of the year , and to the tune of a million shares for each transaction !
Authorized participants execute their own form of arbitrage :
They buy and sell ETF shares on the exchanges and simultaneously buy and sell all the underlying shares of the stocks that make up the ETF tracking portfolios .
They make risk - free profits by conducting this arbitrage when the prices of the ETF shares do not precisely correspond with the value of the underlying portfolio of stocks .
From a pricing standpoint , this is a very good thing :
It serves to keep the net - asset value ( NAV ) of an ETF in line with the value of the underlying portfolio of stocks that the ETF represents .
But from a volume standpoint , this specialized trading creates a false marketplace perception :
It artificially elevates the share - trading volume in both the ETFs and in all their underlying stocks .
Protecting Yourself From the Weak - Volume Fallout
To this point , I have been unable to find any specific , publically available statistics on how much share - trading volume this arbitrage creates .
Rest assured , however , that the additional amount is huge and that – as is the case with HFT – it is not investment - related trading volume .
It is very - short - term trading volume .
And it adds considerably to the daily market - volume tally .
The net effect of arbitrage trading ( high - frequency traders also execute arbitrage trades in ETFs , in competition with authorized participants ) is that investment volume is considerably lower than investors perceive it to be .
None of this matters much as long as prices are rising , which we 've said could potentially continue for some time to come .
But if U.S. stocks do correct , there 's a very good chance that the net effect may be less liquidity on the way down than there is on the more orderly way up .
And that could sharply steepen any decline .
Whether or not the conventional wisdom – that markets that rally on thin volume are dangerous – will be proven correct by any meaningful downturn remains to be seen .
But I 'm not one to flout such wisdom out of hand – especially if there 's a simple and low - cost way of protecting myself against such a possibility .
I recommend that investors take prudent measures by maintaining stop - loss orders that can protect them if this low - volume environment happens to result in a steep sell - off .
[ Editor 's Note :
This essay demonstrates yet again of how investors can use the powerful financial trends known as " capital waves " to help them shape their investing strategies .
It 's a premise that Money Morning Contributing Editor R. Shah Gilani has shared with readers time and again .
And it's an investing approach that 's allowed Gilani to correctly anticipate some of the biggest events that occurred during the ongoing global financial crisis .
A retired hedge - fund manager and gifted analyst , Gilani regularly takes readers behind Wall Street 's " velvet rope " – and into the world he knows so well – exposing the pitfalls that can inoculate investors against ruinous losses even as he highlights profit opportunities that most other experts never even recognize .
It 's no surprise that Gilani 's essays have been read by millions .
With his new advisory service – The Capital Wave Forecast – Gilani shows investors the monster " capital waves " now forming , will demonstrate how to profit from every one , and will make sure to highlight the market pitfalls that all too often sweep investors away .
Take a moment to check out Gilani 's capital - wave - investing strategy – and the profit opportunities that he 's watching as a result .
And take a look at some of his most - recent essays , which are available free of charge .
To read one of his most - popular essays , please click here . ]
News and Related Story Links :
This image highlights exactly what 's wrong with Linux audio .
This is the hideously complicated default view from the ALSA mixer for a typical sound device
There 's a problem with the state of Linux audio , and it's not that it does n't always work .
The issue is that it 's overcomplicated .
This soon becomes evident if you sit down with a piece of paper and try to draw the relationships between the technologies involved with taking audio from a music file to your speakers : the diagram soon turns into a plate of knotted spaghetti .
This is a failure because there 's nothing intrinsically more complicated about audio than any other technology .
It enters your Linux box at one point and leaves at another .
If we were drawing the OSI model used to describe the networking framework that connects your machine to every other machine on the network , we 'd find clear strata , each with its own domain of processes and functionality .
There 's very little overlap in layers , and you certainly do n't find end - user processes in layer seven messing with the electrical impulses of the raw bitstreams in layer one .
Yet this is exactly what can happen with the Linux audio framework .
There is n't even a clearly defined bottom level , with several audio technologies messing around with the kernel and your hardware independently .
Linux 's audio architecture is more like the layers of the Earth 's crust than the network model , with lower levels occasionally erupting on to the surface , causing confusion and distress , and upper layers moving to displace the underlying technology that was originally hidden .
The Open Sound Protocol , for example , used to be found at the kernel level talking to your hardware directly , but it's now a compatibility layer that sits on top of ALSA .
ALSA itself has a kernel level stack and a higher API for programmers to use , mixing drivers and hardware properties with the ability to play back surround sound or an MP3 codec .
When most distributions stick PulseAudio and GStreamer on top , you end up with a melting pot of instability with as much potential for destruction as the San Andreas fault .
ALSA
Inputs : PulseAudio , Jack , GStreamer , Xine , SDL , ESD
Outputs : Hardware , OSS
As Maria von Trapp said , " Let 's start at the very beginning . "
When it comes to modern Linux audio , the beginning is the Advanced Linux Sound Architecture , or ALSA .
This connects to the Linux kernel and provides audio functionality to the rest of the system .
But it 's also far more ambitious than a normal kernel driver ; it can mix , provide compatibility with other layers , create an API for programmers and work at such a low and stable latency that it can compete with the ASIO and CoreAudio equivalents on the Windows and OS X platforms .
ALSA was designed to replace OSS .
However , OSS is n't really dead , thanks to a compatibility layer in ALSA designed to enable older , OSS - only applications to run .
It 's easiest to think of ALSA as the device driver layer of the Linux sound system .
Your audio hardware needs a corresponding kernel module , prefixed with snd_ , and this needs to be loaded and running for anything to happen .
This is why you need an ALSA kernel driver for any sound to be heard on your system , and why your laptop was mute for so long before someone thought of creating a driver for it .
Fortunately , most distros will configure your devices and modules automatically .
ALSA is responsible for translating your audio hardware 's capabilities into a software API that the rest of your system uses to manipulate sound .
It was designed to tackle many of the shortcomings of OSS ( and most other sound drivers at the time ) , the most notable of which was that only one application could access the hardware at a time .
This is why a software component in ALSA needs to manages audio requests and understand your hardware 's capabilities .
If you want to play a game while listening to music from Amarok , for example , ALSA needs to be able to take both of these audio streams and mix them together in software , or use a hardware mixer on your soundcard to the same effect .
ALSA can also manage up to eight audio devices and sometimes access the MIDI functionality on hardware , although this depends on the specifications of your hardware 's audio driver and is becoming less important as computers get more powerful .
Where ALSA does differ from the typical kernel module / device driver is in the way it 's partly user - configurable .
This is where the complexity in Linux audio starts to appear , because you can alter almost anything about your ALSA configuration by creating your own config file – from how streams of audio are mixed together and which outputs they leave your system from , to the sample rate , bit - depth and real - time effects .
ALSA 's relative transparency , efficiency and flexibility have helped to make it the standard for Linux audio , and the layer that almost every other audio framework has to go through in order to communicate with the audio hardware .
PulseAudio
Inputs : GStreamer , Xine , ALSA
Outputs : ALSA , Jack , ESD , OSS
If you 're thinking that things are going to get easier with ALSA safely behind us , you 're sadly mistaken .
ALSA covers most of the nuts and bolts of getting audio into and out of your machine , but you must navigate another layer of complexity .
This is the domain of PulseAudio – an attempt to bridge the gap between hardware and software capabilities , local and remote machines , and the contents of audio streams .
It does for networked audio what ALSA does for multiple soundcards , and has become something of a standard across many Linux distros because of its flexibility .
As with ALSA , this flexibility brings complexity , but the problem is compounded by PulseAudio because it 's more user - facing .
This means normal users are more likely to get tangled in its web .
Most distros keep its configuration at arm 's length ; with the latest release of Ubuntu , for example , you might not even notice that PulseAudio is installed .
If you click on the mixer applet to adjust your soundcard 's audio level , you get the ALSA panel , but what you 're really seeing is ALSA going to PulseAudio , then back to ALSA – a virtual device .
At first glance , PulseAudio does n't appear to add anything new to Linux audio , which is why it faces so much hostility .
It does n't simplify what we have already or make audio more robust , but it does add several important features .
It 's also the catch - all layer for Linux audio applications , regardless of their individual capabilities or the specification of your hardware .
If all applications used PulseAudio , things would be simple .
Developers would n't need to worry about the complexities of other systems , because PulseAudio brings cross-platform compatibility .
But this is one of the main reasons why there are so many other audio solutions .
Unlike ALSA , PulseAudio can run on multiple operating systems , including other POSIX platforms and Microsoft Windows .
This means that if you build an application to use PulseAudio rather than ALSA , porting that application to a different platform should be easy .
But there 's a symbiotic relationship between ALSA and PulseAudio because , on Linux systems , the latter needs the former to survive .
PulseAudio configures itself as a virtual device connected to ALSA , like any other piece of hardware .
This makes PulseAudio more like Jack , because it sits between ALSA and the desktop , piping data back and forth transparently .
It also has its own terminology .
Sinks , for instance , are the final destination .
These could be another machine on the network or the audio outputs on your soundcard courtesy of the virtual ALSA .
The parts of PulseAudio that fill these sinks are called ' sources ' – typically audio - generating applications on your system , audio inputs from your soundcard , or a network audio stream being sent from another PulseAudio machine .
Unlike Jack , applications are n't directly responsible for adding and removing sources , and you get a finer degree of control over each stream .
Using the PulseAudio mixer , for example , you can adjust the relative volume of every application passing through PulseAudio , regardless of whether that application features its own slider or not .
This is a great way of curtailing noisy websites .
AUSTRALIAN courts will increasingly have to grapple with the sexist cultural traditions of minorities from the Middle East and south Asia , the state 's most senior judge says , and will find it difficult without more support from politicians .
After 200 years of debate about how to deal with Aboriginal customary law , the Chief Justice , Jim Spigelman , said the country 's growing diversity was creating new conflicts about how to deal with the customs of immigrant populations .
Jim Spigelman ... conflict of values .
Credit : Sahlan Hayes
'' There are important racial , ethnic and religious minorities in Australia who come from nations with sexist traditions which , in some respects , are even more pervasive than those of the West , '' he said last night .
The legal dilemmas include honour crimes , forced marriages and other examples of violence against women , he said , but such cases exposed a rift between support for universal rights and our purported belief in tolerance .
Web Marketing in Massachusetts That Gets Results !
At GetReady Web Marketing our goal is to make sure you have a website that is effective at getting you new customers online .
We accomplish this with our Custom Web Designs , Search Engine Optimization , Google AdWords and Social Media services .
Our custom web designs will differentiate your business from your competitors , generate leads with a call to action and contact form on every page and are search engine friendly .
Our search engine optimization service will get your website on the first page of the search results when people search online for the services your business provides .
Pay - per - click services like Google AdWords will give your business visibility quickly .
A Social Medial presence on Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn and Google Plus will allow you to connect with your customers and acquire new ones .
When someone finds your website online we ’ll make sure your website looks credible and is effective at converting visitors into leads .
Our website redesign services will make sure your business has a search engine friendly and effective website .
Contact us today to learn more about our services .
Apple told us last week that it would not prevent third - party ad networks from embedding ads in applications for the iPad , iPhone and iPod Touch , even though those networks would compete with its own iAd platform .
" Yes , we still allow developers or other advertising companies to serve ads within their apps , " Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller told Wired.com .
However , section 3.3.9 of Apple 's new developers ' agreement appears to hobble non-Apple advertising networks , even though the company will allow them onto its devices .
" The use of third - party software in Your Application to collect and send Device Data to a third party for processing or analysis is expressly prohibited , " reads the line in question , as noted by All Things Digital .
The change is similar to , and potentially as far - reaching as , the modification to terms that requires iPhone apps to be written only in Apple - approved programming languages and not on third - party platforms such as Adobe Flash , even if they are subsequently converted into iPhone OS code .
The software development rule is an effective ban .
The analytics rule is not a ban on third - party ad networks – but by creating a competitive advantage for Apple 's iAd offering , it could amount to the same thing .
An ad network such as AdMob ( a Google acquisition target ) would clearly fall under the third - party category – the first two being Apple and the app developer – so this clause appears to bar competing ad networks from collecting data about how users interact with in - app ads on the iPad , iPhone and iPod Touch , or targeting them with specific ads .
Under the rule , a third - party ad network could embed an ad within an iPhone OS app , as Muller said – but only if the advertiser did n't care about who saw the ad , how long they may have looked at it , whether they interacted with it , or any of the other detailed metrics so prized by interactive marketers .
In other words , they will lose just about every advantage they currently possess over a paper flyer pasted to the side of a building .
The only way app developers will be able to advertise on Apple 's iPhone OS devices using more valuable ads that collect usage data will likely be to join iAd and cede 40 percent of ad revenue to Apple .
Section 3.3.9 also frightens app developers who do n't want to embed ads .
One app developer , who also asked to remain anonymous , fears what this clause could do to developers who simply want to improve their apps .
" That rule change is potentially scary until it is clear what Apple is prohibiting , " said this developer of several prominent apps , who asked to remain anonymous to avoid drawing scrutiny from Apple , because his or her apps collect usage data .
" Being able to ... test some things in your apps [ to ] get an idea of how users are using the apps can be very , very useful for making the apps better and learning about what users really want and enjoy . "
According to what another anonymous developer told Paul Boutin , formerly of Wired.com and now of VentureBeat , Apple will block the collection of that sort of data .
The company told a developer whose app it was rejecting : " It is not appropriate for applications to gather user analytics .
Specifically , you may not collect anonymous play data from a user 's game . "
Barring app developers from collecting usage information will hurt clearly app developers by limiting their ability to improve their apps .
As for competing ad networks , they appear to be hobbled by Apple 's new policy , reducing choice for developers who want to include ads on iPhone OS devices .
It would be very un - Apple - like for the company to back down and alter this agreement .
But if it really bars ad networks that compete with Apple iAd from gathering analytics , as appears to be the case , Apple iAd network will be able to offer far more valuable ads than any competing network will be able to — a powerful selling point .
See Also :
President Obama today proposed allowing oil and gas drilling for the first time in large swaths of water off the East Coast , in the eastern Gulf of Mexico and potentially off Alaska .
Angering environmentalists and pleasing industry groups , Obama and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said the expansion in drilling would balance the need to boost domestic energy production while protecting natural resources .
" The bottom line is this : Given our energy needs , in order to sustain economic growth and produce jobs and keep our businesses competitive , we are going to need to harness traditional sources of fuel even as we ramp up production of new sources of renewable , homegrown energy , " Obama said .
The plan calls for exploration in areas from Delaware to off the coastline of central Florida , while keeping the East Coast from New Jersey northward closed to oil and gas development .
But actual drilling would only take place after detailed study of the regions , which could take years .
The entire West Coast , from the Canadian to Mexican borders , would be off - limits .
Bristol Bay in Alaska would be kept closed to production , but the Chukchi and Beaufort seas might be opened to drilling after extensive studies .
The plan also calls for oil and gas exploration in the eastern Gulf of Mexico , more than 125 miles from Florida 's coast , in areas that are currently under congressional moratorium and closed to development .
The administration also plans by 2012 to hold a lease sale 50 miles off the coast of Virginia and one in the Cook Inlet in Alaska , if the government determines it can be done in an environmentally responsible manner and does not interfere with military activities there .
Obama pledged to protect areas vital to tourism , the environment and national security and to be guided by scientific evidence .
In what appeared to be a bid to assuage environmentalists who will be unhappy with the offshore drilling announcement , Obama used a portion of his remarks to tout his administration 's ongoing efforts to curb oil consumption .
He said U.S. EPA and the Transportation Department will meet tomorrow 's deadline to finalize new auto emissions and fuel economy standards , and announced plans to double the federal fleet of hybrid cars and trucks .
" So my administration is upholding its end of the deal , and we expect all parties to do the same , " Obama said .
The president also hyped government work being done to test biofuels in military vehicles , including a planned Earth Day test flight of a Navy fighter jet he stood in front of during the speech -- nicknamed the " Green Hornet " -- that if successful would be the first plane ever to break the sound barrier on a fuel mix that is half biomass .
The proposal outraged some environmental groups .
" It makes no sense to threaten the East Coast of America with spills and other drilling disasters when we 're about to unleash the real solutions to oil dependence -- cleaner cars and cleaner fuels , " said Anna Aurilio , director of Environment America 's Washington , D.C. , office .
Obama addressed those who will " strongly disagree " with this decision by saying the announcement is part of a broader strategy to move from an economy run on fossil fuel and foreign oil to one that relies on domestic fuels and clean energy .
" The only way this transition will succeed is if it strengthens our economy in the short term and long run , " he said .
" To fail to recognize this reality would be a mistake . "
The president also addressed those who argue the policy does not go far enough , such as House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , who criticized the proposal , saying it defies the will of the American people by keeping the " vast majority " of offshore energy resources off - limits .
" Opening up areas off the Virginia coast to offshore production is a positive step , but keeping the Pacific Coast and Alaska , as well as the most promising resources off the Gulf of Mexico , under lock and key makes no sense at a time when gasoline prices are rising and Americans are asking ' Where are the jobs ? ' "
Boehner said in a statement .
Obama said the United States has less than 2 percent of oil reserves but more than 20 percent of world consumption .
" Drilling alone can't come close to meeting our long - term energy needs , and for the sake of our planet and our energy independence , we need to begin the transition to cleaner fuels now , " Obama said .
The strategy will guide the current 2007 - 2012 offshore oil and gas leasing program , which was found by the courts last year to be legally flawed , as well as a new 2012 - 2017 program .
The plan calls for four more lease sales in the gulf by 2012 and after that would open up two - thirds of oil and gas resources in the eastern gulf while protecting critical military training areas , Salazar said .
Salazar said the gulf change would represent " the largest expansion of our nation 's available offshore oil and gas supplies in three decades . "
Alaska
The plans calls for exploratory drilling in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas in the Arctic Ocean , which could begin as early as this summer .
But no further lease sales in the seas will be held under the 2007 - 2012 program .
Environmental groups praised the administration for protecting Bristol Bay , saying it is one of the planet 's richest marine ecosystems .
Marilyn Heiman , Pew Environment Group's U.S. Arctic program director , said under the George W. Bush administration 's proposal about one - fifth , or 5.6 million acres , of Bristol Bay would have been opened to oil drilling .
" Bristol Bay must be protected for future generations as the home of the world 's largest wild sockeye salmon run and the nursery for Bering Sea fisheries that provide 40 percent of our nation 's seafood , " Heiman said .
Heiman also commended the Obama administration for " proceeding cautiously " in the Arctic .
" New leasing should not occur until improved oil spill response capacity is in place and we know better how to protect this sensitive region , " she said .
" Thorough science and planning must come before drilling in Arctic marine waters . "
Likewise , Cindy Shogan , executive director of the Alaska Wilderness League , said the decision " indicates that the Obama administration intends to make sound decisions based on science about if , when , where and how any future development occurs . "
She expressed confidence that study will show the more important ecological areas in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas should be off - limits to development .
Congressional reaction
House Interior Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Jim Moran ( D - Va. ) said he continues to oppose new offshore oil and gas drilling .
" Drilling risks harm to our environment and injury to our coastal communities that rely on fishing and tourism to sustain their livelihoods , " he said in a statement .
But Moran added that the administration has " offered an improved approach to a flawed policy rushed through during the final days of the Bush administration . "
As for drilling off the coast of his home state , Moran said he is encouraged that the military will be " granted a seat at the table and veto power " and said that even under the most optimistic scenario , no well will be sunk for at least another eight years .
Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming Chairman Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) announced he would reintroduce his " use it or lose it " legislation when Congress returns from its spring recess .
" Before oil companies drill off thousands of miles of pristine coastline , they should first use the thousands of drilling leases they already own , " Markey said in a statement .
Rep . Mike Pence of Indiana , chairman of the House Republican Conference , called the announcement a " smokescreen . "
" As usual , the devil is in the details , " Pence said .
" Only in Washington , D.C. , can you ban more areas to oil and gas exploration than you open up , delay the date of your new leases , and claim you 're going to increase production . "
House Natural Resources Committee ranking member Doc Hastings ( R - Wash . ) said the administration " is attempting to pull the wool over our eyes . "
" President Obama 's rhetoric conveys support for increasing American oil and natural gas production , while the reality is he 's proposing a plan that will close more areas to drilling than it opens , and the few areas still available wo n't be open for years , " Hastings said .
But House Natural Resources Chairman Nick Rahall ( D - W.Va . ) and Senate Energy and Natural Resources Chairman Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) praised the plan , saying it will bolster domestic energy while preserving some of the United States ' most sensitive offshore areas .
Enviro and industry groups
Greenpeace Executive Director Phil Radford said expanding offshore drilling in areas that have been protected for decades could lead to devastating oil spills , more pollution and climate change .
" Is this President Obama 's clean energy plan or Palin 's ' Drill , baby , drill ' campaign ? " he asked .
" While China and Germany are winning the clean energy race , this act furthers America 's addiction to oil . "
" We 're appalled that the president is unleashing a wholesale assault on the oceans , " said Oceana Senior Campaign Director Jacqueline Savitz .
" Expanding offshore drilling is the wrong move if the Obama administration is serious about improving energy security , creating lasting jobs and averting climate change .
Instead , the U.S. should focus its resources on expanding offshore wind and other renewable energy opportunities . "
Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said in a statement that his group is " very disappointed to see important areas like the Arctic coast and the Mid and South Atlantic stay open to oil drilling . "
" Drilling our coasts will doing nothing to lower gas prices or create energy independence , " Brune said .
" It will only jeopardize beaches , marine life , and coastal tourist economies , all so the oil industry can make a short - term profit . "
Barry Russell , president and CEO of the Independent Petroleum Association of America , said the announcement is a " welcomed first step to addressing the nation 's future energy needs . "
Thomas Pyle , president of the Institute for Energy Research , said Obama " once again ignored the will of the American people . "
He added , " Unfortunately , what President Obama outlined today puts part of that moratorium back in place .
Kicking the energy can further down the road is not a change in policy . "
American Petroleum Institute President and CEO Jack Gerard called the announcement " a positive development . "
" We look forward to reviewing the details of the proposal , and we stand ready to work with them to make this a reality , " Gerard said in a statement .
" We appreciate the administration 's recognition of the importance of developing our nation 's oil and natural gas resources to create jobs , generate revenues and fuel our nation 's economy . "
Renewable Fuels Association President Bob Dinneen slammed the plan , saying oil and gas are finite resources and reliance on them is " unsustainable , " while fuels such as ethanol hold great promise .
" Relying on 20th century energy sources to address 21st century challenges will not solve the problem , " Dinneen said in a statement .
" America 's energy policy must be focused on renewable sources that have great potential for innovation and improvement . "
Reporter Josh Voorhees contributed .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Details of GO preparation , SEM and AFM images of rG , TGA and IR data of rG and GO , XPS survey results of GO and re-oxidized graphene , Raman data of re-oxidized graphene and house - hold MW treated rG , and energy analysis on MW reduction of GO PDF ( 746K )
Banning trans fats from all foods in the UK would prevent thousands of heart attacks and deaths every year , and would be a simple way to protect the public and save lives , say two senior doctors in the British Medical Journal today .
Their views follow calls by public health specialists to eliminate the consumption of industrially - produced trans fats in the UK by next year .
Trans fats ( also known as trans fatty acids ) are solid fats found in margarines , biscuits , cakes , and fast food .
Many studies demonstrate harmful effects of trans fats on cardiovascular risk factors .
For example , trans fats increase the amount of low density lipoprotein ( LDL ) or ' bad cholesterol ' in the blood and reduce the amount of high density lipoprotein ( HDL ) or ' good cholesterol . '
People with high levels of LDL cholesterol tend to have a higher risk of getting heart disease , while people with high levels of HDL cholesterol tend to have a lower risk .
A recent analysis of all the evidence recommended that people should reduce or stop their dietary intake of trans fatty acids to minimise the related risk of coronary heart disease .
The authors , from Harvard School of Public Health in the US , report that bans in Denmark and New York City effectively eliminated trans fats , without reducing food availability , taste , or affordability .
There is also no evidence that such legislation leads to harm from increased use of saturated fats .
Removing industrial trans fats is one of the most straightforward public health strategies for rapid improvements in health , they write .
Based on current disease rates , a strategy to reduce consumption of trans fats by even 1 % of total energy intake would be expected to prevent 11,000 heart attacks and 7,000 deaths annually in England alone .
Action by the UK might also produce larger benefits by inspiring other developed and developing countries to take similar measures to protect their citizens ' health , they conclude .
Explore further Trans - fatty acids and insulin sensitivity
DETROIT -- The Phoenix Coyotes ' Ilya Bryzgalov on Monday was named one of three finalists for the Vezina Trophy as the league 's top goaltender .
New Jersey 's Martin Brodeur and Buffalo's Ryan Miller are the others .
Bryzgalov is one of the main reasons for Phoenix 's success this season , but the Detroit Red Wings say they have n't made him work hard enough .
" He 's a very athletic goaltender , '' Todd Bertuzzi said .
" He 's got good feet and he 's a big guy with quick hands .
We 've got to get 40 to 45 shots and make sure we 're in there to get the garbage .
We 've got to take over the front of the net . ''
The Red Wings want more second and third chances .
" It 's been one shot and then they take it out again , '' Tomas Holmstrom said .
" We need to get the second cycle going .
We 've got to have more patience with the puck and hold onto the puck .
Take the hit to make the play .
" He 's a good goalie , but I think their ( defense ) helps him to be a good goalie . ''
Watching shift lengths
The Red Wings seemed to get caught on the ice on long shifts at times in
, but coach Mike Babcock did n't think it was an issue .
" I thought our shift length was fine , '' Babcock said .
" It was interesting to note at the end of the night that ( Henrik Zetterberg ) played 20 minutes and ( Pavel Datsyuk ) played 16 ( minutes ) and they both played the same amount of shifts .
So why is that ?
It 's just a question I have . ''
It 's because Zetterberg is taking longer shifts than Datsyuk , or the numbers are wrong .
The way in which Facebook users become fans of brands , such as Coco - Cola , is also undergoing a minor facelift .
The ‘ Become a fan ’ button is being replaced with an invitation to say “ I like ” a brand instead .
These engagement adverts , which are a huge revenue generator for Facebook , once agreed to , allow the brand to send promotional messages to those consenting users which will appear in their personal news feeds .
How 94 % of fish stocks have vanished from British waters
Britain's fish stocks have fallen by 94 per cent since peak levels in 1937
Stocks of some popular fish in the waters around Britain have fallen to just 6 per cent of the level they were 120 years ago , an alarming study revealed yesterday .
It means that despite the march of technology , trawlers must work 17 times harder for each fish they catch than in the 19th century when vessels were sail - powered and kept close to port .
Experts found that the decline of cod , haddock and plaice since 1889 , when the first government records of fish landings began , has been far greater than thought .
But it has been masked by technological developments .
Fishermen now spend weeks at sea travelling to new fishing grounds and use deeper nets after being guided by radar towards shoals of fish .
Government statistics have been analysed for the first time by experts at the University of York and the Marine Conservation Society .
They show that levels of fish brought to shore peaked at 804,630 tons in 1937 , compared with just 148,000 now .
In England and Wales the amount of fish being caught in the 19th century was more than four times greater than current levels .
Writing in the online journal Nature Communications , researchers said the decline in stocks of popular fish ‘ is far more profound than previously thought ’ .
They warned that fisheries had been declining more seriously and over a longer period than has been suggested by scientific assessments of European fish stocks , which go back only 20 to 40 years .
And they called for much stronger reform of the EU Common Fisheries Policy to allow for fish in the seas around the UK to recover .
The policy allows foreign trawlers to take British fish on a massive scale and restricts what UK vessels can catch .
Britain is locked in a battle with Brussels over fish quotas - which force fishermen to dump nearly one million tons of dead fish into the North Sea each year .
A fisherman is banned from bringing fish ashore , even if it was caught accidentally , once he has reached his year ’s quota for a particular species .
The scientists ’ data showed that stocks of halibut , turbot , haddock and plaice have plunged by 94 per cent since 1889 .
Cod has fallen by 87 per cent , hake by more than 95 per cent .
The study compared the effort trawlers put in with the amount of fish they were rewarded with to assess the availability of fish , taking into account the size of boats and the technology available .
In 1889 fleets of smaller boats spent far less time at sea but landed much greater catches .
Since the 1950s larger boats , new technology and much longer times at sea have all been introduced – but productivity has fallen dramatically , suggesting a rapid and sustained decline in stocks .
The crash since 1889 has been huge for some species – with the rate at which halibut were being caught declining 500 times .
Ruth Thurstan , the study ’s lead author , said : ‘ For all its technological sophistication and power , today ’s trawl fishing fleet has far less success than its sail - powered equivalent of the late 19th century because of sharp declines in fish abundance . ’
Today I had to modify a piece of JavaScript code .
The code used return a single string , and I needed to modify it to return an array of objects .
Using C# , it would have been easy , change the return type , hit the compile button , fix the errors , rinse & repeat until it compiles .
In JavaScript code , however , it was much more complex , I had to find all the places where that method was called , and that particular parameter would pass unchanged throughout several functions before it was used , so I had to track that down .
Pretty annoying .
And since I know that I ’ll get questions on that , here is the actual example :
getDocument : function ( id , operation , successCallback ) { $ .ajax ( { url : settings .
server + ' docs / ' + id , dataType : ' json ' , complete : function ( xhr ) { switch ( xhr.status ) { case 200 : var data = JSON.parse ( xhr.responseText ) ; var etag = xhr.getResponseHeader( " Etag " ) ; var template = xhr.getResponseHeader( ' Raven -' + operation + '- Template ' ) ; successCallback ( data , etag , template ) ; break ; case 404 : successCallback ( null , null , null ) ; break ; } } } ) ; } ,
I needed to change the template variable from to a dictionary of headers , since it needed to be processed elsewhere .
As for where it was actually used , here is one such example , which shows several layer of indirection ( because of continuations ) :
Mr. Duncan called all 15 governors on March 29 to inform them of the two winners .
“ I did n’t know how those calls would go , ” Mr. Duncan said .
“ You know , you never want to call folks with bad news .
And I could n’t have been more impressed with their commitment and their desire to take the next step in Round 2 . ”
Joanne Weiss , an aide to Mr. Duncan who is administering the competition , said she and her staff were working hard to persuade states to improve their proposals for the second round .
“ But it ’ll be up to them , of course , to decide whether it ’s worth their time and resources , ” Ms. Weiss said .
A new rule capping award money , which is to be spent over four years , is causing states to waver .
California , which requested $ 1 billion , can now only hope to win $ 700 million .
Louisiana , which asked for $ 314 million , is now capped at $ 175 million , as is Colorado .
South Carolina , which hoped to win $ 300 million , came in sixth and is now capped at $ 175 million .
“ That ’s a lot of money , and we need it , ” said the state ’s superintendent of education , Jim Rex .
“ But spread it over four years , with all the federal expectations that come with it , and you have to ask whether you have the time and capacity to gear up again for the arduous work of filing a new proposal .
We ’re still weighing that . ”
Florida has already decided to reapply , said Eric Smith , the state ’s education commissioner .
But because the state built its proposal around a $ 1.1 billion award and its new limit is $ 700 million , Florida will have to rethink its plan , he said .
“ It ’s a pretty significant reduction , ” Mr. Smith said .
Delaware ’s $ 100 million prize gave that state $ 807 for each of its 124,000 students , Mr. Smith said .
With the new cap , Florida can aspire to receive only $ 266 for each student , he said .
BP will almost certainly see off a resolution at its annual meeting next week from 140 shareholders asking it to produce a report by next year about its tar sands activities .
City investors have rallied around BP 's management , but the level of protest is too significant to ignore .
A number of large overseas investors backed the resolution , as did about 5,000 individuals who participated in an internet drive to enfranchise pension fund members organised by lobby group FairPensions and supported by the Observer .
The campaign has succeeded in dragging BP out of its bunker : it has disclosed information about its financial assumptions and about talks with First Nation communities .
Shell , which is subject to a similar resolution , has gone further and produced a report a year earlier than asked .
That is progress , but not enough for investors to let either off the hook at this stage .
It is disappointing that the City has closed ranks around BP chief executive Tony Hayward .
But campaigners have won a moral victory by pushing tar sands on to the investment agenda .
Homologate [ ho ' malegat ] : verb .
1 ) approve for sale in a particular market or use in a particular class of racing .
2 ) express agreement with or approval of .
3 ) set something up to be loved by Jalopnik .
STI sedan , anyone ?
Advertisement
Few things are as excellent as a homologation special , and few homologation specials are as excellent as Subaru's WRX STI .
This is the latest version of the marque 's iconic performance car ; in addition to a host of suspension improvements , it features a return to the four - door form factor that once defined the model .
Advertisement
The four - door STI will accompany the five - door version into production for 2011 .
The model also receives updated suspension tuning — stiffer springs and sway bars front and rear as well as a lower ride height — and a host of minor trim updates .
( Yes , you sharp - eyed reader , you , those are three - inch stainless exhaust tips !
Good catch !)
The picnic - table spoiler is claimed to eliminate lift at speed .
The Massachusetts senator who succeeded Sen .
Ted Kennedy ( D - MA ) in the Bay State says he ’ll vote against repealing the Pentagon ’s longstanding ban on allowing gay men and women to serve openly in the military .
Sen. Scott Brown ( R - MA ) appears to be bucking the vast majority of residents of his state , 77 percent of whom supported getting rid of the military ’s anti-gay ban in a recent poll .
Even among Brown ’s own supporters , 62 percent backed nixing the policy , the poll said , as did 67 percent of independents who supported him .
ADVERTISEMENT
Brown said he will vote against a compromise reached Monday that would sunset the anti-gay law in the Senate Armed Services Committee , where he is a freshman member .
The news was first reported by The Boston Globe .
The deal reached between the White House and Congress on Monday would allow Congress to move ahead with overturning the ban on gay servicemembers , pending the completion of a Pentagon study into rescinding the policy .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who was appointed by President George W. Bush and kept on by President Obama , has said he wants his department to complete a review of the implications for removing the ban from the Uniform Code of Military Justice before any action is taken .
On Tuesday , Gates said he ’d reluctantly accept Congress ’ decision to vote to overturn the ban pending the Pentagon ’s complete study .
Gay rights activists say the Pentagon ’s even studying the issue is insulting .
“ I am keeping an open mind , but I do not support moving ahead until I am able to finish my review , the Pentagon completes its study , and we can be assured that a new policy can be implemented without jeopardizing the mission of our military , ” Brown said in a statement to the Globe .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ For some time now , I have been seeking the opinions and recommendations of service chiefs , commanders in the field , and , most importantly , our junior soldiers , sailors , airmen , and Marines , ” he added .
“ I believe we have a responsibility to the men and women of our armed forces to be thorough in our consideration of this issue and take their opinions seriously . ”
Brown serves in the National Guard .
" A Firefighter , A Demolition Expert , and an Architect Look at Ground - Zero " with firefighter and founder of Firefighters for 9/11 Truth , Erik Lawyer ; controlled demolition expert , Tom Sullivan ; and architect and founder of Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , Richard Gage .
Public events on May 7th and 8th , " Firefighters , Architects and Engineers – Truth Exposes 9/11 Myths " will take place in the Bay Area on May 7th at Marin County Civic Center at 7:30 pm ; and May 8th at the BAL Theatre in San Leandro at 7:30 pm .
Full information at www.ae911truth.org and www.firefightersfor911truth.org.
Advertisements
While discussing his plan for America on his Fox News program today , Glenn Beck was trying to improve his libertarian credibility , when he insulted the U.S. military by proclaiming that progressives had turned them into , “ the world ’s loiterers , ” so according to Beck the men and women in the military are loitering around the globe .
Way to support the troops there , Glenn .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Beck said , “ Japan , we love you .
Thank you for holding all of our bonds , but we ca n’t be the world ’s loiterers anymore …
Here ’s the deal .
I ’m tired of being world ’s policeman .
We ca n’t do it anymore , but in most cases we are n’t the world ’s policemen .
We are the world ’s loiterers .
We need to have a new no loitering policy , and that policy comes from the progressives .
The Republicans , they say we are going to send the green helmets in and we ’re going to nation build our way to global security , be more like us .
The liberals , the Democratic progressives , they say we ’ll do it through the United Nations .
We ’ll send in the blue helmets , which we pay for .
This does n’t work .
The idea of let ’s take our armies and eventually put blue helmets or green helmets on them does n’t work .
I do n’t want a global government .
I do n’t want a global military force . ”
Advertisements
Beck is claiming that progressives are trying to use the military to set up a global government , and that the Republicans have adopted this idea too , but they differ with the progressives on whether we should use US troops or international forces .
Beck was trying to make a Libertarian argument about the need to reduce the United States military ’s global footprint , but he got the facts all wrong .
I know that Beck was trying to say military expansion was a progressive idea and blame it on FDR , but the militarism of the United States actually goes back to the concept of Manifest Destiny .
Republicans fueled record increases in defense spending under Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush .
Bill Clinton caught holy hell from Republicans for trying to reduce the size of the military during the 1990s .
Beck ’s of the blame for the rise of the military industrial complex is flat out wrong .
Beck ’s intentions are clear .
He is laying out his plan , as the next step in establishing a third party in the United States .
This has been Beck ’s dream all along .
It is why he took the time to criticize both Republicans and Democrats on the growth of the military .
He is plotting a fracture of the GOP .
That is what this really about .
Glenn
Beck wants to take the fringe right and create the conservative theocracy of his dreams .
Republicans should be very worried about the ambitions of Glenn Beck .
OFFICIAL ONLINE HUNTER SAFETY EDUCATION COURSES
HUNTERcourse.com is the leading provider of hunter education across North America .
Our online hunter safety courses help students to meet mandatory education requirements in their state or province .
Our online hunter safety course is interactive , with animations , professional narration , exercises and even an exclusive online shooting range !
You can also benefit from our free hunter safety study guide , as well as the only online treestand safety course that meets all TMA guidelines – also free !
HUNTERcourse.com has certified thousands of hunters and counting !
We will guide you through the course material with easy - to - understand explanations and instructions , including colourful illustrations and animations .
We will help you prepare for your quizzes and exams so that you can feel safe and prepared when you embark on your next hunting trip .
How Do I Get a Hunting License ?
For more information please visit our Hunting License Information page or call us toll free 1-866-495-4868 .
Edit :
Please note that the issue described in this post has been fixed on newer versions of Haskell Platform , so you should n’t need to follow the instructions here .
Dan Haraj asked a question about installing wxHaskell on a Windows 7 machine .
Since he was having problems , and since I have never verified wxHaskell installation on Windows 7 , I agree to look into the problem .
Bottom line is that wxHaskell is fine on Windows 7 , but there ’s a problem with the Haskell Platform 2010 .
1.0.0 Windows installation .
The issue is that the GHC version used does n’t include C++ support , and wxHaskell needs this to build .
You have a couple of options for installing wxHaskell on Windows :
Just use an older Haskell Platform installer – these work fine .
Copy the required C++ support into Haskell Platform 2010 .1.0.0 yourself from a MinGW installation .
This is a horrible hack , as the files you will be copying to not correspond exactly to the MinGW version shipped in the Haskell Platform .
They are close enough to work , however , if doing this does n’t mortally wound your sense of software aesthetics .
You will need a copy of MinGW with gcc 3.4.5 installed , including C++ support .
The automated installer at Sourceforge will install the same versions I used – just remember to tick the box marked ‘ C++ ’ in the installer .
Once you have a suitable MinGW installation , do the following :
Copy cc1 plus.exe from a MinGW 3.4.5 install into c: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Haskell Platform\2010.1.0.0\mingw\libexec\gcc\mingw32\3.4.5
from a MinGW 3.4.5 install into Copy libstdc ++. a from a MinGW 3.4.5 install into c: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Haskell Platform \2010.1.0.0\mingw\lib
from a MinGW 3.4.5 install into Copy include\c ++ directory from a MinGW 3.4.5 install into c: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Haskell Platform \2010.1.0.0\mingw\include\c++
If you are using Windows 7 , you will need to have Administrator privilege to do this .
After this , you can install wxHaskell on Windows 7 as follows :
Open a cmd.exe window running as Administrator ( press Start , type cmd into the search box and right click on the cmd icon to use the ‘ Run as Administrator ’ option .
Type cabal install wx
You should have a working wxHaskell installation in a few minutes .
A couple of notes :
cabal install wx –user does n’t work on Windows 7 without Administrator privilege , which kinda defeats the object .
I will need to look into the reason for this , but it ’s not at the top of my list .
You ca n’t run cabal install wx in an MSys shell .
It breaks horribly .
This means you build wxWidgets in a different shell to the one in which you install wxHaskell .
I ’ve updated the wiki to reflect this …
Because I love you guys soooo much ( Yeah in that creepy way too ) .
Here is the start of my “ Make your own Necronomicon Tutorial .
This is what you ’ll end up with when your done .
1. Step One :
Wait until your overly trusting wife is not looking , then betray said trust by stealing one of her photo albums .
Remove and discard all the sentimental stuff .. i.e. Irreplacable pictures of your “ loved ones . ”
Now strip the outside of it off till you expose the evil cardboard underneath .
It should look like this .
Please not your descent into madness begins here …
2. Step Two : Purchase a package of “ Super Sculpey ” from the most hideous craft store you can find .
When you hear the wailings of the damned you ’ve found the right place .
Also the little old ladies coming in and our of this abode of the damned should be fairly recognizable with all the tenticles and disturbing gutteral language .
When you ’ve got your sculpey now start bulking out some evil shapes on the cardboard .
By now you may notice you are starting to have fitfull dreams of a cyclopean city beneath the waves and you are fealing a strange tingle in the back of your skull as if something is scratching for purchase in your mind … .
Do n’t worry this is perfectly normal .
3. Step Three : Keep bulking out your shapes and scraping away sculpey in other areas to make as many maddening curves as you like .
Those of you who took advanced Non-euclidean geometry in high school should find this easy … provided your still somewhat sane .
Do n’t worry about making anything smooth yet or putting in texture .
The voices in your head are probably becoming louder now making it a bit difficult to manage your personal life .
You may notice that you begin laughing hysterically at inapropriate moments like when your wife and children leave you , when the police start questioning you , and even when watching an Adam Sandler movie .
That guys just not funny .
4. Step Four : Now to add detail .
When you ’ve got your shapes about right smooth everything down with some turpintine and a soft brush .
Turpintine disolves sculpey and is great for smoothing things .
When it ’s as smooth as you like .
Let it dry .
Now is when I add skin texture and wrinkles .
Take a wire and lightly brush it all over the sculpey however you think wrinkles should go ( A mirror will help with this as this whole process has probably prematurely aged you .
In fact you should be looking a bit cadaverous as well … yummy )
When you ’ve gouged up your nice work and starting to get worried you ’ve ruined it take some more turpentine and knock back the texture with the brush .
Let it dry .
Keep doing this till your satisfied …
Or untill Dread Cthulhu orders you to stop .
When it ’s dry , stumble / drag yourself to your kitchen and place it in the oven .
No do n’t put your head inside , that ’s the cowards way out .
Cook it for about a half hour at about 250 degrees .
It ’s going to stink a bit and be smokey … kinda like you at this point .
Do n’t overcook it or it will warp the board .
The voices in your head have become screams .
You may notice strange sores appearing on your body that do n’t seam to heal .
This could be from this whole process ….
or maybe you should n’t have dated that stripper .
What was her name … Bambi something .
Did you know she used to be a dude ?
5. Step Five : Yeah !
Go out and get some black primer from your local hobby store .
Do n’t worry about your hideous stench and sudden lack of social skills .
At a hobby shop you will blend right in .
( Come on guys .
Soap .
It ’s not Kryptonite .
Take a bath every once in a while . )
Spray your little abomination till he ’s good and black … .
Then when your done spraying your child and social services has taken him away spray the book you ’ve been working on .
Now it ’s on to the other side .
Those sores have started to grow …
Holy crap !
That one has a face !
That is soooo cool .
Clicky here for Part two .
Thanks to my good friend Paul McBride for bringing this latest attack against freedom to my attention .
I had posted some time earlier this year about this potential legislation , but was not aware it is now the law of the land .
Here is his email from Paul and a copy of the new law in PDF at the end .
The law is aimed at foreign bank account holders and those sending money outside the U.S. .
This could affect peoples ability to buy homes outside the country .
It will certainly affect their ability to have an account offshore .
What banks wants to deal with this ?
In answer to his question on what I think about this ?
It sucks !
Sam , in all the controversy surrounding the recently passed health care bill in the U.S. , another piece of legislation was pushed through Congress ( and signed by the President ) that will have a far reaching impact on anyone thinking about buying real estate or investing overseas .
The name of the bill is the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act ( H.R. 2487 ) commonly known as the HIRE Act .
This is the jobs incentive bill that was signed by the President on March 18th amid little fanfare .
Relatively small by Washington standards ( “ just ” an $ 18 billion stimulus package ) the bill was drafted to provide incentives to employers to hire more people but contains some very disturbing language concerning the ownership and transference of money to any overseas account .
The truly galling part of the bill is that it attempts to require “ foreign financial and non-financial institutions to withhold 30 % of payments made to such institutions by U.S. individuals unless such institutions agree to disclose the identity of such individuals and report on the bank transactions ” .
Think about this – the U.S. government is attempting to strong arm foreign financial and non-financial institutions ( think banks and law firms ) to either withhold 30 % of the transactions in a U.S. individual ’s account ( and presumably remit this to the U.S. Treasury ) or disclose the account details to the U.S. .
The language of the bill addresses both bank accounts and any foreign trusts ( ie- Private Interest Foundations ) .
But what if a foreign , sovereign country has laws against the disclosure of this information ?
Well , the bill contemplates this as well .
Here ’s the actual language from the bill :
‘ ‘( F ) in any case in which any foreign law would ( but
for a waiver described in clause ( i ) ) prevent the reporting
of any information referred to in this subsection or subsection
( c ) with respect to any United States account maintained
by such institution —
‘ ‘( i ) to attempt to obtain a valid and effective
waiver of such law from each holder of such account ,
and
‘ ‘( ii ) if a waiver described in clause ( i ) is not
obtained from each such holder within a reasonable
period of time , to close such account . ” ( my emphasis )
In other words , under this legislation , a U.S. citizen having an account with a foreign institution will be required to waive the privacy protection afforded by local law .
If they fail to do this , the financial or non-financial institution is required to close the account .
And what information do they want .
Here again is the actual language of the bill :
‘‘( c ) INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE REPORTED ON UNITED
STATES ACCOUNTS .—
‘‘ (1 ) IN GENERAL .
— The agreement described in subsection
( b ) shall require the foreign financial institution to report the
following with respect to each United States account maintained
by such institution :
‘‘( A ) The name , address , and TIN of each account holder
which is a specified United States person and , in the case
of any account holder which is a United States owned
foreign entity , the name , address , and TIN of each substantial
United States owner of such entity .
‘‘( B ) The account number .
‘‘( C ) The account balance or value ( determined at such
time and in such manner as the Secretary may provide ) .
‘‘( D ) Except to the extent provided by the Secretary ,
the gross receipts and gross withdrawals or payments from
the account ( determined for such period and in such
manner as the Secretary may provide ) .
Keep in mind Sam , this is not proposed legislation .
This is already law .
There is much , much more in this bill .
I ’ve attached a PDF file containing the language of the bill .
The important information can be seen if you scroll down to section on page 27 of the bill entitled :
TITLE V—OFFSET PROVISIONS
Subtitle A— Foreign Account Tax
Compliance
PART I—INCREASED DISCLOSURE OF
BENEFICIAL OWNERS
SEC .
501 . REPORTING ON CERTAIN FOREIGN ACCOUNTS .
As we have suspected for some time , the U.S. government is closing the window for U.S. citizens to protect their assets by moving them offshore .
It wo n’t be long before it will be punitively expensive to move any amount of money overseas for any purpose .
I have n’t seen this legislation discussed anywhere on the Internet and I think it would be a good story for the blog .
Sadly , America is losing its freedoms and its citizens are standing meekly by while the noose of government control gets tighter and tighter .
Download HIRE Act of 3-18 - 10
2K Games and Valve today announced an agreement to power all PC versions of the highly anticipated Sid Meier 's Civilization V with many of Steamworks ' features and offer a special Digital Deluxe Edition via Steam .
Customers who pre-order the regular or Digital Deluxe editions of Sid Meier 's Civilization V on Steam will be rewarded with a free map pack when the game launches in fall 2010 .
Sid Meier 's Civilization V players will enjoy the benefits of the Steamworks ' features included in all PC versions , such as auto- updating , Steam Achievements , downloadable content , ability to access from any computer * , multiplayer matchmatching and more .
Sid Meier 's Civilization V Digital Deluxe Edition will expand players ' conquests with the new Babylonian civilization and their ruler , Nebuchadnezzar II ( c. 630 - c. 561 B.C. ) .
As King of Babylon , gamers will be able to expand their empire with advanced Babylonian Bowmen to rightfully earn the title of Nebuchadnezzar the Great .
Sid Meier 's Civilization V Digital Deluxe Edition will also include an in - depth " Behind the Scenes at Firaxis with Civilization V " video feature , as well as the game 's epic soundtrack .
Gamers who pre-order any version of Sid Meier 's Civilization V from Steam will receive the downloadable bonus content , Cradle of Civilization Map Pack : Mesopotamia for free when the game is available .
The map pack will let players experience the traditional Western and Middle Eastern " Cradle of Civilization . "
The pack will include the Fertile Crescent with the Nile River valley to the west and extending east down the Tigris and Euphrates river valleys to the Persian Gulf .
Leaders will be able to explore new terrain , cultures and conquests .
For those who can't wait for the immersive experience of Sid Meier 's Civilization V , 2K Games is proud to offer a Steam - wide 75 % off sale on all previous Civilization titles for a limited time beginning May 6 , 2010 .*
In supported countries
The second clause said that if any country finds it cannot raise funding for the rescue at interest rates below the 5 pc charge agreed for Greece , it may opt out of the bail - out .
BNP Paribas said this would escalate quickly into a systemic crisis if Spain were in such a position , because the other countries cannot carry an ever - rising burden .
The bank warned the euro project itself may start to disintegrate rapidly if these rescue provisions are ever seriously put to the test .
Looking back , those who crossed paths with Kaushal Niroula - an exchange student accused in a dizzying binge of graft and murder - wonder if anything he ever said was true .
He was n't royalty in his native Nepal , as he once claimed , nor was he an estate lawyer or a luxury condominium buyer .
Considering he is gay , it appears he did not fall in love with the Japanese tourist to whom he became engaged - while allegedly relieving her of half a million dollars .
With wonder and horror , authorities and associates are recounting a singular crime spree in which , they say , a dogged con man exploited others ' goodwill or greed .
" This guy wanted that quantum leap , " said Greg Ovanessian , a veteran San Francisco police fraud inspector , " from zero to everything . "
In his wake , authorities say , he left ruin .
He contributed to the 2008 closure of New College of California in San Francisco , which had been around for 37 years .
He is accused of conning an art collector out of $ 400,000 - money he blew in Las Vegas .
In the capper , police say , Niroula and an odd band of accomplices killed a Palm Springs retiree and tried to sell his home .
That has the 28 - year - old Niroula - whom San Francisco prosecutors call the " Dark Prince " - in a Riverside County jail awaiting a Sept. 7 murder trial .
" Honey , " Niroula once told a friend in a text message revealed by prosecutors in the Palm Springs case , " everyone believes me until they have been conned ... some even after that . "
The promise
Niroula had many believers after arriving in 2002 on a visa sponsored by New College , an alternative school in the Mission District .
The instructor who recruited him , Jerry Dekker , said Niroula had lived in a one - room home in Kathmandu but had a striking personality .
" Being poor , gay and incredibly sharp , " Dekker said , " he wanted to escape that world . "
At New College , Niroula showed promise .
His manners were regal , and he called instructors " sir " and " ma'am . "
He also spun a story .
Although he was n't paying tuition , he was rich - but cash - poor because his accounts were frozen amid unrest in Nepal .
When he could , Niroula said , he would give the school $ 1 million .
The scandal
New College needed the lifeline .
And its leader bought in .
" He was very good at showing just enough little crumbs , " said former New College President Martin Hamilton .
Once , he recalled , he went to dinner with Niroula and a man the student introduced as Nepal 's former deputy foreign minister .
Another time , Hamilton got a call from a banker in India who explained how Niroula was busy making arrangements for the $ 1 million donation .
The money never came , but scandal did .
Niroula , faculty members said , gave the registrar papers with fake grades and Hamilton 's signature .
Hamilton said the signature was forged , but the resulting probe helped cost the school its accreditation with the Western Association of Schools and Colleges .
Hamilton , who resigned in 2007 , now admits he tried to help Niroula even after being conned out of thousands of dollars of his own money .
" He had me convinced that his sister - and this sounds embarrassing - had been kidnapped , " he said .
" He needed a few thousand dollars to get her released . "
The veneer
As the school sank , Niroula built an image that awed some people and turned off others .
He did n't work , but amassed enough cash to frequent the Four Seasons and ride in limos .
At Martuni's in San Francisco , bartenders recall him peeling off $ 100 for two drinks .
" Image is everything , " Ovanessian said .
" When you buy a round for the house , it has an effect . "
Former housemate Thomas Avona , who was briefly married to a Nepalese who came to the United States with Niroula , described him as a childhood " nerd " who took flight in San Francisco .
" He destroyed money , " Avona said .
" He made you feel like everything was going to be OK , because he had either the money or the scheme to take care of it . "
The con games
The schemes that followed included the one that hooked the Japanese tourist .
After meeting the woman on a 2006 trip to Waikiki , Niroula said he could get her a U.S. visa for investors if she wired more than $ 500,000 into a domestic account .
When she did , Niroula drained the account with forged checks , the woman wrote in a lawsuit .
Soon , he explained that he had only borrowed the money to help relatives flee Nepal .
He was a member of the royal family , he said , and there were complications - his sister had been kidnapped .
The woman then gave another $ 41,000 for ransom .
She later told police - who doubt Niroula ever had a kidnapped sibling - that she planned to marry Niroula .
They had not had sex , she explained , because " he respected her , " Ovanessian said .
Then there was the tale of the pretend painting .
In September 2007 , police say , Niroula and an art dealer boyfriend told collector Gary Heidenreich that he could acquire a work by surrealist Yves Tanguy .
The British crown wanted to sell it quietly - the Nazis had once owned it - and needed $ 400,000 of the $ 990,000 price up front .
Heidenreich gave the money to the boyfriend , who gave it to Niroula , who spent much of it at Bellagio in Las Vegas , police say .
If Niroula was ambitious , he was also sloppy , authorities say .
Heidenreich 's money was traced to him , and on Feb. 29 , 2008 , San Francisco police arrested him .
By then , though , he had made a fateful connection - befriending an attorney and his client who had filed a high - profile , and lucrative , lawsuit against a San Francisco financier .
The sex case
According to a friend , Niroula read about the attorney , David Replogle , and his client Danny Garcia in People magazine .
He soon grew close to them and partied with Garcia .
Garcia had become well known in 2003 by suing Thomas
White , saying the wealthy financier had sex with him as a teenager .
Two years later , White settled the suit - and a second suit Replogle filed on behalf of Mexican boys who said White abused them in Puerto Vallarta - for $ 10 million .
Garcia , who is now 27 , had helped recruit the Mexican plaintiffs .
Today ,
White remains jailed in Mexico and faces federal sex - tourism charges in San Francisco .
But he is appealing the deal with the Mexican boys , claiming that Garcia , Replogle and others conned him .
It was Replogle , records show , who paid Niroula 's $ 250,000 bail in the art caper .
Niroula allegedly tried to pay him back by stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars in jewelry from a friend in Novato , and was arrested in August 2008 .
A month later , a Marin County judge released Niroula , pending trial , when a hearing had to be postponed .
The lead detective , records show , was unavailable while on honeymoon .
The soap opera
Within weeks , authorities say , Niroula was planning his two most startling crimes .
" I am a predator , " he texted Garcia in November 2008 .
" That 's why you love me . "
Niroula , Garcia and Replogle had unusual relationships .
Replogle once got a restraining order against Garcia , who countered in a court declaration that Replogle had showered White 's alleged Mexican victims with cash and did n't care if they told the truth .
Garcia and Niroula were " hot and cold , " a boyfriend of Garcia 's later testified .
During a cold stretch , he said , Garcia hacked Niroula 's e-mail and called people Niroula knew to warn them about him - including the Japanese tourist .
He told others Niroula had tried to infiltrate the sex - tourism case to get some of White 's money .
The inheritance
Still , in late 2008 , Niroula and Garcia were in close contact .
Prosecutors say they texted each other about " Operation C.L. , " which targeted Cliff Lambert , 74 , a Palm Springs retiree who was about to vanish .
Lambert knew Garcia first , having met him online , Riverside County prosecutor Lisa DiMaria told a judge last year .
Then , she said , Niroula became estate lawyer " Samuel Orin . "
He called Lambert to say he was in line for a big inheritance , prompting Lambert to invite him over .
The unraveling
On Dec. 5 , 2008 , prosecutors say , Niroula showed up at the house with two Heald College students from San Francisco whom he had offered a split of $ 30,000 .
One grabbed a knife and stabbed Lambert repeatedly , DiMaria said .
She said Lambert was stuffed in the trunk of his own car and buried in the desert .
His body has never been found .
Garcia immediately splurged with Lambert 's bank cards , DiMaria said , while Replogle posed as Lambert to give Niroula 's art dealer boyfriend , Russell Manning , power of attorney over the dead man 's affairs .
On Jan. 6 , 2009 , DiMaria said , Manning deeded Lambert 's home to Niroula , who deeded it to San Jose telecommunications executive Jay Shah - who had once bailed him out of immigration custody .
The next day , though , police caught a break .
The man who allegedly stabbed Lambert , Miguel Bustamante , was caught cleaning out the victim 's home .
In jail , prosecutors say , he detailed the conspiracy to an informant .
Detectives also heard from a Saratoga real estate agent who had once let Niroula stay with him and his wife .
Mark Evans said Niroula and Replogle had asked him to sell the Palm Springs house .
The explanation : Lambert had offered the property in a secret deal after he and another man tied up Niroula , raped him and gave him AIDS .
" It 's always a wild story , " Evans said .
The condo con
Even as police investigating the Lambert killing closed in , authorities say , Niroula was scheming another audacious crime .
In early 2009 , while acting as home - shopper " Syd Jones , " Niroula got a look at a condominium in One Rincon Hill , San Francisco 's tallest residential tower , said city prosecutor Michael Troncoso .
Meanwhile , the prosecutor said , an accomplice , Winston Lum , forged papers to take title of the condo and two others worth $ 7.5 million - then applied for equity loans .
Before the real owner of the three condos discovered what was going on , the lender visited the units to make sure the deal was solid .
Lum took on the role of a Chinese - language speaker , Troncoso said , while Niroula became his translator .
Lum did n't speak Chinese , though , and spouted " gibberish , " the prosecutor said .
An investigation began when the real owner , Shirley Hwang , started getting Lum 's mail and discovered he , not she , held title with the city recorder .
Lum , along with two other alleged participants - Jay Shah and San Jose attorney Melvin Emerich , who once aided Niroula in his Marin County case - have pleaded not guilty to multiple criminal counts .
The takedown
Niroula was also charged in the condo case .
But by the time San Francisco prosecutors went to court , he and Replogle had been arrested on suspicion of murdering Lambert .
The two were taken into custody March 2 , 2009 , outside a hearing in the art fraud case .
Later that week , the $ 2.2 million condo loan was paid out to various accounts that police say are linked to the suspects .
One check , for $ 869,000 , was cashed in Zurich .
But Niroula " barely missed the money , " Ovanessian said .
In July , police found Bustamante 's Heald College classmate Craig McCarthy and charged him with Lambert 's murder .
Manning , Niroula 's art dealer boyfriend , was arrested the next month .
Authorities could n't tie the 68 - year - old to the killing , so he pleaded guilty to fraud and got five years in prison .
As for Replogle and Garcia - who is also charged with murdering Lambert - they say they had nothing to do with his disappearance .
Replogle 's lawyer , John Patrick Dolan , said his 61 - year - old client thought Niroula had traveled to Palm Springs to finalize a settlement with Lambert over his purported sexual assault of Niroula .
Later , Dolan said , Replogle posed as Lambert only after his life was threatened by his alleged accomplices .
But prosecutors say Replogle spoke on the phone to Niroula , Garcia and Bustamante more than 160 times in the days before Lambert 's disappearance .
The last believer
As a trial nears , Niroula is still trying to sell his story .
He is acting as his own attorney .
He did not respond to an interview request sent to him in jail .
But he still talks often on the phone to Jerry Dekker - the New College instructor who recruited him back in 2002 - assuring him he is innocent .
" He said , ' Jerry , you know me better than anybody .
I 'm just a poor Nepali boy from south Kathmandu , ' " Dekker said .
" He said he wants to go back to school , get his degree and get a job in the U.S. State Department . "
Dekker said he does not condone any of the acts of which Niroula is accused , but has some sympathy for him .
Niroula has suffered from homophobia and the greed of others , he said , and his story " could be instructive to all of us about the hopes and aspirations of people from poor countries . "
He was asked if Niroula might be manipulating him .
" Of course , that 's his genius ! "
Dekker said .
" You do n't think I know that ? "
God only knows how many times I ’ve whined on Twitter about the sharp edge on my MacBook Pro right where your wrists rest while working on it .
I swear to Buddha that after 15 minutes of working on this thing I have lines deep enough imprinted in my forearms to make people think I ’m trying to slash my wrists !
Furthermore , this laptop nearly makes me want to !!!
But tonight I ’d had enough .
After a marathon session of pain , I finally got off my lazy butt and did something about it .
So , here is a video of me taking a file to my MacBook Pro and doing what Apple should have done long , long ago !
UPDATE
I ’ve received numerous emails and phone calls from people asking me what type of files and clamps I used when shaving the sharp edge off of my Macbook .
In order for me to get back to work and stop fielding questions , I decided to put the MacBook Pro Mod Shopping List together on Amazon.com showing exactly what will work .
You can duplicate the results for about $ 12 worth of tools .
So get to it folks ! ;-)
If you want to do it yourself its actually quite easy .
Just get a couple of clamps and gently attach your MacBook to a strong , stable surface .
Then take a fine file to the edge and slowly begin removing material .
After 10 - 20 strokes you ’ll feel a world of difference in the edge of the device .
Just make sure you do n’t get the aluminum shavings in your finger .
You do not want aluminum splinters !
Have fun , and feel free to ask questions .
EDIT : For those with comments and questions about this process .
For all those who are worried about removing the anodized finish , do n’t .
I did this a month ago , and there is no “ black stuff ” or any other sort of residual .
( AKA – My sleeves are n’t dirty . )
You should know that I ’m also a trained welder , blacksmith and bladesmith .
I ’ve got hunks of aluminum in my garage that I machine on my milling machine , cut on my CNC plasma cutting machine , and weld on my big ass Lincoln TIG welder .
In other words , I ’m experienced at working with Aluminum .
This tiny amount of filed area is not going to get exposed to a harsh environment because your laptop ca n’t take it !
Plus , the oil from your skin rubbing in this are will actually keep that small area further protected .
Note that I used a file and did this by hand .
That is because the file removes metal as shavings – not dust .
I would highly NOT recommend doing this with sandpaper or another abrasive .
As you can see from the video the shavings are too big to become airborne and can be swept right up .
Also , there is no chance of any of them getting inside the computer .
Finally , turn your machine off .
I ONLY left mine on so people would not think this was a hoax .
YES , I really did this to my MBP .
And yes , I can afford it if I broke it .
So guess what , I took the risk so you do n’t have to wonder if it can be done .
Not the first time I ’ve done something like this , nor will it be the last .
So , you ’ve got two choices if your bothered by the sharp edge on your MacBook .
Listen to the guy who did it and had zero negative consequences .
Listen to people who did NOT do it , but who have a desperate need to sound like a metallurgist or some sort of authority despite their lack of hands on experience .
The only thing I ’ll advise is that when you are filing be careful about brushing the shavings off with bare hands or you might end up with aluminum splinters .
They are no fun . ;-)
Great idea for using paper coffee cups for gardening purposes .
I never thought to use them that way .
We always buy the cups because of their " green " ability ( and it saves us throwing away plastic AND washing dishes , ) this would be a great way to reuse them .
An even closer - to - home recycling so to say .
I linked where we buy our cups ( in bulk , because it 's cheaper ) above if anyone wants to get a head start on their garden , or change their use habits . :)
Thanks for the article !
Maybe we can match it up with a green watering system , too !
MOST people who illegally download movies , music and TV shows would pay for them if there was a cheap and legal service as convenient as file - sharing tools like BitTorrent .
That 's the finding of the most comprehensive look yet at people who illegally download TV shows , movies and music in Australia , conducted by news.com.au and market research firm CoreData .
The survey canvassed the attitudes of more than 7000 people who admitted to streaming or downloading media from illegitimate sources in the past 12 months .
It found accessibility was as much or more of a motivator than money for those who illegally download media using services like BitTorrent .
More respondents said they turned to illegal downloads because they were convenient than because they were free , when it came to all three types of media covered by the survey — TV shows , movies and music .
And more than two - thirds said they would pay for downloads from a legitimate service that was just as convenient if it existed .
The hypothetical legitimate service was described as giving users access to TV shows , movies and music they wanted , when they wanted them , without ads or copy protection .
The survey also found :
TV shows are illegally downloaded more regularly , and by more people , than movies or music .
GEN Y is prepared to pay more for legal downloads of TV shows and movies than any other age group , while people between 31 and 50 are more likely to pay top dollar for music .
THE most popular prices for legal downloads chosen by respondents were $ 1 per TV show , $ 2 per movie and 50 c per music track .
Click here to read the full results
Freedom of use
David Crafti , president of the Pirate Party Australia political group , said the survey results showed illegal downloaders were in fact frustrated consumers .
" People are n't just looking for a free ride .
They 're living in the modern world and expecting business models to keep up with them , " he said .
Mr Crafti said restrictive copy protection measures that " crippled " many legal download stores — such as locking movie or music files so they can only be played on specific devices — turned users off buying media through legitimate channels .
" I think what it comes down to is freedom , " he said .
" They just want to know that they 've got the data , they can watch it whenever they want , on whatever device they want , they can watch it three months later , or a year later , and not have any time limitations . "
If there was a legitimate online service that gave people the same freedoms offered by pirated media at a cheap price , Mr Crafti said many downloaders would switch to it .
" They 'd be happy to be signed up to it , to be able to not have to search BitTorrent and have to figure out which bad quality version of it to get , " he said .
" While some people would still not pay for it , there 'd be enough people who would pay for it to create and maintain a very sustainable media industry . "
Stealing from the rich
Neil Gane , the executive director of anti-piracy group Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft , said there was a need for businesses to develop more flexible models — but they were being hampered by piracy .
" This is something that consumers obviously want , and it 's something that legitimate businesses are striving for , " he said .
" ( But ) I think industry and government have to address the current rampant infringement that 's available online .
" Movie industries obviously want to make their content available online , but they can't compete currently with a free alternative that 's perpetrated through theft .
" Once there is a level playing field , I think you 'll begin to see a lot more flexible , innovative business models . "
Mr Gane also questioned whether pirates would really be prepared to pay for legitimate downloads , or were simply saying they would in order to justify their behaviour .
" We 've always seen a Robin Hood type of attitude towards movie piracy and certainly when it comes to downloading and illegal file - sharing in general that it's all about hurting the Tom Cruises of the world who are probably paid too much money in the first place , and it 's essentially a victimless crime , " he said .
" This type of Robin Hood attitude is often used to justify such behaviour that the majority know very well is illegal . "
The price is wrong
Mr Gane also said some of the prices survey respondents said they were prepared to pay for legal downloads were unrealistic .
More than two - thirds of respondents in news.com .au's survey said they would be prepared to pay for movies through a convenient legal download service .
Almost half said they would pay $ 2 per movie , followed by 28 per cent who said they would pay $ 5 and a minority who would fork out a premium price of $ 10 .
Mr Gane said the most popular price — $ 2 per episode — was n't going to cut it for the film industry .
" The average ( cost of a ) Hollywood movie in 2008 to make and market was $ 108 million .
So it 's a very expensive business and it's a very risky business .
To expect to be able to purchase a copy of that movie for $ 2 is a rather unrealistic ask , " Mr Gane said .
The expectation of getting something for nothing , or close to nothing , was a by - product of the internet era and would have to change , Mr Gane said .
" There 's almost a devaluation of quality content in the internet space and this devaluation has perhaps been one of the negative legacies of the digital age , " he said .
" There is a cross-section of the online community who now mistakenly almost believe this warped maxim that if it 's online it should be free . "
The Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft protects the copyright interests of the film and television industry in Australia and represents major studies including Village Roadshow , Disney , Paramount , Sony , Universal , Fox and Warner Bros .
Earlier this year the group lost a court case launched against internet service provider iiNet over the alleged copyright infringements of its customers .
Australia 's Pirate Party is based on the Swedish group of the same name , which won about 7 per cent of votes in the country 's 2009 election
The local group says it is focused on civil liberties and copyright law reform and plans to contest the next federal election .
According to the most recent statistics from 2006 , film piracy costs the movie industry in Australia about $ 230 million a year , with internet pirates blamed for up to $ 92 million of that .
Mr Gane said that figure would only have risen in recent years as broadband speeds in Australia increased .
Advertisements
For the past 10 days , Fox News has been full throatily endorsing the new immigration bill that was just signed yesterday in Arizona .
Fox has been consistently pushing the idea that the AZ bill is the model for the nation .
Here are some examples of the Goebbels like usage of propaganda by Fox News on this story .
Here is some video from April 15 of Fox News pushing the bill courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Brian Kilmeade introduced the segment on Fox and Friends by saying , “ Arizona is close to having one of the toughest immigration enforcement laws in the United States , maybe in our history .
The legislation would make it a crime to be in the country illegally .
It ’s the latest move to combat increasing violence at their border , so could this be used as a model for the rest of the nation , or does the bill go too far ? ”
The network then brings in the man behind the bill state representative John Kavanagh to promote the bill .
They never featured a guest in this segment who argued that the bill goes too far .
This is typical Fox News practice where they asked a balanced question , but only put the conservative point of view on the air .
Today on Fox and Friends Saturday Media Matters captured a much more insidious piece of Fox News propaganda on their chryon .
As you can see the second part of the question has been dropped , so what is left is a loaded question about the AZ law being the model for America .
Fox News has mastered the art of visual propaganda in their graphics and crawls .
FNC knows that they are on screens all over hospitals , doctors ’ offices , and public places .
The chryon above gets the message across that this immigration bill should be the model for America without even having to say a word .
The broader point is that Fox News and the GOP try to label liberals , progressives , and Democrats as socialists all the while they endorse a bill bears a striking resemblance to the Nazis treatment of the Jews .
The Nazis required the Jews to identify themselves , register , and carry papers .
The Nazis required citizens to prove that they were n’t Jewish , much as the Arizona law requires Hispanics to prove that they are in the country legally .
Misidentifications were common in Nazi Germany , just like they will be in Arizona , because each law relies / relied on stereotypes of identification .
The Nazis looked at physical features such as nose size , while the Arizona law is going to be based on skin color and dress .
Fox News , the Republican Party , and the right wing fancy themselves as defenders of freedom , but the question that they never answer is whose freedom are they defending ?
The freedom that the right is defending is white freedom .
Certainly all the legal members of the Hispanic community in Arizona will be having their freedoms violated , but those people are n’t white so they do n’t matter .
Any good fascist outfit needs a stellar propaganda wing to disseminate their message , and convince the people that their oppression is justified and acceptable .
This is the role that the thinly disguised as news organization Fox News plays .
This Apple - HTC Patent Thing
There are two aspects surrounding Apple ’s patent litigation against HTC that demand further consideration .
First , the severe problems with the U.S. patent system as a whole , particularly with regard to software patents .
Second , the strategic implications of Apple ’s decision to file suit .
Smart writers with first - hand experience with software patents have written much over the past few years on the system itself .
Tim Bray , in particular , has written extensively on them , including his own experience obtaining them .
I ’ll quote here from one of his early pieces on the subject :
Are Software Patents a Broken Idea ? —
I really do n’t know .
One of my brothers , an Industrial Designer , has his name on a patent for a device for mixing gases that ’s used in chromatographs .
When he showed me the filing , with the drawings and schematics and so on , I was impressed ; these guys had cooked up a new arrangement of valves and geometries that did a practical task in an elegant and new way .
It felt much more rigorous than the way we go about inventing new technology in the software space ; but maybe that ’s just because I ’m way too close to the software world and can see all the warts on its underbelly .
I ’m inclined to think there ’s a spectrum of reasonability in software patents .
“ One - click ordering ” seems like a grievous error , simply because if you said those three words to any web - savvy ecommerce - savvy programmer , they ’d say “ OK ” and build it for you and it would work ; which does n’t seem to meet a high enough bar to qualify as an invention .
But consider the basic PGP setup by Phil Zimmerman , it ’s just immensely clever and elegant .
I have the feeling that that really does qualify as an invention in totally the same sense as my brother ’s gas - mixing apparatus .
Obviously I think the things I filed are closer to PGP than one - click ordering .
In a later follow - up , Bray wrote :
Does this mean that I ’ve concluded that software patents are just fine , thank you , and the current rat ’s - nest of litigation is good business practice ?
No ; while I generally agree with Jonathan that the software - patent idea is not inherently broken ( and thus disagree with Richard Stallman ) , the fact is that it ’s almost impossible for rational people to have a rational discussion about software patents .
The reason is the insanely - dysfunctional behavior of the US Patent and Trademark Office , whose idiotic willingness to grant patents on anything without regard for prior art or the obviousness test has totally poisoned the waters of this discussion .
The result , as I ’ve argued before , is that the net effect of the software - patent system is to serve as a parasitic tax by lawyers on businesspeople .
Where I disagree with Jonathan is on what ’s known as “ business - method ” patents : one - click ordering , per-employee pricing .
I ’m having trouble seeing the benefit to society in granting patents on something that could never possibly be done secretly .
I also think that to get a patent , an invention should include innovation both in conception and implementation .
The emphasis in the last sentence quoted above is mine .
I ’ve quoted extensively here from Bray because , having re-read his patent - related essays , I find myself in nearly complete agreement with him .
I ’m not opposed to the idea of the patent system on general principle ( as Stallman and many others are ) .
And I think in many fields , the system has worked and continues to work well .
But for software the system , in practice , is undeniably broken .
There ’s an argument to be made that software is inherently different than other fields of invention , different in such a way that patents should not apply — or , should apply for a significantly shorter period of time before expiring .
You ca n’t ( or at least should n’t ) be able to patent mathematics , and there are good arguments that programming is a branch of mathematics .
But because software patents are granted , concede at least for the moment that certain kinds of software innovations ought to be patentable .
Even with that in mind , clearly the U.S. Patent Office is and has granted patents for things which ought not be patentable .
Not just silly frivolous things , but patents that have been granted for concepts alone , rather than specific innovative implementations of said concepts .
Ideas in the abstract , rather than implementations of ideas .
Just a few weeks ago , Bray published “ Giving Up on Patents ” :
Not so many years ago , even as I was filled with fear and loathing of the hideous misconduct of the US Patent & Trademark Office , I retained some respect for the notion of patents .
I even wrote what I think is an unusually easy - to - read introduction to Patent Theory .
But no more .
The whole thing is too broken to be fixed .
Maybe it worked once , but it does n’t any more .
The patent system needs to be torn down and thrown out .
Paul Graham , who has also been awarded software patents , has written well on the subject , too :
We , as hackers , know the USPTO is letting people patent the knives and forks of our world .
The problem is , the USPTO are not hackers .
They ’re probably good at judging new inventions for casting steel or grinding lenses , but they do n’t understand software yet .
And :
There ’s nothing special about physical embodiments of control systems that should make them patentable , and the software equivalent not .
Unfortunately , patent law is inconsistent on this point .
Patent law in most countries says that algorithms are n’t patentable .
This rule is left over from a time when “ algorithm ” meant something like the Sieve of Eratosthenes .
In 1800 , people could not see as readily as we can that a great many patents on mechanical objects were really patents on the algorithms they embodied .
Patent lawyers still have to pretend that ’s what they ’re doing when they patent algorithms .
You must not use the word “ algorithm ” in the title of a patent application , just as you must not use the word “ essays ” in the title of a book .
If you want to patent an algorithm , you have to frame it as a computer system executing that algorithm .
Then it ’s mechanical ; phew .
The default euphemism for algorithm is “ system and method . ”
Try a patent search for that phrase and see how many results you get .
These arcane rules lead to patents being described in an obfuscated manner .
That they are patenting algorithms but must pretend they ’re patenting something else is the definition of a broken system .
To me , “ user interface ” patents are hand - in - hand with “ business method patents ” as examples of things which , no matter how innovative or original , ought not be patentable .
They ’re idea patents .
Adobe , to take one example , has a patent on tabbed palettes .
If you ’ve used Adobe apps like Photoshop , InDesign , or Illustrator in the past decade , you know what they are .
Design applications have been using floating on - screen palettes all the way back to the original MacPaint in 1984 .
Unlike dialog boxes , they were n’t modal and “ floated ” over the document window .
Unlike menus , they remained visible .
They ’re ubiquitous in design apps .
One shortcoming , however , was that if you opened too many of them , you cluttered your screen — the more palettes you have open , the less room you have for displaying the document itself .
Adobe came up with a great feature : they allowed you to dock multiple palettes together as tabs within a single palette window , and you could drag individual tabs between windows or drag them out into their own window .
( Similar , at the palette level , to tabbed web browser windows . )
Adobe patented the idea , and when Macromedia implemented a version of it , Adobe sued ( and won — a measly $ 2.8 million ) .
To me , that ’s exactly the sort of patent litigation that is aimed at stifling innovation rather than rewarding it .
Building on the ideas of others is fundamental to competition .
No one company can or should be expected to change the entire U.S. patent system .
Like any entrenched system with powerful entities who seek to maintain the status quo , we ’re likely stuck with it .
And so the way the computer industry has dealt with it is detente .
Companies obtain as many patents as they can , written as broadly as they can get away with .
And since everyone ( where by “ everyone ” I mean all large tech corporations ) has a large patent portfolio , and nearly every idea under the sun has been patented by someone to some degree , most of them are inert .
Company A does n’t sue Company B for infringing upon patents held by A because A’s own products almost certainly infringe upon some patents held by B .
This is why pure patent troll companies such as Nathan Myhrvold ’s Intellectual Ventures are so despised .
They ’re immune from the threat of counter - suit because they have no products or services .
Their only business is extorting patent licensing fees .
The analogy to nuclear weapons is overwrought when considered literally , but in terms of strategy it ’s quite apt .
Paul Graham , on Amazon ’s notorious “ one - click ” patent :
Where Amazon went over to the dark side was not in applying for the patent , but in enforcing it .
A lot of companies ( Microsoft , for example ) have been granted large numbers of preposterously over - broad patents , but they keep them mainly for defensive purposes .
Like nuclear weapons , the main role of big companies ’ patent portfolios is to threaten anyone who attacks them with a counter - suit .
Amazon ’s suit against Barnes & Noble was thus the equivalent of a nuclear first strike .
That suit probably hurt Amazon more than it helped them .
Barnes & Noble was a lame site ; Amazon would have crushed them anyway .
To attack a rival they could have ignored , Amazon put a lasting black mark on their own reputation .
Even now I think if you asked hackers to free - associate about Amazon , the one - click patent would turn up in the first ten topics .
Which brings us to Apple and HTC .
Regardless of the merits of all 20 of the patents Apple accuses HTC of violating , strategy - wise the comparison to Amazon and Barnes and Noble seems apt : Apple has the clearly superior product and is winning handily in the marketplace .
Whatever benefit in the market Apple hopes to achieve by this suit to me seems likely to be worth far less than the loss of good will and prestige Apple will suffer if they vigorously pursue this case ( let alone if they initiate more such suits ) .
Wil Shipley , in an open letter to Steve Jobs regarding the HTC litigation :
You ’ve famously taken and built on ideas from your competitors , as have I , as we should , as great artists do .
Why is what HTC has done worse ?
Whether an idea was patented does n’t change the morality of copying it , it only changes the ability to sue . [ … ]
If Apple becomes a company that uses its might to quash competition instead of using its brains , it ’s going to find the brainiest people will slowly stop working there .
You know this , you watched it happen at Microsoft .
Copying ideas is how progress is made .
It ’s copying implementations that is wrong ( and illegal ) .
Admittedly there are gray areas , and reasonable people can disagree about whether some specific instances cross that line .
But HTC ’s phones are not copies of the iPhone .
The Nexus One is without question highly influenced by the iPhone , both in terms of physical form factor and the Android software from Google .
But it is also without question not a clone .
My favorite theory thus far regarding why Apple is suing HTC is expressed entirely in this tweet from John Siracusa :
To me , the Apple patent suit smells like nothing more than a manifestation of Jobs ’s own sense of injustice .
I.e. , Jobs is offended by HTC ’s products , not worried about them .
I can understand the indignation , or at least imagine that I can .
Apple ’s press releases tend to be remarkably terse and plainspoken , at least by the standards of modern corporate communication .
And when Jobs is quoted in them , the words are carefully chosen and meaningful , worthy of being carefully parsed1 — not at all like the bromides attributed to CEOs from most companies in most PRs .
The PR announcing these suits against HTC is no exception :
“ We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We ’ve decided to do something about it , ” said Steve Jobs , Apple ’s CEO .
“ We think competition is healthy , but competitors should create their own original technology , not steal ours . ”
That ’s not the language of a licensing dispute or the beginning of a polite negotiation .
That ’s the language of a man aggrieved .
During Jobs ’s iPhone introduction keynote address in January 2007 , before showing what the iPhone looked like , Jobs put up this slide showing four of the then - leading smartphones on the market : the Motorola Q , a BlackBerry , a Palm Treo , and the Nokia E62 .
Those pre-iPhone smartphones Jobs displayed all shared the same fundamental design : half - screen , half keyboard , and an up / down / left / right navigation controller .
Now look at this prototype Android phone Gizmodo spotted in December 2007 — 11 months after the iPhone introduction .
Android was conceived of that same old model — the prototype Gizmodo found in December 2007 would have fit perfectly alongside the other four phones in Jobs ’s keynote slide .
The gaping chasm between that Treo-ish / BlackBerry - ish prototype Android device and the HTC G1 that went on sale a year later ( let alone the Nexus One today ) was bridged by ideas from the iPhone .
The iPhone introduced a new model .
A true great leap forward in the state of the art .
Not a small screen that shows you things which you manipulate indirectly using buttons and trackballs occupying half the device ’s surface area , but instead a touchscreen that occupies almost the entirety of the surface area , showing things you manipulate directly .
Android is a far better platform today than it would have been if Apple had never created the iPhone .
That , in some sense , is not fair .
I think Siracusa is exactly right that Jobs has a particularly acute sensitivity to this sort of unfairness .
This litigation , perhaps then , is n’t about particular specific patented components , but rather is about the big idea , the general gist and grand ambition of the iPhone as the basic model for how modern mobile devices should be designed and work .
No doubt some of you are nodding your heads and see this as justification for Apple ’s suit .
But life is n’t fair .
Great ideas make the world better .
Apple can rightly expect to benefit greatly from the ideas embodied by the iPhone , but they ca n’t expect to reap all of the benefits from those ideas .
That ’s the nature of implementing insanely great ideas .
The bar has been raised , and , yes , Apple did most of the lifting .
That ’s how it goes .
Paul Graham , yesterday :
If this had happened a day earlier I do n’t think I would have posted that RFS .
Apple is inching ever closer to evil , and I worry that there ’s no one within the company who can stand up to Jobs and tell him so .
“ That RFS ” is the request for iPad software startups from Graham ’s Y Combinator , and lest you think “ evil ” is too overwrought a word , Graham clarified later in the same thread :
Historically the word “ evil ” has had a pretty broad meaning .
Among tech companies the word has a new and fairly specific sense that follows from Paul Buchheit ’s slogan “ Do n’t be evil . ”
That ’s the sense I was using .
It has a pretty low bar .
It means , roughly , winning by taking advantage of people instead of by doing good work .
I would n’t use the word evil this way , but I ’m right there with Graham on this sentiment .
And I say this not in any sort of hippy - dippy sense of expecting or even hoping for Apple to behave selflessly , holding them to a separate idealistic standard , or expecting them to fight with one arm tied behind their corporate back .
And only a fool would argue that a company should never seek redress through litigation .
But I believe that it ’s good business , in the long run , for a company ’s acts of aggression to take place in the market , not in the courts .
My concern regarding this litigation against HTC is that it looks like an act of competitive aggression , not defense .
I can think of only a few optimistic angles for this suit .
One is that perhaps it ’s a by - product of the suit Apple is engaged in against ( and initiated by ) Nokia .
Apple ’s counter - suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here , and perhaps Apple ’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter - suit against Nokia .
Or , perhaps one or more of the truly technical patents Apple has cited against HTC are genuine instances of intellectual property theft , the specific nature of which is unclear from the opaque language of the patent filings , and the rest of the cited patent violations were tacked on as part of a legal strategy along the lines of “ If you ’re going to punch them , punch them as hard as you can ” .
I.e. that they ’ve filed suit as widely as they can , but have specific narrow violations in mind .
What worries me is the idea that Apple , or even just Steve Jobs , believes that phones like the Nexus One have no right to exist , period , and that patent litigation to keep them off the market is in the company ’s interests .
I say it ’s worrisome not because I think it ’s evil , or foolish , or unreasonable , but because it is unwise , shortsighted , and unnecessary .
My mother always told me that bad luck comes in threes .
At the risk of pushing my luck , I ’m going to disagree with her–at least when it comes to trustworthiness .
Here are three phrases , each three words long , that are an essential part of any Trusted Advisor toolkit : " That makes sense , " " Tell me more , " and " I do n’t know . "
" That Makes Sense "
Charlie speaks this phrase all the time and it ’s remarkably effective .
I say " speaks , " rather than " uses , " because it ’s not a tactic ; it ’s a genuine expression of empathy .
When said from the heart , " That makes sense " is an incredible intimacy - builder .
It ’s no accident it also happens to be what relationship guru Harville Hendrix teaches couples to practice saying with each other when working through tough personal issues .
Simply put , it ’s validating .
In a business context , " that makes sense " is particularly disarming in response to an opposing viewpoint …or something you do n’t really want to hear .
Note that saying " that makes sense " is not the same as saying " I agree . "
With " that makes sense , " you ’re simply looking at the world from the other person ’s vantage point and seeing how things might be pieced together .
And unless you ’re speaking to someone whose mental faculties are completely compromised , I promise you things do make sense over there , and there ’s a way to see it , somehow or another .
" I see you ’re concerned about investing a lot of money and time without being sure of the return .
That makes sense . "
" Sounds like it ’s imperative to have the right executive sponsor in place before we move forward .
That makes sense . "
" It makes sense to consider all the options before you decide which firm you want to hire . "
" Tell Me More "
" Tell me more " is a simple and elegant way to invite someone to share information with you .
Distinct from a targeted , intellectually - impressive question , " tell me more " implies an absence of time pressure , agenda ( as in motives ) , and a desire to show off .
Its subtext : " The agenda is yours , my time is yours , and my focus is devoted to you , not me . "
Its beauty is in its simplicity and its other - orientation .
" I Do n’t Know "
I ’ve been in and around the consulting industry for close to 20 years and know very few consultants who are comfortable not knowing an answer to a question ( myself included ) .
On the contrary , we ’ve convinced ourselves that clients not only want answers , they want the right answers … right away .
( See The Point of Listening is Not What you Hear but the Listening Itself . )
Which leads to a lot of well - intended bad behavior , like ever - so - slightly exaggerating what we do know in order to fill in the gaps .
The alternative is having the courage to say " I do n’t know " when you do n’t know–being forthright in a way that appropriately conveys your overall confidence ( so high , in fact , that you ’re OK to admit what might be perceived as a weakness ) and your commitment to find the most accurate answer .
As counter - intuitive as it may be , " I do n’t know " actually builds credibility ( and therefore your trustworthiness ) because it shows you are honest .
( For more about how the things we want to say the least usually build the most trust , read Trust and Golf : How Neither Makes Sense ) .
The Proof
Of course , we could add " I love you " to the list of word triplets , but then things start to get a little too squishy .
( Or do they ? )
I ’ll end with this instead : intimacy , other - orientation , and credibility increase trustworthiness .
" That makes sense , " " Tell me more " and " I do n’t know " improve your score on each .
Therefore , three little words really can make you more trustworthy .
Quod erat demonstrandum .
P.S. By the way , with the new year upon us and so many of the usual resolutions already long - forgotten , it ’s worth checking out Chris Brogan ’s recent blog post , My 3 Words for 2010 .
Trusted Advisor Associates ’ three words for the year ( in draft ) are Community , Rich - Soil , and Starpower .
My personal ones are Leaps , Delicious , and Gravitas .
And you ?
Sawbuck Gamer Sawbuck Gamer is our occasional roundup of free and cheap games ( $ 10 or less ) .
Prev Next View All
Synopsis Quest Deluxe
Creator : Skipmore
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
Every annoying convention of early RPGs — endless dialog boxes , lobotomized villagers parroting their one line over and over , item - fetching missions — is present in Synopsis Quest Deluxe , and those design crutches are the source of its wit .
Over the course of 25 mini-quests , the game pokes fun at the creaky genre 's old habits and twists them in tricky ways .
It starts on the character - creation screen , which invites players to select from an array of different classes — mage , bruiser , etc. — yet inevitably squeezes you into a Model T situation :
You can play any role you like , as long as it's “ knight . ”
The more familiar you are with classics like Dragon Warrior , the more liable you are to fall for the game 's traps , which count on players to approach puzzles like grizzled RPG veterans .
Getting duped is part of the game , though .
If you complete a stage on the first try , you 've probably missed half the fun… A -
Advertisement
Advertisement
Tiny Castle
Creator : Nitrome
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
Tiny Castle lasts longer than a single - room quest is generally expected to , but still not long enough .
As you strive to reach the distressed damsel in the medieval studio - apartment castle , the environment reconfigures itself .
Pipes burst , stepladders unfurl , and walls collapse to create a new set of challenges every time you near your goal .
The disruptions are the product of various deus ex machina , like a sleepy magician who 's roused by your dungeon - diving and decides to screw with you as a result .
But while there are some nice moments , the developer , Nitrome , does n't take the idea far enough .
A straightforward boss battle ends the game just as the castle 's machinations are starting to get interesting , leaving the tantalizing question of what Tiny Castle could have been with a bit more gestation .
There are still enough twists to justify the one - hour playing time , including a cute surprise ending …
B
Advertisement
Hetherdale
Creator : Red Herring Labs
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
As soon as Hetherdale starts , it 's clear the story is n't going to end well .
The plot follows Dr. Heather Montrose , a literature expert recruited to help a team uncover a lost African city , only ever referenced by an insane English writer .
The point - and - click adventure requires you to use all the objects at your disposal to solve problems , like getting around walls , fires , and locked doors .
Most of these issues are pretty intuitive , but sometimes the graphics are n't sharp enough to show elements you 're meant to interact with .
At those points , it 's handy that a walkthrough is posted with the game , so you can always cheat for a moment to move on with the story .
The visuals are weak , and the text could use some copy - editing , but the cast of characters and World War II setting create the perfect tone : a mix of curiosity and dread … B
Advertisement
NerveJangla
Creator : Ninjadoodle
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
It only takes a few minutes to play through NerveJangla , but the game still feels too long .
Players try to complete a series of mini - games as fast as they can , which include matching , pattern recognition , and geometry challenges .
The best mini -games are the ones where the rules and mechanics are n't immediately obvious :
You have to figure out exactly how to help a lonely black sphere find happiness as half of a yin yang , or assist a chubby ninja in collecting his stars .
But while some of the games still have novel elements to offer during their second and third iterations , most begin to break down into tests of timing and muscle memory , so they feel like unnecessary filler …
C
Advertisement
Mushroom Madness 2
Creator : Silen Games
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
The first Mushroom Madness was a reasonably cute browser game where players tried to protect mushroom patches from marauding animals by smacking them with a spatula , or occasionally gaining temporary guns for more satisfying splatter .
Mushroom Madness 2 is bigger and better in all ways :
It piles on more adversaries , achievements , weapons , goals , upgrades , modes , and mini-games .
It also keeps Mushroom Madness ' flexible play system :
You can move freely through “ adventure mode ” even if you eke through each level with mere bare survival , or you can achieve side - goals to unlock additional levels in tower - defense and shooting - gallery modes .
Finding a level too hard ?
Play mini -games or replay levels and upgrade weapons and powers .
Finding a level too easy ?
Frantically smash trees in your spare time for extra cash .
Either way , it 's a fast - paced , appealingly designed , colorfully cartoony game , and there 's a lot of it to unlock and discover as well .
The only issue is that it 's sometimes hard to tell where your weapon focus is — there 's a tiny indicator dot , but it 's impossible to see when you 're frantically pounding on hordes of tough bears , fast - moving birds , and tricky moles — and flailing away at enemies that are n't taking damage is infuriating .
But that rarely happens .
Mostly , MM2 is a cheery arcade game that 's strikingly smart about letting you choose your own difficulty level just by deciding which goals to pursue …
A-
Advertisement
Ghost Guidance
Creator : Hatched Games
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
The common gripe with the little shooter Ghost Guidance is that with only three levels , it 's way too short ; it feels more like a test balloon for a pay game than a full experience .
That said , if it is a trial run , the general consensus seems to be “ Make more ! ”
The premise is terrific — you 're an AI virus that can infect any mechanical device , from fighter ships to the missiles they fire , but you 've been discovered and need to escape from human - controlled space .
So you enter a target - rich environment where every ship is an enemy — and a potential host .
Each possible host has a different amount of shielding and a different weapon rate and power , so strategy is largely a question of choosing what you want out of a host , and never being caught without one , since you die quickly on your own .
The action is samey and gets tedious as you chip away at tough bosses with no life meter to indicate what progress is being made , but there 's usually a sweet spot where the bosses ' bullets do n't go , and a lot of other antagonists to dodge .
Ghost Guidance could use more variety in ships , strategy , and combat , but the clean , bright design and the basic concept are promising , and what there is of it is enjoyable .
If a later iteration provides a Mushroom Madness 2 - like super - expansion , this will be a mesmerizing game …
B
Advertisement
Winner Vs. Loser
Creator : Ben Foddy
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
There are no winners in the arcade - style marathon hurdle game Winner Vs. Loser , just red - faced participants ripping out their hair in frustration .
There are only a few leaps to make , with a single button used for jumping and running , but the timing is so unforgivably user - unfriendly that victories are only assured to those who can master a mystifying rhythm of finger - pecks .
It 's polarizing , to be sure , and it trades heavily on 8 - bit flashbacks to games like Track And Field as it tries to make even the most winded gamer feel like an athlete .
Without an in - game opponent to compete against , Winner Vs. Loser relies on you to supply a challenger .
But not even the clever inclusion of motivational speaker Tony Robbins as your coach makes this worth more than a passing glance …
D
Advertisement
Sketch Nation Shooter
Creator : Engineous Games
Platform : iPhone / iPad
Price : $.99
Game - creation software for consumers is perhaps a bigger deal to marketers than gamers , but it 's gotten more sway with everyone as it's progressed from Klik & Play in the early '90s to the more recent and formidable LittleBigPlanet .
But the majority of gamers do n't want to make games — they want to play them .
Sketch Nation
Shooter offers a simple template to make your own shoot - 'em - up :
You take snapshots of your black - inked doodles from unlined paper , and SNS plops them into the same cookie - cutter game .
You can opt for more advanced enemy and power - up insertion , like assigning a movement pattern for each foe and deciding exactly what kind of power - up emerges where , but it 's still ultimately the same game .
Other players can upload their quirky or borderline pornographic twists for downloading , although the wonky hit detection and drifting controls are major deterrents .
But hey , if you ever wanted to make a bland game where floating kittens must defeat a spinning pumpkin , who 's gonna stop you now ? …
D
Advertisement
Tremerz
Creator : Tom Fulp
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
Movie - inspired videogames are often seen as the most brainless of shovelware , but Tremerz does have this going for it :
It waited 20 years before turning the Kevin Bacon monster flick Tremors into a simplistic Flash game .
The result of a 24 - hour game - creating marathon , Tremerz reduces the science - fiction Western 's tale of enormous subterranean worms to a survival game where you must use the mouse to lead Bacon 's Valentine McKee character through an automatically scrolling , minutes - long adventure .
You click to hop as giant worms emerge from the ground , and along the way , you recruit other characters from the movie , causing the screen to shake and flash with the words “ UH OH TREMERZ . ”
Nostalgic fans of the movie will get more mileage out of Tremerz , but for everyone else , it 's a brief ride that occasionally frustrates .
The other members of your obedient party will patiently wait their turn to jump , which means they can get chomped by the worms even if you leap out of the way with plenty of time to spare …
C
Advertisement
I Can Hold My Breath Forever
Creator : Jake Elliott
Platform : PC
Price : Free
Created for the Experimental Gameplay Project 's March theme “ 10 seconds , ” I Can Hold My Breath Forever is a slight , engaging experimental title in the vein of Small Worlds — but with the addition of an ominous , screen - filling timer counting down whenever you dip underwater .
As you explore an increasingly labyrinthine series of caves in search of your lost friend ( do n't forget , he 's the one who can hold his breath forever ) , you 'll discover pockets of air and some surprisingly moving notes that he left behind , simultaneously encouraging you to follow him deeper into the murky depths , and filling you in on your shared history .
This is a game more interested in creating a mood than in getting your heart racing , but with its droney score , minimal story , and shrinking passageways , it certainly wrings every bit of claustrophobic menace out of its chunky graphics …
B +
Advertisement
Nano Ninja
Creator : Rogerio Penchel
Platform : PC
Price : Free
Fans of One Button Bob 's stripped - down game mechanics can now enjoy its less - is - more approach within a deadly multi- floor pagoda instead of a booby - trapped castle .
In Nano Ninja , a click of the game 's single context - sensitive button allows players to throw shuriken , dodge skewering spears , and eventually defeat the outsized assassin who — as villainous ninja tend to do — murdered the master of your 16 - pixel warrior .
Many of the levels are straight ports from OBB ( like the blades dropped from the ceiling , and the game 's platformer stages ) , but occasionally a missed jump could send you to the floor below , where bad timing and worse luck might require you to replay a room .
Challenges start to repeat later in the game , with the complexity scaling up enough to remain daunting without ever approaching rage - inducing , but the real difficulty lies in besting your ghostly past self , as you play through the game again with an eye toward speed and economical clicking …
B-
Advertisement
Daymare Town 3
Creator : Mateusz Skutnik
Platform : PC
Price : Free
In Mateusz Skutnik 's third warped merging of Edward Gorey , Dr. Seuss , and Myst , you awaken after an ill - fated hot - air - balloon outing to find yourself in a strange town with stranger inhabitants .
They 're more scared of you than you are of them , and not without reason :
As you click around the alternately charming and eerie hamlet , you 'll have the chance to drug , steal from , trade with — and yes , perhaps kill — some of the misfits holding the keys to the game 's myriad puzzles and your eventual escape .
It 's a good thing you can offload those hard - won cigarette butts and dead insects , too , as your inventory quickly fills to bursting with seemingly worthless junk that forces you to hike back through a bunch of sometimes - tricky - to - navigate screens in order to sell items and clear space .
And the game is potentially unwinnable if you hand off something important to the wrong person at the wrong time .
But these are minor negatives in a game whose carefully constructed tone lands just short of truly disturbing …
A-
Advertisement
Quietus
Creator : Time
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
Quietus , a moody effort from 17 - year - old developer Time , is a pinch of Pitfall , two tablespoons of Bill & Ted 's Bogus Journey , and a generous spoonful of Jhonen Vasquez .
You play a suicide who regrets the rash decision to hang himself and is offered a challenge by the grim reaper :
Run through hell 's obstacle course , and win a second chance at life and happiness .
As a game where you lead a sprite across perilous jumps , over lava pits and the mouths of beasties , and out of the way of swinging spikes , it 's familiar but pleasing stuff .
TimeBlog has made some cruelly devious stages where your frequent deaths are caused by your skill ( or lack thereof ) and not the inadequacy of the level design , physics , or controls .
When coupled with a badass orchestral rock theme and sprites that ride the line between adorable , silly , and creepy , the play sings …
B +
Advertisement
Mr. Driller : Drill Till You Drop
Creator : Namco Bandai
Platform : Nintendo DS ( DSiWare )
Price : $ 5
It 's hard to believe that Namco has only been making Mr. Driller games for 11 years now .
The little bastard son of Dig Dug feels like arcade - game royalty at this point , every bit as familiar and welcome as his father or his great - uncle King Pac-man .
Mr. Driller : Drill Till
You Drop is the ninth iteration on the basic action - meets - puzzle premise of the series .
You play the titular fellow , drilling down through vividly colored blocks toward a specified depth .
The deeper you go , the harder it is to breathe , so you have to dig strategically to scoop air capsules .
The DSiWare version of the game offers 32 stages total across three modes , including traditional drill - to - the - bottom levels , time - attack courses , and Drillstone levels that have you altering the terrain with items picked up through the course .
It 's a good amount of game for five bucks , but the lack of the online play offered in other downloadable editions is disappointing …
B
Advertisement
SteamBirds
Creator : Andy Moore and Daniel Cook
Platform : Browser
Price : Free
It 's easy to forget how substantial browser games can be .
They are n't all Bejeweled variants and minimalist indie fare trying to art up your day .
Andy Moore and Daniel Cook 's SteamBirds is a serious , meaty game , the sort of thing that would have cost you $ 70 at Babbage 's back in the early '90s .
The lack of admission fee for this turn - based airplane - vs. - airplane beauty is a testament to how great the modern gaming age is .
On a fatigue - green topographical map , you plot the attack course for your fleet of fighter planes , selecting a flight path that intersects with enemy planes .
Your ships automatically fire , provided they 're in range of baddies .
You are awarded stars based on your performance , allowing you to progress through the stages and increase your rank .
SteamBirds is deceptively simple , as bringing down even one plane can prove trickier than you first suspect .
As the game advances , adding more abilities to your fleet and throwing cagier enemies at you , it becomes an exercise in delicious strategy …
A
Advertisement
Angry Birds
Creator : Clickgamer
Platform : iPhone / iPad
Price : $.99
A little variety goes a long way .
The goal in each level of this slingshot game is to fling birds against faultily constructed towers until they collapse on green blobs inside .
But Angry Birds wisely asks that you engage with the screen after each one is launched .
The blue birds , for example , break into three parts when touched in midair , and spray the structure like birdshot .
Yellow ones are angular and launch normally , but can be sped up to maximize impact .
Your arsenal diversifies in later levels , requiring you to save certain birds to take down certain types of building material — wood , glass , and stone are the most prevalent , and respond differently to different birds .
With 105 levels to conquer , new types of bad guys later on , and a built - in trophy system , it 's unlikely you 'll want for variety …
A
Advertisement
Across Age
Creator : FDG Entertainment
Platform : iPhone / iPad
Price : $ 5.99
The problem with the iPhone is that its controls are too natural , and some games — existing for years with less - intuitive control pads — have a hard time keeping up .
Such is the main problem with Across Age , a fantasy action game in the realm of The Legend Of Zelda and Secret Of Mana .
Your character walks through the land attacking enemies by running into them , but the embedded touch - sensitive directional pad makes hitting them at the right angle difficult .
( Same goes for your secondary character , who has a hard time shooting her spells the right way . )
Dungeons require your two - person party to split up , sometimes even throwing each other around to reach high ledges , but the buttons controlling such actions only respond about half the time .
The developers managed to cram an engrossing multilevel RPG into the tiny iPhone space , but marred by frustrating controls , Across Age feels stuck in the past .
C
SPRINGFIELD , Ill .
—A Chicago bishop who once blamed the devil for sexual abuse lawsuits against the Roman Catholic Church and proposed shielding the church from legal damages has been named to lead an Illinois diocese .
Thomas Paprocki , an auxiliary bishop in the Archdiocese of Chicago , was announced Tuesday as the church 's ninth bishop of Springfield .
The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said it was disappointed with Paprocki's promotion .
" It says to us that the Vatican is more interested in doctrinal purity than child safety -- or at least that child safety is n't the No. 1 priority , " said David Clohessy , SNAP 's executive director .
Paprocki , 57 , said three years ago that the principal force behind the waves of abuse lawsuits was " none other than the devil . "
He said the cost of litigation was making it more difficult for the church to perform charitable works .
An attorney himself , Paprocki proposed that the courts revive an old policy of shielding nonprofit organizations from lawsuits over negligence and abuse .
" The settlement or award of civil damages is punishing the wrong people , namely the average parishioner or donor whose financial contributions support the church but who have no role in the supervision of clergy , " Paprocki said in October 2007 during a special Mass for judges and attorneys .
Paprocki did n't immediately return a call seeking comment Tuesday afternoon .
A message seeking comment also was left Tuesday afternoon with the papal nuncio's office in Washington .
In a news conference earlier in the day , Paprocki said the church must address sexual abuse to help restore trust .
" I know what a painful and what a troubling issue that this sin and this crime is that confronts us in the church , " he said , according to The ( Springfield ) State Journal - Register .
Paprocki was ordained in 1978 .
He co-founded the South Chicago Legal Clinic to offer legal services to the poor and later became a top aide in the Chicago archdiocese .
He succeeds Archbishop George Lucas , who was named to lead the Omaha archdiocese last June .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
The US has a fleet of research vessels that it could deploy to monitor the spread of oil trough the Gulf of Mexico , and deploying them would cost a few million dollars or less .
That argument comes courtesy of the University of California 's David Valentine , who makes a plea for action in an editorial released by Nature over the weekend .
Although most of the editorial focuses on what the vessels might do to track the size and spread of the spill , Valentine wraps up by pointing out that unless there 's a concerted effort by the research community to spur the government into action , inertia might end up leaving the research vessels on the sidelines .
Valentine , who 's based at UC's Santa Barbara campus , points out that nobody is even sure how much oil is coming out of the ruptured well ; published estimates have ranged from 1,000 to 100,000 barrels daily .
Although we can track some of the oil that has made its way to the surface , it has become increasingly clear that a large portion of the leak is spreading through currents that travel at intermediate depths .
Without knowing how much is there or where it 's headed , just about everything we need to do about the spill — plan for mitigation , assess damage , assign liability — is a matter of educated guesswork .
His solution would be to turn the methane spewing from the leak , which caused problems from day one , into a tool .
BP has said that about 40 percent of the leak , by mass , is methane ( even if we consider most of what the company has said so far as unreliable , the amount of methane appears to be substantial ) .
Even using a low - end estimate for the rate of leakage , Valentine figures that there have been over 7,500 tons of methane released so far , some of which will end up dissolved in the water column .
That should be more than enough to raise the dissolved methane concentrations well above background , meaning detailed sampling could create a three - dimensional map of the material spreading from the site of the leak .
So far , however , there have only been a couple of state - sponsored research vessels on the scene .
NOAA has a significant set of research ships , but the agency has become the target of criticism for not putting them to full use and not releasing much in the way of preliminary information to the scientific community .
In fact , NOAA apparently criticized the scientists from a Louisiana - based research vessel for releasing some of their work before it had been fully analyzed .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/465421a ( About DOIs ) .
Improving the Peer Review Process
Peer - reviewed journals have the great potential to improve the quality of published papers .
Most scholars value them for this reason .
But how can we make the process better ?
Bee has been doing a very nice series on improving peer review over at Backreaction .
My favorite two of her many suggestions are :
Online interface for anonymous author - reviewer communication .
Why keep the slow ( and frankly archaic ) editor - mediated communication between author and reviewer , when everyone has access to the interwebs ?
An anonymized online interface would be quicker , easier , and more useful .
In particular , it would allow for quick clarificatory questions , and even back - and - forth discussions of important results between author and reviewer , before a finalized report is submitted to the editor .
Incentives for high - quality reviews .
Most journals do n’t offer you an incentive to do a good job in a timely manner .
A monetary compensation for well - done reviews is the obvious thing to do .
Authors might even be willing to pay a submission fee for this cause , if it improves the quality and timeliness of the report ( I know I would ! ) .
Journals in many disciplines , including philosophy and HPS , could immediately adopt the first idea to great benefit .
The second idea requires some structural changes to raise the funds .
To this end , I ’d only suggest :
Stop printing paper - copies of journals .
It ’s a waste of money .
Everybody prefers to access articles electronically anyway .
The primary role of a journal should be as a peer - review agency .
Spend the money on incentives for high - quality reviews instead .
Any other ideas out there ?
REFERENCE PRICES FOR PHYSICAL RUBBER ( FREE ON BOARD )
AT 12.00 NOON ON 01/10/2020
Current Month : November Sen/Kg US Cents / Kg SMR CV 838.50 205.65 SMR L 828.50 203.20 SMR 5 566.50 138.95 SMR GP 563.50 138.20 SMR 10 556.50 136.50 SMR 20 554.50 136.00 Tone of Market : Quiet
Centrifuged Latex : Local Price ( ISO 2004 )
in Sen / Kg ( 60 % DRC )
Latex in Bulk 491.00
Disclaimer :
Prices above are for reference only .
Actual traded prices are subject to negotiations between buyers and sellers .
LGM shall not be liable for any loss of any kind ( whether directly or indirectly ) for any reliance on the above prices .
Farmgate Prices on 01/10/2020
in Sen/Kg
Latex
( 100 % DRC ) Cuplump
( 50 % DRC ) Average Average Peninsular 521.31 212.23
USS ** Latex
( 100 % DRC ) Cuplump
( 50 % DRC ) Average Average Average Sabah 254.44 505.00 181.74 Sarawak 322.97 - 193.20
Notes : ** USS prices in Sabah and Sarawak are at 70 % DRC and 80 % DRC respectively .
Rubber Cesses ( Peninsular Malaysia ) R & D : 4.00 sen ( RM 0.04 ) per kg ( effective 1 Sep 2005 ) Replanting : 10 sen ( RM 0.10 ) per kg ( effective 1 Oct 2020 ) Notes :
With effect from 1 January 1994 , in respect of container shipments , Terminal Handling Charges at port of loading are for buyer 's account .
NEW YORK , April 5 ( Reuters ) - U.S. taxpayers earned an annualized 8.5 percent return from the government ’s bailout of 49 financial firms , underscoring efforts by the industry to speed up repayments and warrant repurchases , according to a report by SNL Financial .
Firms such as Citigroup C.N , which still has common shares held by the U.S. Treasury Department , and rivals that have made partial redemptions were excluded from the analysis , SNL Financial said in a statement on Monday .
Proceeds from Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) warrant repurchases and auctions led to a surge in returns through March 30 , SNL said .
So far , since the start of the program in late 2008 , 64 institutions have fully repaid government aid .
For months , taxpayers balked at government efforts to help banks , which they saw as the main culprit behind the worst U.S. recession since the 1930s , as the collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers shook global financial markets in late 2008 .
The biggest banks , such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N , repaid the money they owed the Treasury last year and earlier this year .
Still , more than 600 smaller banks are left in the program , and owe roughly $ 130 billion to taxpayers .
Goldman alone produced a return of 20 percent to taxpayers at the time of repayment in July last year , according to SNL .
Overall , firms that have exited the programs , plus those 18 that have fully redeemed their TARP preferred stock but still have their warrants held by the Treasury , returned 7.6 percent in the period , SNL Financial noted .
( Reporting by Guillermo Parra - Bernal , editing by Gerald E. McCormick )
A man walks among the rubble that was his home in the Fort Nationale neighbourhood of Port - au - Prince in March 2010 .
( Ramon Espinosa / Associated Press )
The challenge Haiti faces to rebuilt its shattered communities may be monumental but , at the same time , the relief effort has received unprecedented support worldwide .
What 's more , the manner in which that support was garnered — particularly the magnitude of the volunteer effort and the ways it was solicited — suggest the world of aid is experiencing dramatic change .
In Canada and other countries , the outpouring of individual support following the Jan. 12 earthquake was so strong that governments decided to ride the wave , in the process increasing previously announced contributions to match what was coming in from individual donors .
Canadians made $ 113 million in private donations to Haiti and the federal government will now match that amount .
In the U.S. , almost half of all households donated to private aid efforts for Haiti , according to the U.S. government .
Key to the fund - raising in the U.S. and elsewhere have been the internet and text messaging donations via cellphones .
The American Red Cross took just three hours to launch a program for people to donate from their mobile phone .
Over $ 30 million has been raised this way , with $ 10 million donated in the first 48 hours by people simply texting HAITI to 90999 .
Social media were also crucial in spreading the word about the Red Cross program and other aid efforts for Haiti .
The media information company Nielsen analysed the data in the immediate aftermath of the quake and concluded : " While most online consumers rely on traditional media for coverage of the quake , they are turning to Twitter and blogs to share information , react to the situation and rally support . "
As U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton observed , " the spread of information networks is forming a new nervous system for our planet . "
Global networking
Canadian internet expert Don Tapscott has been studying this phenomenon for some time now .
Canadian internet guru Don Tapscott .
( Robin Rowland / CBC )
In his new book , Macrowikinomics : Rebooting Business and the World , Tapscott explains that we are at a turning point in human history .
Old models and old institutions , everything from the nation state to the media , have stalled , he says .
" Thanks to the internet , there are now new global networks that are multi-stakeholder and that are beginning to address global problems in new ways , " he said in an interview .
" These are networks that involve governments , private companies , civil society organisations and a new fourth pillar of society — individuals .
" These individuals now , at their fingertips , have a powerful tool for finding out what 's going on , for organizing a collective response to something and for participating in solving problems . "
Changing aid work
Aid organizations are not immune from this change , Tapscott said .
" We are in a period right now that 's sort of like the Big Bang .
There 's all these pieces flying everywhere and nobody really knows how it 's going to settle down . "
For him , though , one thing is clear : International aid — indeed , international politics — is going to have to " take into account these new models of global problem solving where you have multi-stakeholder networks . "
Journalist and blogger Jeff Jarvis , the author of the 2009 book , What Would Google do ? , marvels at the way the internet " enabled people to come together and help Haiti . "
" The Internet is a connection machine , it enables people to organize , it enables people to find each other , to use the tools that exist , " Jarvis said in an interview .
In his view , however , the internet , " is just a tool , it can't solve the problems in and of itself but it can help people who are trying to solve the problems do it better . "
Online tools
Many online techniques have been used to help Haiti .
For example , mapping tools have been used to show the destruction and , later , sources of aid and accommodation .
One key tool in particular is Ushahidi , first used to map " crowd - sourced " reports of violence in Kenya after the disputed 2007 election .
Uploading to Ushadidi , a mapping site that tracked the injured and the fatalities following the Haitian earthquake in 2010 .
A volunteer is using Ushahidi at the Toronto CrisisCamp on February 27 , 2010 .
( Ann McDonald/toronto365.ca )
In Haiti and , later , in Chile , it was quickly deployed to connect earthquake victims with emergency workers .
Another useful tool is OpenStreetMap , a volunteer , collaborative project that uses satellite imagery .
In the days after the quake it was especially helpful for aid workers trying to make their way through the destruction .
So were translation tools for French and Creole , as well as crowd - sourcing systems in which missing persons data is processed by volunteers outside Haiti , using their personal computers .
Also important was image tagging , whereby photos from media and photo - sharing websites were uploaded and " tagged " by volunteers anywhere in the world .
These tags then allowed search engines to hunt through the images for missing persons , and match people or connect them on the ground .
' Crisis camps '
Aid organizations in Haiti as well as international organizations like The World Bank have been using the results of these volunteer efforts for everything from pulling survivors out of the rubble to plotting strategies for rebuilding .
Almost immediately following the quake , groups of volunteers came together via social media to use these tools to try to help .
So - called crisis camps sprang up in cities around the world , including Montreal , Ottawa , Toronto and Calgary .
Over 1,500 people worldwide volunteered to help with the networking .
These camps worked with groups that are providing direct aid to Haiti to get them information and tools they needed .
" This group has pioneered a new kind of aid organization , " Crisis Commons posted on its web site .
" What we have achieved is this idea and this germination that we can help in a different way , " Heather Leson , the volunteer CrisisCamp coordinator for Toronto , told CBC News .
" It 's a whole new ballgame .
It 's a new way to collect donations better .
It 's a new way to get the message out and fast , a new way to build community and volunteers . "
For veteran internet observers such as Tapscott , the Haiti efforts show the medium can " marshal the collective ingenuity of society to solve problems on a time - scale that matters . "
Tapscott was part of a panel discussion at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , last month , called , " The Power of Social Networks . "
The theme of Davos this year was " Rethink , redesign , rebuild the world , " and Tapscott said he was encouraged that there seemed to be an understanding of this " new paradigm " involving social media and their many uses in helping places like Haiti .
" There is a whole new paradigm , this multi- stakeholder network that will enable us to solve global problems , " said Tapscott , " and then plunked right in the middle of the discussion is this actual example of this occurring . "
Everyone once in a while I find myself filming a band and becoming entirely disconnected with my actions — completely unfocused from the task I ’m performing .
Filming …
From Dr. Roger Pielke Senior ’s Climate Sci blog , a discussion on the “ missing heat ” in Earth ’s climate system gives me a motivation to write some silly prose :
The heat is gone , oh where , oh where ?
Maybe in the oceans ?
Maybe in the air ?
It ’s just not there .
They could not find it any - where .
Is There “ Missing ” Heat In The Climate System ?
My Comments On This NCAR Press Release
There was a remarkable press release 0n April 15 from the NCAR / UCAR Media Relations titled
“ Missing ” heat may affect future climate change
The article starts with the text
BOULDER — Current observational tools cannot account for roughly half of the heat that is believed to have built up on Earth in recent years , according to a “ Perspectives ” article in this week ’s issue of Science .
Scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) warn in the new study that satellite sensors , ocean floats , and other instruments are inadequate to track this “ missing ” heat , which may be building up in the deep oceans or elsewhere in the climate system .
“ The heat will come back to haunt us sooner or later , ” says NCAR scientist Kevin Trenberth , the lead author .
“ The reprieve we ’ve had from warming temperatures in the last few years will not continue .
It is critical to track the build - up of energy in our climate system so we can understand what is happening and predict our future climate . ”
Excerpts from the press release reads
“ Either the satellite observations are incorrect , says Trenberth , or , more likely , large amounts of heat are penetrating to regions that are not adequately measured , such as the deepest parts of the oceans .
Compounding the problem , Earth ’s surface temperatures have largely leveled off in recent years .
Yet melting glaciers and Arctic sea ice , along with rising sea levels , indicate that heat is continuing to have profound effects on the planet . ”
“ A percentage of the missing heat could be illusory , the result of imprecise measurements by satellites and surface sensors or incorrect processing of data from those sensors , the authors say .
Until 2003 , the measured heat increase was consistent with computer model expectations .
But a new set of ocean monitors since then has shown a steady decrease in the rate of oceanic heating , even as the satellite - measured imbalance between incoming and outgoing energy continues to grow . ”
Some of the missing heat appears to be going into the observed melting of ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica , as well as Arctic sea ice , the authors say .
Much of the missing heat may be in the ocean .
Some heat increase can be detected between depths of 3,000 and 6,500 feet ( about 1,000 to 2,000 meters ) , but more heat may be deeper still beyond the reach of ocean sensors . ”
Trenberth ’s [ and co-author , NCAR scientist John Fasullo ] , however , are grasping for an explanation other than the actual real world implication of the absence of this heat .
First , if the heat was being sequestered deeper in the ocean ( lower than about 700 m ) , than we would have seen it transit through the upper ocean where the data coverage has been good since at least 2005 .
The other reservoirs where heat could be stored are closely monitored as well ( e.g. continental ice ) as well as being relatively small in comparison with the ocean .
Second , the melting of glaciers and continental ice can be only a very small component of the heat change ( e.g. see Table 1 in Levitus et al 2001 “ Anthropogenic warming of Earth ’s climate system ” .
Science ) .
Thus , a large amount heat ( measured as Joules ) does not appear to be stored anywhere ; it just is not there .
There is no “ heat in the pipeline ” [ or “ unrealized heat ” ] as I have discussed most recently in my post
Continued Misconception Of The Concept of Heating In The Pipeline In The Paper Vermeer and Rahmstorf 2009 Titled “ Global Sea Level Linked To Global Temperature ”
Kevin Trenberth and John Fasullo are not recognizing that the diagnosis of upper ocean heat content changes ( with it large mass ) makes in an effective integrator of long term radiative imbalances of the climate system as I discussed in my papers
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , 2008 : A broader view of the role of humans in the climate system .
Physics Today , 61 , Vol. 11 , 54 -55 .
http://pielkeclimatesci.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/r-334.pdf
and
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , 2003 : Heat storage within the Earth system .
Bull .
Amer. Meteor .
Soc. , 84 , 331-335 .
http://pielkeclimatesci.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/r-247.pdf.
The assessment of ocean heat storage changes in Joules is a much more robust methodology to assess global warming than the use of small changes in the satellite diagnosis of radiative forcing from the satellites which have uncertainties of at least the same order .
Trenberth and Fasullo need to look more critically at the satellite data as well as propose how heat in Joules could be transported deep into the ocean without being seen .
I am contacting Kevin to see if he would respond to my comments on this news article ( and his Science perspective ) in a guest post on my weblog .
UPDATE ( April 16 2010 ) WITH RESPONSE BY KEVIN TRENBERTH PRESENTED WITH HIS PERMISSION
Dear Roger
I do not agree with your comments .
We are well aware that there are well over a dozen estimates of ocean heat content and they are all different yet based on the same data .
There are clearly problems in the analysis phase and I do n’t believe any are correct .
There is a nice analysis of ocean heat content down to 2000 m by von Schuckmann , K. , F. Gaillard , and P.-Y.
Le Traon 2009 : Global hydrographic variability patterns during 2003 –2008 , /J. Geophys .
Res. , / * 114 * , C09007 , doi:10.1029/2008JC005237 .
but even those estimates are likely conservative .
The deep ocean is not well monitored and nor is the Arctic below sea ice .
That said , there is a paper in press ( embargoed ) that performs an error analysis of ocean heat content .
Our article highlights the discrepancies that should be resolved with better data and analysis , and improved observations must play a key role .
Kevin
MY REPLY
Hi Kevin
Thank you for your response .
I am aware of the debate on the quality of the ocean data , and have blogged on the von Schuckman et al paper .
Since 2005 , however , the data from 700 m to the surface seems robust spatially ( except under the arctic sea ice as you note ) .
An example of the coming to agreement among the studies is Figure 2 in Leuliette , E. W. , and L. Miller ( 2009 ) , Closing the sea level rise budget with altimetry , Argo , and GRACE , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 36 , L04608 , doi:10.1029/2008GL036010 .
We both agree on the need for further data and better analyses .
I have posted on this issue ; e.g. see http://pielkeclimatesci.wordpress.com/2009/12/29/comment-from-josh-willis-on-the-upper-ocean-heat-content data-posted-on-real - climate /
However , I do not see how such large amounts of heat could have transited to depths below 700 m since 2005 without being detected .
I am very supportive , however , of your recognition that it is heat in Joules that we should be monitoring as a primary metric to monitor global warming .
Our research has shown significant biases in the use of the global average surface temperature for this purpose ; e.g. Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 .
http://pielkeclimatesci.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/r-321.pdf
Klotzbach , P.J. , R.A. Pielke Sr. , R.A. Pielke Jr. , J.R. Christy , and R.T. McNider , 2009 : An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D21102 , doi:10.1029/2009JD011841 .
http://pielkeclimatesci.files.wordpress.com/2009/11/r-345.pdf
Would you permit me to post your reply below along with my response on my weblog .
Best Regards Roger
KEVIN’S FURTHER REPLY
Roger you may post my comments .
The V.s paper shows quite a lot of heat below 700 m. Kevin
MY FURTHER RESPONSE
Hi Kevin
Thanks !
On the V.s et al paper , lets assume their values since 2005 deeper than 700 m are correct [ which I question since I agree with you on the data quality and coverage at the deeper depths ] .
However , if they are correct , how much of this heat explains the “ missing ” heat ?
It would be useful ( actually quite so ) if you would provide what is the missing heat in Joules .
Roger
END OF UPDATE
Every time Luis Moncada blinks , he curses , thanks to the unprintable expletive tattooed onto his eyelids at age 18 .
A gang member at the time , he was convinced he would n’t make it to 21 and wanted to deliver this angry message to the world when he was gone .
Fourteen years later , Moncada is telling a different kind of story with his eyes .
He and his brother Daniel have recurring roles on AMC ’s “ Breaking Bad , ” where they ’ve spent much of this third season playing silent - assassin types — cartel members from Mexico who ’ve come to kill Walter White ( Bryan Cranston ) .
For Luis , now 32 , it ’s one of a long string of acting gigs that began in 2002 , when a director spotted his tattoos and asked if he wanted to be in a film .
For Daniel , 30 , it ’s his first acting role .
“ I tell my wife all the time , ‘ Wow , look at how far we ’ve come , ’ ” Luis Moncada says , with Daniel sitting nearby . “
The journey included a few key stops , such as Luis ’ prison sentence for driving a stolen vehicle .
“ I ’m not thankful I went to prison , ” he says , “ but after going to prison , that ’s when you really , really , really think , ‘ Wow , what a waste of time . ’
I had to change . ”
Also crucial was a beautiful girl who happened to be a parole officer ( “ No , not my parole officer , ” Luis notes with a smile ) , along with a move away from the Hollywood and Echo Park neighborhoods where Luis and Daniel sometimes associated with the wrong crowd .
Leaving his gang on good terms , he moved with his brother to Studio City .
Luis married the parole officer and they have a 2 - year - old son ; Daniel lives in their spare bedroom .
The acting career was an accident .
Luis was a security guard on the set of a small film , “ El Padrino , ” when director Damian Chapa spotted the gang tattoo around his neck and asked if he wanted to play Jennifer Tilly ’s bodyguard .
“ I was getting off in 10 minutes so I said , ‘ You know what , sir ?
No thank you .
I do n’t know if I can do eight or 12 more hours . ”
But Manuel Jimenez stood nearby .
Jimenez is an ex-con who created Suspect Entertainment , a talent agency that turns reformed gang members into actors ; Hollywood often utilizes Suspect when it needs to fill the role of a bad guy .
Jimenez convinced Luis to take the role and then signed him to the agency .
A slew of other parts followed — “ Gangbanger , ” “ Carjacker , ” “ Thug , ” his IMDB credits read .
“ Would you be cool with me if you saw me in an alley ? ” he asks .
“ No , you ’d probably be scared of me .
So I ’m the bad guy .
For now . ”
And then came “ Breaking Bad . ”
“ We knew we were going to have these very scary , very silent Mexican cartel assassins in our third season , so we put the word out and needed to find these guys , ” says Vince Gilligan , the show ’s creator .
“ We needed a couple of guys who were very charismatic , whose expressions and eyes told us a lot . ”
The Moncadas stood out ;
Luis had initially caught the eyes of the show ’s casting directors , but since the script called for brothers , they asked that his brother audition too .
“ They exuded a certain authenticity , ” Gilligan says .
“ They do n’t have to glare at you to scare you . ”
Cranston directed them in last month ’s season premiere , which included a sequence in which the brothers coolly walked away from an exploding truck .
Daniel even remembered Cranston ’s note that , “ If you feel like it , it would be cool if you casually lifted your cigarette to your lips and take a puff like you ’re walking in the park . ”
Afterward , “ I just threw my arms around them , ” Cranston said .
“ It was perfect . ”
After several more weeks of shooting , their work was done .
“ Whenever it ’s the last scene for an actor in a season , the [ assistant director ] will make an announcement and people will applaud — especially if we like them , ” Cranston says .
Here , the applause from the cast and crew grew especially loud and long .
“ These two guys , their lives could have gone a very different way and our industry somehow showed them an avenue of alternatives , and they took them . ”
And those eyes ?
The emotion of the moment , Cranston says , actually made Luis Moncada cry .
Asked about it now , Luis says with a laugh , “ Come on , Bryan — why put me on the spot like that ?
You ca n’t call it crying if a tear does n’t come down .
But , ” he adds , “ OK , my eyes got a little watery .
It was a beautiful experience . ”
calendar@latimes.com
PIKEVILLE , Ky. —
Most any other year , this state ’s open Senate seat would be Trey Grayson’s .
At 37 , Mr. Grayson has spent more than a decade working his way up through the state ’s Republican Party , courting officials and solidly winning re-election as secretary of state three years ago even as voters turned out a Republican governor .
He has a powerful backer in Mitch McConnell , Kentucky ’s senior senator and the Senate ’s highest ranking Republican .
He graduated from Harvard , but his roots here go five generations deep .
He even looks the part : monogrammed cuffs , rep tie and a not - too - stylishly - cut black suit over his 6 - foot - 5 frame .
This , however , is no ordinary year .
And in Kentucky , the Tea Party movement , with the voter discontent it has captured , has found its purest standard bearer in Rand Paul , who is challenging Mr. Grayson for the Republican nomination .
An ophthalmologist , Dr. Paul is the son of Representative Ron Paul of Texas , the 2008 Republican presidential candidate whose libertarian backers often take credit for being the germ of the Tea Party .
While there are candidates backed by the Tea Party in other states , none is so much a product of it , with the name recognition and the fund - raising prowess ( through his father ’s network ) .
And the proportions of Kentucky ’s voter registration make it impossible for any Republican to win a general election without Democratic support , so if Dr. Paul wins the primary on May 18 , as polls suggest he will , the Tea Party will have to prove its appeal beyond the Republican right .
So far , the Tea Party ’s big victories have been about what it is against — electing Scott Brown in Massachusetts had less to do with the candidate than with blocking health care legislation .
Kentucky offers the chance to show what the movement is for , and if voters will go along with it .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 9/4/2010 ( 3827 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
JOE .
BRYKSA@FREEPRESS.MB.CA MTS Allstream 's Kelvin Shepherd , left , and Jim Ludlow , President and CEO of True North Sports and Entertainment unveil the new name of the 172,000 sq. foot MTS IcePlex in Headingley .
- P96xavpg.js " >
Come the fall , finding a spot on the ice in the city will be a little easier .
The MTS Iceplex , located on an 11 - acre site at 3969 Portage Ave. , is another example of a public / private partnership in Winnipeg announced today , with naming rights for the $ 27 - million complex going to MTS .
" It ’s similar in many respects to the public - private partnership that we had with the development of the MTS Centre with the three levels of government , " said Jim Ludlow , President & CEO of True North Sports & Entertainment .
" In this case it ’s the government of Canada , the province of Manitoba and True North Sports & Entertainment . "
The public sector is coughing up about $ 11.5 million with the balance of the funds coming out of True North Sports & Entertainment ’s pocket .
The rinks will be a training facility for the Moose and will accommodating more than 20,000 hours of recreational icetime for junior , minor and adult hockey teams .
The MTS Iceplex will also be the official home of the Winnipeg Blues junior hockey team .
" There will be a lot of community access , " said Mike Bochinski , general manager at the complex .
" I mean right from young kids , timbits hockey to minor hockey , double A , triple A hockey .
We ’re really going to cover the whole range , male and female hockey , so it ’s really going to cover everything . "
The 172,000 - square - foot complex will feature four NHL regulation - sized rinks .
Off the ice , 20 full sized dressing rooms and a pro shop will accommodate players , with concessions and a restaurant for spectators .
The main rink will seat 1,500 fans , while the other three rinks will have seating for 250 .
Currently Winnipeg Transit does not provide service to the area .
Buses stop at the Perimeter Highway , leaving a bit of a walk for those relying on public transportation .
Developers have been working with the multplexes ' neighbours to make sure there will be enough parking spaces on site .
So far the project is moving ahead on budget and on schedule .
The complex is expected to open on Aug. 15 .
Let 's say you created a photorealistic Second Life skin , and then discovered that someone else was re-selling elements from it , claiming it as their own .
How would you prove you were the original creator ?
Here 's a novel solution :
Shoot a time lapse video that compresses the four hour creation process into an impressive five minutes .
At least that 's the given motivation for this video , which shows how the artist used DeepPaint3D to create an avatar skin from numerous photo sources .
" As you can see , " the video annotation states , " I 'm piecing the entire head up from many image pieces , which is why my work definitely does n't look like anyone else 's who uses the same photo references . "
That dispute aside , the video is worth watching in its own right , as a mesmerizing testament to the effort that goes into a photorealistic Second Life avatar skin .
Hat tip : Tinas Universum
Image caption Making sure chips do not make mistakes has a financial and power cost
Silicon chips that are allowed to make mistakes could help ensure computers continue to get more powerful , say US researchers .
As components shrink , chip makers struggle to get more performance out of them while meeting power needs .
Research suggests relaxing the rules governing how they work and when they work correctly could mean they use less power but get a performance boost .
Special software is also needed to cope with the error - laden chips .
Call costs
The silicon industry is defined by Moore 's Law , which predicts that the number of transistors that can fit on a given area of silicon , for a given price will double every 18 - 24 months .
This is usually accomplished by shrinking transistors and typically means that processing steadily gets more powerful .
Image caption Chips that make mistakes demand less power
Transistors are tiny switches that are used as the fundamental building blocks of silicon chips .
However , many experts point out that the relentless march of Moore 's Law could stumble when components get so small they become unreliable .
The unreliability - or " statistical variability " - of chips is a problem that many researchers were trying to deal with , said Professor Asen Asenov from the Department of Electronics and Electrical Engineering at the University of Glasgow .
Variability increases as components shrink , said Professor Asenov , who has been using large scale simulations on grid computers to study how the behaviour of transistors changes as they get smaller .
For Professor Rakesh Kumar at University of Illinois the demise of Moore 's Law is being hastened by an insistence on making silicon chips operate flawlessly .
Professor Kumar said variations in manufacturing , environment , and workload can conspire to make a chip suffer errors .
Manufacturers try to ensure that whatever happens , he said , the chip works correctly .
" It 's a case of ' if the software asks the chip to do something it does it at any cost , ' " he said .
Professor Kumar 's research suggests that the pursuit of perfection forces manufacturers to make some poor choices .
" To ensure correct operation you are purposefully running the chips at higher power than you need to , " he said .
Error condition
That insistence on perfection also pushes up manufacturing costs because many chips have to be discarded if they fall short .
Professor Kumar said that it would become harder and harder for chip makers to ensure instructions are executed flawlessly as components shrink .
The tiny components in chips are already starting to give rise to errors .
Instead of trying to eliminate this , he said , it should be embraced to produce so - called " stochastic processors " that are subject to random errors .
" The hardware is already stochastic so why continue pretending it 's flawless ? " he asked .
" Why put in more and more money to make it look flawless ? "
Through research part - funded by Intel , Professor Kumar and his colleagues are designing processors that forgo flawlessness .
Instead they attempt to manage the number and type of errors so they can be coped with efficiently .
An example error , said Professor Kumar , is when a chip fails to complete a cycle of instructions within a given time .
The workings of most chips are governed by a clock and the data processing they do advances with each tick of that time - keeper .
Image caption
The clocks in chips keep processing co-ordinated .
The upside of using chips that can make mistakes is much reduced power consumption .
Depending on how many errors a designer is prepared to tolerate , power consumption can be cut by up to 30 % , he said .
With only 1 % error rates , power can be cut by 23 % .
In many cases the errors will not have a significant impact on the workings of a computer .
In other cases , he said , they could cause a system to crash .
To cope with this , Professor Kumar and colleagues are researching ways to make applications more tolerant of mistakes .
The " robustification " of software , as he calls it , involves re-writing it so an error simply causes the execution of instructions to take longer .
In another approach , the more robust software logs a user 's actions .
As the software is used , this log can be consulted to spot when something unexpected occurs .
The work on applications and programs may be more immediately useful , said Professor Kumar , as it can be applied to existing applications .
This should make them cope with bugs that are showing up now and prepare them for use with future processors .
Take a look at the instructions for using this little chord progression tool .
Once you 've generated a chord progression you like , pop open the chord - finder to find several ways of playing each of the chords or pop open the arpeggiator to see each chord charted out over the entire guitar fretboard .
The purpose of this tool is simply to give you a bunch of options for stringing together chords in an easy - to - remember way .
Definition of a Chord
A chord is defined as 3 or more notes sounded together .
Any 3 different notes is a chord .
Chord types are determined by other factors .
There are lessons in the lesson area with more detailed explanation of chord types .
Chord Progressions
A chord progression is a self - defined term .
It 's simply a progression of chord changes .
There are no rules regarding what you are ' supposed to do ' where chord progressions are concerned but most educated musicians have learned an organized approach for categorizing them .
The Numbering System for chord progressions
Major , Minor and Diminished chords are built using the notes from any major scale very easily .
By stacking every third note of the scale , you 'll see the resulting notes of each chord .
Below is an example using the C major scale .
The notes of the C major scale are :
C D E F G A B C
Click the " NEXT " button to see a brief animation .
The above shows the C major scale and the resulting chords formed by stacking every third note .
The numbers , 1 through 8 , correspond to the major scale .
So , you can see that in the key of C , the 1 , 4 and 5 chords are naturally major chords and the 2 , 3 and 6 chords are naturally minor chords .
The 7 chord is a diminished chord .
In fact , in every major key that is the case .
So , let 's say you are playing a song in the key of C that is a 1 , 6 m , 2 m , 5 progression and it's just a little too high for you to sing along with .
All you need to do in order to find the chords that correspond to that in the key of A , for example , is to select the A root note in the Progressionator and reload the chord progression .
The notes in the A major scale are :
A B C# D E F# G# A
So , the chords in the key of A are :
A Bm C#m D E F#m G#dim
Hope that helps to give you a really high - level view of chords and chord progressions .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
April 17 , 2010
Goldman knowingly pitched worthless mortgage securities to clueless investors who took more than a billion dollar bath .
The SEC and anybody who has two brain cells to rub together know this is massive criminal fraud .
But according to Jim Cramer it is business as usual .
“ Goldman does not sell washing machines .
They do not sell vacuum cleaners .
They sell pieces of paper that are fully disclosed , and you can go long or short them based on the info .
There is no guarantee .
There never has been , ” writes the carnival barker for the world ’s largest sucker casino .
Jim Cramer admits the Great Wall Street Casino is about fleecing chumps .
Cramer thinks you ’re an idiot .
In fact , Goldman Sachs did not disclose to “ investors ” ( suckers , marks , victims ) that the toxic securities were cobbled together with input from a client who was betting they would crash and burn .
Goldman Sachs Sells Subprime Fraud
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Goldman client Paulson & Co. , a hedge fund , paid Goldman around $ 15 million in 2007 to come up with an investment tied to mortgage - related securities that the hedge fund expected to fail .
Paulson took out an insurance policy that allowed it to make a huge profit when the value of those securities went cascading down a black hole .
“ Goldman wrongly permitted a client that was betting against the mortgage market to heavily influence which mortgage securities to include in an investment portfolio , while telling other investors that the securities were selected by an independent , objective third party , ” SEC Enforcement Director Robert Khuzami said in a statement .
Matt Taibbi summarizes : “ GS teamed up with a hedgie named John Paulson ( no relation ) to make the biggest ball of subprime shit they could , got short of it by credit - default - swapping it , then roped third parties into buying it . ”
Cramer should have said : Goldman sells criminal fraud , but he wo n’t say that because it is his job to get the chumps and fools to play the big rigged casino and lose their shorts .
Dylan Ratigan explains how the Goldman scam worked .
Converting the United States into a Third World Backwater
Goldman is at the epicenter of the bankster plan to loot the once great United States and convert it into a third world backwater of misery and untold human suffering .
Goldman ’s huge pump - and - dump scam manipulated whole sectors of the economy and brought speculative bubbles crashing down in an organized fashion .
It was not merely greed , as the corporate media would have you believe , but a finely tooled machine designed to turn you and your children into serfs and paupers .
Expect a few patsies to be sacrificed and the game to continue .
Expect the whores in the district of criminals to ram through a “ consumer protection ” bill that will give even more authority to the Federal Reserve .
More Power to the Bankster Fed
From the Obama website :
It ’s time to hold the big banks accountable to the people they serve , establish the strongest consumer protections in our nation ’s history — and ensure that taxpayers will never again be forced to bail out irresponsible Wall Street millionaires because their firms are called “ too big to fail . ”
Obama wants you to sign up and support his effort to “ [ c ] reate the strongest consumer protections in history . ”
On April 13 , Fed boss Ben Bernanke told the National Bankers Association Foundation in Washington the Fed is “ committed to developing and enforcing strong rules to protect consumers . ”
Translation : the Federal Reserve is committed to making sure a proposed consumer financial services watchdog is blind , deaf , and dumb .
Obama and Congress are hucksters for this plan .
“ The Treasury , Fed , and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency are notoriously bank friendly , ” notes Naked Capitalism .
“ Think they are gonna do anything to seriously inconvenience their charges ?
Not on your life . ”
Bernanke grilled on “ too big to fail ” and secrecy at the Fed .
Deflecting the Anger of the Plebs
Moving “ consumer protection ” to the Federal Reserve is a way to make sure political pressure is deflected .
Even though the Obama administration is packed with bankster operatives , at least to a certain extent it is answerable to the public , albeit weakly .
It ’s all about insulation .
“ Congress was prepared to strip the Fed of some of its authority three years ago due to its abysmal failure to do anything about subprime abuses , even in the face of rising defaults , media coverage of fraud , and pressure from Capitol Hill .
Now Dodd is prepared to reward the Fed for the very same conduct he roundly criticized three years ago .
We can only assume he has already started serving his post - Congressional constituency . ”
Senator Chris Dodd , Chairman of the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs , came up with the brilliant idea to pass legislation establishing a new independent Consumer Protection Bureau at the Federal Reserve Board .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wants the Senate to hand regulation over to the Fed on a silver platter by the end of May .
The Great Swindle will continue until the United States is picked clean and finally reduced to a wasteland .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Geoff Ralston
Partner
Geoff Ralston is the President of Y Combinator and has been with YC since 2011 .
Prior to YC , he built one of the first web mail services , RocketMail which became Yahoo Mail in 1997 .
While at Yahoo , Geoff worked in engineering and ran a business unit before becoming Chief Product Officer .
After Yahoo , he was CEO of Lala , which was acquired in 2009 by Apple .
In 2011 , he cofounded Imagine K12 , the first Ed Tech accelerator , which funded companies like ClassDojo and Remind , and merged with YC in 2016 .
He has an AB in Computer Science from Dartmouth , an MS in Computer Science from Stanford , and an MBA from INSEAD .
US military scientists lost contact with a hypersonic glider nine minutes into its inaugural test flight last week , a defence research agency said on Tuesday .
The unmanned Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 is designed to fly through the upper reaches of Earth 's atmosphere at speeds of up to Mach 20 , providing the US military with a possible platform for striking targets anywhere on the planet with conventional weapons .
The HTV - 2 was launched last week aboard a Minotaur IV rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , according to the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency .
The test flight called for a 30 - minute mission in which the vehicle would glide at high speed before splashing down in the Pacific Ocean , north of a US military test site at the Kwajalein Atoll .
The glider separated from the booster but soon after the signal vanished , a spokeswoman said .
" Preliminary review of data indicates the HTV - 2 achieved controlled flight within the atmosphere at over Mach 20 .
Then contact with HTV - 2 was lost , " Johanna Spangenberg Jones , a spokeswoman for DARPA , told AFP .
" This was our first flight ( all others were done in wind tunnels and simulations ) so although of course we would like to have everything go perfectly , we still gathered data and can use findings for the next flight , scheduled currently for early 2011 , " she said in an email .
The test flight was supposed to cover a total of 4100 nautical miles ( 7600 kilometres ) from lift - off and scientists had hoped to conduct some limited maneuvers , with the HTV - 2 banking and eventually diving for its splash down .
US aerospace giant Lockheed Martin builds the hypersonic glider , which the military calls " revolutionary . "
The hypersonic program appears to fit in with US plans to develop a way of hitting distant targets with conventional weapons within an hour , dubbed " prompt global strike . "
According to a Pentagon fact sheet for the vehicle , " the US military seeks the capability to respond , with little or no advanced warning , to threats to our national security anywhere around the globe . "
A hypersonic plane could substitute for a ballistic missile armed with a conventional warhead , as other countries might suspect the missile represented a nuclear attack .
" Aside from its speed , another advantage is that it would not be mistaken by Russia or China for a nuclear launch , " said Loren Thompson , an analyst with the Lexington Institute who has done consultant work for Lockheed Martin .
The US Air Force has also looked at hypersonic vehicles for intelligence - gathering if spy satellites in low orbit were attacked , he said .
AFP
007 producers , Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli of EON Productions , today announced they have suspended development on the next James Bond film previously scheduled for release 2011 / 2012 .
" Due to the continuing uncertainty surrounding the future of MGM and the failure to close a sale of the studio , we have suspended development on Bond 23 indefinitely .
We do not know when development will resume and do not have a date for the release of Bond 23 , " stated Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli jointly .
EON Productions have produced twenty two James Bond films since 1962 .
In 1995 , Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli took over the 007 franchise from Albert R. Broccoli and are responsible for producing some of the most successful James Bond films ever , including Casino Royale and more recently Quantum of Solace .
The James Bond franchise is the longest running in film history .
EON Productions and Danjaq LLC are affiliate companies and control all worldwide merchandising for James Bond .
Simpson 's cartoon character Milhouse Van Houten was caught lurking around on a Silicon Image Sil154CT64 digital transmitter integrated circuit .
This chip is uses a proprietary digital technology named PanelLink to support graphics displays ranging from VGA to SXGA in a single link interface .
PanelLink implements an open scalable standard that provides all - digital physical connectivity between computers , controllers , and other sources of video to produce an all - digital video interface with higher quality images .
Milhouse Van Houten is a fourth grader who is best friends with Bart Simpson and spends most of his time chilling out with Bart and making moves on Bart 's sister , Lisa .
Milhouse 's legacy includes the fact that he eats Vaseline on toast , he once got his face on America 's Most Wanted and a milk carton , and perhaps his greatest achievement , the incredible feat of purchasing a leather jacket with Bazooka Joe wrappers .
His parents , Kirk and Luanne Van Houten , are divorced , and Milhouse lives with his mother who is currently dating a star from the American Gladiators .
Milhouse 's father was the manager of a cracker factory , until he got fired .
Other than that , Milhouse is your average 10 - year old who leads a normal cartoon character life .
The chip containing this artwork was loaned to us by Chipworks , a company that is an international provider of reverse engineering services , analyzing the circuitry and physical composition of semiconductor chips and electronics systems for competitive study , intellectual property support , and reliability assurance .
At bottom : Former Cheney firm Halliburton made repairs to sunken rig , is now ‘ assisting with the investigation ’ ; Bill Maher
Tweet suggests all “ drill , baby , drill assholes ” should help clean mess
While there ’s not yet any indication as to what caused the disasterous explosion that sunk a British Petrolium drilling platform in the Gulf of Mexico , right - wing radio personality Rush Limbaugh has come up with a rather coy suggestion : “ environmentalist wackos ” did it .
ADVERTISEMENT
Noting that the explosion happened on Earth Day , the man sometimes known as the GOP ’s de-facto leader spun a web of happenstance in which “ the jury ” was “ still out , ” but “ the regime ” will let everyone know what really went down .
Later , on Thursday , HBO ’s Bill Maher Tweeted , “ Every asshole who ever chanted ‘ Drill baby drill ’ should have to report to the Gulf coast today for cleanup duty . ”
President Obama has declared the spill a national disaster and Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal initiated a state of emergency , calling for urgent help to prevent fragile wetlands and vital fishing communities along the coast from pollution on a massive scale .
Jindal listed at least 10 wildlife refuges in Louisiana and Mississippi in the direct path of the oil that are likely to be impacted , warning that billions of dollars in coastal restoration projects could be wasted .
As mile upon mile of protective inflatable booms were frantically lain along the coast , the White House pledged “ all available resources , ” including the military , to avoid a catastrophe .
ADVERTISEMENT
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the decision to designate the slick a disaster of “ national significance ” would allow clean - up equipment and resources from across the United States to be used .
The increased government urgency came after officials revealed late Wednesday that the slick was estimated to be growing five times faster than previously thought following the discovery of a new , third leak .
“ Satellite imagery from this morning indicates the western edge of the oil is 7 - 8 miles from the ( Mississippi ) Delta , ” the US government ’s National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) said .
“ Shoreline impacts become increasingly likely later in the day and into Friday with the strengthening onshore winds . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Latest : Oil slick hits US shores
At time of this writing , the slick ’s spread coated an area of the gulf nearly the size of Jamaica and was predicted by some to become the worst oil spill in history .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The carbon tax bill , cap and trade , that was scheduled to be announced on Earth Day , ” Limbaugh said , arguing that “ hardcore environmentalist wackos ” were opposed to its allowances for more nuclear power and more offshore drilling .
“ What better way to head off more oil drilling , nuclear plants , than by blowing up a rig ? ” he rhetorically asked .
“ I ’m just , I ’m just noting the timing here . ”
“ Shares in BP and Swiss - based rig company Transocean Ltd fell by more than 6 percent Thursday as investors feared a significantly higher cleanup cost , ” Reuters reported .
“ BP is down more than 10 percent and Transocean is down nearly 14 percent since the rig explosion April 20 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Oilfield services companies Cameron International Corp and Halliburton
Co saw their shares tumble on fears about their ties to the Deepwater Horizon rig . [ … ]
Halliburton said it did a variety of work on the rig and was assisting with the investigation . ”
The White House insisted no decision had been made as to whether or not the disaster would affect offshore drilling plans .
“ Sen . Bill Nelson ( D - Fla . ) asked Obama in a letter Thursday to halt the drilling of any new wells offshore until the cause of the spill is understood , ” The Los Angeles Times noted .
“ He said he would introduce a bill to block the administration ’s increased offshore drilling plans . ”
This audio was snipped from The Rush Limbaugh Show by watchdog group Media Matters on April 29 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
When I first looked at the photos of “ mirror man , ” I thought it was a sculpture .
But photographer SilverSky took these pictures and commented : “ I was in LA and this guy shows up in a suit from head to toe made of glass .
I thought it was pretty cool . ”
So now it is clear , that it is a man in costume .
Update ( September 21st , 2010 ) : Thanks to reader Fourfirearts for sending the following information : “ the ‘ mirror man ’ aka ‘ The Collector ’ is artist Gustav Troger of San Francisco and Vienna .
He is in North America now on another ‘ The Collector ’ tour . ”
Photos © SilverSky Via LikeCool
In January , Los Angeles Police Det. Nate Kouri was ordered to stop working .
One of the LAPD ’s most productive homicide investigators sat idle for six weeks , unable to follow any leads on old cases or pick up new ones .
Kouri was not being punished for misconduct or for botching an investigation .
He was benched for working too hard -- and he is not the only one .
With the city reeling from its worst financial crisis in decades , the LAPD has stopped paying officers overtime wages , except in rare situations .
In lieu of cash , officials have implemented a strict policy of forcing cops to take time off when they accrue large amounts of overtime hours .
Because of demanding work schedules that routinely require them to investigate a case into the night or through the weekend , homicide detectives have been among the first officers to be sent home in significant numbers .
The drain on homicide squads has hampered investigations , several detectives and top department officials said in interviews .
Detectives said their investigations are frequently put on hold while they take days off , delaying witness interviews and other potentially important leads .
And , in the crucial first hours after a killing , several supervisors said they now dispatch fewer detectives to the crime scene .
A rash of homicides in recent weeks has compounded the problem , placing increased strain on detectives already running up against overtime limits and leaving homicide supervisors to worry that a prolonged surge in killings will quickly overwhelm the stop - gap measures they are currently using to get by .
LAPD Chief Charlie Beck has used the rise in killings to underscore his frequent warnings to city lawmakers that further cuts to the department ’s budget would continue to compromise its ability to fight crime .
“ The hours have to come from someplace , ” Beck said last week at a meeting with the Los Angeles Police Commission , which oversees the department .
“ It has a serious impact on our ability to respond to some of the large , violent incidents we ’ve been experiencing lately .
That is especially true of homicide investigations because of the long hours they demand . ”
In past years , the LAPD typically spent about $ 100 million in overtime .
The department is planning to set aside less than $ 10 million for the upcoming fiscal year to cover certain work scenarios mandated under federal labor laws .
Before the city ’s fiscal crisis , an agreement between the department and police union called for officers to build up a bank of about 100 hours of overtime and then be paid cash for hours worked beyond that .
Late last year , the department renegotiated the agreement and now officers are not paid until they have accrued 400 hours of extra work .
To make sure no officer reaches that trigger point , the department ’s new policy forbids them from banking more than 250 hours .
In the Southeast Division , where Kouri works , the 11 - person homicide squad was ordered to take off 700 hours in February -- a month when they opened five new investigations .
The same group responded to five killings last February , but worked 500 hours of overtime to solve them .
Nine of the 14 killings this year in the Southeast area remain unsolved .
“ That is horrible compared to our typical rates , ” said Det. Sal LaBarbera , a 24 - year homicide veteran who supervises the Southeast squad .
“ All of those cases are solvable .
None of them are mysteries .
A few of them would likely already be solved , if I could just let my guys loose to work . ”
Similar situations are playing out elsewhere .
Late on a recent Saturday night in the Newton Division , two killings took place in quick succession .
Det. Kelle Baitx , the homicide supervisor , said typically he would have sent a team of two detectives to each of the crime scenes .
That night , however , he had one team take care of both crime scenes because other detectives were approaching their overtime limits .
One of the cases was later reassigned to another team during regular working hours .
“ It ’s not ideal , ” Baitx said of the overtime cap , noting that as a general rule detectives handling a case should work the crime scene as well .
In the Foothill Division , when five slayings occurred in March , a detective assigned to work on old , unsolved killings was enlisted to help .
It ’s a move supervisors in other divisions have made , highlighting concerns that the overtime crunch will deal a blow to the department ’s ability to solve cold cases .
Trying to balance the overtime limits with the need to solve cases , the supervisor in Foothill watched one of his detective ’s overtime hours climb as she worked one of the recent cases .
After three days , when she typically would have pressed on through the weekend , he ordered her to stop and stay home for several days .
Supervisors said they are also seeing the policy take a toll on morale among their detectives .
“ It ’s really disheartening , ” said Kouri , who solved more than a dozen cases last year .
“ It goes against the mentality of homicide detectives .
All we want to do is work our cases .
That ’s what we feel we owe to the families of victims -- to work straight through . ”
Several detectives said they do n’t always drop their cases during down days , making phone calls and filling out paperwork on their own time .
The detectives are taking a financial hit as well , since roughly a third of their pay has traditionally come from overtime wages .
Many , like Kouri , who were over the cap from the start were forced to take extended leaves to lower their totals .
Going forward , Beck put field commanders on notice that they were responsible for keeping their officers below the limit .
At weekly meetings once reserved for reviewing crime - fighting strategies , the commanders are grilled on what they are doing to keep work hours in check .
Homicide squads are not the only units feeling the brunt of the overtime rule .
Large numbers of officers in other specialized assignments , such as the SWAT , canine and bomb units , are also at or above the limit .
And , in several stations situated in high - crime areas , the number of regular patrol and anti-gang officers above 200 hours of overtime has reached double digits .
The policy has had a significant effect on the number of officers available to work .
Last year , officers decided to take about 17,000 hours off each month in compensation for overtime , department figures show .
In March , that number soared to nearly 60,000 hours .
The increase in lost work hours was the equivalent to removing about 290 officers from the department roster .
“ In homicide , we create our own luck by staying out there and beating bushes until we find what we need , ” said Det. Chris Barling , who oversees the LAPD ’s South Bureau homicide unit .
“ Are we going to miss something because my guys are being forced to take two days off in the middle of an investigation ?
Could this cause us to not solve a case ?
Sure . ”
joel.rubin@latimes.com
Celtics forward Kevin Garnett has been suspended for Game 2 of Boston 's first - round playoff series against the Heat for landing an elbow to the face of Miami's Quentin Richardson in a fourth - quarter fracas during Game 1 on Saturday .
The announcement was made Sunday by Stu Jackson , NBA executive vice president of basketball operations .
Richardson was fined $ 25,000 for his role in the altercation .
Garnett earned a double technical and ejection in the melee that unfolded after Paul Pierce tumbled to the ground near the Miami bench with 40 seconds left in Boston 's victory at the TD Garden .
" I saw Paul grab his shoulder , as a stinger or whatever , so I just tried to immediately call [ Celtics trainer ]
Ed [ Lacerte ] over , " Garnett explained after the game .
" I tried to give him some room and I just saw [ Quentin Richardson ] standing over him talking nonsense .
I asked [ Richardson ] to give him some room and , before you knew it , mayhem started .
That situation , man , I know these two [ Richardson and Pierce ] have competed against each other in the past and have history from bumping heads a little bit .
I was just trying to give him the common courtesy for an injured player , that 's all .
Nothing more , nothing less .
" I have no beef with Q , I know him personally .
I thought what he did was a bit disrespectful , standing over a guy hurt , you know , and talking nonsense .
Before you knew it , it all just broke out .
I gotta use my head , but all I saw was Paul hurt and that 's all I cared about at that time . "
Kevin Garnett elbowed Quentin Richardson as part of the fracas that resulted in his ejection .
AP Photo / Elise Amendola
Pierce said Sunday his right shoulder was better .
" The shoulder is feeling all right , " Pierce said , according to the Boston Herald .
" I 'll just get a massage on it , ice it , get some treatment .
It should be good . "
Referee Joe DeRosa released the following statement after the game : " [ Garnett ] was ejected for throwing an elbow that made contact with Quentin Richardson .
He had already had one technical foul for taunting with Quentin Richardson before that .
Then as the altercation went on , he threw an elbow that did make contact with Richardson , which was his second technical foul and he was ejected . "
DeRosa also noted that Garnett would have been disqualified for a second technical even if the elbow had not made contact with Richardson .
The NBA 's punishment is consistent with past cases of elbowing .
The league handed out a one - game suspension to Dwight Howard on April 29 during last year 's playoffs against Philadelphia .
After Saturday 's game , Richardson sounded off on both Garnett and Pierce , calling Garnett and Pierce " actresses " and saying , " I do n't like them , and they know it . "
Earlier Sunday , Garnett did his best to avoid engaging in a war of words with Richardson , but reiterated his stance that he thought Richardson 's actions were " classless . "
Asked for a response to Richardson 's comments , Garnett would n't bite .
" No thoughts at all , " said Garnett .
" Classless -- a classless act on his part .
I 'm moving on with it .
I 'm not going to go back and forth commenting through [ the media ] .
End this . "
Garnett said he apologized to his teammates after Saturday 's game .
" I apologized because , like [ coach ] Doc [ Rivers ] said , sometimes even when you 're right you 're wrong , " said Garnett .
" A situation like that was totally classless , you know , but you keep it moving .
It 's nothing to keep going back and forth with . "
The Celtics were bracing themselves for the possibility of Garnett 's suspension Sunday , though they did lament the fact that the ruling did not come down before their afternoon practice session .
Now Boston 's frontcourt reserves , including Glen Davis , Rasheed Wallace and Shelden Williams , will be called upon to shoulder a bigger load in a pivotal Game 2 .
The Celtics sounded confident , even in the face of losing an emotional leader .
" We know we can hold down the fort , " Pierce said before the suspension came down .
" We 're not one of those teams that , when the star player goes down , you find excuses to not play hard , to not win . "
Chris Forsberg covers the Celtics for ESPNBoston.com .
Online CD swapping service turned online music streaming service Lala is beginning the process of shutting down starting today .
The service is no longer accepting new users , and current users wo n't be able to upload new songs from their library .
Web streaming and mp3 downloads will continue to be available until May 31 .
Lala spent the last couple of years transforming itself into a viable streaming service , offering DRM - free mp3 downloads as well as a 10 ¢ per song web streaming option .
Last fall , the company also struck a deal with Google to provide streaming music clips for relevant artist , song , or lyric searches .
Despite its successes , Lala was n't yet in a position to turn a profit any time soon .
Then this past December , Apple acquired Lala without indicating its plans for the service .
Several reports suggested that Apple would fold Lala into iTunes , either offering its own streaming service , or developing a cloud - based alternative to the local iTunes library .
Such a service could be accessible from any web browser when away from home , and likely from Apple 's stable of mobile devices , though the company had made no announcement to offer such a service .
Lala 's website explains that users will ( of course ) be able to keep any downloaded songs .
The full balance spent on web song purchases , along with any unused wallet or gift card balance will be transferred automatically to iTunes Store credit .
Users have the option to request a refund of wallet credit only in the form of a check , as long as that request is received before May 31 .
Links to Lala are still showing up in Google searches this morning , though it seems likely this may go away at the end of May as well .
Apple had not responded to our request for comment at the time of publishing .
UPDATE : Apple confirmed that Lala as a company will cease to exist after May 31 , and by extension will no longer have streaming songs for Google search results .
If or when a replacement service might becoming , Apple would n't say , as it does not comment about future products or services .
Gallup and Healthways started collecting BMI data as part of the Well - Being Index in January of 2008 and surveyed in 187 metro areas in 2009 .
This is the first in a two - part series reviewing the most and least obese metro areas in the United States .
Gallup will reveal the 10 least obese metro areas in part two of this series .
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Montgomery , Ala. , and Stockton Calif. , tie for the most obese metro areas in the U.S. , with adult obesity rates of 34.6 % -- substantially surpassing the national average obesity rate of 26.5 % .
More than one - third of adults are classified as obese in the 10 metro areas found to be most obese according to Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index collected in 2009 .
Gallup tracks Americans ' height and weight daily , and then determines obesity by calculating a respondents '
Body Mass Index ( BMI ) based on these self - reports .
The 26.5 % found to be obese in the United States in 2009 is up from 25.5 % in 2008 .
Looking in - depth at the health - related behaviors , community conditions , and physical health across the 10 most obese metro areas reveals that on almost every item these 10 places rank among the bottom two - thirds of all 187 metro areas surveyed .
Ten Most Obese Places Need Improvement in Healthy Behaviors
Gallup and Healthways measure healthy behaviors in the United States by combining four metrics measuring Americans ' eating , exercise , and smoking habits into the Healthy Behaviors Index .
The results show that areas ranking high on obesity generally rank low on healthy behaviors .
Specifically , all of the 10 most obese metro areas fall within the bottom two - thirds of all areas surveyed for frequent exercise .
In terms of eating habits , of the 10 most obese places , seven are in the bottom two - thirds among all metro areas for reporting eating healthy " yesterday " and for fruit and vegetable consumption .
In addition to monitoring healthy behaviors , the Gallup - Healthways daily tracking includes measures of access to several conditions important to a healthy lifestyle : accessibility of fresh fruits and vegetables , having a safe place to exercise , having enough money to buy food , and having health insurance .
" Each of the 10 most obese metro areas surveyed are in the bottom two - thirds of all places in terms of diabetes . "
Eight of the 10 most obese areas rank in the bottom two - thirds of all places measured in terms of easy access to fruits and vegetables and nine rank in the bottom two - thirds for having a safe place to exercise .
Seven of the 10 most obese metro areas are among the bottom 25 places where residents say that there have been times in the past 12 months when they did not have enough money to buy food for themselves or their family .
Most Obese Places Suffering With Poor Physical Health
Obesity is often a precursor to chronic and costly health problems , including high blood pressure , high cholesterol , diabetes , and heart attack .
These types of conditions are included in the Gallup and Healthways daily tracking as part of the Physical Health Index , which consists of 18 items .
Each of the 10 most obese metro areas surveyed are in the bottom two - thirds of all places in terms of diabetes .
Huntington / Ashland , W. Va./Ky./ Ohio , Montgomery , Ala. , and Kingsport / Bristol , Tenn./ Va. , are in the bottom 10 among all metro areas surveyed in regard to high blood pressure , with rates nearly 10 percentage points higher than the national average .
Huntington and Kingsport are also in the bottom 10 for high cholesterol , as is Lynchburg , Va. Again , Huntington and Kingsport are among the bottom 10 for heart attacks , with rates nearly twice the national average .
On a positive note , 4 of the 10 most obese areas are in the top third among all metro areas for not smoking , but the other six rank in the bottom two - thirds .
Bottom Line
Obesity is widely considered to be an urgent and widespread health issue facing the United States .
Gallup finds that obesity rates have increased marginally from 2008 to 2009 , and that in the country 's most obese places , these rates are close to one - third or more of the adult population .
There is a growing recognition by health professionals , employers , and the government that obesity is a serious health problem that is linked to other chronic conditions .
Many organizations have established wellbeing or health programs that attempt to reduce obesity among various groups in society , including first lady Michelle Obama 's recently launched program to reduce obesity among children .
Focusing on improving the exercise and eating habits in the nation 's most obese places as well as improving their residents ' access to healthy choices may be critical to helping Michelle Obama and others achieve their goals , reducing the prevalence not only of obesity , but also of chronic conditions .
Learn more about the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with more than 353,000 American adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 2 - Dec. 29 , 2009 .
For annual results based on the stated total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±0.2 percentage points .
The Metropolitan Statistical Areas ( MSAs ) that are characterized in this article are defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget .
Maximum expected error ranges for the MSAs vary according to size , ranging from ± 6.2 % in small metro areas ( n=350 ) to ± 4.1 % in medium / large metro areas ( n=800 ) .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only and cell phone mostly ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
About the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index ™
The Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index measures the daily pulse of U.S. wellbeing and provides best - in - class solutions for a healthier world .
To learn more , please visit well - beingindex.com .
Firefox Keylogger Addon Improved
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " > sM10sM20 submitted this video to us - " < span style = " font - style : italic ; " >
I first heard of a firefox keylogging addon a few months back but forgot about it until today when I found this addon : </ span>http://securitytube.net/Firefox-Remote-Keylogger-Addon-(PT)-video.aspx<span style = " font - style : italic ; " > " .</ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " >
I wrote a JavaScript keylogger last year and the addon above uses almost exactly the same source except being an addon it can travel cross domain .
Cool as it might have been this addon was still missing allot so I tore it apart and built a new one from scratch .
Why use a FireFox addon ?
FireFox addons only require firefox so this can run on Windows , Linux , or Mac .
There is not a single anti-virus program on earth that will stop this .
And
It is much easier to social engineer someone to install an addon than it is to run an .exe
The main problem with the original addon is that it will not tell you which domain the keystrokes were sent to .
It will only record the keystrokes .
Not knowing the purpose of the keystrokes makes them completely useless .
So I fixed that and added a few more things .
After the browser opens the addon will record all keystrokes made on the target domain and then send them once the domain changes .
This addon has no trouble working with multiple tabs , or switching between domains while entering information .
Keystrokes are sent via XmlHttpRequest so there is no visible loading in the status bar at all .
I have also created a server side php script to save all the sent data .
All files , documentation , and installation instructions can be found at : http://ssteam.ws/showthread.php?p=8867 </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > Installation : </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 1 .
Upload the file save .
php to a web directory on your http server .
</ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 2 .
Chmod 777 the folder so save .
php can record the keys to keyz .
txt </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 3 .
Unzip sm10key.zip </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 4 .
Extract files from the jar at / chrome/xulschoolhello.jar </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 5 .
Open / content/ browserOverlay.js </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 6 .
Edit the host variable to match your server + script </ span >< br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 7 .
Save the edited jar </ span > < br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > 8 .
Save the edited .zip as sm10 key.xpi</span >" < br style = " font - style : italic ; " >< br > Thanks go out to sM10sM20 for referring this video to us !< br >< br >< br ></div >< br >< style type =" text /css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style >
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Last year , the White House took a lot of heat from the press corps when it said that Fox news is not a news organization .
Keep that in mind when you watch this fantastic video from HuffPo's Ben Craw ( via Media Matters ) :
Fox News simply defies description .
This guide was written by Phased @ Grasscity
So , you ’ve just started smoking and you ’re wondering what kind of new piece you should get .
Honestly , you ca n’t smoke out of that Gatorade bottle taped to a 12 mm socket forever !
Not only that , but Shady Sanchez sold you “ 1/8th of some Kush ” and you ’re not sure if you got played for a fool .
You ’ve come to the right place !
We ’ll go ahead and learn about Bud Quality awareness first .
Click ‘ Continue Reading ’ for the whole guide !
First , know that strain names are usually made up .
The only way you can be sure that a strain name is legitimate is if you ’ve received your Marijuana from a dispensary or straight from the grower .
Also , obviously , if your dealer is close with the grower .
Do n’t be afraid to ask .
To get started you can buy cannabis seeds online here .
This time , though , you ’re buying for the first time .
You ’d like to know if what you have is actually some dank or if you were scammed .
Before we go into visual checkpoints for your bud , I ’m going to explain a little bit about Bud Quality Assurance Nouns .
These are quite controversial as of late , so I thought I ’d go ahead and clear some stuff up .
Everyone has their own set of Bud Quality Assurance Nouns , but most people misuse them .
Also , generally there are no 100 % correct Bud Quality Assurance Nouns , but here ’s the set we ’ll be using for the remainder of this guide :
Schwag – Mids – Beasters – Fire
There are , however , incorrect Bud Quality Assurance Nouns .
These are the most misused words in the world of Marijuana , guaranteed .
Dro is short for Hydroponics .
This BQAN is often misused to describe Beasters .
This is completely incorrect !
Hydroponics – A method of growing plants using mineral nutrient solutions instead of soil .
So , as you can see , Dro is used to describe the way the Marijuana was grown and has absolutely nothing to do with the quality of the Marijuana itself .
You can have hydroponically grown Fire and hydroponically grown Mids .
Obviously , both are completely different .
Also , the word Kush is very often used to describe Fire , although this is also completely incorrect !
Kush – Marijuana originating from the Hindu Kush mountain range located between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Although usually , if someone is selling you “ Kush ” it ’s going to be pretty Fire .
There is a very small chance that you can get your hands on some industrial Kush .
This type of marijuana will be equal in quality to that of Mids .
So , to prevent you from ever overpaying for 1/8th of “ Kush , ” we ’re going to take a look at the visual checkpoints for the quality assurance of Marijuana !
____________WEED
WARNING_____________
[ GRIT ]
DON ’T SMOKE THIS !
COVERED IN GLASS SHARDS !
DON ’T SMOKE THIS !
This bud will appear very crystallized and the “ kief ” will fall off very easily .
Some of this excess “ kief ” may not fall through the screen in your grinder , as it should .
Detecting Grit Weed :
If a bud is applied to the tongue and leaves a sandy feeling , it is contaminated .
A bud is shaken above the back of a CD and the resulting “ kief ” is pressed and dragged along the surface of said CD .
If this action results in the appearance of scratches , the bud is contaminated .
____________WEED
WARNING____________
[ Schwag ]
Most easily identifiable .
Sometimes referred to as Dirt or Bobby Browns .
Plagued with seeds and stems everywhere !
Always noticeably brown in color !
Dry and very earthy smelling .
Will taste almost nothing like marijuana .
______________________________________
[ Mids ]
Sometimes referred to as Midgrade , Regs , or Thirties .
Light brown or very dark green areas of coloration .
Mostly contains seeds .
Considerably less than Schwag though .
Mids do not usually have hairs like Beasters and Fire .
Rare in some cases of High - Mids !
Almost no crystallization , expect a flat dark green color .
Un - shiny .
Slightly skunk - smelling , but not noticeably pungent .
Still quite dry , although not as bad as Dirt .
The taste will be more desirable than schwag including faint traces of actual marijuana taste .
______________________________________
[ Beasters ]
Sometimes referred to as “ Dro . ”
Slightly crystallized .
Slightly shiny .
Usually quite hairy , but pressed against the bud .
Quite strong smelling , but not overpowering .
More truly green , less yellow - brown in color .
Usually extremely dense and compact buds .
Seedless for the most part .
Tastes noticeably like marijuana .
Much more fresh and pungent tasting .
______________________________________
[ Fire ]
Sometimes referred to as Dank , Piff , Headies , Flame , Crip , KB , Kine Bud , Kill , “ Kush . ”
Colors vary , usually very noticeably green .
Can be any color of the rainbow .
Sometimes hairy , not always .
Hairs are can be protruding from the bud or compacted toward it .
Very crystallized !
Very very shiny !
Very strong fruity , skunk , or pine smell .
Can be fluffy or dense depending on strain .
Will taste heavily of fruit , pine , or plain ol ’ marijuana .
Very unique flavors exist .
______________________________________
Amounts :
Well , now that you ’re well educated on the visual appearance of your bud , you need to know if your dealer gave you the correct amount .
There really is no way to visually tell if you were given the correct amount of Marijuana .
You can come close , but you will never be accurate .
I ’d like to mention that if you ’re reading this part of the guide , get a damn scale !
It makes life easier .
Look around at hobby shops , they even have metal key chain scales that will never break if used and stored properly and are always accurate !
They ’re about $ 3 .
There really is no way to tell visually that what you were sold is what you have .
However , here is a size comparison for 1/8th of Marijuana :
I am only going to post one picture .
From this picture you should be able to “ eyeball ” your bag and see if you ’ve gotten ripped off or not .
The scaling goes as follows , although there are also different Bud Quantity Assurance Nouns !
Nickel * Bag , Nick * – 0.5 Gram Bag
Dime * Bag , Dime* , Gram – 1 Gram Bag
Dub – 2 Gram Bag
Cut , Eighth , Slice – 3.5 Gram Bag
Fourth , Quarter – 7 Gram Bag
Half O , Half Zip – 14 Gram Bag
Zip , Ounce , O – 28 Gram Bag
Dime –
This does n’t always necessarily mean it ’s going to be a 1 Gram Bag .
Dime traditionally means that it ’s a $ 10 sack , which may be more or less than 1 gram depending on the quality of bud .
Nickel / Nick –
This does n’t always necessarily mean it ’s going to be a 1/ 2 Gram Bag .
Nickel traditionally means that it ’s a $ 5 sack , which may be more or less than 1 / 2 of a gram depending on the quality of bud .
Dub – Dub traditionally means that it ’s a $ 20 sack , which may be more or less than 2 grams depending on the quality of bud .
______________________________________
Getting Ripped Off :
There are several ways to protect yourself from getting ripped off :
Buy a scale and bring it with you !
Weigh that shit out in front of your dealer !
Or ask your dealer to weigh it out in front of you .
It ’s better to have your own though just in case he has an excuse as to why he does n’t have his on him .
( Traveling with a scale enables you to be busted for “ Intent to Distribute . ”
Make sure you keep it hidden well and separately from your stash ! )
Know what you ’re talking about , or try to .
If you sound ignorant , you are ignorant , and your dealer will take advantage of this .
Know your Bud Quality Assurance Nouns and Bud Quantity Assurance Nouns !
Try to get it through someone you know .
The less shady your transaction is , the less likely you are to get ripped off .
Bring someone with you that knows what the hell is up !
It never hurts to have someone around who knows what they ’re talking about .
Be nice !
If your bag is short , confront your dealer kindly .
If he runs away , take the loss .
Remember , drug dealers are already breaking the law , why should n’t they carry a weapon ?
______________________________________
Pieces :
[ Bongs ]
Brands :
ADS
Illadelph
Toro
PH(X )
RooЯ
JBD
EHLE
PURE
Blue Dot
Kind Creations
Faded
Molino
Weed Star
ZOB
DZL
VIP Glass
Phire
PURP
GEAR
HVY
MediCali
There are many more as well , this is just a small list .
Bongs MUST be called water pipes when present in a head shop !
Bongs can come in a variety of materials such as Glass , Acrylic , Ceramic and Bamboo .
Chamber Clearing :
Bongs can have sliders , or they can have carbs .
A majority of cheap bongs have carbs , but this is not a telltale sign of quality , just a preference .
Carb – A hole that you put your thumb over so you can create suction with your lungs in order to take the hit .
You then release the hole to clear your smoke from the chamber .
Slider – A bowl piece that is removed from the downstem or ash catcher in order to allow oxygen into your bong and clear the chamber .
Bongs will come either Glass on Glass ( GonG ) or Rubber on Glass .
This part is pretty self - explanatory .
If your slider comes in contact with another piece of glass then your bong is most likely a GonG .
If your slider has , or comes in contact with a rubber grommet , you do n’t have a GonG .
A GonG bong will usually have ground glass joints .
This is commonly misconceived as “ frosted glass . ”
Percolation :
Bongs use percolation as another type of diffusion , just another way to separate and cool down the smoke before it reaches your lungs !
They can be percolated with a dome or a tree .
The percolator is usually located in the neck of the bong .
Although , can be located “ fixed ” at the bottom of a stemless bong instead of a diffused down stem .
Can also be percolated several times in different areas .
Tree Percolator – Classified by its many arms with small slits or holes at the bottom and is more widely used on many bongs .
Dome Percolator – Usually less commonly found on bongs .
Easily identifiable by a single dome with holes or slits around the entire circumference of the bottom .
There are also a few other types of percolators in production .
Disc diffusion percolators is one of them .
Toro and Sovereignty are the main producers of percolator variations other than tree or dome .
Downstems and Diffusion :
Your bong ’s downstem can either be diffused or not .
This part on a bong is usually diffused .
This just means there are laser - cut holes or slits at the bottom which separate the smoke for cooling .
Ice Catchers :
Always found above percolators and splash guards .
Catches the ice !
I ’m 100 % sure this is self explanatory .
Splash Guard :
Simple , yet effective .
Easily mistaken for a percolator , but upon close inspection is just a small dome , usually directly underneath the ice catcher .
Does exactly what it says , guards from percolator splash .
No one likes bong water in their mouth .
Joint :
Typically the part on the bong where the slider or ash catcher meets the beaker or bottom chamber of the bong .
Joints will have different sizes , as with anything else , bigger is better .
Ash Catchers :
These guys are a glass aficionado ’s dream .
They catch all the dirty ash from cleared bowls so that crap does n’t get your beautiful bong dirty .
Ash Catchers are sometimes diffused .
They have down stems and are usually filled with water before use .
They are another means of smoke filtration , although sometimes negligible .
Toro ash catchers , also known as Trashcatchers , are more commonly diffused .
As well as Sovereignty ash catchers .
Basically higher end ash catchers .
Inline ash catchers are intricately designed artistic pieces with a sideways downstem , sometimes diffused .
These pieces are exceptional at keeping ash out of your bong .
______________________________________
Now we will go ahead and move on to the less glorious part of the Marijuana paraphernalia world .
______________________________________
[ Pipes ]
Often used for their portability .
Single chamber with a carb .
Come in a variety of materials .
Also called Spoons !
______________________________________
[ Bubblers ]
Filtered portability .
Single , double , or triple chambered with a Carb .
These pieces can also be diffused !
Can get just as expensive and intricate as some bongs .
These pieces are basically a water filtered pipe .
Come in a variety of types such as Sidecar , Hammer , and Sherlock .
______________________________________
[ Chillums ]
Also called bats .
Even more straightforward than a pipe .
Just a straight piece .
Known for their exceptionally large hits .
Used for stealth smoking and being discreet .
______________________________________
[ Vaporizers ]
Decent ones are pretty expensive .
Cheaper ones are okay , but not as great .
Second healthiest way to get high , next to oral administration .
Vaporizes your Marijuana , turning it into a Vapor. ( Duh ! )
______________________________________
[ Steamrollers ]
Straight shot tube .
Gets you extremely high .
Extremely harsh on the lungs .
Basically a straight pipe with a bowl on top .
______________________________________
[ Dug Outs ]
Compact
Discreet
Comes with a chillum to use .
One compartment for ground bud .
One compartment for the chillum .
______________________________________
[ Miscellaneous ]
This section is for the miscellaneous types of pieces that you may or may not get see at your head shop .
Waterfall Bongs
Bucket Bongs
Gravity Bongs
Dry - Lungs
The above are relatively the same concept with designs based on the user ’s preference .
Hookahs :
Fruit :
Gas Mask :
This gets you exceptionally high !
Enjoy !
Photo : Kevin Lamarque / Reuters / Landov
On Saturday , January 9 , Rupert Murdoch was on his Boeing 737 returning to New York from a business trip to Los Angeles when he learned that the New York Times had just posted a long profile of Fox News chief Roger Ailes on its website , one that he knew was going to cause a giant headache .
Earlier that morning , Murdoch ’s son - in - law Matthew Freud , the London PR executive who ’s married to his daughter Elisabeth , had sent an e-mail to Murdoch ’s BlackBerry ( Murdoch only recently began using e-mail himself ) .
“ I ’ve given a quote to the New York Times , and you ’re probably not going to like it , ” Freud wrote .
The quote lived up to its advance billing — and quite a bit more .
“ I am by no means alone within the family or the company in being ashamed and sickened by Roger Ailes ’s horrendous and sustained disregard of the journalistic standards that News Corporation , its founder and every other global media business aspires to , ” Freud , the great - grandson of Sigmund , had told the paper .
Certainly there was personal animus in the remark ; in the left - of - center London social circles where Freud and Elisabeth operated , Fox is particularly loathed .
But the quote was also a salvo in a battle that had been raging around Murdoch for years .
Is Fox News a disreputable cash cow , its reported $ 700 million in profit something to be tolerated with a held nose ?
Or is it central to the News Corp. mission ?
And questions like these lead directly to others : Who is Rupert Murdoch , really ?
And what does he want now ?
As always , these questions do not lend themselves to simple answers .
The News Corp. patriarch turns 79 years old on March 11 .
The younger generation — Prudence , 51 ; Elisabeth , 41 ; Lachlan , 38 ; James , 37 — is no longer that young .
Three of its members are accomplished businesspeople in their own right .
And they , along with senior News Corp. executives , have been working toward the day when Rupert is no longer making the decisions .
They are trying to shape and define his legacy , sometimes editing out parts , like Roger Ailes and Fox News , that offend their sensibilities , while trying to position the company for a future that looks very different from the present .
But the problem with these efforts is that Rupert Murdoch is not going anywhere .
If anything , he ’s been more active than ever , raging at his adversaries with the vigor of a man half his age .
Over the last several months , he ’s been waging a very public war with Google , trying to bend the freewheeling web according to his own rules .
He successfully fought Time Warner to get the cable giant to cough up millions to broadcast his Fox affiliates .
And he ’s rebuilding The Wall Street Journal with an eye on destroying the New York Times , one of the most ancient of his enemies .
For Murdoch , these conflicts amount to holy missions .
While others may see him as an opportunistic predator , ready to lay waste to whatever falls under his gaze , Murdoch sees himself as a moralist , the enemy of entrenched , arbitrary power .
( Indeed , many of his newspaper wars , from the Times of London vs. the Daily Telegraph to the New York Post vs. the Daily News , have been financial debacles for both parties involved . )
Google and the Times may be on opposite ends of the media spectrum , but they share an arrogance about their place in the world .
And Murdoch , from the beginning , has found purpose in teaching such institutions hard lessons .
Many see his pursuit of the Times as an irrational atavism , a figment of his past .
Yet if the Times is going to fall , he wants not only to hasten its destruction but also to be there to dance on the rubble .
When Murdoch landed in New York around 2 p.m. , he called his chief spokesperson , Teri Everett .
A release went out saying that “ Matthew Freud ’s opinions are his own and in no way reflect the views of Rupert Murdoch , who is proud of Roger Ailes and Fox News . ”
He spent much of the weekend at his apartment at 834 Fifth Avenue — Laurance Rockefeller ’s former triplex , which he and his wife , Wendi , had purchased for $ 44 million in 2005 .
All things considered , there was much to be pleased about .
20th Century Fox ’s Avatar was on track to earn $ 2 billion , which would make it the highest - grossing film of all time .
He had survived a crippling media recession and was licking his chops at the prospect of launching a good old - fashioned newspaper war .
And yet the Freud quote was still gnawing at him .
“ Here he is at the height of his powers , and all anyone wants to talk about is this one quote .
He finds that incredibly frustrating , ” a senior News Corp. executive recently recalled .
Murdoch , who depends on Ailes ’s profits to fund his unprofitable hobbies ( the New York Post , for instance , which has failed to take down the Daily News and is said to lose as much as $ 70 million a year ) , did n’t want Ailes to do anything rash , like quit .
His feelings about Ailes were complicated , but he needs him .
( Just as he needs his children , but gets furious at their efforts to usurp control . )
And so inside News Corp. , Murdoch worked to quell the little family rebellion .
On Monday , while Ailes was having lunch with News Corp. chief operating officer Chase Carey in the third - floor executive dining room , Murdoch made an impromptu visit .
Both James and Elisabeth sent Ailes e-mails explaining that Freud ’s views were n’t their own .
Everyone had fallen into line .
Rupert Murdoch was still in charge .
Photo : Mark Lennihan / AP
The Freud quote was not the first time in recent memory that Murdoch had choked on his morning Times .
On June 10 , 2007 , Murdoch opened the Gray Lady to read an editorial about his planned takeover of the Journal .
“ Frankly , ” the piece intoned , “ we hope the Bancrofts will find a way to continue producing their fine newspaper , or , failing that , find a buyer who is a safer bet to protect the newspaper for its readers . ”
Murdoch was infuriated by the editorial , which he saw as yet another example , as if more were needed , of the Times ’ characteristic self - interest wrapped in a cloak of high - toned moralism .
The previous night , he had run into Times chairman Arthur Sulzberger Jr. at a party on Barry Diller ’s yacht , and Sulzberger had assured him the piece was n’t “ faintly anti-Murdoch , ” as Sarah Ellison reports in her upcoming book , War at the Wall Street Journal .
Murdoch wrote Sulzberger a personal note the next morning that concluded : “ Let the battle begin ! ”
The next day , Sulzberger was sitting in his office at the Times Building with Richard Beattie , the chairman of law firm Simpson Thacher , who had advised the Dow Jones board during the Journal deal .
Sulzberger pulled out Murdoch ’s note .
“ He was laughing at the time , ” Beattie told me .
“ He thought it was cute . ” Sulzberger never replied to Murdoch ’s letter .
When I called Sulzberger to ask about the competition with the Journal , he dismissed my question out of hand : “ Whatever , ” he said .
“ I ’ve given a quote to the New York Times , and you ’re probably not going to like it . ” — Murdoch ’s Son-in - Law Matthew Freud
Murdoch had coveted the Journal for as long as anyone close to him could remember , and he stalked it through the middle of the last decade , even when it became clear that the newspaper industry ’s fortunes were in an irreversible spiral .
Some see an Ahab - like obsession in Murdoch ’s pursuit of the Times .
“ [ Buying the Journal ] was the worst deal he ever did .
It never made sense , ” a former senior News Corp. executive says .
“ He had no justification for why he should buy it — he just wanted it . ”
Financially , the $ 5 billion acquisition could n’t have been worse .
Last year , News Corp. announced it was taking an embarrassing $ 3 billion write - down on its newspapers , effectively suggesting it overpaid for the Journal by half .
But for Murdoch , financials are always facts to be managed , rationalized by other means .
Building the Journal into a general - interest newspaper to take on the Times is a crusade .
Arthur Sulzberger himself is , for Murdoch , a symbol of the Times ’ hypocrisy , its smugness , and its shortcomings .
Murdoch ’s hatred of the Times is a product of his long - standing class antagonisms rooted in his early days as an Australian building an empire in London .
But on a more fundamental level , he believes Sulzberger is a poor businessman who has mismanaged his company ’s fortunes and deserves to lose .
Robert Thomson , whom Murdoch installed to run the Journal in May 2008 , shares the belief that American journalism in general , and the New York Times in particular , is hidebound and decadent .
“ There are two personnel moves at the New York Times that I think make them vulnerable , ” Thomson tells me .
“ One is Mr. Sulzberger remains in place .
And the second is that Howell Raines lost his job .
Because whatever Howell Raines ’s sins were , he was clearly a reformer .
And he was prepared to confront the journalistic elite at the paper and bring the New York Times into the modern ages .
That process really stopped when Howell left . ”
( Raines ’s successor , executive editor Bill Keller , declined to comment for this story . )
About a decade ago , Thomson and Murdoch had become close .
They are both married to Chinese natives , and the couples vacation together on Murdoch ’s yacht .
In 2001 , as a top editor at the Financial Times , Thomson was passed over in his bid to run the paper .
He felt betrayed and quit the FT five months later to work for Murdoch as editor of the Times of London .
Photo : Peter Drace / Fox News
Thomson ’s views of journalists are closely aligned with those of his boss :
He thinks most of them are liberals overly concerned with writing stories that will impress other liberal journalists and win prizes in journalism competitions .
With a pronounced stoop brought on by arthritis in his spine , Thomson is something of an awkward leader , “ a wimpy nerd , ” as he described himself in a recent speech .
His gaunt frame is accentuated by a wardrobe of shiny , narrow - cut suits paired with skinny ties .
He tempers this ungainly presence with a wry , self - effacing manner and a habit of laughing at his own jokes .
Historically , the Journal had treated general news as a commodity for other papers to cover .
Instead , it focused journalistic muscle on its deep financial coverage , with a specialty in long narrative articles chronicling boardroom struggles as epic sagas of greed and ambition .
While it owned the business beat , its front page was a hybrid of a magazine and a newspaper , defined by its subdued headlines and hand - drawn illustrations .
Paul Steiger , the Journal ’s longtime editor , used to say that the Journal was a “ second read . ”
Murdoch and Thomson flatly despised this conception .
With newspaper circulation and advertising in retreat , they believed readers had little time for one paper , let alone two .
To win , the Journal needed to become an aggressive , general - interest newspaper that would grab readers ’ attention at the newsstand and assault the New York Times as the country ’s preeminent agenda setter .
Over the past year , Thomson , following Murdoch ’s direction , made dramatic changes to the paper , insisting on shorter stories and covering natural disasters and plane crashes .
The transition was jarring .
“ What is this , a high - school newspaper ? ” one reporter recalled thinking after an editor sent out an assignment to cover a shooting in upstate New York last spring .
The strategy has allowed the paper to make some modest inroads , especially in cities , such as San Francisco , for instance , where the local paper has struggled in the new media environment .
But the danger is that redefining it as a general - interest paper — an upscale , edgier USA Today — risks alienating its exceptionally affluent core audience and surrendering its advantage as a business paper .
The paper ’s evolving politics do n’t seem designed to attract the Times ’ well - to - do center - left readership , either .
Under Thomson and his deputy , Gerry Baker , a British neoconservative and former columnist for the Times of London , the Journal shed its midwestern roots ( both its legendary editor Barney Kilgore and its former star James B. Stewart are DePauw University alums ) .
Now reporters check the FT and Times of London websites each morning .
Thomson believes that his reporters should be “ feisty , not lapdogs with laptops or meek members of a political movement . ”
With this shift came a new political viewpoint : not conservative , necessarily , but oppositional to the prevailing media Establishment led , in Thomson and Baker ’s view , by the liberalism of the Times and the Washington Post .
Editors insist that reporters identify sources ’ political affiliations .
Baker was charged to oversee the Journal ’s political coverage , an assignment that raised eyebrows .
As a columnist , he had championed Sarah Palin , labeling Obama a “ greasy - pole climber ” while writing that Palin ’s “ experience … enables her to understand the concerns of most Americans . ”
Baker ’s views appalled many at the Journal .
During a tense meeting with the paper ’s Washington staff in November 2008 , one reporter told Baker that the Journal ’s news pages were supposed to be a political counterweight to the paper ’s rabid right - wing editorials .
Baker began telling people that he saw his role as policing the Journal ’s coverage .
“ Our emphasis is on straight reporting , ” Thomson says .
“ If that happens to be seen as not progressive enough , then indeed it is unconventional wisdom . ”
On the seventh floor of News Corp . ’s midtown headquarters , largely in secret , Murdoch began building what he sees as the ultimate Times - killer .
Next month , if all goes according to plan , the Journal will launch an eight - to - sixteen - page metropolitan section that will directly challenge the paper of record on its home turf .
“ New York will be the next phase of the transformation , ” Thomson tells me .
The Journal has signed on Bloomingdale ’s and Bergdorf Goodman as new advertisers and is said to be spending $ 15 million on the venture , dubbed “ Project Amsterdam . ”
At a time when a national audience is the one coveted by most advertisers — and when local news is less profitable than ever — it seems a quixotic business proposition , at best .
But this assault has very little to do with business .
“ He ’ll be completely irrational about spending , ” a person close to the company says .
“ It ’s a spear - thrust right at the Times , intended to embarrass and bleed the Times , ” a senior Journal editor explained .
If anyone doubted the New York section ’s centrality to the Journal ’s mission , Thomson seated the metro desk right near his office at the front of the newsroom .
“ The idea of the New York Times as a burning , sinking ship is something they fantasize about at night , ” says the senior Journal editor .
Photo : James Patrick Cooper / Retna
The New York section is run by John Seeley , who , as managing editor of the New York Sun , had earned the nickname “ Iron Man . ”
Several other new employees are refugees from the defunct conservative daily , which was chiefly a mix of highly competent small - bore metro stories , right - wing opinion , and eclectic cultural criticism .
Murdoch had long been an admirer of the Sun , a succès d’estime among some conservatives that never attracted a significant New York readership or advertising base .
In September 2008 , during its death throes , he even considered buying the paper , hosting a breakfast meeting at News Corp. headquarters with the Sun ’s editor , Seth Lipsky , and investors Bruce Kovner and Tommy Tisch .
But Murdoch had cooled to the idea a few weeks later .
“ The Sun ’s going to close , ” he told Ken Bialkin , a lawyer who was advising the failing paper , according to a person familiar with the talks .
“ Maybe I ’ll hire Lipsky as a columnist .
But I have my hands full here . ”
Instead of buying the Sun , he seems to be building a replica of it , to be inserted into the Journal .
Shortly after the Journal deal closed in December 2007 , Murdoch appeared before shell - shocked staff , standing on a stack of printer paper like a general addressing a vanquished army .
“ The message was clear , ” one reporter in the room remembers .
“ It was : ‘ You ’re a bunch of lazy , self - important , past - their - prime journalists . ’ ” The Journal ’s then–managing editor , Marcus Brauchli , and senior Journal executives stood off to the side .
Four months later , Brauchli was forced out of the job , leaving with a reported $ 6.4 million in severance .
But having humiliated them — and pushed many of them out — Murdoch is assimilating the remaining staffers into his merry band of raiders .
He has a deep , instinctual belief in the power and importance of newspapers and the wherewithal to continue to invest in them ( Dow Jones is a tiny part of his business , amounting to 3 percent of News Corp. ’s total revenue ) .
Murdoch has made the Journal feel like the center of his universe .
He spent $ 80 million to transform four floors of News Corp . ’s office tower into a state - of - the - art newsroom for the Journal .
It is something of a showpiece .
At the center of the cavernous space is a cluster of desks and computers known as “ the Hub , ” a Star Trek–like bridge where top editors pilot the paper ’s 24/7 mission .
Around the room , flat - screen televisions broadcast Fox News and the struggling Fox Business Network ( “ We ’re doing our bit to help Fox Business , ” Thomson joked to his staff ) .
Digital clocks display the time in Singapore , New York , and London .
Coffee machines are stationed throughout the floors , and the annual coffee budget runs $ 100,000 .
The newsroom buzzes with a confidence unusual for these times .
“ I did n’t go into journalism in 1975 to end up working for Rupert Murdoch , ” David Wessel , the Journal ’s well - regarded economics editor , told me , “ but it sure turns out to be nice to have a deep - pocketed owner at this time in the industry . ”
“ Buying the Journal was the worst deal he ever did .
It never made sense . ” — A Former Senior News Corp. Executive
Murdoch ’s strong attachment to the Journal has engendered support in surprising quarters of the journalism Establishment as many have reconsidered their anti-Murdoch views .
“ It ’s a much livelier paper , ” says Daily News owner Mort Zuckerman , Murdoch ’s onetime tabloid antagonist .
( Murdoch and Zuckerman have , for the time being , laid down their swords — Murdoch , a businessman to the core , can make peace as easily as he makes war .
In a move that has many different possible meanings , the New York Post recently cheered on Zuckerman ’s possible Senate run . )
“ Hats off to Murdoch ; he ’s serious about print journalism .
He ’s the last guy standing who believes in it , ” says former Times executive editor Joe Lelyveld .
“ Arthur [ Sulzberger ] is the guy who said a few years ago he did n’t know if the Times will be standing as a print newspaper . ”
When I asked Lelyveld if he thought his former boss Sulzberger believed in the value of the Times ’ print edition , he grew quiet .
“ I do n’t know , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want to answer that question . ”
In October , Rupert and Wendi Murdoch attended a party for Times columnist Nicholas Kristof and his wife , Sheryl WuDunn , at the Times Building to celebrate their book Half the Sky .
Rupert had arrived late and walked into the building alone .
Wendi was already up on the fifteenth floor mingling with Keller , Sulzberger , and other Times luminaries .
Staffers did a double take when Murdoch walked straight past the security desk and the turnstiles mysteriously opened for him , as if he owned the place .
“ He just went right through , ” one bewildered Times staffer told me .
“ There was this feeling he was walking right into the lion ’s den . ”
Earlier this month , I visited the Times to see how it ’s confronting the Murdoch threat .
In December , Times media columnist David Carr published an article alleging that the Journal is veering rightward .
Thomson responded with a statement and attacked the piece as “ more evidence that the New York Times is uncomfortable about the rise of an increasingly successful rival while its own circulation and credibility are in retreat . ”
Photo : Murdo Macleod / Polaris
Times executives believe Murdoch is practicing his well - established tactic of slashing advertising rates to bleed competitors dry , and the Times ’ strategy is to hold the line .
“ We ’re not doing irrational things , ” says Times president and general manager Scott Heekin - Canedy .
( A Journal spokesperson says , “ We have not dropped our rates at all . ” )
The Times does n’t want to let Murdoch frighten it into making a mistake .
Earlier this winter , executive editor Bill Keller put managing editor Jill Abramson in charge of a committee tasked to review the paper ’s New York coverage .
Abramson told me that the paper is satisfied with its metro coverage and is n’t planning any drastic countermoves .
“ I do n’t want to sound like some stodgy Timesman of yore by saying the Times is unmatched and sounding arrogant , but I really believe we are unmatched , ” Abramson told me .
For Abramson , the rivalry with the Journal is personal .
She spent a decade at the Journal ’s Washington bureau before joining the Times .
“ I grew up on the Upper West Side .
The Times subscription was a religion in our home , ” she says .
“ It was disappointing for the ten years when I worked at the Journal .
My parents did n’t subscribe , and my uncle at Lehman Brothers had to call them up to tell them to go down and get the paper whenever I had a story on the front page . ”
Thomson , predictably , is contemptuous of Abramson ’s efforts .
“ They are better than the Chinese Communist Party at committees , ” he tells me .
“ I ’m sure they ’ll always find what they ’re doing at the New York Times is perfect .
As far as I ’m concerned , I ’m glad they ’ve reached the conclusion that what they do now ca n’t be improved . ”
But Abramson has a point .
Whatever one thinks of the Times ’ metro coverage , it ca n’t be denied that their aggressive reporting brought down one governor ( Spitzer ) and , last week , annihilated David Paterson ’s career as well .
More broadly , the Times is religion for a particular brand of reader and advertiser .
While the Journal ’s circulation rose last year , bucking industry trends , Murdoch may not grasp the Times ’ appeal to its core audience , for whom the characteristic Murdochian worldview is a sign they should look elsewhere .
Among the well - to - do , gray stolidity can even be a virtue .
The Times is an ancient enemy of Murdoch’s .
Google is a much newer one .
On the afternoon of February 2 , Murdoch was on the phone with stock analysts and journalists to spin News Corp . ’s second - quarter earnings — a remarkable $ 254 million second - quarter profit , especially impressive considering that the company lost $ 6.4 billion in the same quarter last year .
Many old - media figures are wringing their hands these days , staring at plummeting revenue charts , waiting for the world to end .
Not Murdoch .
He was boastful and wildly animated .
“ Content is not just king , it is the emperor of all things electronic , ” he announced .
He sees the struggle to control the shifting media landscape in deeply personal , even spiritual terms .
“ Without content ” — without him , he seemed to be saying — “ the ever larger and flatter screens , the tablets , e-readers , and the increasingly sophisticated mobile phones would be lifeless . ”
Murdoch has a particular animus against Google .
He believes the search giant is stealing his content while wrapping itself in that familiar cloak , albeit one with New Age–y Silicon Valley stylings : “ Do n’t be evil . ”
Much as he has done in the newspaper wars he ’s fought over the last 60 years , he wants to turn the tables , call Google ’s moral authority into question .
At its core , Murdoch ’s fight is about getting Google to pay to put his content into the search index .
Publicly , Google treats this as a nonstarter .
“ We ’re not going to pay for indexing , ” says Josh Cohen , the head of Google News .
“ It ’s something we just do n’t do . ”
Before Murdoch realized that Google posed a mortal threat to his empire , he used to praise it , recalls one former News Corp. employee .
“ We would be sitting in meetings , and he ’d go on and on about the Google guys , and how they had dry cleaning and massages , and what a great company and culture it was , ” the staffer recalls .
When he bought the Journal , Murdoch thought about making online content free , even though the Journal was one of the few successes in fee - based news sites .
And Murdoch and Wendi are friends with Google founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page , though they are not as close lately , given the heated nature of their conflict .
Last year , Murdoch and his senior executives decided they needed an organized counteroffensive .
As a code name , they chose Project Alesia , named after Julius Caesar ’s victorious siege of the Gallic forces in 52 B.C. Murdoch conceived the fight against Google as a political campaign .
He mapped out distinct phases .
First , Murdoch and Thomson would make a series of provocative speeches to drum up press , using News Corp . ’s media outlets and other interview opportunities to shape the debate .
In February 2009 , during an appearance on Charlie Rose , Thomson said , “ Google devalues everything it touches . ”
In April , Thomson said in an interview , “ Certain websites are best described as parasites or tech tapeworms in the intestines of the Internet . ”
And in December , Murdoch published an op-ed in the Journal declaring that “ there are those who think they have a right to take our news content and use it for their own purposes without contributing a penny to its production …
To be impolite , it ’s theft . ”
The inflammatory rhetoric generated a flurry of press and laid the foundation for the announcement that News Corp. would begin charging for its online content .
Last year , he hired Jonathan Miller , the former CEO of AOL , who , along with Murdoch ’s son James , is leading a team of senior executives to develop an online pay model while negotiating an accord with Google .
The plan , which is still evolving , envisions bundling all of News Corp . ’s newspaper content and partnering with other publishers to deliver it to mobile devices and the coming crop of tablets .
James , according to executives involved in the discussions , believes readers will pay for bundled content like viewers pay for cable television .
“ It ’s very much like a cable thing , ” one News Corp. executive explained .
“ If 5 million people around the world are willing to pay , that changes the economics of the industry . ”
Meanwhile , Miller has also been in talks with Microsoft about possibly pulling all of News Corp . ’s content from Google and signing an exclusive distribution deal with Bing .
And if talks with Google break down , Murdoch is readying a lawsuit against them .
“ He ’s pretty tightly wound up over Google and has been ready to sue them , ” says a senior media executive who recently conferred with Murdoch .
“ He does n’t trust them at all . ”
Murdoch ’s defiance invited speculation that he had lost it .
And continued trouble at his MySpace division furthers this view .
“ Digital is out of his comfort zone , ” a former senior MySpace executive says .
“ It ’s much more the Wild West .
He gets the raw - competition part of it , but he ’s never been in a place where the business model is n’t clear .
The destruction is just happening so fast . ”
“ Hats off to Murdoch .
He ’s serious about print journalism .
He ’s the last guy standing who believes in it . ” — Former Times Editor Joe Lelyveld
After Murdoch concluded his remarks on this month ’s earnings call , the line was opened to journalists ’ questions .
The first came from a writer from the Guardian , the liberal British paper that is a vocal proponent of giving away its content on the web .
“ I wonder what you think of people who think that newspapers are sleepwalking into oblivion if they feel that they can buck an irreversible trend of content becoming free ? ”
“ I think that sounds like b.s. to me , ” Murdoch said .
“ So you think that free - content strategy is not going to work ? ”
The operator called on the next reporter .
This discussion was over .
As Murdoch shores up his barricades and directs his raiding parties , his ambitious adult children wait , often restively , for their chance to lead .
Rupert , intentionally or not , has n’t always made it easy for them .
His daughter Prudence has never played a substantial role in the family business .
In 2000 , Elisabeth , unhappy at BSkyB , the British pay - television service in which Murdoch holds a 35 percent stake , left the company and branched out on her own .
( Her firm , Shine , is a tremendously successful television production house . )
Lachlan walked away from the throne in 2005 , resigning as deputy COO of News Corp. after clashing with Roger Ailes and then–News Corp. president Peter Chernin , feeling that his father would n’t back him up .
That leaves James as heir apparent .
James became aware of the pressures of being a Murdoch from a young age and developed a suspicion of the press .
As a 15 - year - old intern at the Sydney Mirror , one of Murdoch ’s papers , he was photographed dozing on a couch during a press conference .
The rival Sydney Morning Herald trumpeted the photo on its front page the following day .
Born in London and raised in New York , James had a peripatetic childhood .
He attended Horace Mann , an intellectual hothouse filled with children of New York ’s elite , yet he never made much of his family ’s famous name , preferring an outsider , artist persona .
James was into music and wore long black wool trench coats and Chuck Taylors .
He bleached his hair blond .
“ He was that type in the John Hughes movie that was the really cool , aloof guy , ” a schoolmate recalls .
James studied film at Harvard and briefly roomed with Jesse Angelo , who would go on to become managing editor of the New York Post .
But James dropped out shortly before graduating and , along with a pair of Horace Mann classmates , launched Rawkus , a hip - hop label that put out groundbreaking acts like Mos Def and Talib Kweli .
For a moment , it looked like James would pursue a career outside the family empire .
But Rupert lured him back .
In 1996 , he bought Rawkus and installed James to run News Corp . ’s fledgling dot - com ventures .
James became something of an evangelist for the Internet .
He inhabited the image of a new - media intellectual , favoring tailored black suits and thick - framed glasses .
An interviewer for The Industry Standard in a 1999 profile noted that a copy Don DeLillo ’s Underworld and the latest issue of Granta were in plain view in James ’s Chelsea offices .
But when the dot - com bubble burst in 2000 , News Corp. gutted its Internet division .
The leftover furniture was transferred to its book publisher HarperCollins .
The spectacular failure of News Corp. ’s Internet businesses tainted James in the eyes of company executives , who naturally wanted to find fault in Rupert ’s insistence on continuing the Murdoch dynasty .
In May 2000 , James headed to Hong Kong to run Star TV , Murdoch ’s fledgling Asian pay - television service .
Rupert appointed Lachlan to be deputy chief operating officer of News Corp. , a move everyone recognized as evidence of Lachlan ’s unrivaled status .
James expressed resentment that Lachlan had been the anointed one , and he worked to make it clear that he was the smartest of the three children .
At board meetings , James and Lachlan got into arguments over business decisions .
“ There was always banter going on , ” a former senior News Corp. executive recalls .
James , the sharper debater , could be arrogant and profane , peppering his declarations with “ fuck , ” much to his mother Anna ’s dismay .
The brothers had always been fiercely competitive .
Lachlan was the outgoing son , more like Anna .
James , people thought , was much more like Rupert : an introvert .
When Rupert married Wendi Deng only seventeen days after divorcing Anna in 1999 , it was James who played conciliator , shuttling between parents .
Lachlan sided with Anna .
When James arrived at Star , the perception among the senior executives , according to one senior employee , was that he needed to be rehabilitated after the Internet ’s bust .
“ The feeling was James was the mistake maker , ” a former senior Star executive remembers .
“ We felt Daddy needed something for him to do .
He was the poor second son , and this is going to be a nightmare . ”
Whatever lingering resentments remained , James swallowed his ego and worked to learn the television business .
During his early weeks on the job , he went around to meet as many executives as he could and asked detailed questions .
But as much as he reached out to his team , James kept his staff at a distance .
His brother , Lachlan , was known as a gregarious boss .
At the New York Post , where he was publisher , Lachlan was a popular figure in the newsroom .
In Hong Kong , James never warmed to the public side of his job .
“ He ’s cool to the point of cold , ” one former News Corp. executive says .
In 2003 , James left Star and became CEO of BSkyB .
The appointment was controversial — James was only 30 at the time — but James again demonstrated his resolve .
At BSkyB , his business instincts emerged .
Like his father , he could make gut decisions and seemed to relish provocation .
But James ’s smartest maneuverings were directed at his own rise within News Corp .
For the past decade , James has remained on the outer reaches of News Corp . ’s empire , leaving Murdoch ’s power base in New York unchallenged .
He stayed out of the press and reportedly told his PR adviser that he would be successful at his job when people began referring to him as the “ reclusive James Murdoch . ”
“ He saw the risk of hanging out next to his dad in New York , ” a person close to James says .
James astutely avoided Ailes and Peter Chernin , who both maintained significant power centers of their own and were responsible for driving Lachlan from the company .
When Lachlan quit , James absorbed the message .
“ James played it so right , ” a former senior News Corp. executive says .
“ He had left the country , and he established himself . ”
James differs from his father in significant ways .
For starters , he has an M.B.A. - style view of management .
As part of this corporate sensibility , James is attuned to News Corp . ’s image and cares deeply how the company is perceived — it bothers him that it is seen as downscale and predatory .
During the Journal acquisition , James reportedly told his father to pull out of the deal because of all the negative press .
Part of this is James ’s sensitivity .
But as a would - be inheritor to the throne , James needs News Corp. to be respected by Wall Street .
The Murdoch - family trust controls 38 percent of News Corp . ’s voting shares .
For it to remain in control , the company needs to be perceived as a professionally managed concern .
Roger Ailes is another complication for James .
In Europe , where James spends much of his time , Ailes and Fox News are mocked and loathed as the worst form of American jingoism .
James is concerned about climate change , and his wife , Kathryn , a former model and marketing executive , works for the Clinton Foundation .
Politically , James is not liberal — he ’s a committed free - market thinker — but Fox ’s brand of politics is a problem that , in his view , needs to be managed .
James ultimately came to see Rupert ’s purchase of the Journal as an opportunity :
It would be a retirement project for his father .
The paper ’s prestige would help News Corp. , and Rupert ’s devotion to it would allow James to gain a more central role at News Corp .
Indeed , a week before the Journal deal closed , James was promoted to run all of News Corp . ’s businesses outside the United States .
“ When they were doing the Journal deal , the children looked at it , especially James looked at it , as a way to deflect Murdoch ’s attention , ” says Michael Wolff , who wrote a book , The Man Who Owns the News , about Murdoch .
The book , based on hours of interviews with Murdoch and many of his lieutenants , itself became a flashpoint within News Corp .
Over nearly a decade , Gary Ginsberg , a member of News Corp . ’s inner circle and Murdoch ’s communications adviser , had worked tirelessly to soften and massage Murdoch ’s image and had done a remarkable job of making News Corp. , if not exactly admired , then palatable to a certain swath of Manhattan and Wall Street .
In October 2007 , Ginsberg , a former lawyer for the Clinton White House , was promoted to run global marketing for News Corp .
Ginsberg , along with Matthew Freud , was involved in dealing with Wolff on the book .
( Murdoch did n’t need convincing to grant Wolff access .
He had been impressed by a Vanity Fair column Wolff did about his purchase of the Journal and had passed it around to News Corp. board members . )
But ultimately , much of what Wolff wrote infuriated many camps inside News Corp .
When Ailes read Vanity Fair ’s excerpt of the book , which recounted how embarrassed Murdoch was by Ailes and Bill O’Reilly — a view Wolff says came from interviews with Rupert — Ailes became enraged .
“ Is this true ? ” he demanded in a September 2008 meeting .
“ No , it ’s not true , ” Murdoch replied , assuring Ailes he was happy with Fox News and signing him to a new five - year contract .
James was unhappy about the book .
Even before Rupert agreed to do it , James felt Wolff was the wrong writer to do the book and did n’t bother to read much of it when it was published .
He believed News Corp. needed to be understood as a global company , and yet despite all the access Wolff had been granted , News Corp. was reduced to a circus of clashing egos .
James began to blame Ginsberg for mishandling Wolff ’s book .
But in some ways , this was only a pretext — an opportunity for James to gain more control over News Corp . ’s corporate structure .
Chernin ’s announced departure in February 2009 created a leadership vacuum at the top of the company , and James quickly moved to fill it .
“ What James figured out is , whoever controls the press and investor relations controls James ’s image , ” one person close to Ginsberg says .
“ James knew Gary ’s allegiances . ”
Last year , soon after the Wolff book was published , James told Rupert that he wanted Ginsberg out .
Rupert resisted his son ’s effort to manage personnel .
But when Ginsberg got word from his friend Freud that his job was in doubt , he offered Rupert his resignation , despite having just signed a new five - year contract .
Rupert did n’t resist and paid Ginsberg millions to go .
Perhaps emboldened , James then tried to move one of his key players from London into the company ’s inner circle .
He had already gotten his human - resources director moved to New York in 2007 , and now James wanted his own London - based PR adviser , Matthew Anderson , to head up marketing and investor relations from New York .
( In a phone conversation , Anderson says he never sought a role in New York . )
This was a step Rupert would not tolerate .
He rejected James ’s move out of hand .
James ’s rapid ascent comes with major risks .
His father is by no means ready for the pasture , however obsessive and retrograde his enthusiasms , and members of Rupert ’s inner circle wonder if he recognizes James ’s power grabs .
“ James will need to be careful , ” a former executive says .
“ As he moves into the orbit of the Sun King , the more chance you have of getting burned .
The challenge is not to outshine Dad .
James can’t ever put Rupert into a position where he ’ll be forced to stop something or do something he does n’t want to do . ”
News Corp. executives were surprised when , in January , Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , News Corp . ’s second - largest shareholder , endorsed James to be Rupert ’s successor .
But as much as James wants the succession question closed , it must be frustrating for the would - be heir that Rupert keeps his options open .
Earlier this month , Rupert took Lachlan on a sailing trip in the South Pacific along with Ailes .
It was Ailes and Lachlan ’s first reunion since they clashed five years ago — a surprising move that reignited speculation that Rupert is trying to repair relations and bring Lachlan back into the empire .
Elisabeth , too , is hovering in the background .
“ I think all three of them will be in the company , ” says a former executive who is close to the family .
“ Someone once said to me , ‘ If you add Lachlan , James , and Elisabeth up , you get Murdoch . ’ ”
“ The challenge for James is not to outshine Dad . ”
Some who have worked with Murdoch sense a perilous moment for the empire , a sadness even about what might become of his dynasty .
Andy Steginsky , an informal adviser who helped Murdoch on the Journal deal , told me Murdoch was upset that , in the end , the Bancroft family unraveled .
“ Early , when it appeared the only way [ the Journal ] would be bought was a big family feud , he said , ‘ I do n’t want to cause a family feud , ’ ” Steginsky remembers .
“ How could you feel good about it ?
It was n’t the route he hoped the family would take . ”
“ Those of us who care for Rupert , and I do very much , hope we do n’t get the fifth act of King Lear , ” says David Yelland , former editor of Murdoch ’s London tabloid the Sun , now a partner with the Brunswick Group .
“ You wo n’t find anyone to say anything critical about James Murdoch on or off the record .
But the moment Rupert goes , that changes .
Once he does pass , it will be very difficult to keep the company together .
I almost wonder if he senses that and , toward the end of his life , we ’ll suddenly wake up one morning and we ’ll see an announcement he ’s taking it private , or merge it with Google , or Microsoft , or [ Liberty Media ’s chairman ] John Malone . ”
For the Journal , the worry is that no future owner will have Murdoch ’s bond with print .
“ We ’re all hoping Rupert lives for a long time , ” one reporter told me , “ at least long enough for us to figure out a game plan .
Everybody just assumes James or whoever would succeed him would not have the love for this property that he does . ”
A couple of weeks ago , I spoke with Murdoch ’s mother , the remarkable Dame Elisabeth Murdoch .
When I reached her by phone , it was the day after her 101st birthday .
Rupert had flown in to celebrate with her .
She is still sharp and spends her time at Cruden Farm , the seat of the Murdoch dynasty , outside Melbourne .
Rupert , she says , has “ been a very good son … I ’m full of energy , and so is Rupert ! ”
I ask her if he ’s changed over all these years .
“ He has n’t changed , ” she says .
“ I think he ’s happy .
It ’s hard to say .
I think he ’s thinking he ’s doing a good job , and he ’s a family man . ”
Rupert and Dame Elisabeth have had their differences .
His divorce from Anna was a particularly difficult experience .
“ I hardly know [ Wendi ] at all , ” she says .
“ I ’m very fond of Anna .
I was very upset when they split .
But there we are , it ’s history now . ”
I ask about the future and her grandkids ’ role in the company .
“ They ’re all capable , ” she says .
“ It ’s really hard to say [ who will run the company ] .
James is very different from Lachlan .
Lachlan is very solid , and James is more volatile . ”
As for Wendi and Rupert ’s young children , Chloe and Grace , Dame Elisabeth is adamant that they not be placed in the line of succession .
“ I hope it never happens , ” she says .
Dame Elisabeth explained she does n’t really have much more to say about succession ; it ’s a topic that does n’t come up .
“ I do n’t discuss it with him .
I ’m sure he ’ll never retire , ” she tells me .
“ I do n’t intend to retire either , and I ’m 101 . ”
[ Jocelyn Ireson - Paine 's Home Page | Publications ]
Make Category Theory Intuitive !
1. Introduction
As I suggested in Chapter 1 , the large , highly evolved sensory and motor portions of the brain seem to be the hidden powerhouse behind human thought .
By virtue of the great efficiency of these billion - year - old structures , they may embody one million times the effective computational power of the conscious part of our minds .
While novice performance can be achieved using conscious thought alone , master - level expertise draws on the enormous hidden resources of these old and specialized areas .
Sometimes some of that power can be harnessed by finding and developing a useful mapping between the problem and a sensory intuition .
Although some individuals , through lucky combinations of inheritance and opportunity have developed expert intuitions in certain fields , most of us are amateurs at most things .
What we need to improve our performance is explicit external metaphors that can tap our instinctive skills in a direct and repeatable way .
Graphs , rules of thumb , physical models illustrating relationships , and other devices are widely and effectively used to enhance comprehension and retention .
More recently , interactive pictorial computer interfaces such as those used in the Macintosh have greatly accelerated learning in novices and eased machine use for the experienced .
The full sensory involvement possible with magic glasses may enable us to go much further in this direction .
Finding the best metaphors will be the work of a generation : for now , we can amuse ourselves by guessing .
Hans Moravec , in Mind Children [ Moravec 1988 ] .
This is an essay on why I believe category theory is important to computer science , and should therefore be promoted ; and on how we might do so .
While writing this , I discovered the passage I 've quoted above .
My ideas are closely related , and since there 's nothing more pleasing than being supported by such an authority , that 's why I 've quoted it here .
Category theory has been around since the 1940s , and was invented to unify different treatments of homology theory , a branch of algebraic topology [ Marquis 2004 ; Natural transformation ] .
It 's from there that many examples used in teaching category theory to mathematicians come .
Which is a shame , because algebraic topology is advanced : probably post - grad level .
Examples based on it are not much use below that level , and not much use to non-mathematicians .
The same applies to a lot of the other maths to which category theory has been applied .
2 . Why does this matter ?
It matters because category theory is a great source of unifying concepts and organising principles , as Joseph Goguen points out in his " Categorical Manifesto " [ Goguen 1991 ] .
If these could be taught in the right way , they could help many researchers unify existing concepts and formalise existing ones .
More : we should encourage researchers to do so .
3. Examples of category theory 's worth
I shall give four main examples .
3.1 . A general theory of objects and systems : used for … spreadsheets ?
This example is from my own work .
In the 1960s , Joseph Goguen produced a formalisation of what it means for something to be an object , and what it means to build a system out of interacting objects .
This is described in his paper " Sheaf Semantics for Concurrent Interacting Objects " [ Goguen 1992 ] .
Using a categorical construction called " limit " , Goguen showed that the behaviour of a collection of interacting objects is the " limit " , in a precisely definable sense , of the behaviours of the individual objects and their interactions .
By " object " , he did n't mean object in the sense of object - oriented programming , but in its everyday sense : an economic object , an electronic object , a social object , and so on .
This was an extremely general result , which he saw as an important contribution to General Systems Theory .
In essence , he 'd explained what happens when you put together parts to make a system .
I discovered this work by accident ( I was visiting a friend doing a D. Phil. with Goguen , and found the paper on his desk ) , and realised I could apply it to spreadsheets .
As a result , I now have what is probably the world 's first software for building spreadsheets from modules that can be independently coded , debugged and documented , then put together to form a complete spreadsheet : see " Excelsior : bringing the benefits of modularisation to Excel " [ Ireson - Paine 2005 ] .
Moreover , I also have what would seem to be the first method for delivering spreadsheet modules over the Web so that Excel users can " glue " them into their own spreadsheets : see " Less Excel , More Components : presentation to EuSpRIG 2008 " [ Ireson - Paine 2008 ] .
By conferring the benefits of prefabrication and modularity , this will surely cut spreadsheet programming costs and reduce errors .
Goguen 's work also , I discovered by reading " The semantics of Clear , a specification language " [ Burstall and Goguen 1980 ] , inspired the research on modular specification languages , which led to the OBJ family of languages [ Goguen 2005 ] , and eventually to Casl , the Common Algebraic Specification Language [ Casl ] .
3.2 . Another general systems theory : a Rosetta Stone for physics , topology , logic and computation
Recently , John Baez and Mike Stay published a paper entitled " Physics , Topology , Logic and Computation : A Rosetta Stone " [ Baez and Stay 2008 ] .
This is a quite different approach to a general theory of systems .
The original Rosetta Stone contained three versions of a single passage , one in hieroglyphs , and provided an invaluable key to deciphering hieroglyphs .
Now , say Baez and Stay , computer scientists , mathematicians , and physicists badly need another key :
By now there is an extensive network of interlocking analogies between physics , topology , logic and computer science .
They suggest that research in the area of common overlap is actually trying to build a new science : a general science of systems and processes .
Building this science will be very difficult .
There are good reasons for this , but also bad ones .
One bad reason is that different fields use different terminology and notation .
It 's this key that their paper provides , by giving a formalism into which key concepts from physics , topology , logic and computation can all be translated .
Near the end of the paper , they draw a simple diagram of overlapping strings .
This , they explain , can be interpreted as a computation , or as a mathematical entity called a " tangle " , or as a quantum process .
Which is thrilling , because a " tangle " can be implemented as a quantum process by regarding it as a recipe for moving around " anyons " .
These are particle - like excitations that can be created in two - dimensional systems such as superconducting thin films in intense magnetic fields .
This should give us a very direct method for implementing computations as quantum processes .
3.3 . A general schema for combining specifications
In " Categorical Manifesto " , Goguen asserts several " dogmas " , each of which suggests a use for a particular categorical construction .
The dogma for the section on " Colimits " reads :
Given a species of structure , say widgets , then the result of interconnecting a system of widgets to form a super - widget corresponds to taking the colimit of the diagram of widgets in which the morphisms show how they are interconnected .
Roughly speaking , what this means is that category theory prescribes a way in which one can depict each widget as a dot , and the relations that describe how they interconnect as arrows .
The resulting diagram has a precise interpretation , and by applying the categorical operation called " colimit " to it , one can derive a description of the " super - widget " thus formed .
Many computer scientists have used this idea to give a precise semantics to specification languages : to describe exactly how combining specifications of parts of a system results in a specification of the entire system .
This is what I referred to at the end of Section 3.1 .
3.4 . Colimits are so general , they can even combine neural nets
However , most ( all ? ) specification languages are based on logic , and the colimit dogma goes well beyond that .
For example , in " Category Theory and Higher Dimensional Algebra : potential descriptive tools in neuroscience " [ Brown and Porter 2008 ] , Ronald Brown and Timothy Porter suggest that colimits may be useful in explaining brain activity , by giving modellers a unified way — using colimits — to " put together " the component neurons and neural structures into a choerent whole .
This deserves to be much better known in the biological sciences .
And in " Category Theory Applied to Neural Modeling and Graphical Representations " [ Healy 2000 ] , Michael Healy shows how to build compound neural nets from simpler components using colimits .
( He also shows how to combine several neural representations of the same concept into one by using " natural transformations " . )
Such a principled approach is , I believe , almost unknown in neural network research .
However , Healy 's neural nets are unlike most neural nets studied in the field , because they are " localist " , using one node per concept .
It would be very good to see similar work attempted on other kinds of net .
4 . Some proposals for applying category theory to unify disparate topics
I would like researchers to know category theory can provide unifying concepts like and that it 's worth trying to use them and extend their scope .
In the spirit of this quote from science - fiction writer ( and mathematician ) Greg Egan 's recent novel " Incandescence " [ Egan 2008 ] :
' Interesting Truths ' referred to a kind of theorem which captured subtle unifying insights between broad classes of mathematical structures .
In between strict isomorphism — where the same structure recurred exactly in different guises — and the loosest of poetic analogies , Interesting Truths gathered together a panoply of apparently disparate systems by showing them all to be reflections of each other , albeit in a suitably warped mirror .
Knowing , for example , that multiplying two positive integers was really the same as adding their logarithms revealed an exact correspondence between two algebraic systems that was useful , but not very deep .
Seing how a more sophisticated version of the same could be established for a vast array of more complex systems — from rotations in space to the symmetries of subatomic particles — unified great tracts of physics and mathematics , without collapsing them all into mere copies of a single example .
So here are some suggestions for research areas that I think worth attacking .
4.1 . Hofstadter 's Copycat program , and the blending of conceptual spaces
I 've long been impressed by Douglas Hofstadter 's Copycat program for solving letter - analogy problems .
But Hofstadter never gives a concise " denotational " account of its semantics ; he always justifies this in terms of how the program operates .
And this is complicated , being built the idea of enzyme - like agents that dock onto parts of concepts , swimming around in a kind of protoplasm of concepts .
I believe this , and related programs such as Robert French 's Tabletop , could be given a decent semantics using Goguen 's categorical approach to conceptual blending described in " Mathematical Models of Cognitive Space and Time Joseph Goguen " [ Goguen n.d. ] .
4.2 . Logical unification , and holographic reduced representations
" Unification " is a kind of pattern - matching used by computer scientists in automating logical inference .
( It has no connection with the phrase " unifying concepts " that I used above . )
In essence , it 's gap - filling .
You 've got a pattern with gaps in it , and you try to match it against some data in a way that fills the gaps as well as possible .
Some computer scientists , Goguen included , have worked out categorical formulations of this : see " A categorical unification algorithm " [ Rydeheard and Burstall 1986 ] ; Computational Category Theory [ Rydeheard and Burstall 1988 ] ; and " What is Unification ?
A Categorical View of Substitution , Equation and Solution " [ Goguen 1991 ] .
Many miles from that work , other researchers have invented some nifty implementations of analogical reasoning , collectively known as " Holographic Reduced Representations " .
These use operations on high - dimensional vectors : see for example " Dual Role of Analogy in the Design of a Cognitive Computer " [ Kanerva 1988 ] .
Such operatioms appear very different mathematically from logical inference .
But at a deeper level , they may be closely related , in that they are also doing a kind of unification .
Perhaps applying the categorical formulation mentioned in the last but one paragraph would show whether or not there is a connection , and if so , what .
It is interesting to note that in Categorical Unification [ Galán 2004 ] , María Ángeles Galán García extends the categorical treatment of unification to describe fuzzy matching of terms .
4.3 . Machine learning
Category theory has an operation called " adjunction " , a key part of the subject .
I have suggested that generalisation in machine learning can be viewed as an adjunction , and that this might apply to fields as disparate as neural nets , curve - fitting , and logical induction : see " Generalisation is an adjunction " [ Ireson - Paine 2000 ] .
The essence of this is that when creating a concept to describe several examples , you want to be able to infer each example back from this concept , while inferring as little else as possible .
In other words , the concept should contain as much of the examples as possible , but as little of anything else .
However , the language you have to describe the concept might not be adequate to describe it precisely .
So in that case , it has to " do the best it can " , getting as close to the concept as possible .
This idea of doing the best you can but as little else as possible , is what adjunctions do .
I also suspect that the mathematical device called a " sheaf " could unify much of machine learning .
Sheaves originated in topology , and are used to weld " local " representations of small parts of topological spaces into a " global " representation of the entire space .
( They have other uses too . )
I 'll justify this by a historical argument !
Sheaves replace an older way of representing the local - to - global transition , known as " charts and atlases " .
This name comes from where it sounds as though it comes : the idea that an atlas represents the entire world , as a collection of overlapping charts , each showing part of the world .
5. Kinaesthetics , metaphor design , stories
I suspect that because of the way category theory is usually taught , some who do know it get lost in the formalisms — the syntax — and have n't developed the " intuitive " mental representations that would enable them to apply it more easily .
Perhaps , however , by crafting appropriate visual and verbal metaphors , we could teach it in a way that hooks into the brain 's existing visual and kinaesthetic knowledge , thus making it easier to use .
This is why I quoted Moravec in my Introduction .
In the following sections , I say more about this and other suggestions .
[ Crafting metaphors .
Metaphors to engage with previous knowledge ( possibly everyday knowledge such as that of pipes and machines . )
Metaphors to run efficiently on the brain 's visual and kinaesthetic " virtual machine " , using our primitive abilities to walk , hunt , explore , etc .
Casting knowledge into stories — see " Tell Us a Story " in " How to Teach Stuff " [ Baez 2006 ] .
Whether the metaphors are " primitive " ones such as exploring paths , or not , using notions of quality of mapping ( semiotic morphisms ) to ensure that the metaphor is as faithful as possible . ]
5.1 By crafting suitable representations to run on the brain 's visual and kinaesthetic " virtual machine "
My justification for this proposal is largely anecdotal .
For example : the mathematician Paul Erdos claimed that flapping his hands as he walked helped him think ; I recall an Oxford topology lecturer who would talk about " upstairs " for the codomain of functions and " downstairs " for their domains , or " upstairs " for topological spaces and " downstairs " for their open sets ; a group - theorist friend of mine working in Essen said that the " earthy " German words for group operations helped him think by giving him a gut feel that he was " putting " and " turning " one group inside another .
He gave as an example the German word " Darstellung " , which means ( I think ) " representation " ( technical term for a way of characterising groups ) , but which literally means " there - putting " .
In support , I note that others are trying the same with other areas of mathematics : see for example " Teaching To See Like a Mathematician " [ Whitely 2002 ] .
To quote :
The van Hiele model of learning geometry presents visuals as the basic , essential experience that all students must move through .
Along with the kinesthetic , it is the layer which students must have access to in order not to become lost .
The standard version is that students ( and mathematicians ) move beyond this to higher , non-visual levels of reasoning .
What actually happens in my experience ( see also de Villiers ) is that the visual just ceases to be noticed since it is not recorded expressed in words .
It is , in fact fully capable of sustaining the practice of mathematics at the highest levels .
The visual is an important route for ' mathematical intuition ' — pointing to something we currently do not teach .
5.1.1 . Grab and pull
Mathematicians describe categories in terms of objects and arrows .
The objects , usually depicted as dots , represent mathematical entities , or perhaps computational objects such as Java classes , or perhaps " real - world " entities .
The arrows , usually depicted as arrows , represent transformations or relations between objects .
Now , " well - behaved " categories contain an " initial object " .
This has one , and only one , arrow leading to every object .
Here 's a possible verbal metaphor to describe the fact that an arrow leads from it to every object :
Imagine the objects to be made of Plasticine , with the arrows sticking into them .
Pull the initial object .
Then all the other objects will move with it .
By involving our primitive notions of grabbing and pulling , this seems to make more impact , at least to me , than the bald statement that an arrow leads from the initial object to every object .
5.1.2 . Stand and look
Along different lines , I want to invite the student to think of " standpoints " rather than " objects " .
Instead of viewing a category from above , depicted as a collection of dots joined with arrows , imagine that the dots depicting objects have been inflated to discs the size of Bonn Square , and that you are standing on one .
Some categorists argue that the only important thing about an object is the relations it takes part in , and that these are what define it .
Imagining oneself standing on an object , one 's view dominated by the arrows entering and leaving it , might encourage such a relativistic attitude .
See for example this quote by David Corfield [ Corfield 2003 ] , which I have taken from John Baez 's " Quantum Quandaries : A Category - Theoretic Perspective " [ Baez 2004 ] :
Category theory allows you to work on structures without the need first to pulverise them into set theoretic dust .
To give an example from the field of architecture , when studying Notre Dame cathedral in Paris , you try to understand how the building relates to other cathedrals of the day , and then to earlier and later cathedrals , and other kinds of ecclesiastical building .
What you do n't do is begin by imagining it reduced to a pile of mineral fragments .
5.1.3 . Walk and explore
The above seems closely related to one of the objectives of Modelling4 All , a project to design software by which non-programmers can collaboratively build and analyse computer models .
To quote from the project 's " Welcome to Modelling4 All project wiki " page , [ Modelling4All ] :
The third objective is to provide a means of experiencing the execution of a model as an individual or observer inside the model .
We want model makers and users to have an alternative to the " god 's eye " view of a model .
Being inside a model , perhaps having a game - like goal of influencing the way it unfolds , can be a powerful way of understanding .
Running a model inside a shared virtual space , such as Second Life , provides the opportunity for social learning and understanding .
It can also be a strong motivation to build models .
5.1.4 .
Flow and transform : pipes with machines in
Here , I shall just mention Toby Bartels 's " Quantum Gravity Seminar " [ Bartels 2000 ] , and his depiction of arrows in a category as " pipes with machines in " .
5.1.5 . Graspable entities
One thing I want to do here is to make students think of the parts of a category as " graspable " .
In many categories , an arrow represents a function .
Now , functions can be applied to things : they " do something " .
So let 's depict the arrow as something you can zoom in on , pick up , and click on to apply : as a thing that is graspable and manipulable , but that also " does things " .
I suspect this may be useful when teaching about categorical concepts such as " functors " and " natural transformations " .
To a category theorist , these are functions , but functions with a complex and subtle internal structure .
My hunch is that making them seem like objects that can be picked up and handled as a whole may help prevent students getting lost in details of their internal structure .
I 'm not sure why I believe this ; perrhaps ( in my mind , at least ) the action of picking up and grasping the mouse becomes associated with the idea of picking up and grasping whatever the mouse is pointing to on screen .
This makes the latter seem more real , more " object - like " .
This is related , I think , to Rydeheard and Burstall 's approach in Computational Category Theory [ Rydeheard and Burstall 1988 ] .
This makes the categorical constructions it describes " concrete " , by implementing them as functions .
The fact that these functions run and " produce something " somehow helps make them real to us .
Perhaps so does the fact that they are implemented in data structures .
Good programmers rapidly develop a " feel " for data structures as things " out there in the world " , like real - world objects .
So perhaps embodying mathematical entities as data structures would in turn transfer this feeling of reality to them .
5.2 . Automating subconscious ability to change representation
Category theory is a hugely recursive and self - referential subject , in which an entity can be represented in many different ways .
It is easy to get confused when changing representation .
Perhaps by displaying such changes visually , we can help the student progress from a stage where such changes require effortful conscious thought to one where they are largely automatic , requiring little conscious monitoring .
We might say that our goal here is to increase the student 's n-category number , following Dan Freed 's humorous definition that your n-category number is the largest n such that you can think about n-categories for a half hour without getting a splitting headache .
( See " This Week 's Finds in Mathematical Physics ( Week 255 ) " [ Baez 2007 b ] ) .
5.3 . Using kinaesthetic memory to reduce cognitive load
Here , I 'm thinking of such things as the advice given to language learners : when you learn a new word , always say it .
The " muscle memory " thus learnt is an additional source of redundancy , and may help if you forget the word 's sound or spelling .
I 've been learning Chinese , and I find that writing the characters over and over again definitely seems to " bed in " some kind of motion memory which operates even if I forget what a character looks like .
So : can we help mathematicians visualise categories by asking them to imagine objects and arrows laid out in space , and to gesture and point at these ?
Would this store some of the information in kinaesthetic memory , reducing the load on other areas of cognition ?
6 . Other suggestions about teaching
In this section , I 've just got a mixed bag of suggestions on how to improve teaching .
Many were inspired by interesting references .
Most apply to any branch of maths , and indeed any subject .
6.1
By interpreting history
It is important to know the history of a subject .
Why did researchers emphasise particular concepts ?
What tasks did they intend them to perform ?
As I mentioned in my introduction , category theory was invented to unify different treatments of homology theory , a branch of algebraic topology [ Marquis 2004 ; Natural transformation ] .
To quote from the latter reference :
Saunders Mac
Lane , one of the founders of category theory , is said to have remarked , " I did n't invent categories to study functors ; I invented them to study natural transformations . "
Just as the study of groups is not complete without a study of homomorphisms , so the study of categories is not complete without the study of functors .
The reason for Mac Lane 's comment is that the study of functors is itself not complete without the study of natural transformations .
The context of Mac Lane 's remark was the axiomatic theory of homology .
Different ways of constructing homology could be shown to coincide : for example in the case of a simplicial complex the groups defined directly , and those of the singular theory , would be isomorphic .
What cannot easily be expressed without the language of natural transformations is how homology groups are compatible with morphisms between objects , and how two equivalent homology theories not only have the same homology groups , but also the same morphisms between those groups .
Unfortunately , homology theory is probably unknown to all but post - graduate mathematicians .
This makes it very difficult to explain to anyone else the original point of category theory .
To do so , we need to construct examples that have the same structure as those mentioned in the quote , but that are more intelligible to those who do n't know homology theory .
Note : could perhaps use the nice explanation in Section entitled " Eilenberg {Mac Lane ( 1945 ) " in " A Prehistory of n- Categorical Physics " [ Baez and Lauda 2008 ] .
6.2 . By countering the claim of abstract nonsense
Mathematicians sometimes say that category theory is " abstract nonsense " , meaning that it is a formalism that does nothing useful — an overemphasis on abstraction for its own sake .
For an example of this view , see this review , of a book by B. R. Tennison on sheaf theory [ Hoobler 1977 ] .
Can we counter such views ?
How ?
Perhaps by pointing out category theory 's power as a unifying mechanism : for example , this very brief ....
www-groups.dcs.st-and.ac.uk/~history/Biographies/Kelly_Max.html
[ O' Connor and Robertson 2007 ] :
Among the honours he received for his major contributions are election to a fellowship in the Australian Academy of Science and a Centenary Medal " for services to Australian society and science in mathematics " received from the Australian Government in 2001 .
In the interview reported in [ 2 ] , Kelly tried to explain the importance of category theory in a way that non-mathematicians would understand .
He said :- Category theory sheds light on the relations between various aspects of mathematics and in doing so it brings unity and simplicity .
It lights the way for the next lot of advances .
6.3 . By being good explainers
This is a tautology .
But I want to emphasise that this is not easy .
See this " Interview of John Baez and Urs Schreiber " [ Bruce Bartlett , Urs Schreiber and John Baez 2007 ] :
Urs :
But maybe I 'm just not explaining it well .
That 's the problem .
John :
Well , you 're being a bit harsh on yourself .
I 've spent a whole bunch of time trying to figure out how to explain things .
And you know , it takes a lot of work to convey ideas in a way that people can easily pick them up .
If someone wants to learn about something , they can go after it , and find out about it .
But if they 're just sitting there , and you tell them something that they 're not expecting , it will almost always just bounce right back off them , unless you work really hard to get them interested .
Bruce : Okay .
So you 're an expert , in the art of explaining things ?
John : I 'm trying to become an expert in that .
But I do n't do too much of it on the n-Category Café , actually !
When I was at sci.physics .
research
I put a lot of work into making my posts very fun : pretending to be fictional characters , telling stories , and things like that .
That 's because I was trying very hard to get as many people involved as possible .
6.4
By being good teachers
This is even more tautological .
But I definitely want to point the reader at " How to Teach Stuff " [ Baez 2006 ] .
Points I particularly liked : Teaching is Like Acting ; Tell Us a Story .
6.5
By being good lecturers
I also want to point the reader at the advice on lecturing in " Advice for the Young Scientist " [ Baez 2007a ] .
6.6
By being playful
Unless you enjoy playing with the ideas you 're trying to explain , would you come up with nice explanations such as this one of gerbes [ Schreiber 2007 ] ?
No .
You need the attitude expressed in " Re : Gerbes in The Guardian " [ Trimble 2007 ] :
See , John , by making mathematics seem accessible and fun , you 're ruining everything .
The idea is supposed to be that math is ' cool ' , in a way - at least we use a bunch of cool - sounding and mysterious words - but please let 's keep it at arm 's length , because you have to be a genius ( or weirdo ) or something to actually understand it .
It 's hard to find the idea in mass culture that anyone does math because it 's fun .
6.6.1 . Let 's play with jokes and analogies
I hope I can develop teaching aids that will explain how category theory can describe analogies ( including jokes , seen as " twisted " analogies ) and analogical problem solving ; and how it can describe generalisations ( as I noted above ) .
Making the categorical descriptions of these " graspable " , will , I believe , help in teaching .
We can implement them using Rydeheard and Burstall 's approach , and then depict the implementation as a collection of manipulable entities .
Pick up a categorically - represented analogy ; turn it over and over ; rub your hand along the arrows poking out from the objects ; lay parallel arrows side by side , and see how they perform parallel transformations , one on each term in the analogy .
7. Conclusion
Mathematicians acquire metaphors by accident .
Instead , let 's engineer them by design .
I want to see category theory with force - feedback gloves , William Lawvere on an Xbox .
8. References
John Baez and James Dolan 2000 .
" From Finite Sets to Feynman Diagrams " .
Marked as to appear in Mathematics Unlimited - 2001 and Beyond , edited by Björn Engquist and Wilfried Schmid .
arxiv.org/PS_cache/math/pdf/0004/0004133v1.pdf
John Baez 2004 .
" Quantum Quandaries : A Category - Theoretic Perspective " .
Published in Structural Foundations of Quantum Gravity , edited by Steven French , Dean Rickles and Juha Saatsi , Oxford U. Press , 2006 .
The page cited is math.ucr.edu/home/baez/quantum/node5.html
John Baez 2006 .
" How to Teach Stuff " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/teaching.html
John Baez 2007a .
" Advice for the Young Scientist " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/advice.html
John Baez 2007b .
" This Week 's Finds in Mathematical Physics ( Week 255 ) " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/week255.html
John Baez and Aaron Lauda 2008 .
" A prehistory of n- categorical physics " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/history.pdf
John Baez and Mike Stay 2008 .
" Physics , Topology , Logic and Computation : A Rosetta Stone " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/rosetta.pdf
Toby Bartels 2000 .
" Quantum Gravity Seminar Week 1 , Track 1 " .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/qg-fall2000/qg1.1.html
Bruce Bartlett , Urs Schreiber and John Baez 2007 .
" Interview of John Baez and Urs Schreiber " , January 13 , 2007 .
math.ucr.edu/home/baez/interview2.html
Ronald Brown and Timothy Porter 2008 .
" Category Theory and Higher Dimensional Algebra : potential descriptive tools in neuroscience " .
arxiv.org/PS_cache/math/pdf/0306/0306223v1.pdf
Rod Burstall and Joseph Goguen 1980 .
" The semantics of Clear , a specification language " .
In Abstract Software Specifications , edited by D. Bjorner .
LNCS , Volume 86 , Pages 292-332 .
Springer , 1980 .
Pierre Cartier 2001 .
" A Mad Day 's Work : from Grothendieck to Connes and Kontsevich .
The Evolution of Concepts of Space and Symmetry " .
Bulletin ( New Series ) of the American Mathematical Society , Volume 38 , Number 4 . www.msri.org/publications/books/sga/from_grothendieck.pdf
Casl .
Main Web page for information about Casl , the Common Algebraic Specification Language .
www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/cofi/wiki/index.php/CASL
David Corfield 2003 .
Towards a Philosophy of Real Mathematics , Cambridge University Press , 2003 .
Greg Egan 2008 .
Incandescence .
Pulication details , synposis , and related material are at gregegan.customer.netspace.net.au/INCANDESCENCE/Incandescence.html .
María Ángeles Galán García 2004 .
Categorical Unification .
Ph.D. Thesis , Department of Computing Science , Umea University .
www.diva-portal.org/diva/getDocument?urn_nbn_se_umu_diva-245-1__fulltext.pdf
Joseph Goguen 1989 .
" What is Unification ?
A Categorical View of Substitution , Equation and Solution " .
In Resolution of Equations in Algebraic Structures , Volume 1 : Algebraic Techniques , pp. 217-261. Edited by Maurice Nivat and Hassan Aï}t - Kaci , Academic Press , 1989 .
citeseer.ist.psu.edu/166243.html
Joseph Goguen 1991 .
" A Categorical Manifesto " .
Mathematical Structures in Computer Science , Vol. 1 , No. 1 . ( 1991 ) , pp. 49 -67 .
citeseer.ist.psu.edu/goguen91categorical.html
Joseph Goguen 1992 .
" Sheaf Semantics for Concurrent Interacting Objects " .
Mathematical Structures in Computer Science , Vol. 2 , No. 2 . ( 1992 ) , pp. 159-191. citeseer.ist.psu.edu/goguen92sheaf.html
Joseph Goguen and D. Fox Harrell 2003 .
" Information Visualization and Semiotic Morphisms " .
www-cse.ucsd.edu/~goguen/papers/sm/vzln.html
Joseph Goguen 2005 .
" The OBJ Family " .
www.cs.ucsd.edu/~goguen/sys/obj.html
Joseph Goguen n.d. " Mathematical Models of Cognitive Space and Time Joseph Goguen " .
www.cs.ucsd.edu/~goguen/pps/taspm.pdf
Michael Healy 2000 .
" Category Theory Applied to Neural Modeling and Graphical Representations " .
Minor revision of Paper NN0648 in Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural Networks ( IJCNN 2000 ) .
citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.32.2635
Hoobler 1977 .
Book review of Sheaf theory by B.R. Tennison , Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society , Volume 83 , Number 4 , July 1977 .
projecteuclid.org/DPubS/Repository/1.0/Disseminate?handle=euclid.bams/1183538905&view=body&content-type=pdf_1
Pentti Kanerva 1988 .
" Dual Role of Analogy in the Design of a Cognitive Computer " .
In Advances in Analogy Research : Integration of Theory and Data from the Cognitive , Computational , and Neural Sciences .
Workshop .
Sofia , Bulgaria , July 17 - 20 , 1998 .
faculty.cs.tamu.edu/choe/mirror/kanerva.ANALOGY98-kanerva.pdf
Marquis 2004 .
" Brief Historical Sketch " section in article on " Category Theory " , Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
www.seop.leeds.ac.uk/archives/sum2004/entries/category-theory/#Bri
Modelling4All .
" Welcome to Modelling4All project wiki " .
Modelling4
All wiki page .
modelling4all.wikidot.com /
Hans Moravec 1988 .
Mind Children : the Future of Robot and Human Intelligence .
Harvard University Press .
Natural Transformation .
" Natural Transformation " .
Wikipedia page .
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_transformation
J.J.O'Connor and E.F.Robertson 2007 .
Obituary for Gregory Maxwell Kelly , School of Mathematics and Statistics , University of St Andrews .
www-groups.dcs.st-and.ac.uk/~history/Biographies/Kelly_Max.html
Jocelyn Ireson - Paine 2000 .
" Generalisation is an adjunction " .
www.j-paine.org/generalisation.html
Jocelyn Ireson - Paine 2005 .
" Excelsior : bringing the benefits of modularisation to Excel " .
In Proceedings of EuSpRIG 2005 .
www.j-paine.org/eusprig2005.html
Jocelyn Ireson - Paine 2008 .
" Less Excel , More Components : presentation to EuSpRIG 2008 " .
www.j-paine.org/eusprig2008/index.html
Brian Rotman 2005 .
" Gesture in the Head : Mathematics and Mobility " , Mathematics and Narrative conference , Mykonos , July 2005 .
www.thalesandfriends.org/en/papers/pdf/rotman_paper.pdf
David Rydeheard and Rod Burstall 1986 .
" A categorical unification algorithm " .
In Proc. Category Theory and Computer Programming .
Lecture Notes in Computer Science 240 , Springer , pp. 493-505 .
David Rydeheard and Rod Burstall 1988 .
Computational Category Theory .
Prentice - Hall .
www.cs.man.ac.uk/~david/categories/book/book.pdf
Urs Schreiber 2007 .
" Re : Gerbes in The Guardian " , " The n- Category Café " blog post , August 22 , 2007 2:18 pm. golem.ph.utexas.edu/category/2007/08/gerbes_in_the_guardian.html#c011485
Todd Trimble 2007 .
" Re : Gerbes in The Guardian " , " The n- Category Café " blog post , August 22 , 2007 2:40 pm. golem.ph.utexas.edu/category/2007/08/gerbes_in_the_guardian.html#c011487
Walter Whitely 2002 .
" Teaching To See Like a Mathematician " .
www.math.yorku.ca/~whiteley/Teaching_to_see.pdf
British comedy legend John Cleese took a $ 5,400 taxi ride from Oslo to Brussels after becoming stranded in Europe 's volcanic ash travel crisis .
" We checked every option , but there were no boats and no train tickets available , " Cleese told Norwegian TV2 in a telephone interview posted on the network 's website in Norwegian .
" That 's when my fabulous assistant determined the easiest thing would be to take a taxi . "
The bill ?
A whopping 30,000 kroner ( $ 5,400 ) , said Cleese , who was visiting the Norwegian capital to take part in the popular Scandinavian talk show Skavlan .
The taxi carried two extra drivers for the 1,500 - kilometre drive , TV2 reported .
" It will be interesting .
I 'm not in a hurry , " Cleese said , adding that from Brussels he planned to take the Eurostar train to London , where he hoped to arrive by 3:00 pm ( local time ) Saturday .
" I will think about a joke you 've probably already heard : How do you get God to laugh ?
Tell him your plans , " Cleese said .
The comedian , famous for his roles in Fawlty Towers and Monty Python , is not the only one spending heavily on taxis as the volcanic ash from Iceland spreads over Europe .
According to Oslo Taxi , drivers have made numerous trips between Oslo and Stockholm since Thursday and a number of fares have gone even further .
" The longest trip so far was from Oslo to Paris , " Oslo Taxi spokesman Lars Dolva told the NTB news agency .
- AFP
Information
Link to buy
Clip
H
ow to enter
Winners
The first season of Merlin is released on DVD Tuesday , April 20 .
I have two brand new DVD boxsets from Warner Bros to give away .
In a new retelling of the Arthur legend , sets the scene before The Knights of the Round Table and before Arthur is even king .
As if to fit with the changing attitudes of the 21st century , there is easing of distinct barriers of class and race , a change from the normally monochromatic rendition of the lore .
Merlin is now Arthur 's servant and odd look at their stations .
Both are quite young and still unsure about their futures , so there 's plenty of story to tell .
We all know where they are headed , but in uncertainty , the two mesh well in their eventual quest to greatness .
The stories themselves are fairly generic and usually end expectedly .
There 's nothing groundbreaking , instead offering up a solid episode each time with a degree of wry charm and good - natured fun that allows for hours of enjoyable television .
( Only for those in United States / Canada ) 1. Join Twitter 2 . Follow @ TheTVObsessed 3 . Tweet the following message without the quotation marks : " Merlin Season 1 DVD Giveaway | Follow @TheTVObsessed and tweet this message to enter | Details http://goo.gl/fb/rgtLu " 4 .
Hope a random number generator likes you The deadline to enter is April 30 .
You can enter a maximum of 4 times .
If you win , I 'll contact you over Twitter , so you 'll have to actually use it to receive the DVD .
After six years of protracted litigation , women in Maricopa County Jail — you know , the one run by the infamous Sherriff Joe Arpaio — have finally ( hopefully ) secured their constitutional right to obtain an abortion .
The case began in 2004 when a woman , referred to under the pseudonym Jane Doe , was in jail and sought an abortion .
Jail officials denied her request , and told her that she had to go to court and have a judge order the jail to transport her for an abortion .
She tried this route , but the court denied her request .
That 's when the ACLU filed a legal challenge on her behalf , both to ensure that she receive a safe , timely abortion and to strike down Arpaio 's unconstitutional policy .
We won .
Arpaio appealed .
And we won again .
Arpaio appealed again , to the Arizona Supreme Court , which refused to review the decision .
And Arpaio appealed again , this time to the U.S. Supreme Court , which refused to hear the case .
At that point , we thought the constitutional right to obtain an abortion for women in Maricopa County Jail was secure .
But apparently the rule of law does n't mean much to Arpaio , " America 's Toughest Sheriff . "
Shortly after he exhausted all appeals , he blatantly defied the court 's ruling and refused to voluntarily transport another woman in his custody , referred to as Mary Roe , for an abortion .
We intervened and ensured that Ms. Roe was able to obtain her abortion ; we also filed a motion to hold Arpaio in contempt of court .
But Arpaio was n't done playing games with women 's constitutional rights .
In the middle of negotiations on our contempt motion , he decided to impose a new obstacle on women seeking abortion care : in order to be transported , he demanded that women pay $ 300 a day up front in transportation and security costs .
Sarah Poe , another inmate , could not afford to prepay these costs , and would have been forced to have a baby if we did not intervene .
We helped secure her abortion , and we challenged the prepayment policy .
In October last year , we won , again .
Last week we learned that Arpaio is not going to appeal this latest ruling .
We hope that this is the end to a long chapter , and we particularly hope that women in Arpaio 's jail do not have to go through what Ms. Doe , Ms. Roe , and Ms. Poe went through : delay in obtaining care , which may have threatened their health , not to mention the anguish of thinking they may have been forced to remain pregnant and give birth against their will .
As a result of their fight , Arpaio must now transport women in his facility who request an abortion , and he must transport them even if they can't afford to pay the transport costs upfront .
We 've said " hopefully " this is the end because history has shown that Arpaio does n't seem to grasp the mandates of the constitution or abide by court orders .
If Arpaio tries any new tricks , we stand ready to continue the fight .
( Cross-posted to Feministing and RH Reality Check . )
SAO PAULO ( Reuters ) - A court in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to 30 years in prison for ordering the murder in 2005 of U.S. - born nun Dorothy Stang , who lived in the Amazon region and opposed the destruction of the rain forest .
Brazilian rancher Vitalmiro Bastos Moura , nicknamed Bida , sits in a courtroom during his trial for the murder of U.S. - born nun and activist Dorothy Stang , in Belem at the mouth of the Amazon River , May 15 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Paulo Santos
Vitalmiro Moura , 39 , was given the maximum sentence late on Monday after a jury in the Amazon port city of Belem found him guilty of hiring a gunman to kill 73 - year - old Stang , who was opposing him in a land dispute in the rain forest .
Stang , an Ohio native , had for more than 20 years helped peasants threatened by loggers and ranchers and fought against deforestation .
The much - delayed process of convicting her killers became a test of Brazil ’s ability to tackle widespread impunity in the region .
Moura had received the same sentence previously but it was overturned in 2008 , a decision that President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva called a “ stain ” on Brazil ’s image abroad .
A retrial was ordered after it was determined that jurors had ignored evidence pointing to Moura ’s guilt in reaching their verdict .
Stang was shot six times in February 2005 as she held her Bible and was left lying in the mud in the town of Anapu in Para , a frontier state where loggers and ranchers have deforested huge swaths of the world ’s biggest rain forest .
Her murder became a symbol of the often - violent conflicts over natural resources in the vast Amazon region .
‘ FAR FROM THE END ’
The Land Pastoral Commission , which monitors conflicts over land in Brazil , says 365 people were murdered in such disputes between 1999 and 2008 .
Commission spokeswoman Cristiane Passos welcomed the judgment but said the government and justice system need to pay more attention to violent conflicts over land as the problem still claims many lives .
“ It ’s still far from the end of the violence , ” Passos said .
“ There have been many very similar cases ( to Stang ’s ) .
We say these regions , like Para and Amazonas , are lawless , far as they are from the eye of the justice system , ” she said .
“ The practice of death threats still continues , ” she said .
Regivaldo Galvao , another rancher who is accused of acting as Moura ’s accomplice in ordering Stang ’s murder , is due to stand trial starting April 30 .
Gunman Raifran das Neves Sales was sentenced in Belem in December 2005 to 27 years in prison .
Another man , Clodoaldo Carlos Batista , was given a 17 - year sentence for helping him .
A third man , Amair Feijoli da Cunha , was convicted in 2006 for serving as an intermediary between the gunman and local ranchers .
A documentary film about Stang ’s killing , narrated by actor Martin Sheen , has helped keep the case in the public eye .
How and where you 'll use the iPad are of the essence .
***
Breakfast in New York .
Sitting in a booth at Cafe Habana , people are staring as I type emails on the iPad .
For now , it grabs too much attention , for better or worse , with its big swoopy animations and Skittles glow - erific screen .
It 's not as strange as if I were hammering away on a laptop .
But it 's no daily paper , either .
When I start reading the Times and then Jack London 's Call of the Wild , crossing my legs and leaning back , the feeling of unease goes away as it transforms into a newspaper , and then a book .
Advertisement
I ate my eggs , which were starting to get cold .
***
Advertisement
***
Many weekends of mine as a child were spent idling in the American Museum of Natural History .
I visit for the first time in 20 years .
Nothing 's changed , except I got fatter , and my gadgets got thinner .
An iPad turns out to be a good companion for the day , serving as sketchbook , elemental reference guide , dinosaur compendium and tour guide .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A little girl ignores the rare green snake in the cage to watch the YouTube video playing on the iPad , of the very same animal feeding .
She 's fascinated by it and not the real viper .
Using it while walking around the museum is quite strange .
I want to prop my arms up on a rail or sit on a bench .
Because it 's almost impossibly dense , as if made from magic and lead .
And while it 's not at all out of place in the gemstone and meteor rooms , it is a little out of place when I try to hold it with one hand , while standing .
Advertisement
But , sometimes it seems light .
Advertisement
Indifferent to its actual mass , the feeling of it being too heavy seems influenced greatly by how we hold it : .
There 's a screen to smudge , and so I do n't grip it with much more than fingertips as if I am holding a freshly excavated dinosaur bone that would shatter if one of the other museum patrons bumped into me .
Tyrannosaurus Rex looks so cool .
I wonder how stronger animals were made extinct while soft , squishy mammals rose .
Probably , good software and power management .
Advertisement
***
I jump into a cab and consider using my iPad , but only for a second .
Wrong tool .
Instead of using it with the pocket Wi - Fi hotspot we have , I whip out my iPhone for the five - minute ride .
This will never change .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
***
I recall when Apple unveiled the iPad and how the internet decried it for not having Flash .
Some say it will fail for this very fact .
Advertisement
***
I stay up until 4 am the night before the first day it's on sale , searching for iPad specific apps .
I find very few high - quality programs , but I do find some : Words With Friends , an asynchronous scrabble clone .
Wundermaps , for keeping an eye on snowstorms using radar animations .
Netflix streaming , Pandora and the Epicurious cook book .
And after I find these few , I start loving the iPad more .
Advertisement
***
I have to be up in three hours .
But I cannot rest , so I I try to find a video on Netflix streaming to fall asleep to .
I pick the September Issue , about Vogue 's biggest month ever , shortly before the print media collapse .
I lie down and I prop it against a pillow , but slips around a bit .
I finally find the right position , sitting up like , well , I 'm on a couch .
Advertisement
Sometimes , it needs a kickstand .
Sometimes , my arm , or my knees are that kickstand .
***
Advertisement
We are late to Easter dinner at Chris and Alyssa 's place , in the West Village .
Laptops are left at home but iPads are on the loose .
Eating prosciutto and mozzarella and basil with our hands , we go heavy on the napkins to keep the screen from getting even smudgier .
Appetites are sated and then pressed , and Alyssa gives us a lull before the main course to digest , watching the sun go down with a smoke .
Advertisement
Sitting on the couch , we watch movie trailers , and the generous screen is good for a pair , or even three folks at once , although the speaker 's noise comes out lopsided out the right .
Dinner 's lamb and pasta are served .
Afterwards , we eat cookies and play Scrabble on our iPads , juggling five games at once between each other .
I discover that the iPad is , beyond all other things , a computer for people who love lounging , but it does n't have to be one man or woman per pad , either .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
***
Back in my stuffy hotel room , I sit on a couch — the one true place where the iPad feels just right to use .
One article is from The Bold Italic , a San Francisco " web magazine " my surfing buddy Jaimal Yogis writes for .
Every page is lush .
I 've never been able to sit down and read an article on my laptop because it feels too much like long form for a computer .
Long form being the kind of reading I do on a couch , in my bed , on a blanket during a picnic in the park .
Unlike a lappie , it works perfectly , here , now , with no windowed apps to distract me , and no keyboard to incite data production from my fingertips .
Advertisement
***
I check my surf and snow sites and most of them work fine .
Once , I see a video from some no - name site of the big storm that hit Tahoe with 50 inches of snow last week while covering the iPad launch in NY .
It does n't work .
I am too stoned and cozy in my fuzzy blanket to get up and walk to the office .
I bet that video was really good .
Every time this happens , I get a little upset , which eats away at my affection for the iPad .
This happened 3 times today , and will happen many more times before mom and pop websites get rid of Flash .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
The battery lasts long enough to escape worry .
***
It 's time for a work break .
I load up an ebook and go to the office roof deck .
I come back down in a minute , eyes frazzled from overwhelming screen glare .
Imaginary plans for a computing picnic and work days on the beach are summarily and permanently canceled .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
***
News is like coffee to me .
To wake up , every morning I hit snooze twice and on the third beep I kill the alarm and lie in bed checking email .
Monday morning , I did the same on the iPad .
Reading emails was far easier with everything laid out on two columns and with all that extra screen space .
But my threshold for replying to notes was not improved .
The keyboard does not feel natural , and this is not an input machine .
I flagged those emails as things I 'd have to revisit at my laptop , on my iPad with an external keyboard , or maybe even the iPhone , which I 'm so used to that even the smaller layout seems better .
Advertisement
I pack up all three work machines and get out the door .
I could get away with two , leaving the pad at home on the couch , in its natural place .
***
Advertisement
***
I 'm packing for my flight home to SF , and drop some movies onto the iPad .
Loading one takes strategy : I do n't bother transferring much more than my last few new albums , because it is too big to use as an iPod .
So I save space for higher resolution videos that do the big screen justice .
I 'm looking forward to using it in air , because I 'm done alternating between holding my iPhone up to my nose or at arms length while watching flicks .
I do n't think the 16GB is a viable size for movie lovers .
Size counts .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
***
i Pad launch meant long hours , and I am glad to be going home .
In the air , I nap as we ascend .
When I wake up , and log on to Virgin America 's Wi-Fi , I finally have the time to fall in love .
The new flavor of interface puts menus on the left and stuff on the right , so you do n't have to click around much to switch between emails , tweet streams and songs , compared to on an iPhone .
What I do is type this note .
Then I notice , sometimes it thinks it 's still an iPhone , and not a computer .
Work people IM me , and the resulting popups ruin my focus mid word .
To switch to AIM from my notes , I have to hit the home button , swipe to another home screen and open another program ...
" This is not how a computer should behave , " I mumble .
Advertisement
I use the case to prop up the pad tall for movie watching , and flat for typing .
Best of all , I fit the small computer on my tray with a sandwich , and when the passenger in front of me reclines , it does not bash my screen .
I start to get used to touch typing .
Imperfect at a sprint , but serviceable at a light gallop .
Advertisement
I wonder if I should read , play a hand of Scrabble or watch a movie next .
Instead I read the Times , then switch back to Call of the Wild .
Eye strain never comes ; I stare at screens all day for work , I need no soothing other than to dim the brightness .
After turning the animated pages by swipe gets distracting , I tap to flip them .
The experience , from font to page numbers to the mock up of a real book , to the landscape spread or portrait zoom , to the color wood bookshelf , all work for me .
Advertisement
It 's time to land .
With toys like these , flights seem short , and laptops seem like overkill .
***
Wilson let Eleanor play with it .
Kids seem to get it , like they do with many touch interfaces .
Mark showed it to his mother , Leslie .
***
After a few days on the road , I 'm home in California .
I 'm working in an empty house instead of the noisy office in New York .
I keep the iPad next to me to check on the simple things like the weather , surf , snow , play some music , and look at pictures of people I love .
It 's a little bit better than a second monitor on a computer .
Advertisement
***
The iPad is sitting on my couch , there 's nothing much I want to do with it right this moment , and so it sits crammed between some cushions .
It has n't changed my life , or the game , yet .
I still need , at the end of a long day , a meal , a smoke and a hot shower and like my stack of ignored magazines , the iPad sometimes gets ignored , too .
I can tell that until the app library and firmware and even hardware mature , I will have many moments hunting for some use for the iPad .
It 's not tomorrow 's computer , yet .
Advertisement
***
Advertisement
***
" Should I get an iPad ? " asks a friend .
" That depends , " I say , " It does n't do anything you can't do with you phone or laptop , and it 's not really great at work or outside the home . "
Advertisement
" So I should n't ?
Should I get something else ? " she asks .
I interrupt , " But there is nothing else quite like it .
And it does a few things , in a few places , better than anything . "
Advertisement
Continuing , I say , " Tell you what — Before even thinking about buying one , go poke around iTunes , and find some apps you might like .
Figure out where you 'll use this thing in your daily life , and what you 'll do with it .
It 's different for everyone .
And try it .
Then you 'll know . "
***
Finally , Joel summarizes how we all feel about it , after a few days of settling in .
The Appendix ( for those with an appetite for the usual deep dive details and criticisms ) :
Test Notes , Deep Dives
Understanding the iPad's Industrial Design
Understanding the iPad's Software
The Teardown
Screen Quality
Battery Life
Wireless Reception
Speed Tests
i Phone App Upscaling
Typing , Input and Keyboards
Pooptest
Advertisement
Guides , Tips and Apps
How To Set Up Your iPad
10 Essential Tips and Tricks
Transferring iWork and Other Documents
Watching Your Video
Watching Other People 's Videos ( TV and Movies )
What to Read , and How
What to Play
Gizmodo's Essential iPad Apps
Our App Review Marathon , Parts One and Two
Our " iPad Apps " Tagpage — Constantly Updated
Advertisement
Background and Impressions
8 Things That Suck About the iPad ( Written by a man who got over it pretty quickly and preordered a Wi -Fi model . )
i Pad : Everything You Need to Know
First Hands-On
Why the iPad Is the Future of Computing
Advertisement
8 Things That Suck About the iPad A lot of people at Gizmodo are psyched about the iPad .
Not me !
My god , am I underwhelmed by it .
It… Read more
Photos taken by Matt Buchanan using a Canon 1D Mark IV .
Thanks to Chris Mascari for his modeling services .
Special thanks to Canon , and to BorrowLenses.com for supplying some of the cameras used for video footage seen here .
This material is subject to legal complaint by Nazim Gillani .
Nazim Gillani , who partied and discussed government grants with former MP Rahim Jaffer , has talked a lot about being a banker for the Hells Angels in Vancouver .
Gillani boasted of this to people in Toronto who crossed him , and Friday two people affiliated with the organized crime group said they were happy to see Gillani leave British Columbia .
Gillani ran afoul of the biker group for talking too much about what he was doing – he told people he was laundering money .
He left B.C. in 2005 , shortly after he received a severe beating , though not from a member of the Hells Angels .
A man who claimed he was owed $ 150,000 by Gillani spotted the dodgy financier coming out of Smiley O'Neils pub in Vancouver .
The man , who spoke to the Star Friday – he does not want his name used because he was never investigated by police for the beating – confronted Gillani , threw him into a stone fountain , breaking his cheekbone and nose .
Shortly after that , Gillani started carrying a gun , a .22 pistol .
Police on a routine stop discovered the gun and charged Gillani with carrying a weapon .
Gillani left town shortly after and set up shop in a rented $ 1 million house on Kipling Ave. in Etobicoke .
Gillani filled the driveway with cars – Hummers and Mercedes at first , then BMWs and a Porsche – and the house with an odd cast of characters including wannabe financiers , 20 - something business students and a suspended lawyer .
For muscle , he brought in an ex-Argonaut offensive guard .
Following the Star 's publication Thursday of a story linking Rahim Jaffer to Gillani , dozens of people who claim they were burned by Gillani called to vent their anger .
Two groups of businessmen have made complaints to police .
And on Gillani's International Strategic Initiatives website , the list of eight employees dropped to two overnight ( just Gillani and his vice - president , ex- Argo Mike Mihelic ) .
So how did Gillani and Jaffer , a Tory politician , meet in the first place ?
Both men are Ismaili Muslims .
Gillani 's family is one of a group of well - off , financially astute businessmen in Toronto .
Jaffer was introduced to Gillani 's family – it's not known by whom – in 2008 and they struck up a friendship that involved dinners and trips to Club Paradise , a strip club on Bloor St. Whether Jaffer knew of his new friend 's background is unclear .
For the past three weeks the Star has tried to get both men to discuss their relationship , to no avail .
As the Star reported this week , both men discussed Jaffer 's ability to provide businesses with government " green grants " at various business meetings , one with a trio of high - class escorts .
According to one source ( a businessman who lost hundreds of thousands of dollars to Gillani ) , Gillani remarked in October that he was " out with Helena Guergis and Rahim " at a dinner .
This was about three weeks after Jaffer was charged with speeding , drunk driving and cocaine possession .
Whether Guergis knew about Gillani 's background is also unclear .
Kevin Donovan can be reached at 416-312-3503 or kdonovan@thestar.ca
The Large Magellanic Cloud ( pictured ) likely stripped gas from its smaller neighbour , forming a bridge between them ( Image : C. Smith / S. Points / MCELS Team / NOAO / AURA / NSF )
MOST stars are gregarious , grouping together by the billions in galaxies like our Milky Way .
Now evidence is mounting that stars may form in between galaxies .
Vanessa McBride at the University of Southampton in the UK and her colleagues looked at X - rays arriving from the space between two nearby galaxies , the Large and Small Magellanic clouds .
The energy spectrum and periodic fluctuations of the X - rays , recorded by the INTEGRAL satellite , suggest they are coming from young binary …
Every time you put something into an email , please remember that someone you send it to may hit Forward .
If your email makes the case for a biological reason for racial disparities in intelligence , someone might hit Forward and send it to Black Law Student Associations across the nation .
That ’s what happened to a Harvard 3L yesterday .
We ’ll call this 3L CRIMSON DNA .
According to our sources , DNA made some controversial comments about race at a dinner held by the school ’s Federalist Society .
CORRECTION : This dinner was not a Fed Soc dinner . [ FN1 ]
After the dinner , DNA felt the need to send an email to a few friends clarifying those views .
Here ’s an excerpt :
I absolutely do not rule out the possibility that African Americans are , on average , genetically predisposed to be less intelligent .
I could also obviously be convinced that by controlling for the right variables , we would see that they are , in fact , as intelligent as white people under the same circumstances .
The fact is , some things are genetic .
African Americans tend to have darker skin .
Irish people are more likely to have red hair .
One of the 3Ls to receive that email , available in full after the jump , was very upset by it .
We ’ll call this student CRIMSON OUTRAGE .
OUTRAGE arranged for the email to be sent out to the Harvard Black Law Student Association list - serv , including DNA ’s name and the fact that after graduation , the author will be doing a federal clerkship .
CORRECTION :
It now appears that OUTRAGE disseminated the email , several months after the email was originally sent , because she got into a fight with DNA — not because she ( OUTRAGE ) was offended by the email .
After that , the email went viral , apparently circulating to BLSAs across the country .
There are now plans to try to go after DNA ’s clerkship … .
We got the email multiple times last night , from lots of first - time tipsters horrified that a person at Harvard Law School with a federal clerkship offer in hand holds such views .
The person sending out the email to the Harvard BLSA wrote :
I am saddened that a current HLS student holds such antagonistic and archaic views about our people and that the potential impact of her ignorance is only strengthened by her prestigious affiliations and credentials .
Here is the full email from CRIMSON DNA :
… I just hate leaving things where I feel I misstated my position .
I absolutely do not rule out the possibility that African Americans are , on average , genetically predisposed to be less intelligent .
I could also obviously be convinced that by controlling for the right variables , we would see that they are , in fact , as intelligent as white people under the same circumstances .
The fact is , some things are genetic .
African Americans tend to have darker skin .
Irish people are more likely to have red hair .
( Now on to the more controversial : ) Women tend to perform less well in math due at least in part to prenatal levels of testosterone , which also account for variations in mathematics performance within genders .
This suggests to me that some part of intelligence is genetic , just like identical twins raised apart tend to have very similar IQs and just like I think my babies will be geniuses and beautiful individuals whether I raise them or give them to an orphanage in Nigeria .
I do n’t think it is that controversial of an opinion to say I think it is at least possible that African Americans are less intelligent on a genetic level , and I did n’t mean to shy away from that opinion at dinner .
I also do n’t think that there are no cultural differences or that cultural differences are not likely the most important sources of disparate test scores ( statistically , the measurable ones like income do account for some raw differences ) .
I would just like some scientific data to disprove the genetic position , and it is often hard given difficult to quantify cultural aspects .
One example ( courtesy of Randall Kennedy ) is that some people , based on crime statistics , might think African Americans are genetically more likely to be violent , since income and other statistics cannot close the racial gap .
In the slavery era , however , the stereotype was of a docile , childlike , African American , and they were , in fact , responsible for very little violence ( which was why the handful of rebellions seriously shook white people up ) .
Obviously group wide rates of violence could not fluctuate so dramatically in ten generations if the cause was genetic , and so although there are no quantifiable data currently available to “ explain ” away the racial discrepancy in violent crimes , it must be some nongenetic cultural shift .
Of course , there are pro-genetic counterarguments , but if we assume we can control for all variables in the given time periods , the form of the argument is compelling .
In conclusion , I think it is bad science to disagree with a conclusion in your heart , and then try ( unsuccessfully , so far at least ) to find data that will confirm what you want to be true .
Everyone wants someone to take 100 white infants and 100 African American ones and raise them in Disney utopia and prove once and for all that we are all equal on every dimension , or at least the really important ones like intelligence .
I am merely not 100 % convinced that this is the case .
Please do n’t pull a Larry Summers on me ,
CRIMSON DNA
We ’re a legal blog , not a science blog .
But personally , when it comes to intelligence , I ’m in the nurture rather than nature camp .
One tipster who passed it along said , “ It ’s unfortunate that this person appears to be on paper a highly educated individual , yet her viewpoints prove otherwise , and is likely to be put in positions of influence . ”
( Is it so surprising ?
As the Broadway musical Avenue Q hilariously noted , everyone ’s a little bit racist . )
Another tipster said there would be repercussions :
The firestorm that has resulted has been EPIC .
[ A member or members of ]
Harvard ’s BLSA sent the email , along with CRIMSON DNA ’s name and information , to the BLSAs at other Top 14 schools .
The BLSAs are meeting to discuss what should be done about this and judging from the craziness on the listservs and at meetings , this is going to get ugly .
They want to go after her clerkship offer , so this one might make the news .
UPDATE :
The leaders of Harvard BLSA deny that BLSA is trying to have DNA ’s clerkship offer rescinded , and they also emphasize that the email did not go out over an “ official ” BLSA list - serv .
See here .
As troubling as DNA ’s view may be , it ’s troubling that OUTRAGE and the Harvard BLSA identified the person by name in the emails that went out .
One tipster who knows those involved told us :
I think it ’s kind of sad that OUTRAGE ’s personal animus against DNA caused this whole debacle .
I do n’t think it ’s ultimately about what DNA said , it ’s about the fact that OUTRAGE ’s still bitter .
It ’s pretty sad that a short and blunt conversation could have taught DNA about the false notion of biological race , but instead those involved decided to take off on the road of the destructive politics of personal destruction .
As much as HARVARD BLSAer says she ’s worried about DNA ’s power and credibility in the future to exercise her purportedly dangerous views , I think it ’s pretty sad that those involved used that same power and credibility to conduct a character assassination , rather than to expose the troubling views through honest debate .
Right now I think the only thing anyone has learned is not to put anything in e-mail ( which , come to think of it , is probably a useful lesson for lawyers ) .
Indeed .
Instead of just running spell - checks , email programs need controversy - checks .
Gmail should have an application that scans emails for “ race , ” “ sex , ” “ gender , ” and “ birther ” buzzwords , and then ask whether you ’re sure you want to send .
We invite you to continue the conversation in the comments , but we ask that you not out any of those involved .
[ FN1 ]
Regarding whether or not this dinner was a Federalist Society dinner , a Fed Soc representative tells us :
Neither of these two individuals were present at the Harvard Federalist Society Banquet in April .
It is not simply a “ Federalist Society dinner ” if members of the organization are present .
The event has to be coordinated , planned , advertised , and funded by the organization itself .
If you know when the dinner in question took place , please email us .
UPDATE : Will Scharf , president of the Harvard Federalist Society , issued this statement to ATL :
I can categorically and unequivocally deny that the comments in question were uttered at any official Federalist Society dinner .
The only dinner our chapter held this semester was our annual banquet on April 9th , at which the 3L in question was not present .
Moreover , the 3L responsible for the comments and e-mail at issue is not currently nor has ever been an active member of the Harvard Federalist Society .
[ This 3L ] has never been eligible to vote in our elections , has never attended our national convention or student symposium , and has never applied for a board position .
I do not know how our chapter ended up as part of this story , but we , to be blunt , have absolutely nothing to do with this .
Point taken .
Federalist Society members , please stop emailing us .
Thanks .
FURTHER UPDATES :
1 . For statements from Harvard BLSA , see here and here .
2 . For a statement from Dean Martha Minow , see here .
3 . For more backstory on what led to the dissemination of DNA ’s email , see here .
4 . To vote in our reader polls about whether DNA ’s email was ( a ) racist or ( b ) offensive , see here .
5 . The story has evolved significantly since this post .
For a more up - to - date write - up , see here .
TACOMA , Wash .
–
The people of this city are in a state of shock and grief at the death of Jennifer Paulson , 30 , a beloved special education teacher who died from multiple gunshot wounds fired by a deranged stalker as she arrived at the school where she taught , the morning of Friday , Feb. 26 .
A steady stream of mourners came to lay flowers at a makeshift memorial on the lawn of the church across the street from Birney Elementary School where Paulson taught fourth grade .
Standing near the flowers , teddy bears and handwritten notes , Paulson ’s mother , Nancy Heisler , told the Tacoma News Tribune her daughter was an “ angel ” who devoted her life to serving children .
Paulson ’s brother , Mark , said his sister “ had an impact on the community ” and the mountain of heartfelt messages “ show that a lot of people loved her …
She will not be forgotten . ”
Mary Morford , who taught elementary school for 30 years at a public school in nearby Federal Way , told the People ’s World , “ This tragedy has n’t fully sunk in .
We face the death of teachers from natural causes like cancer .
That ’s hard enough .
But to have a young woman in the prime of life , a superb teacher , loved by everyone , shot down , it ’s a terrible crime . ”
The alleged gunman was Jed Waits of Ellensburg , Wash. , who became infatuated with Paulson when they worked together in a college cafeteria years ago .
Against her wishes , he telephoned her repeatedly and sent flowers and cards .
Finally in September 2008 , she obtained a protective court order barring Waits from coming near her home or place of employment .
A week before she was murdered , he was arrested on charges of violating the court order .
He was released next day on $ 10,000 bail .
“ This could have been prevented , ” Morford said .
“ There are too many of these guys let out of prison .
They knew he was dangerous .
Yes , the jails are crowded but that is no reason to release someone so dangerous . ”
Waits was killed in a shootout with sheriff ’s deputies 20 minutes after Paulson died . ”
Questions swirl on how Waits , who had received a “ less than honorable ” discharge from the Washington National Guard in April 2009 after returning from duty in the Persian Gulf , could obtain the handgun used in the murder .
“ It ’s so easy .
Anyone can get a gun these days , ” Morford said .
The right to bear arms “ needs to be monitored , ” she said , to keep firearms out of the hands of criminally insane people .
Paulson ’s death came just days after a gunman opened fire wounding two students outside Deer Creek Middle School in Littleton , Colo. , not far from Columbine High School , scene of the deadly massacre of April 20 , 1999 .
Middle school teacher David Benke heard the shots , raced to the scene and tackled the gunman .
Another teacher , Norm Hanne , helped pin the gunman to the ground , and the assistant principal , Becky Brown , grabbed the rifle – quick thinking that prevented repeat of the Columbine tragedy in which 17 high school students died .
Two Chicago - based organizations , the Freedom States Alliance and States United to Prevent Gun Violence ( SUPGV ) , merged Feb. 23 to fight the reactionary influence of the “ gun lobby ” spearheaded by the National Rifle Association .
In their joint statement , the newly merged groups pointed out that guns kill over 30,000 people year in the U.S. and another 80,000 suffer gunshot wounds .
Sally Slovenski , SUPGV executive director , said , “ Despite the tragic and ongoing epidemic of gun violence in this country , policymakers remain unwilling to take any meaningful action to address this urgent pubic safety issue . ”
Merger of the two anti-gun - violence organizations , she added , will mean more sharing of resources for projects such as a successful tour through Wisconsin by Wisconsin Anti-Violence Effort ( WAVE ) in which 450 shirts were displayed , one for each of the victims of gun violence in Wisconsin last year .
Photo : Tierra Tompkins , 9 , a student at Birney Elementary School , brings flowers to a memorial to slain teacher Jennifer Paulson .
( AP / Ted S. Warren )
Petitioners prowling parking lots and community college campuses tricked dozens of young Orange County voters into registering to vote as Republicans , an Orange County Register investigation has found .
The con occurred at the end of January and the beginning of February at places like Cypress College and Golden West College , and outside of discount stores like Wal - Mart and Food 4 Less .
It appears to be the same kind of voter registration fraud that engulfed Orange County four years ago and landed eight signature gatherers in jail .
Since mid-March , at least 99 written complaints have been submitted to state elections officials by Orange County residents who say they were registered to vote Republican without their consent .
The Register found an additional 74 voters who said they were duped or coerced into registering to vote as a Republican by signature gatherers who initially asked them to sign petitions for causes like legalizing marijuana , fighting cancer or cleaning up beaches .
In all , the Register called 348 registered Republicans in central Orange County and reached 90 of them .
Of those , only 16 said they wanted to be Republicans .
The rest told stories of fast - talking petitioners , some advertising free sunglasses if they signed .
All of the voters identified by the Register are listed as under 28 years old ; many said they knew little about politics or voting .
A few , when told they were listed on the county voter rolls as a Republican , asked , “ What is a Republican ? ”
The voters are all residents of the 34th State Senate District in central Orange County , where the Republican Party has high hopes of ousting incumbent Democrat Lou Correa in the fall .
Unlike the Democrats , the California Republican Party has a controversial policy of paying signature gatherers who sends them new GOP voter registration cards and the Republicans are offering as much as $ 8 for each new GOP registration in that district .
Many believe the $ 8 “ bounty ” gives petitioners an incentive to commit fraud .
In 2006 , The Register found a similar fraud pattern in Orange County that was blamed , in part , on the bounty paid to signature gatherers .
That year 167 voters complained to election officials that they were switched to Republican registration without their permission ;
The Register found another 112 voters who said they were tricked .
Eleven signature gatherers were eventually convicted of falsifying registrations and other charges ; eight went to jail .
The Republican Party is n’t likely to benefit from this scheme because many of the voters contacted by the Register said they do n’t vote Republican .
The only beneficiaries appear to be the signature gatherers themselves .
“ I ’m already anti-Republican and now they have people scamming people just to get money and just to get more voters ? ” said 25 - year - old Bobbi Lee Smart , who says she was tricked into registering to vote as a Republican by a signature gatherer at Cypress College .
“ You guys suck . ”
Four signature gatherers reached by The Register denied any wrongdoing .
But a spokesman for the California Republican Party said it is taking the Register ’s findings seriously and has launched an extensive , internal review to see what happened .
“ The CRP has its most robust voter registration verification program in its history going on right now , ” said Mark Standriff , communications director for the California Republican Party .
“ We are committed to accountability and transparency throughout the process …
Even one ( bad registration ) is not acceptable . ”
Who are the signature gatherers ?
Using the affidavit numbers on each voter registration card , the Register traced the fraudulent registrations to at least 17 different petitioners , many of whom were employed by vendors with ties to the California Republican Party .
Nine of those signature gatherers – Patrick Smith of Irvine , Andrew Ernst of Orange , Riley Youngdahl of San Clemente , Eduardo Roman of Aliso Viejo , Daniel Anthony of Rosemead , Louise Breneiser of Glendora , Ryan Kevane of Anaheim Hills , Eric Houskeeper of Laguna Beach and Helene Stanton – signed for 53 of the fraudulent registration cards identified by the Register , certifying they were present when the voters filled them out .
Three signature gatherers identified by the Register – Stanton , Glenda Bittner and Desia Ritson – worked for JSM , an Orange County - based signature gathering firm .
The Register tried to contact all 17 of the signature gatherers , but most calls were n’t returned .
Some listed apparently inaccurate addresses on registration paperwork ; others had no listed or working phone number .
The four signature gatherers that The Register interviewed said they did not register anyone Republican who did n’t want to be .
“ You did n’t find anything like that from me , ” said Breneiser , who signed five of the cards identified by the voters as fraudulent .
“ They asked to be registered Republican . … I did nothing wrong . ”
Zac Duardo of Los Angeles , who signed three of the cards identified by voters as fraudulent , said it ’s the voters ’ problem if they ’re registered to vote for the wrong party .
“ I can tell you that half the people out there do n’t know the difference between a Republican and a Democrat , ” he said .
“ Everything I do is legit . ”
JSM owner Jenny Breslin said her company “ has never participated in anything dishonest or wrong . ”
She described the signature gatherers as “ independent contractors ” and said , “ They ’re going to do what they ’re going to do . ”
Breslin said only Stanton remains with the company and defended her as honest .
“ Helene would never do such a thing , ” Breslin said .
“ She does n’t do that . ”
Breslin said she did n’t have any way to help the Register contact Stanton or Ritson , both of whom list only JSM ’s office phone as their contact information .
A spokeswoman for the Secretary of State ’s office declined to comment on the Register ’s findings or the complaints already filed .
Dan Jacobson , chairman of the Democratic Foundation of Orange County , called on the GOP to take action to stop the fraud .
“ This fraud is more than just a cynical , unpatriotic attack on democracy .
It appears to be down right criminal , ” said Jacobson , a lawyer .
“ The Republican establishment itself must take ownership of this problem and end the fraud .
Silence from the Republican establishment condones this fraud . ”
Orange County Republican Party Chairman Scott Baugh said : “ I ’m saddened to know this has happened again .
I hope the culprits are caught and put in jail .
This is of no benefit to the Republican Party or democracy . ”
Misleading tactics
The Register spoke with voters who shop at Target , Food 4 Less , Wal - Mart and Albertsons ; voters who attend Cypress College , Golden West College , Orange Coast College , Santa Ana College , Santiago College , Fullerton College , Irvine Valley College , Cal State Fullerton and UC Irvine ; voters who assert their political views and voters who are n’t even sure what a party is .
But nearly everyone interviewed by the Register told a variation of the same bait - and - switch story :
They were rushing to class or heading to their car or on their way to the store when a signature gatherer stopped them and asked if they ’d like to sign a petition .
Harried but wanting to help , they listened to the pitch , liked what they heard and signed – and then watched as the petitioner produced more papers to fill out .
Now suddenly faced with more to sign , they scribbled their information as fast as they could , many failing to notice that they were filling out a voter registration card .
Some voters told the Register they specifically remember marking themselves as something other than a Republican .
Others say the petitioner told them they had to check Republican in order for their signature to count , or because Republicans were sponsoring their signature gathering or for some other vaguely official - sounding reason .
In some cases , voters were told marking Republican did n’t change their actual voter registration .
Others were told they could always change back .
A few even said they did n’t know they were signing official documents of any kind – they said the signature gatherers made off like they were students , collecting signatures for a class project .
“ I remember he said I would not be registered to vote as a Republican .
I would n’t sign it until he said that , ” said Rebecca Hyatt of Westminster , a self - described “ liberal ” who said she signed a petition on the campus of Golden West College .
A few days later , the 19 year old got a letter in the mail saying she was a Republican .
“ What the F ? ” Hyatt said she thought .
“ I do n’t like the whole Republican thing . ”
Twenty - six - year - old Daniel Taai of Santa Ana , who considers himself a Democrat , was unaware he was registered to vote as a Republican .
“ Dang !
I had no idea , ” he said when he was informed by a Register reporter .
“ It ’s like someone hitting you from the back .
It ’s blindsiding , you know ? ”
Taai said he was signing up for classes and buying books at Santa Ana College when a signature gatherer approached him .
“ He just told me it ’s something concerning the school . …
We need to get more money for the school , ” he said .
“ Something like that .
That ’s why I signed it . ”
When it came time to mark Republican or Democrat , Taai said the signature gatherer told him , “ Oh , do n’t worry about that . ”
“ This teaches me a lesson not to sign any more papers , ” he said .
Briseira Gomez , 18 , says she was hurrying into Albertsons to cash her student loan check when she was stopped by a signature gatherer circulating some kind of petition about animals .
She was vague on the details .
“ I was like , ‘ Animals ?
I like animals , ' ” she said .
“ I did n’t take time to ask questions about what it was .
I was like , ‘ Lemme sign , get out of here . ’ “
She too ended up on the voter registration rolls as a Republican , even though she did n’t know what a Republican was .
When told the Republicans are the party of George W. Bush and Arnold Schwarzenegger , she groaned .
“ I want to be for Obama ! ” she said .
A Simple Solution
For years , the Democrat - controlled State Legislature has tried to outlaw the practice of offering bounties for voter registration cards , but Republicans in the Legislature – and one in the governor ’s office – have stood in its way .
Since the beginning of 2005 , Democrats have introduced at least four bills to outlaw bounties for voter registration cards and / or petition signatures and of those not one received a single Republican vote approving it .
At least twice bills outlawing bounties have made it out of the Legislature anyway , but both times Gov. Schwarzenegger vetoed them .
“ With this particular system , the incentives are there for petitioners to incorrectly or fraudulently submit voter registration materials without the voter ’s knowledge , ” said R. Michael Alvarez , a Caltech professor of political science and co-director of the Caltech / MIT Voting Technology Project .
“ Clearly , if we could eliminate these bounties , it would eliminate the incentive . ”
But Baugh , the Orange County Republican Party chairman , said just because bad people abuse the system does n’t mean the system should be shut down .
When fraud like this happened four years ago , signature gatherers were prosecuted .
That ’s how the system should be kept in check , he said .
“ If somebody robs a bank , you do n’t shut down the bank , ” he said .
“ You prosecute the bank robbers . ”
Contact the writer : 916-449-6046 or bjoseph@ocregister.com
1 of 791
Rating : 5 stars Omg !
This marinade is SOOO good !!!
The only change I made was due to what I had on hand ; no hot pepper sauce , so I subbed crushed red pepper flakes and a little of Emeril 's Southwest Seasoning .
( The chipotle sour cream was a little tart for me - I think next time I would cut down on the lime juice , or maybe leave it out altogether , but that is just personal preference . )
Thanks mabcat !!
This definitely stays in rotation ! :) p.s.
After looking at a few recipes for fish tacos , I made just the corn salsa from ' Fiery Fish Tacos with Crunchy Corn Salsa ' , also on this site .
It was FANTASTIC with this fish !
You could even make the tilapia fillets with the corn salsa on the side ( not as tacos ) and that would be a wonderful entree .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 393 )
Rating : 4 stars
This is really good ... BUT !!!
I would just like to add a word of caution .
The first time I made this I accidently bought chipotle peppers in adobo sauce rather than just the adobo sauce .
I picked out the peppers and followed the recipe as written and holy cow it was hot !
Too hot and I love really spicy food .
I ended up adding a lot more sour cream to calm it down .
The 2nd time I made it I used the same sauce but strained out the seeds after picking out the pepper and it was perfect .
NOT kid friendly due to the spice / heat , but will definitely make again & pass on the recipe to others !
Thanks !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 296 )
Rating : 5 stars Great Recipe I followed the suggestion of others and omitted the adobe sauce .
I only marinaded the fish for an hour and then I baked it at 350 for 15 minutes in the marinade .
For garnish I used diced tomato onion cilantro and shredded cabbage - yummm .
For a side dish I made rice with black beans .
Ca n't wait to make this wonderful .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 274 )
Rating : 5 stars
The marinade was great .
I increased the cumin to 1 tsp , honey to 2 tsp , and lime juice to 3 tbsp .
I cooked the fish in a pan instead of the grill , for convenience .
Instead of making the dressing , I boiled the marinade down to a thick sauce and drizzled this over the tacos with baby greens , tomatoes , cilantro , and avocado .
Very tasty !!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 134 )
Rating : 4 stars
The marinade gets 5 stars ... it 's fantastic !
Overall though , I gave this a 4 because the tilapia , in my opinion , is just too delicate of a fish to stand up to this recipe .
Next time I 'll use haddock fillets , or a similar fish sliced in thicker fillets .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 116 )
Rating : 3 stars I love fish tacos and have made them many times before , but wanted some ideas on a few variations so I went hunting .
The marinade and sauce look very promising here and sound delicious , but I do have to question the need to cut up the fish PRIOR to grilling ( I never have and never will ) ?
Leaving it whole makes it MUCH easier for grilling , cuts out a little work and the marinade would still impart good flavor because fish is a meat which absorbs flavors very easily ( and 9 minutes seems like a very long time to cook for cutting it into smaller pieces ) .
There really is no need to cut it up prior .
Leave it whole , grill it for the same amount of time and flake it into bite size chunks when assembling the tacos .
They will be just as delicious and you will cut out a few steps making this an even easier recipe ! :)
Thumb Up Helpful ( 97 )
Rating : 5 stars
These are amazing .
We have been looking for good fish taco 's since moving from California and this beats all the restaurants in town by far .
The sauce is very hot though and we reduced the chili powder & chipotle en adobo to our taste .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 71 )
Rating : 4 stars
The only reason this got 4 stars instead of five is because the sauce is n't very good .
It had a very strong lime taste that overwhelmed everything else .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 46 )
Debates about Title II of the Communications
Act do n't often make it into the op - ed pages of the New York Times .
The fact that they did so in the past several days shows just how invested in arcane regulatory issues the public has become when it comes to the Internet .
A federal appeals court ruled this month that the FCC did not have the authority to sanction Comcast for its P2P blocking , crippling the agency 's ability to crack the whip on any " network management " practices .
The decision did not actually affect Comcast much ; the cable giant had already altered its network management techniques and now claims to use nondiscriminatory congestion management .
But it does have profound implications for the Internet as a whole .
Courts essentially removed the FCC 's authority to be the " cop on the beat " when it comes to Internet access .
So has the shot clock expired on projects like network neutrality ?
If you listen to some in Congress , it absolutely has .
FCC Chair Julius Genachowski heard last week from Congressman Mike Johanns ( R- NE ) , who told the FCC boss at a hearing , " You 've been handed your hat in your hand in the Comcast case ... [ and ] you can't go to Title II , it'd be like remaking the world . "
Title II is the old " common carrier " bit of US communications law , the one that said public networks like the telephone must be open to all comers at the same rate and could not discriminate .
Even though the old AT&T ran a private network , the company had to complete everyone 's calls ; blocking critics from using the network was illegal .
Internet service started out under this regime , too , since it 's most common early incarnation was dial - up access provided by the common carriers .
But cable networks had never been common carriers , and when they started offering Internet access , the FCC made a momentous decision : this access was not a " telecommunications service " but instead an " information service . "
DSL was also placed in the same category , which removed the " common carrier " designation .
Under common carrier law , the FCC had clear authority to address discrimination ; under the " information service " category , it had no such explicit support from Congress .
Kevin Martin's FCC therefore relied on the FCC's " ancillary " jurisdiction , but that move was just rejected by the courts .
If the FCC wants to regulate network management , it either needs explicit authorization from Congress ... or it needs to move the " information services " back into common carrier " telecommunications services . "
The law profs weigh in
Johanns believes that this switch would be " like remaking the world , " but two well - known and influential law professors publicly disagree .
Writing in the aforementioned New York Times op - ed , University of Michigan law professor Susan Crawford said that the truly radical change was the earlier decision to deregulate Internet access .
" This was a radical move , because it reversed the long - held assumption that a nondiscriminatory communications network was essential to economic growth , civic welfare , and innovation , " she wrote .
Her conclusion : if the FCC was the agency that made this change in the first place , it should be no problem to change it back .
Tim Wu of Columbia agreed , writing in Slate .
Those earlier FCC reclassification decisions were meant to promote investment and therefore competition .
But by 2006 , " it was obvious that things have gone horribly wrong .
Instead of more competition in broadband , every year brought less ...
AT&T , broken up in 1984 , reemerged .
The cable industry integrated into just a few mega firms , like Comcast .
Today , there is every sign of more consolidation , and even the reemergence of an outright monopoly in high speed broadband ( more than 50 Mb per second ) in many parts of the nation . "
Reverting to Title II authority over Internet access is n't " politics ; it 's error correction , " Wu wrote .
He expects the FCC to go this route sometime over the summer .
These opinions are more than mere opinions .
Crawford helped chair one of the Obama administration 's technology working groups during the presidential transition and then worked in the White House .
Wu currently chairs the board of Free Press , one of the most vocal DC pressure groups in this area and a key driver of the Comcast process at the FCC .
So the opinions carry weight .
Genachowski himself was noncommittal when speaking to Congress , though he indicated that a full legal review was underway .
Given how important Internet openness has been to Genachowski and to Obama , who has mentioned it numerous times , the FCC is unlikely just to let this one go .
But if the FCC does decide to reclassify broadband as a common carrier , the shouts of rage from the big ISPs will probably be audible all the way to California .
Chernobyl Radiation Killed Nearly One Million People : New Book
The book , " Chernobyl : Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment , " was compiled by authors Alexey Yablokov of the Center for Russian Environmental Policy in Moscow , and Vassily Nesterenko and Alexey Nesterenko of the Institute of Radiation Safety , in Minsk , Belarus .
The authors examined more than 5,000 published articles and studies , most written in Slavic languages and never before available in English .
The authors said , " For the past 23 years , it has been clear that there is a danger greater than nuclear weapons concealed within nuclear power .
Emissions from this one reactor exceeded a hundred - fold the radioactive contamination of the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . "
" No citizen of any country can be assured that he or she can be protected from radioactive contamination .
One nuclear reactor can pollute half the globe , " they said .
" Chernobyl fallout covers the entire Northern Hemisphere . "
The Chernobyl nuclear reactor was destroyed by an explosion and fire April 26 , 1986 .
( Photo issued by Soviet authorities )
Their findings are in contrast to estimates by the World Health Organization and the International Atomic Energy Agency that initially said only 31 people had died among the " liquidators , " those approximately 830,000 people who were in charge of extinguishing the fire at the Chernobyl reactor and deactivation and cleanup of the site .
The book finds that by 2005 , between 112,000 and 125,000 liquidators had died .
" On this 24th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster , we now realize that the consequences were far worse than many researchers had believed , " says Janette Sherman , MD , the physician and toxicologist who edited the book .
Drawing upon extensive data , the authors estimate the number of deaths worldwide due to Chernobyl fallout from 1986 through 2004 was 985,000 , a number that has since increased .
By contrast , WHO and the IAEA estimated 9,000 deaths and some 200,000 people sickened in 2005 .
On April 26 , 1986 , two explosions occured at reactor number four at the Chernobyl plant which tore the top from the reactor and its building and exposed the reactor core .
The resulting fire sent a plume of radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and over large parts of the western Soviet Union , Europe and across the Northern Hemisphere .
Large areas in Ukraine , Belarus , and Russia had to be evacuated .
Yablokov and his co-authors find that radioactive emissions from the stricken reactor , once believed to be 50 million curies , may have been as great as 10 billion curies , or 200 times greater than the initial estimate , and hundreds of times larger than the fallout from the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Nations outside the former Soviet Union received high doses of radioactive fallout , most notably Norway , Sweden , Finland , Yugoslavia , Bulgaria , Austria , Romania , Greece , and parts of the United Kingdom and Germany .
Disabled children from Belarus visiting the UK during Easter 2010 sponsored by the charity Medicine Chernobyl Belarus Special Aid Group .
( Photo by Matthew and Heather )
About 550 million Europeans , and 150 to 230 million others in the Northern Hemisphere received notable contamination .
Fallout reached the United States and Canada nine days after the disaster .
The proportion of children considered healthy born to irradiated parents in Belarus , the Ukraine , and European Russia considered healthy fell from about 80 percent to less than 20 percent since 1986 .
Numerous reports reviewed for this book document elevated disease rates in the Chernobyl area .
These include increased fetal and infant deaths , birth defects , and diseases of the respiratory , digestive , musculoskeletal , nervous , endocrine , reproductive , hematological , urological , cardiovascular , genetic , immune , and other systems , as well as cancers and non-cancerous tumors .
In addition to adverse effects in humans , numerous other species have been contaminated , based upon studies of livestock , voles , birds , fish , plants , trees , bacteria , viruses , and other species .
Foods produced in highly contaminated areas in the former Soviet Union were shipped , and consumed worldwide , affecting persons in many other nations .
Some , but not all , contamination was detected and contaminated foods not shipped .
The authors warn that the soil , foliage , and water in highly contaminated areas still contain substantial levels of radioactive chemicals , and will continue to harm humans for decades to come .
The book explores effects of Chernobyl fallout that arrived above the United States nine days after the disaster .
Fallout entered the U.S. environment and food chain through rainfall .
Levels of iodine - 131 in milk , for example , were seven to 28 times above normal in May and June 1986 .
The authors found that the highest U.S. radiation levels were recorded in the Pacific Northwest .
Americans also consumed contaminated food imported from nations affected by the disaster .
Four years later , 25 percent of imported food was found to be still contaminated .
Little research on Chernobyl health effects in the United States has been conducted , the authors found , but one study by the Radiation and Public Health Project found that in the early 1990s , a few years after the meltdown , thyroid cancer in Connecticut children had nearly doubled .
This occurred at the same time that childhood thyroid cancer rates in the former Soviet Union were surging , as the thyroid gland is highly sensitive to radioactive iodine exposures .
The world now has 435 nuclear reactors and of these , 104 are in the United States .
The authors of the study say not enough attention has been paid to Eastern European research studies on the effects of Chernobyl at a time when corporations in several nations , including the United States , are attempting to build more nuclear reactors and to extend the years of operation of aging reactors .
The authors said in a statement , " Official discussions from the International Atomic Energy Agency and associated United Nations ' agencies ( e.g. the Chernobyl Forum reports ) have largely downplayed or ignored many of the findings reported in the Eastern European scientific literature and consequently have erred by not including these assessments . "
To obtain the book from the New York Academy of Sciences , click here .
to know for whom the bell tolls — John Donne
or less frequently as the object of a following preposition the man whom you wrote to though now often considered stilted especially as an interrogative and especially in oral use
Superan ;
When you are mad at your girl for not having sex with you .
So when she falls asleep you masturbate and cum on her back .
After that , stick the bedsheet on to her back and when she wakes up it 's stuck to the cum and she has a cape like Superman !!!
Profit , baby .
It 's coming .
Another interesting tidbit from the recent search share numbers : Facebook is rapidly becoming a meaningful player .
According to Liz Gannes ' analysis of the March Comscore numbers , Facebook has already blown past AOL and is catching up to Ask .
Here are the relative shares , as Liz calculates them .
( The shares will look unfamiliar , because Liz is assessing each company 's share of the whole US search query market , instead of the relative share of the top 5 . )
A few important points :
In a few months , Facebook will have left Ask and AOL in the dust .
Facebook will also likely be catching up with Bing , without having to shell out massive dollars for toolbar distribution , the way Microsoft is doing .
Taken together , all the non-Google players still have only 27 % of the market .
Google has 60 % .
The other 13 % is presumably distributed in tiny shares .
This " other " will gradually disappear , as Bing or another provider becomes the back - end engine for everyone but Google .
The possible exception is if Apple makes a big push here .
If Bing buys the Facebook search business ( pays Facebook a huge share of each query to serve the results ) and Facebook 's share continues to grow , then it 's possible Bing could cobble together 35 % - 40 % of the search market just by buying it .
Importantly , Microsoft 's economics on this 35 % - 40 % will be horrible relative to Google 's , because it will have to pay majority revenue share for most ot it .
But there does seem to be a path for Microsoft to control those queries .
IF Facebook agrees to a deal .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| ||
( Dagbladet ) : Da uføre Nina Th. Thorsen ( 43 ) oppdaget at Nav-pengene plutselig skrumpet inn , satte hun i gang telefonstorm og dypdykk i gjeldende regler og forskrifter .
Hun var sikker i sin sak :
Hun hadde rett .
Nav tok feil .
Og snøt henne for et pengebeløp som utgjør 2252 kroner årlig i en allerede hardt prøvet økonomi .
Fra 1 . mars i år trådte den nye ordningen med arbeidsavklaringspenger ( AAP ) i kraft .
Alle som mottok rehabiliteringspenger , attføringspenger , attføringsstønader eller tidsbegrenset uførestønad er flyttet over i den nye ordningen .
- Avfeide meg som dumDa de 49 885 menneskene som mottok tidsbegrenset uførestønad per 31 .
desember 2009 skulle overføres til AAP fra 1 . mars , begikk Nav en stygg regnefeil .
De uføre skulle kompenseres for bortfall av et særfradrag de hadde rett på etter den gamle ordningen .
Dette går klart fram av forskriften .
Nina Th. Thorsen reagerte umiddelbart da hun oppdaget at kompensasjonen hun fikk gjennom AAP var vesentlig mindre enn særfradraget hun hadde hatt på tidsbegrenset uførestønad .
Hun , og alle andre med en uføregrad på minst 67 prosent , skulle motta en kompensasjon på 29 kroner om dagen .
De fikk bare 19 .
- Ingen i Nav ville høre på meg .
Jeg føler at de avfeide meg som dum .
Jeg var i kontakt med flere på Nav forvaltning , med mitt lokale Nav-kontor , ja til og med presseavdelingen i Nav .
Det er en uting å måtte bruke så mye tid og krefter på å krige for det som faktisk står i forskriften .
Jeg er syk , men dum er jeg slett ikke , sier Nina Th. Thorsen til Dagbladet .
Hun har regnet ut at Nav-tabben samlet ville ha kostet de uføre brukerne minst 110 millioner kroner i året .
Nav-tabben43 - åringen legger til grunn for regnestykket Navs egen statistikk ved årsskiftet , da 35 310 mennesker med en uføregrad på minst 67 prosent mottok da tidsbegrenset uførestønet .
Disse skulle hatt 29 kroner daglig i kompensasjon , men fikk 19 .
Ganget med 260 dager , som er et Nav-år , ville disse i løpet av et år bli snytt for en samlet sum av nær 92 millioner kroner .
Legger man til de 14 575 menneskene med lavere uføregrad enn 67 prosent , og som derfor skal motta mindre penger i kompensasjon , ville Navs regnefeil kostet de syke brukerne til sammen mer enn 110 millioner kroner i løpet av et år .
Da Thorsen tok dette opp med Nav , fikk hun flere benektende svar , både per telefon og per brev .
Nå har Nav måttet innrømme tabben i brev til sine uføre brukere .
« På grunn av en feil i beregningen av arbeidsavklaringspengene har du dessverre fått utbetalt 10 kroner for lite i dagsats i arbeidsavklaringspenger fra og med 1 . mars 2010 .
Du vil få etterbetalt kroner 300 for 30 dager » , heter i brevet hun mottok fra Nav.
Dagbladet er kjent med at uføre Nav- brukere rundt om i landet har mottatt tilsvarende brev .
Nav skriver at brukerne « grunnet en feil i beregningen » bare har fått utbetalt 66 prosent av den kompensasjonen de skulle ha fått .
På grunn av manglende interesse hos Nav kontaktet Thorsen ulike instanser , deriblant Kreftforeningen , for å fortelle om Nav-tabben hun hadde oppdaget .
- Imponert - Jeg ble imponert over innsikten hennes .
Hun forklarte meg problemstillingen .
Jeg kikket på forskriften og forsto at hennes synspunkter hadde noe for seg , sier advokat Kjetil Straume i Kreftforeningen .
Straume , som selv har flere år bak seg som trygdesjef , mener Thorsens oppdagelse har stor betydning for svake grupper i samfunnet .
- Klart det har betydning at kompensasjonen for bortfall av særfradraget nå blir nærmest krone for krone .
For de menneskene dette gjelder , teller hver eneste krone .
Svake grupper trenger slike ildsjeler som Thorsen med forstand , kompetanse og guts til å gå på , sier Kjetil Straume .
Uføre Sølvi Ragnhild Tynes Sommervoll i Trondheim er en av Nav- brukerne som nå har fått brev om etterbetaling av for lite utbetalt kompensasjon .
- Nina Thorsen er en dyktig person , og jeg er evig takknemlig for at hun står på , og at Nav nå har ryddet opp i denne feilen , sier Sommervoll .
Nav beklagerNav beklager feilen som førte til at uføre brukere fikk for lite utbetalt i kompensasjon etter overgangen til arbeidsavklaringspenger .
- Det ble lagt inn feil formel i beregningsgrunnlaget , og dette slapp dessverre gjennom i systemet , sier kontorsjef i Nav , Kristian Heyerdahl til Dagbladet .
Nå har Nav sendt ut brev til rundt 50 000 berørte brukere med beskjed om nytt beregningsgrunnlag og etterbetaling .
- Vi er takknemlig for at vi har våkne brukere .
Det er beklagelig hvis Nina Thorsen ikke føler at hun ble møtt på en god måte hos oss , sier Heyerdahl .
Kontorsjefen kjenner til ytterligere en person , som i tillegg til Nina Th. Thorsen har påpekt Navs regnetabbe .
- Hvorfor har dere ikke gått ut offentlig med informasjon om denne feilen ?
- Vi ønsket ikke å oppskake flere brukere enn nødvendig , og valgte derfor å sende brev til hver og en av de berørte brukerne , sier Kristian Heyerdahl .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
kenney trentadue was driving a 1986 Chevy pickup when he was pulled over at the Mexican border on his way home to San Diego on June 10 , 1995 .
He was dark - haired , 5 feet 8 inches , and well muscled , a former athlete who had picked up construction work after he quit robbing banks .
His left forearm bore a dragon tattoo .
Highway patrol officers ran his license and found that it had been suspended , and that he was wanted for parole violations .
After two months in jail in San Diego , Trentadue was shipped , on August 18 , to a prison in Oklahoma City for a hearing on the parole violations .
The move placed Kenney in close proximity to the most famous federal prisoner in America .
In one way or another , it also sealed his fate .
Four months earlier , another car had been stopped by a state trooper , some 80 miles north of Oklahoma City .
It was 10:20 a.m. on April 19 , 1995 , and much of the country was still waking up to the enormity of what had happened earlier that morning , when an explosives - laden Ryder truck gutted the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , killing 168 people .
The driver of the 1977 Mercury Marquis was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon and driving without tags .
He gave his name as Timothy McVeigh .
Two days later McVeigh was identified as the John Doe No. 1 wanted in the bombing , and fellow antigovernment extremist Terry Nichols turned himself in to police .
They were indicted on August 10 , and federal authorities said they had their men .
But there were many who did n’t buy the tidy closure .
A sprawling Great Plains town known for its tornadoes , Oklahoma City was already the center of a swirl of theories about the crime , all of them insisting that the two men could not have acted alone .
Some refused to give up on the idea of Middle Eastern terrorists , speculating about a plot headed by Saddam Hussein ; others suspected an inside job by the feds .
Some simply stuck to the far more plausible conviction that there were coconspirators not yet apprehended .
After all , immediately following the bombing , law enforcement had been searching furiously for a man whom numerous sources said they saw with McVeigh , and who by some accounts was seen walking away from the Ryder truck — the character whose police composite sketch became known around the world as John Doe No. 2 .
According to the police description , this man was about 5 feet 9 , muscular , and dark - haired .
By some accounts , he drove an older model pickup truck and had a dragon tattooed on his left forearm .
Kenney ’s brother , Jesse Trentadue , knew nothing about the resemblance between his brother and the nation ’s most wanted man .
But he now believes it sparked the events that would launch him on a 12 - year investigation of a prison mystery and a massive government stonewalling effort .
In the process , he would discover documents showing that even as the Justice Department was working to convict what it insisted were only two conspirators , its agents were actively investigating a wider plot — a plot whose possible ramifications they concealed from defense lawyers and from a public that , at a delicate moment in an election year , they were anxious to reassure .
The government ’s refusal to disclose what it knew — and what it did not know — may also have forestalled the nation ’s best opportunity to address the problems in federal law enforcement and intelligence that would become tragically apparent on September 11 , 2001 .
Jesse Carl Trentadue is no liberal crusader , nor is he an antigovernment conspiracy theorist .
He grew up poor in an Appalachian coal camp , called Number 7 , halfway between Cucumber , West Virginia , and Horsepen , Virginia .
Earlier generations of Trentadue men had all gone into the mines :
One grandfather had first descended at age six , another at age 12 , and both had died of black lung , as would Jesse ’s father .
But coal prices fell during the Korean War , and in 1961 the Trentadues followed a neighboring family to Orange County , California .
They traveled , Jesse says , “ like the Okies , ” heading west on Route 66 , sleeping beside the car at night .
Jesse ’s ticket to a different life was a track and field scholarship to the University of Southern California where , like his teammate O.J. Simpson , he made all - American .
After a stint in the Marines and law school at the University of Idaho , he landed in Salt Lake City , where he built a reputation as a tough , tenacious lawyer working everything from sports law to contract disputes .
He met me on a warm Saturday , on a bench in front of the Judge Building , the handsome , century - old structure where he practices law .
Stocky , with a graying mustache and a neat beard , a cigar between his lips , he looked like the 21st - century version of an Old West sheriff — weather - beaten , self - contained , and shrewd .
His office upstairs was dominated by an enormous portrait of his brother .
It depicted Kenney in a dark shirt , looking calm and earnest , bathed in a glow that evoked the portraits of saints .
As youngsters in West Virginia , Jesse says , the brothers “ shared a bed and an outhouse . ”
Three years his junior , Kenney was a track star in high school , but dropped out after an injury and joined the Army , where he developed a heroin habit .
Then he tried carpentry and factory work before discovering that he had a knack for robbing banks .
“ This is n’t just robbing a teller , ” Jesse notes with a flush of pride .
“ It ’s taking the whole bank down . ”
On Kenney ’s jobs , he adds , “ the weapons were empty or the firing pins had been removed .
He said , ‘ Robbery is one thing .
Murdering is something else , and it ’s not worth that . ' ”
When Kenney got caught , “ he did n’t contest it .
He just went in , pled guilty , and served his time . ”
Released on parole in 1988 , Kenney cleaned up , started working in construction again , and got married .
His first child , a boy named Vito , was born nine days after Kenney was arrested at the border .
On August 19 , 1995 , Kenney called Jesse ’s house to report that he had just arrived at the Oklahoma City Federal Transfer Center .
Jesse ’s wife , Rita , an attorney and law professor , was surprised he ’d been shipped from San Diego all the way to Oklahoma for a probation hearing .
Kenney told her — in a conversation that was , like all inmates ’ calls ,
” It ’s that jet age stuff . ”
Kenney called again that night , sounding chipper , and the brothers strategized about the parole hearing ; Kenney promised to call again the next day .
But no call came until early the morning of August 21 , when the phone rang at Kenney and Jesse ’s mother ’s house .
It was the prison warden .
Kenney , she said , had committed suicide that night .
She offered to have the body cremated at government expense — a move without precedent in federal prison policies — but Wilma Trentadue turned her down .
Five days later , Kenney ’s body arrived at a mortuary in California .
There were bruises all over it , clumsily disguised with heavy makeup ; slashes on his throat ; ligature marks ; and ruptures on his scalp .
Photos of the injuries were included in a letter that Jesse drew up on August 30 and hand - delivered to the Bureau of Prisons ( bop ) , which is part of the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) .
“ I have enclosed as Exhibit ‘ A ’ a photograph of Kenneth ’s body at the funeral , ” it read .
“ This is how you returned my brother to us… .
My brother had been so badly beaten that I personally saw several mourners leave the viewing to vomit in the parking lot !
Anyone seeing my brother ’s battered body with his bruised and lacerated forehead , throat cut , and blue - black knuckles would not have concluded that his death was either easy or a ‘ suicide ’ ! ” After describing Kenney ’s injuries in detail , and speculating how they might have come about ( bruises to his arms from being gripped , others to his legs from being knocked to the ground with batons , slashes to his throat from someone “ possibly left - handed , ” which Kenney was not ) , Jesse concluded : “ Had my brother been less of a man , you [r ] guards would have been able to kill him without inflicting so much injury to his body .
Had that occurred , Kenney ’s family would forever have been guilt - ridden … with the pain of thinking that Kenneth took his own life and that we had somehow failed him .
By making the fight he did for his life , Ken has saved us that pain and God bless him for having done so ! ”
Two days later , on September 1 , the Bureau of Prisons issued a press release stating that Kenney ’s death had been “ ruled a suicide by asphyxiation ” and that the injuries on the body “ would indicate persistent attempts … to cause himself serious injury or death . ”
( Officials would later put forth an elaborate scenario in which Kenney tried to hang himself but fell , bruising his head and body , and then tried to slit his throat with a toothpaste tube before succeeding in his second hanging attempt . )
In fact , as the bop would have known , no official ruling as to the manner of death had been made ; rather , every communication from the state medical examiner ’s office indicated it was being treated as a suspicious death .
On August 22 , the day after the body was delivered to the ME ’s office , Chief Investigator Kevin Rowland called the local fbi office to file a complaint .
On a form documenting the call , the fbi agent wrote “ murder ” and noted that Rowland “ believes that foul play is suspect[ed ] in this matter . ”
The state ’s chief medical examiner , Fred Jordan , refused to classify the case a suicide , listing the manner of death as “ unknown ” pending investigation .
As was customary with suspicious deaths , within days the Bureau of Prisons formed a board of inquiry .
In an unusual move , the staff attorney heading the probe was told to treat his team ’s findings as “ attorney work product , ” which would protect it from discovery in any future lawsuit as well as from Freedom of Information Act requests .
In October the bop ‘s general counsel issued a memo noting that “ there is a great likelihood of a lawsuit by the family of the inmate . ”
To this day , the bop , fbi , and Department of Justice refuse to discuss the case ; spokespeople for each agency referred questions for this story to an fbi official in Oklahoma City , who declined to comment citing ongoing litigation .
Not long after Kenney died , Jesse got an anonymous phone call .
“ Look , ” the caller said , “ your brother was murdered by the fbi .
There was an interrogation that went wrong … .
He fit a profile . ”
The caller mentioned bank robbers but did n’t give many details .
Jesse did n’t know what to make of the tip ; he put the call out of his mind .
Exactly what happened the night Kenney died is impossible to reconstruct , in large part because a great deal of evidence went missing or was destroyed by prison officials .
According to bop documents , a guard discovered Kenney hanging from a bedsheet noose in his cell at 3:02 on the morning of August 21 , 1995 .
Stuart A. Lee , the official in charge at the prison that night , refused to unlock the cell while he waited for a video camera to film the body .
According to a bop memo , he would later tell investigators that he knew Kenney was dead and he thus “ was not concerned with taking any immediate emergency action . ”
The prison medic on several occasions said he performed cpr on Kenney , but later admitted he made no effort at resuscitation .
The video of the body was never made , or it was erased , depending on whose account you believe .
Prison officials did take photos of Kenney ’s body , though when the family asked for copies , they said they could n’t find them ; the photos reappeared in the fbi ‘s files years later .
Kenney ’s clothes vanished between the time he was found hanging in his cell and the time his body was turned over to the medical examiner .
Other evidence , including his bedsheets , boxers , and fingernail clippings , disappeared for several weeks ; investigator Rowland would later suggest they had been in the trunk of an agent ’s car .
Kenney ’s cell was cleaned by 2 p.m. the day of his death , before legally required examinations of the site had been made .
And even though the medical examiner ’s office had given orders to preserve the cell , the walls — including a pencil scrawl that prison officials called Kenney ’s “ suicide note ” — were painted over , leaving only photos whose “ lack of detail , ” according to the fbi crime lab , rendered it “ doubtful if this hand printing will ever be identified with hand printing of a known individual . ”
Other key evidence was simply omitted from or buried in the official reports : fbi and state Bureau of Investigations officials later testified , in a lawsuit brought by the Trentadue family , that a second person ’s blood had been found in Kenney ’s cell , and that there were no cut marks on the noose from which he was , according to prison officials , “ cut down . ”
According to an internal fbi memo , a prison guard told his neighbor that Kenney had been killed , and then hung in his cell as a cover - up ; an inmate who reported hearing similar statements from a second guard said he was warned to keep silent and then sent to isolation .
Another inmate , Alden Gillis Baker , would later give Jesse ’s lawyer a note describing an incident during which , he said , Kenney got into an altercation with a guard .
Eventually , he wrote , additional officers entered the cell , there was “ a lot of physical violence going on , ” he heard “ faint moaning , ” and later the sound of bedsheets being torn .
( He would repeat this account in a deposition in connection with a lawsuit brought by Jesse , but a judge ruled that Baker , a convicted robber and sex offender , was not a reliable witness .
In 2000 , Baker was found hanging in his cell in a California federal prison . )
Government accounts of the incident relied heavily on reports from a different set of inmates .
One claimed that during his two days at the prison , Kenney had seemed angry and agitated .
Another claimed he was acting “ upset , paranoid , and weird in general , ” and thought everyone was talking about him having aids .
( The Bureau of Prisons transcript of Kenney ’s conversation with Jesse ’s wife reads , “ It ’s that aids stuff , ” not , as Rita insists he said , “ that jet age stuff . ”
According to medical records , Kenney was hiv negative . )
And then there were the words scrawled in pencil on the wall —
” My Minds No Longer It ’s Friend ” and “ Love Ya Familia ! ”
Oddly , the bop investigator who took the pictures shortly after Kenney ’s death wrote in a caption that the scrawl read , “ Love Paul . ”
The fbi agent who investigated the case immediately following Kenney ’s death did not even look at the cell .
He did visit the prison , but spoke only with officials , interviewing no inmates and collecting no evidence except for the photos of the cell .
The case languished for months , until complaints from the medical examiner ’s office reached the Department of Justice in Washington .
In early 1996 , the department ’s Civil Rights Division took over supervising the investigation and decided that the case should be presented to a federal grand jury , which would determine whether to issue an indictment .
On July 6 , 1996 , more than 10 months after Kenney ’s death , the grand jury was convened .
Justice officials from Washington went to the trouble of commuting to Oklahoma City to oversee the proceedings .
It was an election year , and President Clinton ’s attorney general , Janet Reno — still under a cloud for her handling of the Waco siege three years earlier — was preparing to try McVeigh and Nichols .
The last thing the doj needed was a trial , in Oklahoma City , accusing its employees of murder and obstruction of justice .
But to put the case to rest , federal officials would have to find a way around Fred Jordan , the Oklahoma chief medical examiner who had refused to classify the death a suicide .
Within a few months , the local fbi office was calling Jordan — a man with a long and distinguished career , who had achieved near - heroic status in Oklahoma City for his effective and sensitive handling of the bombing victims ’ remains — a “ loose cannon . ”
In December 1995 , Jordan told an fbi official that the bureau had urged him to hold off on releasing an autopsy report until the fbi could complete its investigation .
He also told the U.S. attorney ’s office in Oklahoma City , according to correspondence from that office , that Kenney had been “ abused and tortured ” ; later he would tell them , according to a bop lawyer , that “ the federal Grand Jury is part of a cover - up . ”
In a memo to his own files , Jordan wrote that it was “ very likely this man was killed . ”
In search of a second opinion , doj officials asked Bill Gormley , a forensic pathologist at the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , to review the case .
In May 1997 , Gormley called Kevin Rowland , the chief investigator in the Oklahoma medical examiner ’s office , who wrote a memo to his files noting that Gormley “ was troubled that [ the doj ] only seemed interested in him saying it might be possible these injuries were self inflicted . ”
In fact , Rowland wrote , Gormley had grown convinced that “ this man was murdered . ”
As late as July 1997 , Fred Jordan told a local TV station , “ I think it ’s very likely [ Kenney ] was murdered .
I ’m not able to prove it ….
You see a body covered with blood , removed from the room as Mr. Trentadue was , soaked in blood , covered with bruises , and you try to gain access to the scene , and the government of the United States says no , you ca n ’t … .
At that point we have no crime scene , so there are still questions about the death of Kenneth Trentadue that will never be answered because of the actions of the U.S. government .
Whether those actions were intentional — whether they were incompetence , I do n’t know … .
It was botched .
Or , worse , it was planned . ”
After more than a year of proceedings , in August 1997 , the grand jury ( which , like all such panels , had heard only evidence selected by the government ) concluded its investigation without issuing any criminal indictments .
The doj held back the news for two months while staff in Washington met to devise a roll - out plan that a doj aide compared to “ coordinating the invasion of Normandy . ”
The plan targeted the media as well as Senators Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) and Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) , who , thanks to Jesse Trentadue ’s efforts , had taken an interest in the case .
In a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing a few months earlier , Hatch had quizzed then - Attorney General Janet Reno about Kenney and told her that “ it looks like someone in the Bureau of Prisons , or having relations with the Bureau of Prisons , murdered the man . ”
But Hatch never followed through on his stated intent to hold hearings on the case .
Neither did Oklahoma Republican Senator Don Nickles , then the majority whip .
In December 1997 , Nickles held a press conference lambasting the feds ’ handling of the case ; he said prison officials in Oklahoma had told him they ’d been ordered not to talk about it .
The next day Nickles got a visit from Thomas Kuker , head of the fbi ‘s Oklahoma City office .
According to an internal fbi memo , Kuker assured the senator that he , too , had once been concerned about the case , but had become convinced that there was no foul play .
After a second meeting with the fbi two months later , Nickles backed off .
The doj also continued to pressure Medical Examiner Fred Jordan , to the point where Oklahoma Assistant Attorney General Patrick Crawley wrote to a Justice Department attorney that the bop and fbi had “ prevented the medical examiner from conducting a thorough and complete investigation into the death , destroyed evidence , and otherwise harassed and harangued Dr. Jordan and his staff .
The absurdity of this situation is that your clients outwardly represent law enforcement or at least some arm of licit government … .
It appears that your clients , and perhaps others within the Department of Justice , have been abusing the powers of their respective offices .
If this is true , all Americans should be very frightened of your clients and the doj . ”
Four months later , in July 1998 , Jordan suddenly changed his conclusion on Kenney ’s manner of death from “ unknown ” to “ suicide , ” saying he had been convinced in large part by the identification of the supposed suicide note by a handwriting expert — even though the expert had not been able to see the actual note , and had received what the doj itself considered inadequate samples of Kenney ’s handwriting .
Although he never fully retreated from this determination , Jordan would later say , in a deposition , that he still believed Kenney was beaten , and that he himself had been “ harassed by the Department of Justice from the very beginning ” of the case .
The last government investigation into the death of Kenney Trentadue , conducted by the doj ‘s Office of the Inspector General ( oig ) , was concluded in November 1999 .
The report was sealed , and only a brief summary made public .
The full report , a copy of which was obtained by Mother Jones , ran to 372 pages and included names and many other crucial details .
It also contained material taken from the secret grand jury proceeding , according to its cover page .
The oig report supported the government ’s position that Kenney ’s injuries had been self - inflicted .
But it did find fault with the prison ’s response and with the fbi ‘s investigations , concluding that bop and fbi employees had lied about their actions to supervisors , investigators , and the oig itself .
( In 2003 , Jesse filed a complaint about what he considered shoddy investigative work in the report with the President ’s Council on Efficiency and Integrity , a White House agency ; the council dismissed the complaint , and when Jesse asked why , it sent him 55 pages of evidence the oig had submitted .
All but 350 words had been blacked out . )
In late 2000 , the civil lawsuit brought by the Trentadue family commenced in federal district court in Oklahoma City .
The jury found that Stuart A. Lee , the prison official in charge the night Kenney died , had violated Kenney ’s civil rights by being “ deliberately indifferent to his medical needs . ”
Four months later , the court awarded the family $ 1.1 million for emotional distress ( based not on Kenney ’s death itself , but on the bop ‘s conduct afterward ) .
The court denounced prison employees for trying to cover up their own misconduct , declaring that , “ From the time of Trentadue ’s death up to and including the trial , these witnesses seemed unable to comprehend the importance of a truthful answer . ”
The government appealed , and the matter remains bogged down in the courts to this day .
For Jesse , the ruling was bittersweet .
For more than four years , he had been investigating the case — interviewing witnesses , filing Freedom of Information
Act requests , lobbying lawmakers .
But he was no closer to understanding why Kenney might have been , as the medical examiner had put it , “ tortured , ” or why the prison and the doj would have gone to such lengths to cover up whatever occurred .
By the spring of 2003 , Jesse Trentadue had all but given up on solving the mystery .
Then he got a call from a small - town newspaper reporter in Oklahoma .
His name was J.D. Cash , and he wanted to talk about Kenney , whose story and photo had been widely circulated on the Internet .
What kind of vehicle had he been driving when he was stopped at the border ?
Did he have tattoos ?
Then Cash explained what had gotten him interested .
Kenney ’s particulars fit the police description of John Doe No. 2 , and some photos of Kenney bore a clear resemblance to the police sketch of the alleged bomber .
And both Kenney and John Doe No. 2 looked quite a bit like another man , a bank robber named Richard Lee Guthrie .
Guthrie ’s name meant nothing to Jesse Trentadue , but in the far - right radical scene , he had some notoriety .
In 1994 and 1995 , Guthrie and his gang , the Aryan Republican Army , carried out an impressive series of 22 bank robberies across the Midwest , netting some $ 250,000 that they used to support the white - supremacist movement .
The ara had a flair for the dramatic .
They rented getaway cars in the names of major fbi officials .
At some robberies they wore Clinton and Nixon masks ; at others , they tried to look like Arabs .
At a December 1994 robbery they wore Santa and elf suits ; the following April , they left behind an Easter basket holding a bronzed pipe bomb .
In a home movie , Guthrie ’s partner Peter Langan donned a black balaclava and talked about the coming white revolution .
The ara ‘s philosophy was old - fashioned nativism , but their style was a takeoff on the ira , with Latin American revolution and rock and roll thrown in .
( Members of the Philadelphia skinhead music scene were part of the group . )
Langan liked to call himself “ Commander Pedro ” ; outside the gang , he cross - dressed and later , when sentenced to prison for the robberies , requested that a judge authorize a sex - change operation .
Cash told Jesse that some people — including some in federal law enforcement — thought the ara might have been involved in the Oklahoma City bombing , and that Guthrie could have been John Doe No. 2 . ( Guthrie , along with other key ara members , was finally arrested in January 1996 and was reported to be cooperating with federal prosecutors tracking the far right .
That July , shortly before he was due to testify in court against Langan , Guthrie was found hanging in his cell . )
J.D. Cash , who died in May , at age 55 , was an unsettling figure — a genuine crusader for truth as well as an instinctive self - promoter .
A lanky man with a warm face that could turn hard in a hurry , he ’d been a lawyer , mortgage banker , and entrepreneur before taking a job as the hunting and fishing reporter for the McCurtain Daily Gazette in eastern Oklahoma .
Having lost friends and family in the attack , he had grown consumed with the bombing and become a central figure in the Oklahoma City “ truth movement , ” a loose collection of individuals and groups dedicated to identifying holes in the official story , advancing alternate theories , and gathering evidence to support them .
Cash became an acknowledged clearinghouse for information on the bombing and its endless complications , uncovering a store of vital information while putting forth some highly questionable theories .
He despised the fbi and loved writing stories about the bureau ’s stupidity and perfidy .
His belief in a cover - up — and even government foreknowledge of the bombing — had made him a favorite among some militia types .
Yet he also insisted that the bombing was part of a conspiracy by the organized far right , and wanted to see all the perpetrators brought to justice .
From Cash , Jesse Trentadue would get a crash course on the questions that still lingered , years later , around the bombing .
For the federal government , a great deal was riding on public perceptions of the attack .
Bill Clinton ’s speech at a memorial service for the victims , and his emotional meetings with their families , drove up his popularity ratings , which had bottomed out after the 1994 midterm elections ; the spotlight on violent antigovernment extremists was also credited with eroding sympathy for the antigovernment rhetoric in Newt Gingrich ’s Contract With America .
But the destruction of the Murrah Building — just like , years later , the fall of the Twin Towers — also pointed to a series of deep shortcomings in federal law enforcement and intelligence .
Agencies such as the fbi had plenty of agents doing first - rate crime - solving work , but their record in “ domestic intelligence ” was another matter .
Not unlike the patriot groups obsessed with black helicopters , the fbi was consumed by conspiracy theories that reflected the fears and fantasies of its leadership .
The same agency that harassed pinko screenwriters in the 1950s , bugged civil rights leaders in the 1960s , and today monitors peace activists and librarians sought to infiltrate the far right through similar means — with dubious informants and questionable surveillance .
And when it did move against far - right groups , it often ended up boosting the movement it sought to thwart ; the 1992 raid at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , and the botched 1993 attack on the Branch Davidian compound at Waco fueled a growing fury on the far right .
( The Oklahoma City bombing came on the second anniversary of the Waco disaster . )
Increasingly , that anger was targeted at the federal government and its symbols .
The Murrah Building itself had been the target of a white - supremacist plot as far back as 1983 .
Among those involved in that failed endeavor was Richard Wayne Snell , who was later convicted of murdering a black Arkansas state trooper and a pawn - shop owner who he thought was Jewish .
Snell was executed on April 19 , 1995 — the very day of the Murrah bombing .
The final resting place of Snell ’s body would be a remote religious compound called Elohim City .
For those seeking evidence of a wider conspiracy in the bombing — and the federal government ’s missed opportunities to crack it — all roads led to Elohim City .
the place was not much to look at — a clutch of small buildings in the Ozark Mountains in eastern Oklahoma .
Elohim City ’s inhabitants were followers of the late Robert Millar , who taught a doctrine known as Christian Identity , which holds that black and brown people and other “ non-whites ” ( including Jews ) are “ mud people . ”
The community was patriarchal and polygamous , with all residents , including children , trained in the use of weapons by a visitor they called “ Andy the German ” — Andreas Strassmeir , a former German military officer .
For many years , Elohim City served as a sort of extremist sanctuary .
Members of the Aryan Nations came through , skinhead bands made visits , young recruits showed up at the gates .
Dennis Mahon , a former Klansman who had become a leader of the White Aryan Resistance , had a trailer there and participated in Andy the German ’s guerrilla warfare training .
In the early 1990s , the burgeoning militia movement , which helped inspire McVeigh and Nichols , became part of the mix .
Also drifting in and out of Elohim City were various informants .
Internal fbi memos suggest that the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks the far right , had a source there whose tips were passed to law enforcement .
( Mark Potok , the director of splc ‘s intelligence project , told me that his organization had not placed an informant inside the compound , but received only second - or thirdhand reports from the compound . )
Millar himself shared some information with the fbi , according to his former attorney , Kirk Lyons , in hopes of avoiding a Waco - style raid .
And the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms was getting information from inside Elohim City for nearly a year before the Murrah bombing , via an ex-debutante named Carol Howe .
The daughter of a wealthy Oklahoma businessman , Howe with her fiancé had formed a two - person neo - Nazi group that urged “ white warriors ” to take up arms against the government .
In 1994 she called a racist hot line and got involved with the White Aryan Resistance and Mahon .
Soon thereafter the batf , possibly wielding the threat of a weapons charge , convinced Howe to inform on Mahon , and for most of the next two years it employed her as an informant .
In that capacity she made numerous trips to Elohim City .
Howe ’s reports provided the batf — which , records show , shared some of the information with the fbi — with details about the weapons being stockpiled at Elohim City , Strassmeir ’s combat training , and Millar ’s sermons against the mud people and the U.S. government .
Howe reported that Strassmeir had talked about blowing up federal buildings , and that he and Mahon had made several trips to Oklahoma City .
In February 1995 , Howe joined a group of Elohim City residents on such a trip ; she told her batf handler that she ’d stayed at the home of a former military person who demonstrated an explosive device .
Two years after the bombing , in 1997 , Howe and her fiancé were indicted on charges related to their two - person “ National Socialist Alliance ” that included making bomb threats and possession of an illegal explosive device .
She would be acquitted on all charges .
There was a pretrial hearing in the case , which involved testimony from Howe ’s batf handler , on the same day that Timothy McVeigh ’s trial opened in Denver .
At one point , the judge had the following conversation with Howe ’s attorney , Clark Brewster :
The Court : Well , let me ask you this , Mr. Brewster .
A lot of this makes for good conversation , like the trip to Oklahoma City , you know , before the bombing and so forth and it makes for sensationalism , and I do n’t know that it really has anything to do with the Oklahoma City bombing , but I saw where you were coming from .
With that McVeigh trial going on , I do n’t want anything getting out of here that would compromise that trial in any way .
Brewster :
What do you mean by compromise ?
Do you mean shared with the McVeigh lawyers ?
The Court : Yes , or something that would come up — you know , we have got evidence that the [ batf ] took a trip with somebody that said buildings were going to be blown up in Oklahoma City before it was blown up or something of that nature , and try to connect it to McVeigh in some way or something .
Brewster did not return calls for this story ; McVeigh ’s lawyer , Stephen Jones , says the prosecution never gave him any information about Howe or Elohim City , but that Brewster filled him in and he attempted to have Howe testify at trial .
The judge rebuffed him on this and every other attempt to show that McVeigh and Nichols had n’t acted alone .
one day in 2004 , Jesse had a kind of breakthrough — one that would put him at the center of the Oklahoma City truth movement , though it would ultimately get him no closer to proving who was to blame for Kenney ’s death .
A source at the fbi , who had at one point taken an interest in Kenney ’s case , passed him two heavily redacted memos indicating that , more than a year after Oklahoma City , the bureau had been investigating a link between the bombers and bank robber Richard Guthrie ’s ara — a connection that ran through Elohim City .
Jesse filed a Freedom of Information
Act request , and then a lawsuit , for documents containing information on these connections , and the bureau — after first claiming it had none — finally produced 25 documents comprising 150 pages , many of them heavily redacted .
The documents connect two investigations under way at the bureau in 1995 and 1996 , both of them linked to Elohim City via informants : OKBOMB , run out of Oklahoma City , and BOMBROB , an investigation of the bank - robbing Aryan Republican Army .
One of the memos , dated August 23 , 1996 — some 16 months after the bombing — was sent from fbi headquarters in Washington to the BOMBROB investigation .
It read , “ Information has been developed that [ names redacted ] were at the home of [ redacted ]
Elohim City , Oklahoma on 4/5/95 when OKBOMB subject , Timothy McVeigh , placed a telephone call to [ redacted ] residence .
On 4/15/95 , a telephone call was placed from [ redacted ] residence to [ redacted ] residence in Philadelphia division .
BOMBROB subjects [ redacted ] left [ redacted ] residence on 4/16/95 en route to Pittsburgh [ sic ] , Kansas where they joined [ redacted ] and Guthrie . ”
At that time , some ara suspects lived around Philadelphia , and Pittsburg , Kansas , was the site of an ara safe house .
The document makes clear that the bureau was interested in communication between McVeigh and the ara immediately before the bombing , and that Guthrie himself was in Pittsburg — some 200 miles from Oklahoma City — three days before the attack .
In addition , the memos indicate that the fbi received reports of McVeigh calling and possibly visiting Elohim City before the bombing , at one point seeking “ to recruit a second conspirator . ”
The documents also have one source reporting that McVeigh had a “ lengthy relationship ” with someone at Elohim City , and that he called that person just two days before the bombing .
( These documents were never shown to McVeigh ’s lawyer . )
The Justice Department and the fbi would not comment on the documents ; an fbi spokesman in Oklahoma City told me that the bureau is confident it has caught and convicted those responsible for the bombing .
Jesse believes that McVeigh ’s contact was Strassmeir , a fixture in many Oklahoma City theories .
There has been much speculation , aired most recently on the bbc show Conspiracy Files this year , that Strassmeir had ties to U.S. and German intelligence and might ( along with his government contacts ) have had advance knowledge of the plot .
In February 2007 , Jesse filed a declaration in court signed by Nichols stating , “ McVeigh said that Strassmeir would provide a ‘ safe house ’ if necessary .
McVeigh … said that Strassmeir was ‘ head of security at some backwoods place in Oklahoma . ' ”
Strassmeir left the country in early 1996 ; he was later questioned on the phone by the fbi .
Kirk Lyons , Strassmeir ’s U.S. attorney , who has defended a number of far - right figures over the years , says the reality is far simpler ; Strassmeir came to the United States to take part in Civil War reenactments , liked it here , and , hoping to find a bride , ended up at Elohim City .
Lyons insists that Strassmeir was never a spy , except in the minds of conspiracy theorists .
( “ These silly right - wingers think I am Mossad , ” he says .
“ I ’ve given up arguing with these nutsy cuckoos . ” )
Reached at his home in Berlin , Strassmeir told me that he met McVeigh once , at a gun show in 1993 , but that they never spoke again .
He said he had no intelligence affiliations and had no clues to the Oklahoma City attack before it happened ; but there were definitely informants at Elohim City , he added , and sometimes surveillance planes flew overhead — probably , he thought , to check out the marijuana fields that “ some of the rednecks ” had planted .
He confirmed that two ara members were part - time residents of Elohim City , but said that “ nobody knew much about them . ”
the oklahoma City bombing prefigured 9/11 in many ways .
There were the missed clues ; the federal informant who actually had contact with the conspirators ; the turf - conscious agencies failing to share and act on vital information ; and in general , a domestic - intelligence program incapable of translating surveillance into action .
Just as they would misunderstand the nature of Al Qaeda , the fbi and other agencies never viewed the far right as a political movement with the strategic and tactical ability to deliver a major attack .
Intelligence on these groups suffered from the broader inadequacies of domestic intelligence , especially in the use of untested freelance informants recruited under threat of prosecution .
But with federal police forces and the Justice Department responsible for policing themselves , and the details of their work often shrouded in secrecy , the system remained unaccountable .
The bombing “ grew out of a definable social movement the authorities did n’t understand , ” says Leonard Zeskind , a researcher who has tracked the far right for more than 30 years .
“ It went unsolved because of the character and gross mismanagement of the investigation .
It was an outrageous crime , and the size of the crime magnifies the level of incompetence . ”
In fact , after the bombing law enforcement ’s failures were not corrected but rewarded .
Congress passed the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 , which severely restricted federal courts ’ ability to grant habeas corpus relief , paving the way for speedier executions ( like that of Timothy McVeigh ) , and ultimately for Guantanamo .
It also restricted the rights of immigrants , extended surveillance capabilities , and provided $ 1 billion in authorization for antiterrorism work , half of it for the fbi .
The act raised only muted protest , perhaps in part because it was signed into law by a Democratic president .
Yet there can be no doubt that the roots of the Patriot Act were planted not in the chasm of Ground Zero but in the dusty soil of Oklahoma .
More than 150,000 people took to the streets of Athens against the austerity measures in a mass protest marches that have led to extended battles in the greek capital .
On Thursday March 11 all Greece came to a 24h standstill as a result of the second general strike to be called within less than a month ( not the third as reported by foreign media , as the first strike in February only concerned the public sector ) .
As a result of the strike called by GSEE ( private sector union umbrella ) and ADEDY ( public sector union umbrella ) as well as PAME ( the Communist Party union umbrella ) no buses , trams , metros , trolley buses or suburban trains exited their stations , while due to air - traffic control workers ’ strike no flights are being realised within or in and out of the country .
Only the electric train will function for 4h in Athens in order to facilitate people ’s participation in the mass demo at noon .
In the health sector , all hospitals are functioning with emergency personnel only , as all doctors , ambulance drivers and nurses are striking .
All banks are closed to the public , and all public and municipal offices and services have been shut by the strike .
The Corinth Canal has also been shut by the workers controling it , allowing no ships to make the vital crossing .
All boats have been immobilised in the harbours and no inter-city trains are running .
Post offices remain closed , while National Electricity , National Waters and National Telecoms workers are taking part in the strike with all offices and factories of the above industries closed for the day .
All schools and universities remain also closed as teachers and academics are partcipating in the strike .
Office workers , factory workers and contruction workers are also participating en mass in the strike .
Firemen and policemen are also performing walk - outs , with a policemen demo at the National Police HQ planned for the afternoon .
Due to the participation of the TV , radio , electronic news websites , and the press in the strike , there are no news broadcasts for 24h .
Thus the information gathered here will be completed by means of Comments after the end of the General Strike when more information become available .
In total more than 3 million people ( out of a total population of 11 million ) are expected to having taken part in the general strike today .
Background :
The General Strike comes as a new climax to labour struggle against the new austerity measures the greek government has announced in response to its notorious credit crisis .
In the days before the General Strike , stage workers have occupied the Ministry of Labour on Peiraeos street , while the continuing occupation of the General State Accountancy by layed - off Olympic Airways workers has caused the intervention of the state persecutor who has demanded their arrest .
No such move of repression has been made yet by the police , and Panepistimiou street remains cut in two by the protesters for more than a week now .
In Salonica , the General Industrialists Bureau was occupied yesterday by workers , while radicals from the left dropped a huge banner in the Acropolis reading “ take the measures back ” .
Troughout the week , tax officers performed a 48h strike , school traffic wardens in Northern Greece performed a 3 - day strike , while judges and other judicial officers performed 4 -h work daily stoppages .
No garbage has been collected since last Saturday in Athens , Patras and Salonica as refuse collectors have blockaded the great garbage depot of the three major cities .
Finally , in the city of Komitini ENKLO textile workers are mounting an ever more intense labour struggle , with protest marches and strikes : two banks were occupied by the workers last Monday .
The Demos :
The first demo in Athens was performed by PAME , the Communist Party union umbrella , just before noon .
PAME allied workers first formed small demos across Athens , then marched to Omonoia square and all together in a 50,000 strong march to the Parliament .
At the same time , people started gathering at Patision and Alexandras junction for the demo called by GSEE and ADEDY .
The demo which soon gathered over 100,000 people set to march to the Parliament at 12:30 when just outside the Polytechnic riot police forces tried to cut - off a large anarchist block from the march by brutal force .
Clashes ensued with extended use of tear gas and molotov cocktails .
Despite the air being thick with smoke and CS gas , the march continued its way along Patision avenue and on to Stadiou street where many corporate shops came under attack .
After reaching the Parliament , the march turned to Panepistimiou street where renewed clashes erupted at the height of Propylea .
With the march coming to its final distination , protesters who continued their way to Omonoia where attacked by Delta team motorised forces .
The Delta - team thugs tried to hit the protesters in full speed sparking more pitched battles with police squads encircled and beaten by the angry crowd and several Delta - team motorbikes destroyed .
At the time of writing , the battles have moved to Exarcheia where protesters have erected flaming baricades and are confronting riot police and Delta force cops by means of rocks and molotov cocktails .
Many protesters have sought refuge at the Polytechnic from which they are confronting police forces on both Patision and Stournari street .
During the clashes many protesters have been wounded with one reported to be in intensive care with heavy wounds on the chest .
The number of people arrested remains unclear but there are about 16 people detained and 13 cops hospitalised .
In Salonica 6 different marches took place by different unions and umbrella unions .
Protesters of the Worker ’s Centre march , which numbered 7,000 people in total , attacked corporate and church - owned shops on Egnatia avenue , while two super - markets were looted with the commodities distributed to the people .
Despite the police firing tear - gas , the march continued and attacked the Ministry of Macedonia and Thrace with paint and rocks before reaching the Worker ’s Centre .
In Ioannina despite the pouring rain around 1.500 people marched against the measures with no news of clashes .
Similar protest marches took place in Sitia , Naxos , Veroia , Patras and other cities .
In Heracleion , Crete , shops that did not allow their workers to strike were blockaded and several banks came under attack by protesters .
In Volos , protesters blockaded the gates of the METKA factory not allowing security - staff ( i.e. scabs ) to enter the premises , with many more corporate chain shops that did not allow their workers to strike blockaded and shut by the protesters .
The official union - bosses of Volos were forced to leave the march after mass heckling by the workers .
Despite anti-strike war waged by the bourgeois media , amongst which the more bloodthirty ones like Kathimerini is urging the government to crush the protests “ even if some protesters die ” , the Athens march is estimated to be the largest in 15 years , and has demonstrated the resolve of the working class to fight back against the capitalist onslaught .
Spring 2010 : Of Note
Illustration by Erica Endicott
Buffalo wings and . . . astrochemistry ?
Science Tavern is a more casual classroom
More information
To find out more about Atlanta Science Tavern , go to www.atlantasciencetavern.com.
For more about science cafes across the country , go to www.sciencecafes.org.
A crowd is packed into the back room of Manuel ’s Tavern in Atlanta , an old - school watering hole known for its clientele of politicians and law enforcement .
They are sharing pitchers of beer , noshing on nachos and wings , and waiting to see Emory neuroscientist Todd Preuss talk about brains .
Preuss , an associate research professor at Yerkes National Primate Research Center , is momentarily taken aback by how many people have shown up on a chilly Saturday to watch him give a PowerPoint on the evolutionary connections between human brains and those of other members of our extended primate family .
“ My mother would never believe it , ” he says with a smile .
The Atlanta Science Tavern , modeled after science cafes that have sprung up in metro areas around the country , began in summer 2008 .
“ We gather in a casual environment , like a cafe , restaurant , bar , or home , to share a bite to eat and pint to drink , and to discuss interesting news and views about scientific advancements and discoveries and how they affect our daily lives , ” says cofounder Josh Gough , a technology professional in Atlanta .
“ The idea came from PBS and NOVA ’s Science Cafe movement . ”
The Science Tavern ’s other cofounder , Carol Potter , is a high school biology teacher and an Emory parent to Cindy Potter 05C .
Emory scientists are regularly featured at Science Tavern gatherings , talking about topics from inaccurate movie “ science ” to the clash between dolphin intelligence and human ethics .
Marc Merlin 75C , who works for an Atlanta nonprofit and writes the blog Thoughts Arise , joined the group about a year ago and enjoys discussing issues like climate change , vaccination safety , and the teaching of evolution .
“ The Science Tavern , ” says Merlin , “ has reaffirmed for me the existence of a community of people who hold well - reasoned , dispassionate argument in high regard . ”
The United States already measures at the top or close to the top of nearly every global measure of economic competitiveness .
A comprehensive 2008 Rand Corporation study found that the U.S. leads the world in scientific and technological development .
The U.S. now accounts for a third of the world ’s research - and - development spending .
Partly as a result , the average American worker is nearly 10 times more productive than the average Chinese worker , a gap that will close but not go away in our lifetimes .
This produces a lot of dynamism .
As Stephen J. Rose points out in his book “ Rebound : Why America Will Emerge Stronger From the Financial Crisis , ” when income is adjusted for family size , the percentage of prime - age American adults earning between $ 35,000 and $ 70,000 declined by 12 points between 1979 and 2007 .
But that ’s largely because the percentage earning more than $ 105,000 increased by 14 points .
Over the last 10 years , 60 percent of Americans made more than $ 100,000 in at least one of those years , and 40 percent had incomes that high for at least three .
As the world gets richer , demand will rise for the sorts of products Americans are great at providing  emotional experiences .
Educated Americans grow up in a culture of moral materialism ; they have their sensibilities honed by complicated shows like “ The Sopranos , ” “ The Wire ” and “ Mad Men , ” and they go on to create companies like Apple , with identities coated in moral and psychological meaning , which affluent consumers crave .
As the rising generation leads an economic revival , it will also participate in a communal one .
We are living in a global age of social entrepreneurship .
In 1964 , there were 15,000 foundations in the U.S. By 2001 , there were 61,000 .
In 2007 , total private giving passed $ 300 billion .
Participation in organizations like City Year , Teach for America , and College Summit surges every year .
Suburbanization helps .
For every 10 percent reduction in population density , the odds that people will join a local club rise by 15 percent .
The culture of service is now entrenched and widespread .
In sum , the U.S. is on the verge of a demographic , economic and social revival , built on its historic strengths .
The U.S. has always been good at disruptive change .
It ’s always excelled at decentralized community - building .
It ’s always had that moral materialism that creates meaning - rich products .
Surely a country with this much going for it is not going to wait around passively and let a rotten political culture drag it down .
Here ’s something we did n’t expect to read :
At the meeting , Lowden said she is committed to amending and rewording the Nuclear Waste Policy
Act so that it requires Yucca Mountain be prepared not only for the long - term storage of the nuclear waste , but also for reprocessing the waste into usable fuel .
A little context , perhaps ?
Well , the meeting was of the U.S. Nuclear Energy Foundation and Lowden is Nevada Senate candidate Sue Lowden .
She leads in the Republican primary there and in poll - driven match - ups against Democrat Harry Reid , she also wins .
We ’d warn , though , that it ’s still too far out to count on such polls , which can change on a dime .
Good example : Lowden herself – she ’s the candidate who picked up considerable bad press after she suggested that bartering for medical care might help contain costs and that the barter might include chickens .
None - the - less , we were interested to see that opposition to Yucca Mountain is not an article of faith for politicians – that is , a local circumstance that trumps party loyalty .
Last month , GOP adviser Sig Rogich criticized Lowden ’s stance on Yucca Mountain , saying that a single nuclear waste spill could destroy the Nevada economy .
This echoes the stance of the Nevada Agency for Nuclear Projects , which cites concern for leaks of radioactive substances and accidents in transportation as two of its reasons for opposing the repository site .
These are non-starter arguments : used nuclear fuel already travels around the country , and has for a long time , without incident ; and a “ single nuclear waste spill ” ruining the Nevada economy seems an out - of - the - hat argument that has no basis in any reality .
Not sure the journalistic “ balance ” was really necessary here .
This is what makes sense :
“ I do n’t understand how someone could just willfully take out $ 500 million to $ 1 billion out of the economy of southern Nevada , and expect it to just flourish ” he [ Dr. Dennis Moltz , a nuclear scientist ] said .
“ Because that ’s what Yucca Mountain was bringing in for many years : $ 500 million to $ 1 billion . “
So if Lowden supports reopening Yucca Mountain , fine .
That she may have to face down DOE Secretary Steven Chu and President Obama , also fine .
There ’s been a lot of doubt raised – and lawsuits filed – over Yucca Mountain , so she ’s in good company .
---
We paid a visit to Lowden ’s campaign site to see what , if anything , she had to say about nuclear energy .
We got a bit of a surprise :
Sue Lowden has always been and remains opposed to the Nuclear Waste Policy
Act – which calls for deep , geologic burial of high - level nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain , Nevada .
As a Nevada State Senator , Sue traveled to Washington , DC , in the 90s to testify before a congressional panel in opposition to this misguided policy .
That ’s not exactly inconsistent – she says above she want to rethink the Nuclear Waste
Act – but it does seem she does not support reopening Yucca Mountain .
Or does she ?
Sue believes that if nuclear waste ends up being shipped to Nevada , we should ensure that Nevada can become the leader of a new , job - creating industry on reducing and ultimately , permanently eliminating the waste .
She believes our Nevada Test Site could become the next major economic development , job - creating , high - tech nuclear laboratory – not just for the US , but throughout the world .
Lawrence Livermore in California and Los Alamos in New Mexico are two of our nation ’s leading national laboratories and many other states are competing for new , high - tech , job , career and industry - creating projects .
Hmm !
Now , we ’re really not sure what she has in mind .
Here ’s a little more from the meeting that may clarify her position a little better .
“ There was a feeling that this was being shoved down Nevada ’s throat by the federal government , and people do n’t like it in Nevada when the federal government comes in and says ‘ you will do this , ’ without having any input from the people , ” Lowden said .
“ And frankly , I did n’t like it when I was a state senator .
I testified to them in Washington that I did not like the fact that Nevada was told ‘ this is what we will do . ’” Lowden said , however , that she ’s willing to learn more about nuclear energy , and its potential use for Nevada in the future .
So – an evolving stance .
Especially if Lowden wins her primary on June 8 , this will be an evolution well worth following .
This may shape up to be a very consequential race .
Sue Lowden .
Published online 7 April 2010 | Nature 464 , 826-827 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/464826a
News Feature
The explosion in commercial archaeology has brought a flood of information .
The problem now is figuring out how to find and use this unpublished literature , reports Matt Ford .
Archaeologists are used to gathering data by scratching in the dirt .
But when Richard Bradley set out to write a new prehistory of Britain in 2004 , he unearthed his most important finds while wearing sandals and a sweater rather than work boots and a hard hat .
Bradley is one of a growing number of academics in the United Kingdom who are doing their digging in the masses of unpublished ' grey literature ' generated when commercial archaeologists are brought in to excavate before any sort of construction .
Bradley , a professor at the University of Reading , travelled around the country , visiting the offices of contract archaeological teams and local planning officials .
There , he unearthed dozens of reports showing that settlements in England had remained strong during the Bronze Age and had not suffered a population crash , as academics had long thought .
" I became aware that what I was teaching would be out of date without looking at the grey literature , " says Bradley .
For the past 20 years , Britain has been at the centre of a revolution in the funding and practice of archaeology .
The shift was spurred by a 1990 change in policy that requires local governments to consider how construction projects will affect archaeological remains .
That policy has essentially forced public and private entities to pay for archaeological assessments before they start laying a road , constructing an office building or engaging in other projects that disturb the ground .
In many ways the law has achieved its aim , helping to preserve relics that otherwise would have been destroyed .
But at the same time , it has created problems for academics , who have struggled to keep up with the avalanche of new data , which some argue are hard to access .
Similar concerns have emerged in other countries that have enacted equivalent laws .
But it's in the crowded British Isles — with its densely packed archaeological record and rapid pace of development — where the effect has been particularly profound .
" There is such a vast body of untapped stuff out there , " says Barry Cunliffe , an emeritus professor of European archaeology at the University of Oxford .
" This means there is a hold - up in academic development and the way in which the public are able to understand and appreciate archaeology . "
The contractors disagree .
Commercial work now accounts for 93 % of the archaeological research done in the United Kingdom , and academics must take note of the data generated by contract units , says Kenneth Aitchison , head of projects and professional development at the Institute for Archaeologists , the body representing commercial archaeologists in Britain .
" This is the mainstream , " he says .
" The ones who complain are missing out . "
Academic archaeologists are used to a system in which researchers conduct excavations and then publish their observations in monographs and journal articles , which are then available in libraries .
But now the results of most excavations get written up for clients and local government planners , and are then held in private offices or local government buildings .
Skeleton in the closet ?
Some academics , such as Bradley , are thankful for the new source of data and have responded by working more closely with commercial units .
But others argue that fundamental changes are necessary to prevent market forces from letting down the archaeology .
" Where there is a real limitation is that the reports are n't necessarily publicly available , " says Cunliffe .
" It ought to be made mandatory that all these reports should be made available to the public .
Sometimes a unit may say ' I 'm sorry , my client is not prepared to make such and such a report public ' . "
Cunliffe says that his research , such as that on Iron Age Britain , has been affected by difficulties obtaining grey literature .
Because these reports are not held in libraries , they are unavailable as inter-library loans , making it necessary to travel to read them .
" To go through all the records in all the units across the country would have taken years to do and just was n't feasible in the context of writing a book , " he says .
Click to enlarge SOURCE : INST .
ARCHAEOL .
But that is where an increasing amount of archaeological information is stored ( see ' Careers in ruins ' ) .
Statistics are limited , but it is estimated that in 2003 – 04 , private developers sponsored the vast majority of UK archaeology , spending £ 144 million ( US $ 220 million ) , compared to around £ 19 million spent by the central government and the European Union , and around £ 25 million by local governments1 .
Knowledge is power
Cunliffe 's views are not unique .
Another vocal critic has been Gary Lock , also at the University of Oxford .
He wrote in the magazine British Archaeology in 2008 that while he was studying part of Oxfordshire , several developer - funded projects had been carried out nearby and he had been unable to access the reports .
" Archaeological information is being treated as a commodity to which developers control access , " he wrote2 .
Even if academics can locate reports , that does n't necessarily resolve all their concerns .
" I know that some bits of grey literature I have seen are barely worth the paper they are printed on , " says Cunliffe .
Commercial reports contain broadly the same sort of data as academic reports — interpretations of features , finds and chronology .
But the reports are composed in response to planning , as opposed to research questions .
There have also been complaints about the quality of some commercial archaeological work .
Representatives of that industry , however , argue that commercial units are advancing archaeology and that academics must keep pace .
The grey literature , " does what it is supposed to do , and it is essentially accessible " , says Aitchison .
Aitchison argues that the issue is not one of access , but rather of awareness , attitude and understanding .
The major archaeological contractors — including Oxford Archaeology and Wessex Archaeology in Salisbury — are run as charitable trusts with educational aims .
They forge links with universities and are working to get their grey literature online , says Aitchison .
More material is published on the Internet than ever before , and the situation has improved massively in the past few years , he adds .
Laws requiring developers to fund archaeology operate to varying extents across Europe and North America , with similar debates taking place wherever they are applied .
" I reject the concept that grey literature is unpublished , " says Deni Seymour , who worked in US contract archaeology for more than 25 years and for a decade co-ran the Lone Mountain Archaeological Services in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Grey literature , she says , " is no less available than many obscure journals and master 's theses " .
According to Seymour , " some academics and mainstream researchers think they are above looking at contract work and they do n't value it .
In reality , I think many of them are five or more years behind with respect to new discoveries , concepts , method and theory . "
Although opinions are strong on both sides about working practices and management issues , a consensus is emerging that grey literature contains important information and must be used .
" It is time for all scholars to engage their colleagues more widely and meaningfully , and to bridge the divide between the academic and the professional sectors , " says Seymour , echoing many of her colleagues in and outside universities .
“ A lot of the best work is coming out of commercial units now — a lot of the worst is as well . ”
Ireland is showcasing a potential way to make the grey literature more easily available .
A government - sponsored programme called Irish National Strategic Archaeological Research funds projects to synthesize grey data .
In England , the Archaeological Data Service in York and Bournemouth University 's Archaeological Investigations Project are working to put grey literature online .
But finding money in the teeth of a recession , with UK universities already facing massive cuts , seems unlikely .
Academics who have dug into the grey literature say it can transform ideas about the past .
Bradley 's work , for example , turned the standard view of late Bronze Age Britain and Ireland on its head .
In the late 1980s , academics had concluded that the population in the British Isles had dropped markedly during the late Bronze Age .
But since then , professional archaeologists have unearthed so many settlements from that period that " no one mentions a population decline any more " , says Bradley .
The other Roman Britain
Michael Fulford , one of Bradley 's colleagues at the University of Reading , has been piloting a study of the grey literature about Roman Britain , with similarly exciting results .
" We 've almost found ' another Roman Britain ' , " he says , " one that we would have never seen without developer - funded archaeology . "
Previously British Roman archaeology had tended to be biased towards excavating high - status sites such as villas , as these were what researchers had chosen to investigate .
But commercial excavations happen wherever developers are planning to break ground , and so provide a wider sampling of the past .
ADVERTISEMENT
By embarking on a " massive photocopying campaign " , Fulford assimilated huge amounts of data , representing a massive increase in both the number and type of sites now known .
His study revealed the other side of Roman society .
The low - status rural settlements showed how indigenous communities coexisted with Roman invaders , by keeping much of their vernacular architecture , but furnishing their homes with Roman manufactured goods .
" A lot of the best work is coming out of commercial units now — a lot of the worst is as well , but you can say that about universities , quite frankly , " says Fulford .
He advises PhD students who want to keep their hand in fieldwork that they might be better off working in commercial archaeology because it often involves large projects that are properly funded .
" A lot of my contemporaries feel disenfranchised , but then that 's too bad , " says Fulford .
" Despite the difficulties , we have to adapt to an archaeological record that is massively expanded and , at its best , of far better quality than has been achieved by academics , who are often very part - time fieldworkers . "
Matt Ford is a freelance writer in Bath , UK .
The Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 and likely the X10 Mini and X10 Mini Pro will launch with Android 1.6 but we ’ve already confirmed it will soon be upgradeable to Android 2.1 .
Good to know .
But between now and the end of the year , they ’ll also be offering an upgrade to Android 2.2 .
What exactly is included in Android 2.2 ?
We ’re not sure – it is n’t yet available .
Here is exactly what the spokesperson said when discussing the “ upgrade ” the Xperia line will get :
“ it will be an Eclair variant , so it could be 2.1 or even 2.2 ”
We know it will get at LEAST Android 2.1 and seeing that they are thinking even further ahead is a great sign , especially considering the number of handsets stuck a little in the past .
I think since the Xperia is POWERFUL enough to handle 2.x they assume it will be upgradeable .
But wait – did they account for tweaking their custom UI ( UXP ) to work with 2.2 ?
How about taking into consideration carrier approval / testing ?
The world of upgrading Android to the latest version is always a guessing game and if you ’re THAT worried / intent on it … maybe you should be exploring the options of rooting your phone .
[ Via Crave Asia ]
Explaining FinReg : Resolution authority
There are plenty of bad terms in the financial regulation debate .
My friend Matt Yglesias says that " FinReg " is the worst of them .
Not me .
I like " FinReg " !
But I hate " resolution authority , " which manages to take an easy and important concept and tell you nothing about it .
So for this -- the second in the " Explaining FinReg " series -- we 'll be talking about resolution authority .
A more descriptive -- if not lyrical -- term would be " execution capacity . "
We 'll get to why in a minute .
Before we do , we need to deal with the question of why we even need a special process for killing off a failing bank .
Businesses fail all the time .
Why should banks be any different ?
The underlying issue here is , as per usual , the too - big - to - fail problem .
" When big financial institutions fail , " says Raj Date , a former managing director at Deutsche Bank Securities and the founder of the Cambridge Winter Project , " they have an immediate , catastrophic impact on the financial system .
They live on borrowed money , and as they approach failure , their creditors try to get all their money back at once .
So the firm begins selling all its assets into the marketplace very quickly .
But when you 're large , there 's no way to move that volume of assets without cratering their prices .
So now the types of assets the firm is selling drop in value .
That means that everyone else 's balance sheet is worth less , at least if they have these assets , too . "
Here 's the problem : Banks do n't fail .
They explode .
They take other banks down with them .
The easiest analogy is to a bomb .
What happened with Lehman Brothers is that the bomb went off , and it took the financial sector with it , at least temporarily .
That 's , well , one way of handling a bomb .
But it 's not the preferred way .
The preferred way is to defuse it .
That 's what resolution authority does , at least in theory .
What 's important to understand about resolution authority is that you 're not trying to save the firm .
Quite the opposite , in fact .
You 're killing the firm .
Any firm that goes into resolution -- or that taps into the liquidation fund -- is destroyed .
Its management is fired .
Its shareholders are wiped out .
Its creditors lose money .
It 's broken into pieces and sold .
That 's why it 's closer to execution than resolution , and why it 's so deeply misleading to call this a bailout .
No company wants to go through resolution .
In fact , once a company goes through resolution , there 's no more company .
That 's rather contrary to the spirit of a bailout .
Instead of savings the firm , resolution is trying to save the surrounding system .
Let 's say you 're Mitch Bank , and after years of misrepresenting your assets , you 're failing .
You 've been telling everyone you 're worth 60 .
In reality , you 're worth 50 .
But if you cause a panic and your creditors are demanding their money back and you 're making your assets worthless by trying to sell them so quickly , you 'll only be able to raise 30 .
The value of your firm is artificially depressed , and you 're going to depress the value of all the other firms , too .
Put simply , your failure will cause a bank run .
Enter resolution .
Rather than letting the bank run happen , the FDIC steps in and takes over your firm .
At that moment , your company is dead , but it 's not gone .
The FDIC keeps it running for awhile .
It sells off your assets slowly so they do n't become worthless .
It forces your creditors to wait in line rather than letting them demand everything back the next morning .
It slows everything down .
Rather than a bank run , you now have a bank walk .
It 's not painless , but neither is it chaos .
That 's how it goes in theory , at least .
In reality , there are at least a couple of problems .
The first is that resolution works better if you do it fairly early in the process .
If you give the firm time to fail , and then give it time to try and save itself by making riskier and riskier bets ( this happened with Washington Mutual ) , the end result is worse :
The financial hole is deeper , and the market is nearer to crisis .
But it 's the rare group of regulators who will confidently declare a firm failed before the firm and the market agree that it 's already gone .
But if you wait until everyone agrees the firm is dead , you 're already in a bank run .
The second problem is complexity .
It 's difficult to take apart an intricate , multinational megabank .
Defusing a bomb is hard .
Defusing a nuclear warhead in mid-flight is a lot harder .
One of the ideas to counter this is to force big firms to create " funeral plans , " which will literally be plans that show how to take them apart if the firm fails .
This is a smart idea , and since regulators will have to approve the plan , the firms can't totally blow it off .
But it 's hard to believe that they 'll produce anything that could operate as more than a rough guide in the event of a failure .
It 'll be like Ikea instructions : Useful if you already know what you 're doing , but you would n't want to build a house based on them .
That 's the nature of the enterprise , though .
Even with resolution authority in place , the failure of a major bank is going to be a major problem .
" You can't idiot - proof this , " says Date .
" If you want to idiot - proof it , you should n't have trillion - dollar banks operating in 35 different countries . "
Photo credit : Chris Hondros / Getty .
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - The United States has released $ 656 million to Pakistan for some of the costs incurred last year in military operations against Taliban militants , a U.S. embassy spokesman said on Tuesday .
The funds are part of a program called the coalition support fund ( CSF ) , a U.S. program used to reimburse countries that have incurred costs in supporting counter - terrorist and counter - insurgency operations .
Pakistan , a vital ally for the United States as it struggles to stabilize Afghanistan and end the global threat posed by al Qaeda and its allies , has been heavily burdened by the cost of battling Taliban insurgents along its Afghan border .
The Taliban in Pakistan said it planted a bomb in New York ’s Times Square at the weekend to avenge the killing in April of al Qaeda ’s two top leaders in Iraq as well as U.S. interference in Muslim countries .
Pakistan vowed on Tuesday to help the United States bring to justice a Pakistani - American arrested in connection with the failed attack .
Of the latest CSF amount released , $ 188 million was transferred last week and another $ 468 million on Monday , said embassy spokesman Richard Snelsire .
“ We are going through other receipts , other claims for the calendar year 2009 , and we are working to release those , ” Snelsire said .
As a result of its increased military operations , the Pakistan military submitted $ 2.1 billion in claims on the support fund for 2009 , said another U.S. embassy official , who declined to be identified .
“ We are processing those claims with the aim of getting as much reimbursed by the end of the government ’s fiscal year as we can , ” he said , referring to the financial year ending on June 30 .
The United States has reimbursed Pakistan about $ 7.2 billion under the CSF program since 2001 , the embassy said in a statement , adding that other U.S. civilian and security aid to Pakistan was worth more than $ 4 billion in the last three years .
Nuclear - armed Pakistan says the war on militancy had cost it $ 35 billion in the last eight years .
MARKET BOOST
Early this year , Pakistan complained that the United States was behind on its CSF payments to the tune of about $ 2 billion .
The United States said there had been some delays for administrative reasons .
The last CSF payments Washington had delivered before the one announced on Tuesday had been in January , and included a $ 349 million reimbursement for all validated claims for the year 2008 , the U.S. embassy said .
Pakistan has been struggling to get its economy on track since 2008 when the government agreed to an International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) loan of $ 7.6 billion .
The loan was increased to $ 11.3 billion in July last year .
The IMF board is expected to meet in mid-May to consider the next tranche of the $ 11.3 billion loan .
The fifth installment is worth about $ 1.2 billion .
The IMF has been pressing Pakistan to increase electricity tariffs and implement a value - added tax .
Pakistan ’s central bank said on Tuesday it had received the $ 188 million on April 30 .
Pakistan 's financial markets were boosted by the news of the U.S. funds with the Karachi Stock Exchange 's benchmark 100 - share index .
KSE rising 0.75 percent , or 78.30 points , to end at 10,467.76 on turnover of 126.66 million shares .
“ The market witnessed a healthier session today because of inflows from coalition support fund which acted as a catalyst in improving market sentiment , ” said Furqan Punjani , an analyst at Topline Securities Ltd .
The rupee firmed early but later eased on import payments and ended almost flat at 84.06/11 to the dollar compared with Monday ’s close of 84.05/10 .
The rupee has firmed 0.42 percent this year after losing 6.17 percent in 2009 and a 22.12 percent slide in 2008 .
( Additional reporting by Sahar Ahmed ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
AMERICA ’S long - run fiscal outlook is bleak , mostly because of an aging population and rising health care costs .
To close the gap between expenditures and revenue , we ’ll likely see a combination of revenue increases and spending cuts .
And we ’ll need to focus especially on reducing spending , largely because that taxes on the wealthy can be raised only so high .
Consider the tax burden on high earners once the Bush administration ’s tax cuts expire next year .
Add up the federal , state , city and sales taxes for a lawyer in New York City who earns $ 300,000 a year .
Depending on the circumstances , this individual could be facing marginal tax rates in the range of 60 percent .
Higher income tax rates would discourage hard work and encourage tax avoidance , thereby defeating the purpose of the tax increases .
The most potent way to add revenue is to impose a value - added tax .
As its name indicates , a V.A.T. takes some percentage of the value added at each stage of production .
V.A.T.’s raise money so readily and so invisibly that they often climb to a range of 15 to 20 percent ; politicians like the revenue , and voters do n’t always notice the burden .
A move toward a V.A.T. , however , also brings price inflation , a big increase in the tax - collecting bureaucracy and the emergence of favored sectors with exemptions or lower rates .
Though we may well end up with a V.A.T. , it is n’t obviously the best option .
Peacefullbuddah said :
I recently saw this show called " American Drug War " , which was an anti-prohibition documentary .
P.S. This actually was a very eye - opening documentary , I hope that a lot of non-smokers get to see it .
Click to expand ...
First , a heartfelt thanks to the small number of devoted publishing houses like Dover , Universe at Rizzoli , and the New York Review Classics , who have undertaken the laudable project of reissuing classic out - of - print children ’s books .
Their diligence matters , because , while used copies of originals may be searched online , the reprinting of classics resuscitates and revitalizes them , recalls them to mind , and , most importantly , brings them to the attention of an entirely new generation of parents and children .
It also compels us to revise our assessment of them .
All this occurred to me as — with a fascinated seven - year - old boy at my elbow — I pored over the refurbished pages of Struwwelpeter ( reissued by Dover ) , one of the most controversial , influential , and excoriated children ’s books of all time .
It was written and illustrated in 1844 by Heinrich Hoffmann , a Frankfurt medical doctor .
Subsequently translated into more than one hundred languages , the book has been parodied , mocked , revised , adapted to multiple mediums ( including a so - called “ junk opera ” that debuted in London in 1998 ) , and condemned for its alleged sadism , didacticism , and supposed advocacy of blind obedience .
It is a book that adults love to hate and that children find enthralling .
Humorous , whimsical , outrageous , and bursting with wild exaggeration as well as with an undeniable and notorious streak of terror , Struwwelpeter is in truth a delight .
It grips child readers and teaches them not only about the baleful consequences of misbehavior , but also about the subtle lesson that art is made up of powerful contradictory feelings and ideas : that art and literature can be both grim and funny , frightening and cheerful , momentous and banal — like myths and legends and fairy tales .
Shunned perennially for its sometimes brutal punishment of children , Struwwelpeter was never intended to be fearsome .
It was meant to be merry and droll , an antidote to the pedantic books for children that were typical of its time .
Published under the title “ Humorous Stories and Funny Pictures with 15 Beautifully Colored Panels for Children from 3 to 6 ” ( Lustige Geschichten und drollige Bilder mit 15 schön kolorierten Tafeln für Kinder von 3 - 6 Jahren ) , it reaches out ( “ See ! Now look … ” ) to draw us in .
Felicitously joining its comically painted pictures with rhymed couplets composed into the briefest of tales on cleverly designed pages , Hoffmann ’s art causes us to smile , to tremble , and to laugh ( albeit with a mirth born from fear ) .
Thus , by subjecting us to a gamut of emotions , he offers learning under stress and fixes his work the more tenaciously in our minds , thus ensuring our lasting retention .
In one famous episode , a girl named Harriet ( Paulinchen in the original version ) curiously and recklessly strikes a match .
Children , of course , know the lure and the trepidation of fire .
Mesmerized , we watch as her ribbons , her bright green dress , and her hair go up in flames .
Red and yellow burst startlingly from her person , smoke billows in clouds around her , and we witness that she has fizzled at last into a pile of ash , leaving only her dainty red shoes behind .
To mitigate the dread of all this , and for comic relief , Hoffmann supplies two pussycats at the bottom of the page , their tails tied with the child ’s no longer needed ribbons .
Into ample pleated linen handkerchiefs , these cats weep copious feline tears at the demise of their ill - fated mistress .
Thus , with tragic drama and ribald comedy conjoined , the dangers of matches and fire sink in .
A moment later , we realize , looking up from the trance induced by all this , that Harriet is not really us , even though what happened to her could happen to us , and that children , after looking , hearing , and feeling their hearts pump faster , are invited now , calmly , to reflect .
Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will meet with a key centrist Republican on Monday on financial regulatory reform .
Geithner will meet Monday afternoon with Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsGOP senators pan debate : ' S --- show , ' ' awful , ' ' embarrassment ' Budowsky : Senate 's Trump Republicans on trial , in trouble Senate Democrats want to avoid Kavanaugh 2.0 MORE ( R - Maine ) to discuss regulatory reform , which is beginning to advance its way through the Senate .
Collins , who is not a member of the Senate Banking Committee , but who is the top Republican on the Appropriations committee 's subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government , has been a target of Democratic overtures on financial reform .
ADVERTISEMENT
She was among the three Republican senators , though , who Sen. Jack Reed John ( Jack ) Francis ReedOvernight Defense : Appeals court revives
House lawsuit against military funding for border wall |
Dems push for limits on transferring military gear to police | Lawmakers ask for IG probe into Pentagon 's use of COVID - 19 funds Democrats push to limit transfer of military - grade gear to police When ' Buy American ' and common sense collide MORE ( D - R.I. ) suggested might be willing to break party lines when it comes to regulatory reform , the top project for Senate Democrats at the moment .
Even if all 59 Senate Democrats support the bill , they 'll need to pick off at least one Republican in order to overcome objections to moving forward with the legislation .
Geithner 's meeting with Collins is one of the most high - profile examples of pressure beginning to amp up on those Republicans to win their support for the legislation .
As he circled the perimeter of the graveyard in Hessle , East Yorks . , Mr Taylor asked for his assistance from the police .
" I could n't believe what he said when I asked for help , " he said .
The Design of Design reviewed by Philip Greenspun ; April 2010 Site Home : Book Reviews : One Review
The Design of Design : Essays from a Computer Scientist is a new book by Frederick P. Brooks , Jr. , author of perhaps the only good book on software engineering , The Mythical Man-Month .
Educating Design Engineers
The best part of the book concerns the quality of university education for software engineers and the process of creating more good designers .
American universities are very consistent when it comes to admitting students with high IQs , collecting one hundred thousand or more dollars from each student , and giving nearly everyone who has occupied a chair for four years a bachelor 's degree .
What is inconsistent is the result of ths educational process .
A minority of people with engineering degrees are able to do engineering ; most are not .
In America most engineering designers spend most of their formal education in the classroom , or in the lab doing prescribed experiments , not doing designs to be critiqued .
The same is even more true of software engineers .
... we are misusing the most precious commodity in the education process : student time .
Brooks includes an 11 - page chapter on how individuals can improve their design proficiency , how employers can help young engineers develop , and how universities could improve ( probably the least useful part , since universities have no incentive to improve ! ) .
[ Note : I 've written on this subject myself in the following articles ...
Telecollaboration
The book includes an 8 - page chapter with some sensible advice about collaboration , e.g. , schedule initial and periodic face - to - face meetings .
Brooks talks about things that would make for better videoconferencing , such as better depth cues and higher resolution .
I found it odd that he did not mention any of the following : ( 1 ) video displays that can show participants life - size , ( 2 ) Google Documents , ( 3 ) various Web - based and / or Wiki - like collaboration systems .
Brooks provides no detailed examples of how telecollaboration works or does n't work and no guide to what sorts of documents are required .
I would have hoped for something at least as detailed as my software design review process , but it is n't here .
The rest
The bulk of the book alternates between the very general , e.g. , " What is Design ? " , and the very specific , e.g. , " What were the requirements for the Brooks family beach house in North Carolina ? "
Neither of these are very useful for the working software engineer .
Once you 've learned what design is , what exactly should be done differently ?
The house in North Carolina sounds as though it worked out well , but what if you can't afford beachfront property ?
Of what value is learning about the house design ?
Is it possible to write a great book about design in the abstract ?
Let 's consider some of the greatest achievements in this area .
Edward Tufte 's books are generally considered the best things ever written on information design .
Sometimes he gives specific advice on how to build certain kinds of systems , e.g. , bar charts or Web - like computer - human interactions .
But mostly Tufte selects examples of great design or finds terrible designs and shows how to improve them .
The reader is forced to synthesize his or her own general principles , if indeed it is possible to find any across such a broad range of challenges .
A Pattern Language is 1171 pages of fairly small type and does not try to cover all design processes or fields .
It presents one design challenge or design idea at a time and explains it .
Again , if a grand synthesis is possible the reader is forced to undertake it for him or herself .
Conclusion
The Design of Design : Essays from a Computer Scientist does not add a lot to The Mythical Man-Month .
On a Kindle
This book contains a fair number of figures and the reader may wish to skip / skim some chapters as well as flip back and forth .
I think this book will work better in hardcopy than on an electronic reader .
philg@mit.edu
Bumble Bee Foods , which has owned the plant here since 2004 , attributed the closing to federal regulations that have reduced the amount of Atlantic herring , sardines before processing , that can be hauled from the sea .
( Although Bumble Bee is the owner , the cannery is still known as the Stinson plant , after the founding family . )
Image Maine was once a hub of the sardine business , with more than 50 canneries .
Credit ... David Conover for The New York Times
Maine was once a frenetic hub of the sardine business , starting in the 1870s .
The industry reached its peak in the early 1950s , when it employed thousands of workers at more than 50 canneries .
This plant , identifiable by its giant slicker - clad seafarer holding a tin of Beach Cliff sardines , is by far the biggest employer in this pocket of peninsulas more than halfway up the coastline .
When its doors close , 128 people will lose their jobs , and the ripple will be felt throughout the local economy .
Unemployment in Hancock County , where the plant is located , was above 12 percent in January , already higher than the state average .
State officials have tried to lure other companies to buy the factory , and Gov. John Baldacci , a Democrat , has said he was optimistic that a buyer would be found and that some workers would be rehired .
But many are still anxious about their futures .
“ Everybody here is in limbo , ” said Peter Colson , the plant manager , who has worked here for 38 years .
While the state is offering to help workers learn another trade and is making it easier to sign up for unemployment , he said that many would not accept an unemployment check — himself among them .
“ I ’ve never been unemployed since I was old enough to walk , ” he said .
Water
In the Middle East Conflict
Water
In the Middle East Conflict
A. Issar : Water as a Parable
A. Issar - Water - Their Well - Being is also Ours
A. Issar - Water -
The past is the key to the future
S. Libiszewsky - Water Disputes in the Jordan Basin Region and their Role in the Resolution of the ‎ Arab - Israeli Conflict ( 2 MB PDF )
Water Resources of the West Bank
MidEastWeb is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting peace and coexistence in the Middle East .
We provide balanced and complete information , news and views to promote understanding and dialog .
We can not continue without your help !
If peace in the Middle East is important to you , please help us by making a tax - deductible donation .
If you do n't help us , who will ?
Thank you !
Bibliography - Water and Environmental issues in the Middle East
Water is a cardinal issue in the Middle East .
Any year there is a drought , it makes headlines .
Otherwise , it is always there , lurking in the background , behind the religious and nationalist slogans and rhetoric .
A 1995 ENCOP survey by Stephan Libiszewski documented the distribution of water resources in the Jordan River Basin : Israel , Palestine and neighboring countries .
There is not much water , and what there is , is claimed by all countries .
You can download the entire ENCOP survey - Click Here . ( About 2 MB ! )
The map below ( left ) , taken from the survey , show that Israel , Jordan , Palestine Syria and Lebanon share the waters of the Jordan River and its source tributaries .
Attempts to use the water for different projects by different countries have resulted in constant friction .
The dispute between Israel and Jordan was settled in the peace agreements , which provide for supply of water by Israel to Jordan , and joint development of water resources .
Israel pumps water from the Sea of Galilee through its Movil Artzi water carrier to be used for irrigation of the Negev and other areas .
The map below at right , likewise from the survey , shows that Israel uses underground water sources in the West Bank , which are the main sources of water for the Tel Aviv metropolitan area for example .
( See also Water Resources of the West Bank
Jordan River Basin - Libiszewski , 1995
Copyright ENCOP - Reproduced by permission West Bank Aquifers - Libiszewski , 1995
Copyright ENCOP - Reproduced by permission
The water crisis is not confined , however to Israel , Palestine and Jordan .
Most Mid-Eastern countries suffer from a shortage , and the scarcity of water is used as a political issue and a lever .
Adel Darwish reviews some of the different water crises in the Middle East at http://mideastnews.com/water.htm, and shows how they could lead to a war or wars in the near future .
A dispassionate analysis of the water issue and its treatment might yield some surprising conclusions .
The first conclusion is that there has almost always been a water crisis in the Middle East .
Population growth always expanded to the limits of the scarcest available resource , which was usually water .
Existing settlements throughout history .
were also threatened by climactic changes .
The problem was met successfully by ingenuity and adaptation .
The Egyptians and Sumerians built elaborate irrigation systems based on the waters of the Nile and the Tigris - Euphrates .
These required planning , central administration and cooperation - this need may have been the major stimulus for the advancement of civilization .
Later , the Nabateans who inhabited southern Israel and Jordan , built a great network of cisterns and underground reservoirs to catch rainfall and runoff from flash floods in the Negev desert .
The desert city of Petra is an example of what this civilization achieved .
The second conclusion is that whenever other conditions permitted , the water supply has always expanded to meet population requirements .
Throughout the period of the British Mandate , experts were convinced that the land between the Jordan and the sea could not comfortably support any great population increase .
As the population increased , the standard of living went up however .
This did not prevent the experts from issuing increasingly dire predictions that Palestine would run out of arable land and of water .
The same pattern of doomsaying continues today of course .
The 1946 Anglo - American Survey of Palestine concluded quite self - assuredly that well water would remain the basis of water supply in Palestine , and that irrigation schemes based on pumping water from the Jordan were impractical and costly .
They were wrong of course .
Now the doomsayers tell us that there are other insuperable obstacles in the way of increasing the water supply .
Though the current aridity of the Middle East is no doubt due in part to changes in climate , still , the development of water resources has somehow sufficed - at least barely - until now , to support population growth .
The area of Palestine now supports over 9 million persons , more than it ever did in history , and at a higher standard of living than ever before .
The third conclusion is that feasible peaceful solutions to the water problem are at hand , but political considerations and lack of investment capital prevent their implementation .
Desalination programs or import of water from neighbors such as Turkey would cost a small fraction of the Gross National Product of Israel , as argued by Arie Issar .
Below is a graph of current water resources and water use ( From Issar , 2000 ) .
In Israel and Palestine and in Jordan , as well as in Egypt , water demand is as great as supply .
Turkey , Syria , Lebanon and Iraq have a supply that considerably exceeds demand .
Nonetheless , Syria for example , has a water shortage in the areas where water is needed .
The water is there , but it is in the wrong place , and moving it is not feasible without investment .
Turkey cannot sell water easily to Israel , because the pipes would have to go through Syria .
An integrated regional water plan , made possible by regional peace , would solve the problem with a system of water carriers , desalination and pumping stations , constructed in stages , as shown below and as discussed by I ssar , 2000 .
The most important conclusion perhaps , is that water is a parable for all the problems of the Middle East conflicts .
It is a political problem more than an objective resource problem .
If there is a water war , it will not be the water that caused the war , but rather a war that was in search of an issue , and found water .
The technical solutions exist , if only our hearts would accept them !
Ami Isseroff
Rehovot
Israel
Additional Water Resources : Bibliography - Water and Environmental issues in the Middle East
If you like what you see here
Please click here to tell your friends about this Web Site
Bibliography of the Israel / Palestine Conflict , and History of Palestine / Israel .
Subscribe to the MidEastWeb Newsletter Learn More
Subscribe to the MEW e-dialog list Learn More
Subscribe to MideastWeb News e-news Service Learn More
Copyright 1999 - 2002 , MidEastWeb for Coexistence RA .
Please tell your friends about MidEastWeb .
Please forward these materials in e-mails to friends and link to this URL - http://www.mideastweb.org.
You can print out materials for your own use or classroom use , giving the URL of MidEastWeb .
Printed material should bear this notice :
Copyright by MidEastWeb for Coexistence R.A.
All rights Reserved .
Published at http://www.mideastweb.org "
Reproduction in any other form - by permission only .
Please do not copy materials from this Web site to your Web site .
Middle East Gateway
Introduction
Today , April 3rd , 2010 is bugday again .
If you did n't know what bugs to work on last month — not this time !.
A few developers have taken the time to mark 117 bugs as candidates for bugday using the bugday flag in Bugzilla — thank you !
Below is what they marked , presented from three different points of view .
Please keep in mind that for now the tables below are static snapshots , live stats may be ready next month : consider this as a preview .
You can always get a Bugzilla - style live listing from http://tinyurl.com/bugday-candidates, though .
Thanks for taking part in bugday !
Bugs to start with :
Bugs by class
Bugs by package
Bugs by herd
PS : Yes , the code which generated this report is available .
do quasars break the laws of physics ?
Something is wrong in the data we get when we measure distances to far away quasars to see how fast the universe is expanding .
Today , it ’s pretty much common knowledge that time does n’t behave the same way across space .
The shape of the space - time fabric around massive objects like stars and planets actually slows its passage , and since the universe is constantly expanding , events seem to unfold slower the farther back in time we look relative to our planet ’s position in the cosmos .
For example , a distant supernova with roughly the same power output as their more recent counterparts will fade slower , and this phenomenon allows cosmologists to measure just how fast our universe is inflating .
But when it comes to measuring the time dilation in primeval quasars , the typically reliable physics governing time dilation seem to break down according to astronomer Mike Hawkins .
Quasars are galaxies with active , feeding black holes spewing out light and beams of radiation , and because the supermassive black holes at their hearts are messy eaters which light up when the galaxy is young or in the middle of a massive collision , we usually have to look very far back in space and time to see them .
That ’s what we ’ve been doing for decades , keeping detailed records along the way .
And those records attracted Mike Hawkins ’ attention because data on about 900 quasars gathered between 50 days and 28 years prior does n’t seem to show the effects of time dilation .
Whether the quasar was 6 billion or 10 billion light years away , their redshift samples were the same in sharp contrast to what one would expect .
So what ’s going on ?
Is this proof that maybe Einstein got it wrong and general relativity does n’t work when it comes to explaining the behaviors of very large , very luminous , distant objects ?
Well , no , not quite .
Hawkins provided a few explanations for what we ’re seeing and why without taking a shot at Professor Einstein …
Black holes large enough to sway the rotation of entire galaxies bend time and space around them , sending out gravitational waves and quite possibly creating small gravitational lenses which alter how we perceive the redshift from distant galaxies .
If most of the quasars in question are creating these small gravitational lenses , we would n’t expect to see pronounced effects of time dilation in the light coming from them .
No need to try and overturn general relativity when light being bent by the black holes ’ powerful tidal forces could account for what Hawkins found in his survey .
Another , far less exotic explanation , is the possibility of errors in the original data , something that could be checked with a deeper look at quasars located in the same 6 and 10 billion light year ranges .
Though if we ’re not seeing the bizarre cosmic effects of supermassive black holes in quasars or bad data , we may need to review whether the modern Big Bang theory may be wrong , even though these quasars would directly conflict with volumes of evidence from huge supernova and GRB surveys which offered a strong confirmation for our existing theories and uncovered a number of cosmological surprises …
See : Hawkins , M. ( 2010 ) .
On time dilation in quasar light curves Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society DOI : 10.1111/j.1365–2966.2010.16581.x
As if Curb Your Enthusiasm quotes were n't classically neurotic enough , just imagine what they 'll be with Jerry , George , Elaine and Kramer guest starring .
The Seinfeld foursome - also known as Jerry Seinfeld , Jason Alexander , Julia Louis - Dreyfus and Michael Richards – are coming to Curb Your Enthusiasm , which stars Seinfeld co-creator Larry David and kicks off its new season September 20 .
How was it slipping back into character for the cast of the NBC comedy that ended its run back in 1998 after becoming one of the most successful shows in history ?
" I said to Jerry and Julia , ' I do n't know if I can be George .
I just have n't tried him on in a while , ' " Alexander said .
" And it was freaky how it came right back out . "
Michael Richards found the Curb / Seinfeld reunion pretty easy , too :
" I always kept Kramer 's shoes , " the zany actor said .
" And once I got those shoes back on , and I 'm standing behind the door of Jerry 's apartment , I was ready . "
One thing that 's missing , however ?
The front door .
No , seriously .
The original Seinfeld set is kept in a warehouse – including the backdrops for Jerry 's apartment and Monk 's coffee shop – but the front door to the " apartment " is no longer there .
Jerry Seinfeld took it home as a souvenir .
Steve Marsi is the Managing Editor of TV Fanatic .
Follow him on Google + or email him here .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 2 , 2010
Anti-patriot propaganda has reached a fevered pitch in the corporate media .
In the MSNBC segment below , Contessa Brewer interviews Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Brewer prefaces her interview with Potok — who is now a fixture of the ongoing propaganda campaign — by stating that opposition to the government is “ fueled in part by anger over the troubled economy , ” the fact Obama is African - American , and “ immigration issues ” ( in other words , illegal aliens streaming across the border ) .
Brewer ’s subtext ( undoubtedly written for her and read from a teleprompter ) is that people upset with the government are a bunch of racists .
Of course , if she was a real reporter instead of an info babe put before the camera because she is attractive and can read a teleprompter , she just might elaborate on this and say people are upset with the government because it is increasingly authoritarian and violates the Constitution and the Bill of Rights on multiple fronts — from Obamacare at gunpoint to illegal wars and the pervasive surveillance grid intruding upon our lives .
Dead - pan Potok is amazed at the “ scope ” of the growth of groups on the “ radical right ” ( that is to say anybody who is not a Republican neocon or Democrat ) .
Potok conflates the patriot movement with the “ militias from the 1990s ” ( does he mean the government created militia at Elohim City , including the government agent Timothy McVeigh , or the militia operatives dispatched by the Southern Poverty Law Center and the FBI ? ) .
Potok says 363 new “ radical right ” groups have formed in the last year .
Is it possible these new groups include those created by the Republican compromised Tea Party movement ?
Potok does not say .
Potok tells Ms. Brewer patriot groups see the federal government as their primary enemy and believe “ the government is involved in all kinds of nefarious plots to bring us into the New World Order , so called and so on . ”
So called by Henry Kissinger , Gordon Brown , Bush Senior , and no shortage of economists and assorted establishment politicos over the last one hundred years or so .
( and so on ) .
Patriot groups , Potok insists , are responsible for criminal violence .
He then effortlessly connects Joe Stack to the patriot movement , but for some reason neglects to mention that Stack ’s alleged manifesto referenced communism , hardly considered a “ radical right ” philosophy .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In addition , Potok says the widely held belief that the income tax is unconstitutional has “ raised a lot of havoc ” ( and so did strapping British tax collectors to Liberty Poles in the 1770s by American revolutionaries ) .
Ms. Brewer then says the attack on the IRS building in Austin was similar to the attack on the federal building in Oklahoma City .
She may be right — evidence indicates the latter attack was staged by the government and it may eventually come out that Stack ’s attack was too .
Ms. Brewer would not report this in a month of Sundays , not if she values her career .
Potok concludes by stating his concern that “ hate groups ” ( the ticker below him exclaims ) may engage in violence , mostly because there is a black man in the White House and the “ demographic change ” in the country .
He stops short of demanding anybody who believes in less government and adherence to the Constitution should be rounded up and thrown in a re-education camp .
It seems Potok and Brewer were reading from the Department of Homeland Security ’s “ rightwing ” extremism report because their conversation came off like a carbon copy of the now infamous report ( especially Potok ’s assertion that patriot groups hate Obama because of his skin pigmentation ) .
It is indeed surreal that such nonsense about violence should be aired on a network that is jointly owned by a corporation founded by a eugenicist ( Bill Gates , the former CEO of Microsoft ) and the notorious death merchant General Electric ( manufacturer of military aircraft , tankers , helicopters , surveillance aircraft and bombers used most recently to subdue recalcitrant Muslims ) .
I mean , talk about a hate group .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I 've heard that Ghandi said that he could n't become a Christian because of all of the Christians he saw who were nothing like Jesus in the Scriptures .
Maybe he was a " good " man by this world 's standards but with an attitude like that I wonder if this parable Jesus gave pertains to him .
Luke 18:9 Also
He spoke this parable to some who trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and despised others : 10 " Two men went up to the temple to pray , one a Pharisee and the other a tax collector .
11 The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself , ' God , I thank You that I am not like other men-- extortioners , unjust , adulterers , or even as this tax collector .
12 I fast twice a week ; I give tithes of all that I possess . '
13
And the tax collector , standing afar off , would not so much as raise his eyes to heaven , but beat his breast , saying , ' God , be merciful to me a sinner ! '
14 I tell you , this man went down to his house justified rather than the other ; for everyone who exalts himself will be humbled , and he who humbles himself will be exalted . "
Busting frame busting :
a study of clickjacking vulnerabilities at popular sites
Web framing attacks such as clickjacking use iframes to hijack a user 's web session .
The most common defense , called frame busting , prevents a site from functioning when loaded inside a frame .
We study frame busting practices for the Alexa Top - 500 sites and show that all can be circumvented in one way or another .
Some circumventions are browser - specific while others work across browsers .
We conclude with recommendations for proper frame busting .
A research question : this page contains our proposed Javascript frame busting code .
This code resists the attacks in the paper , but we cannot guarantee that the page cannot be framed .
If you are able to write HTML that frames this page , please send us a link .
See also related discussion .
Framing Attacks on Smart Phones
While many popular web sites on the Internet use frame busting to defend against clickjacking , very few mobile sites use frame busting .
Similarly , few embedded web sites such as those used on home routers use frame bust - ing .
In this paper we show that framing attacks on mobile sites and home routers can have devastating effects .
We develop a new attack called tap - jacking that uses features of mobile browsers to implement a strong clickjacking at - tack on phones .
Tap - jacking on a phone is more powerful than traditional clickjacking attacks on desktop browsers .
For home routers we show that framing attacks can result in theft of the wifi WPA secret key and a precise geo- localization of the wifi network .
Finally , we show that overlay - based frame busting , such as used by Facebook , can leak private user information .
The Magenn Power Air Rotor System ( MARS ) is an innovative lighter - than - air tethered device that rotates about a horizontal axis in response to wind , efficiently generating clean renewable electrical energy at a lower cost than all competing systems .
This electrical energy is transferred down the tether to a transformer at a ground station and then transferred to the electricity power grid .
Helium ( an inert non-reactive lighter than air gas ) sustains the Air Rotor which ascends to an altitude for best winds and its rotation also causes the Magnus effect .
This provides additional lift , keeps the device stabilized , keeps it positioned within a very controlled and restricted location , and causes it to pull up overhead rather than drift downwind on its tether .
All competing wind generators use bladed two - dimensional disk - like structures and rigid towers .
The Magenn Power Air Rotor system is a closed three - dimensional structure ( cylinder ) .
It offers high torque , low starting speeds , and superior overall efficiency thanks to its ability to deploy higher .
The closed structure allows Magenn Power to produce wind rotors from very small to very large sizes at a fraction of the cost of current wind generators .
The Magenn system concept is deployment - flexible .
Large MARS units may be deployed to supplement established grid systems supporting the electrical requirements of large urban areas .
Small MARS units would be deployed in emergency , as - needed , and / or mobile applications ( e.g. , pack version deployed by a hiker , motorist , boater , or for military and emergency response applications ) .
Various in - between sizes would be ideal for farms , houses and cottages located where grid power is nonexistent .
Small to medium sized systems could also be air - dropped into disaster areas for emergency electrical power for medical and all other uses .
The distinct advantages of the Magenn Air Rotor System design are as follows :
Magenn Air Rotor System is less expensive per unit of actual electrical energy output than competing wind power systems .
Magenn Power Air Rotor System will deliver time - averaged output much closer to its rated capacity than the capacity factor typical with conventional designs .
Magenn efficiency will be 40 to 50 percent .
This is hugely important , since doubling capacity factor cuts the cost of each delivered watt by half .
Wind farms can be placed closer to demand centers , reducing transmission line costs and transmission line loses .
Conventional wind generators are only operable in wind speeds between 3 meters / sec and 28 meters / sec .
Magenn Air Rotors are operable between 1 meter / sec and in excess of 28 meters / sec .
Magenn Air Rotors can be raised to higher altitudes , thus capitalizing on higher winds aloft .
Altitudes from 400 - ft to 1,000 - ft above ground level are possible , without having to build an expensive tower , or use a crane to perform maintenance .
Magenn Air Rotors are mobile and can be easily moved to different locations to correspond to changing wind patterns .
Mobility is also useful in emergency deployment and disaster relief situations .
These points are mutually inclusive .
The advantages above combine to make Magenn the most cost - effective wind electrical generation system .
The NSW Government has been heavily criticised for delaying protection to the iconic Murray redgum wetland forests .
The Australian Conservation Foundation has called on Federal ministers Peter Garrett and Penny Wong to intervene regarding the Millewa forests .
“ Legislation introduced by the NSW Government would see the healthiest half of the Millewa wetland forests logged intensively for the next five years and all of the Pericoota - Koondrook forests logged for the foreseeable future , ” said ACF Campaign Coordinator Lindsay Hesketh , “ Federal ministers Peter Garrett and Penny Wong need to make sure the NSW Government rethinks and strengthens this piece of legislation immediately . ”
The stunningly beautiful Barmah - Millewa forest is located between Echuca , Deniliquin and Tocumwal , covering an area of approximately 66,000ha .
It is the largest river red gum forest in the world .
It comprises of the Barmah Forest on the Victorian side of the river , protected by the Victorian Government in November 2009 , and the Millewa Forest on the New South Wales side .
Former NSW Premier Nathan Rees ’ ordered an independent regional assessment of the state ’s internationally renowned Red Gum wetland forests in July 2009 , available from the Natural Resources Commision .
Environment Minister Frank Sartor in an exercise in political spin and greenwash announced the NSW Government Approves Key NRC Recommendations ( PDF ) on March 2 , 2010 .
Barmah - Millewa is listed under the Ramsar Convention as a wetland of international importance .
The forest provides major breeding sites for waterbirds , including visiting migratory birds listed under international treaties with Japan ( JAMBA ) and China ( CAMBA ) such as the Glossy Ibis , Caspian Tern and Painted Snipe .
It also provides habitat and food sources for native fish , has diverse plant associations and supports rare and threatened plant species .
“ This legislation would turn the best part of the largest redgum wetland forests on Earth into low value wood products and firewood .
The NSW Government has thumbed its nose at the recommendations of its own independent expert committee which made strong recommendation around the protection of these precious forests . " said ACF Campaign Coordinator Lindsay Hesketh .
The legislation was introduced into the NSW parliament on April 10 , with environment groups calling it a triumph of spin over substance .
“ The Bill introduced into Parliament today fails the environment - allowing industrial logging to continue in almost 20,000 hectares of the magnificent and iconic Millewa forest ” said Ms Carmel Flint , spokesperson for the National Parks Association of NSW .
Peter Cooper , campaigner for The Wilderness Society said “ The so - called ‘ transition ’ logging in Millewa is a great big con that has been rejected outright by environment groups from around NSW and Australia .
The Red Gum Bill will destroy the habitat of threatened species like the Koala , Superb Parrot and Squirrel Glider , just so that cheap Red Gum firewood can be trucked to Melbourne .
The NSW Government has turned its back on the best scientific advice and is now undermining the
environmental recovery of the Murray - Darling Basin . "
Greens MP Ian Cohen said the legislation failed on jobs and environment .
" I can see the opportunities that will be lost if the Government does n’t rethink the situation to allow logging in Millewa and communicate with the Yorta Yorta .
The Traditional Owners have explained to me today that more logging in Millewa is a bad outcome for the River Country and also a bad outcome for their people . ”
The creation of the Barmah National Park in Victoria has already provided five new ranger positions to Yorta Yorta people .
Mr Neville Atkinson , chairperson of the Yorta Yorta Nation Aboriginal Corporation said “ The Yorta Yorta Traditional Owners want to work with the NSW Government to manage a world class National Park , that fully protects the Millewa forest , to explore and develop all the socio- economic opportunities that will provide for both the broader community and the state of NSW , ”
“ After more than 200 years of damage and destruction , Yorta Yorta say it is time right now to start the long path to recovery of the Murray River and its floodplain , not in five years time or ten years time .
I will be taking their views back to the Parliament ” Mr Cohen said .
The Murray Darling Basin Authority has announced that Millewa is one of the most important key indicator sites or environmental assets in the Murray Darling that it would aim to protect and restore through its water reform processes .
Sources :
Juventus earned a 1 - 0 win over Cagliari in Serie A to stay involved in the hunt for European places .
Defender Giorgio Chiellini scored the decisive goal in the first - half in a tight encounter with few chances .
Gianluigi Buffon made is long - awaited return to the line - up , along with centre - back Chiellini as both got the nod from the start .
There were a few less options in midfield , as Diego was injured and Mohamed Sissoko suspended .
Cagliari coach Massimiliano Allegri and a near full lineup available .
The first 10 minutes were devoid of chances for either side , but Cagliari took the initiative as a half - clearance by Fabio Cannavaro landed at the feet of Andrea Cossu , who struck the ball with the outside of his foot and hit the crossbar .
La Vecchia Signora were finding it difficult to create , but it was Mauro Camoranesi who looked the liveliest of the Juve midfield when his left foot strike forced Federico Marchetti to tip over the bar .
Cossu sent Alessandro Matri through on goal , but Buffon did well to cut down the angle and Cannavaro rushed back to make a fine clearance .
Cagliari would be made to rue missed chances on 36 minutes .
had stayed forward following a freekick and a long - ball was sent back in the area and flicked on by Amauri for the defender to head over the goalkeeper and into the net .
Juventus began to grow in confidence and after some intricate play Claudio Marchisio 's curling effort flew over the bar from the edge of area as the half came to a close .
The second - half started with Buffon showing quick reactions to leap off his line and claim the ball before Nene could pounce .
Somehow
Nene failed to equalize from less than six yards on the hour mark .
After a perfect cross by Alessandro Agostini , the Brazilian did not make proper contact and the ball slid wide to the relief of the home fans .
Substitute Andrea Lazzari had an immediate effect .
The playmaker stole the ball in midfield and sparked a counter , but Matri 's header was off target .
Camoranesi slipped past two defenders and played a perfect defense - splitting pass for Iaquinta , but his control was once again lacking on a lackluster afternoon for the striker .
Juventus had a goal disallowed with 20 minutes remaining .
A corner was mishandled by Marchetti and Chiellini directed the ball towards goal , but Iaquinta finished the move while in a clear offside position .
That was his last action of the match as he was replaced by Sebastian Giovinco .
A chipped ball into the area from a set - piece found the unmarked Biondini , but the angle was too tight for the midfielder to shoot on target and the chance went begging .
In the final stages , Giovinco had the chance to extend Juve 's lead , but was foiled by Marchetti .
The result means Juventus leap ahead of Napoli in the table and their Champions League aspirations remain intact .
Get all the latest Serie A news with Goal.com 's Italy page .
© Ed Stein
Instead of “ Drill , Baby Drill ” conservatives should be chanting “ Blow , Baby Blow ” .
Wind farms cost less to operate than coal or oil - fired plants , and as this comic points out it is difficult to imagine a major environmental catastrophe caused by a wind farm accident .
Early concerns about birds being killed by wind turbines have been largely mitigated by placing wind farms away from bird migration routes , and newer turbines that use larger , slower - turning blades that are easier for birds to avoid .
Besides , drilling for oil is at best a short - term solution , since we will run out eventually .
But the wind will never die .
Between wind and widespread use of low - cost solar panels , we have the technology to stop importing oil .
Do we have the will ?
UPDATE : Personally , I prefer more decentralized power generation .
I really like this article about Sam ’s Club and Walmart installing small wind turbines at their stores , in addition to solar installations and fuel cells .
Announcements :
As one of the world ’s largest scientific societies , the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) expresses its concern with the June 22 presidential proclamation .
Read more about the ACS statement here .
During 2019 , ACS was able to build on the momentum from 2018 , and to accelerate the rate of progress .
Read more about our 2019 achievements here ( PDF ) .
ACS is committed to protecting your personal information .
Our updated privacy policy reflects our efforts to comply with the new European General Data Protection Regulations which details what information we collect from you , how we use it , and what we do to safeguard it .
After nearly a year with two mapping platforms running in parallel , Google announced today that Google Maps V3 had graduated from Google Code Labs to become the primary maps API .
Previously the newer version was recommended for mobile applications , the original reason behind the platform rewrite .
With V3's graduation , V2 becomes deprecated , but will continue to work for now .
Upon the launch of V3 we wrote that it was " developed from the ground up as a modularized set of JavaScript libraries focused on improving load speed and performance . "
Embedded maps on mobile devices , such as iPhones and Android , were slower than sluggish , but V3 performed well .
Developers also noticed speed improvements on non-mobile devices and many have started using V3 over V2 , even before the official announcement .
Google has added new takes on V2 services to the V3 API , such as driving directions in November .
Recently , new features , like elevation data , have come to only V3 , which prompted us to write that Google " could either be signaling that V3 is the way forward or that elevation data is of more use to users on the go . "
The trend continued with Google adding a bicycling layer only to V3 .
Along with V3's graduation comes another feature from V2 : StreetView , the 360 degree photos available in many cities .
Instead of using a Flash player , the V3 implementation uses standard HTML .
Google said the reason for the move away from Flash is to support devices like the iPhone .
It 's been a good , long life for V2 , which was released over four years ago .
It 's hard to believe now , but at the time it did n't even have a geocoder to convert addresses to coordinates .
Still , during that period we saw most of the 1,964 map mashups built on Google Maps .
It is perennially the most popular type of mashup .
If you 're rewriting code to support V3 , you might consider taking the opportunity to use Mapstraction , an open source library that works with a dozen mapping APIs .
We wrote about the Mapstraction sandbox a year ago .
You can use Google Maps ( V2 and V3 ) via Mapstraction and easily switch to other providers .
It 's a useful way to plan ahead , because who knows how different Google Maps V4 will be .
Microsoft has publicly attacked Google Chrome , accusing its arch web rival of compromising user privacy with the browser 's data - gathering address bar .
In a video posted to Microsoft 's TechNet site and tagged with the title Google Chrome Steals Your Privacy , Internet Explorer product manager Pete LePage uses a web traffic logger to show Chrome sending data back to Google as he types a url into browser 's more - than - an - address - bar , dubbed Omni Box .
" As I start to type an address into the address bar , [ the traffic logger ] shows that for nearly every character I type , Google Chrome sends a request back to Google , " he says .
" I have n't even hit enter yet to visit the website and Google is already getting information about the domain and sites I 'm visiting .
Then , of course , he fires up IE 8 and uses the same traffic logger - the Fiddler web debugging proxy - to show that IE 8's address bar behaves quite differently .
" As I start to type an address into the address bar , Fiddler shows that nothing is sent to Microsoft and that traffic list remains empty until I hit enter , " LePage continues .
" Then Internet Explorer only pulls the information from the website I requested and nothing is shared with my search provider . "
Unlike Google , LePage says , Microsoft keeps the address bar completely separate from the search box .
After the video received some less than favorable press coverage , Microsoft has pulled it from TechNet .
But site search still turns up the original title and description - " Watch a demo on how Google Chrome collects every keystroke you make and how Internet Explorer 8 keeps your information private through two address bars and In Private browsing " - and you can also still see LePage take it to Chrome below ( naturally , it 's a Silverlight video ) .
Yes , Google Chrome combines address bar and search box into a single " Omni Box " where users can either enter urls or key in search terms , and yes , this means that by default , individual characters are sent back to Google before you actually visit a webpage .
Google uses this information to suggest urls and search terms , painting the setup as a user convenience .
But you can bet that first and foremost , it was designed to provide the company with additional data on the habits of web users - and funnel more web navigation through Google 's search engine .
The trouble is that the situation is a bit more complicated than LePage lets on .
After being hit with privacy complaints when Chrome first launched as a beta , Google now says it stores only a random two per cent of data keyed into the Omni Box and that it anonymizes this data after 24 hours .
Plus , if you choose to use someone other than Google as your default search provider , Chrome sends your Omni Box keystrokes to that provider instead .
And you can turn suggestions off .
Of course , we all know that most people just stick with the defaults .
And Google likes to play games with the word anonymize .
Though it has removed its video from TechNet , Microsoft at least stands by its position that IE 8 is a browser that puts privacy in the hands of the user .
" Browsing the web is the number one thing Windows customers do when they boot up their PCs - Microsoft believes people should be in control of all of the elements of how they want to browse , " the company tells us .
" Microsoft believes your browser is yours and that you should know how you ’re sharing information and how to opt - out of that experience .
With a billion customers using Windows , there are almost as many opinions about each individual ’s privacy online and we believe that Internet Explorer puts Windows customers in control of what and how they share their information . "
No mention of Chrome then .
What we would add is that however you judge Chrome 's effect on privacy , there 's another issue worth examining .
Omni
Box does n't just provide Google with more data .
It pushes users even further into an embrace of Google 's search engine and its accompanying search ads .
As Harvard professor and noted Google critic Ben Edelman points out , Omni Box has a way of nudging users towards ads for sites they intended to visit on their own .
When you begin to type a url , Omni Box does n't just suggest urls .
It suggests searches too .
If you key in the first few letters of " Expedia.com , " the first suggestion is " Search Google for expedia . "
And if you search Google for Expedia , you get an ad for Expedia.com .
" Omnibox makes it so easy to run a search and it makes it somewhat harder to run a direct navigation , " Edelman has told The Reg .
" Chrome is encouraging you to search .
That 's in Google 's interest .
But is that in your interest ?
Is it in the advertiser 's interest ? "
You might say that Microsoft 's video muddied the waters .
But it 's not the only one . ®
Is war just around the corner ?
While in theory it would make perfect sense to distract Americans from the long road to US insolvency , and other more pressing issues such as the endless criminality all around us , in practice we have so far heard merely rumors .
The Herald of Scotland , however , may have credible proof that a US - led attack on Iran approaches and could be just days away .
The newspaper has procured proof of an arms shipment to Diego Garcia , which consists of " of 195 smart , guided , Blu - 110 bombs and 192 massive 2000lb Blu - 117 bombs ... put in place for an assault on Iran ’s controversial nuclear facilities . "
Additional insight comes from Dan Plesch , director of the Centre for International Studies and Diplomacy at the University of London : “ They are gearing up totally for the destruction of Iran .
US bombers are ready today to destroy 10,000 targets in Iran in a few hours . "
Is war imminent ?
And will Obama repeat Bush 's mistake with Iraq , resulting in a huge spike in oil , coupled with a rush to safety in dollars and / or gold ?
If inflation will not start on its own , its has to be kindled : preferably by a Blu - 117 bomb .
Is the relatively long period of market stability and low volatility about to come to a sudden end ?
More from the Herald :
Hundreds of powerful US “ bunker - buster ” bombs are being shipped from California to the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean in preparation for a possible attack on Iran .
The Sunday Herald can reveal that the US government signed a contract in January to transport 10 ammunition containers to the island .
According to a cargo manifest from the US navy , this included 387 “ Blu ” bombs used for blasting hardened or underground structures .
Experts say that they are being put in place for an assault on Iran ’s controversial nuclear facilities .
There has long been speculation that the US military is preparing for such an attack , should diplomacy fail to persuade Iran not to make nuclear weapons .
Although Diego Garcia is part of the British Indian Ocean Territory , it is used by the US as a military base under an agreement made in 1971 .
The agreement led to 2,000 native islanders being forcibly evicted to the Seychelles and Mauritius .
The Sunday Herald reported in 2007 that stealth bomber hangers on the island were being equipped to take bunker - buster bombs .
And it gets worse , when one considers the eerie similarities with Operation Desert [ blank ] .
We all know how that whole fiasco ended .
Contract details for the shipment to Diego Garcia were posted on an international tenders ’ website by the US navy .
A shipping company based in Florida , Superior Maritime Services , will be paid $ 699,500 to carry many thousands of military items from Concord , California , to Diego Garcia .
Crucially , the cargo includes 195 smart , guided , Blu -110 bombs and 192 massive 2000lb Blu - 117 bombs .
“ They are gearing up totally for the destruction of Iran , ” said Dan Plesch , director of the Centre for International Studies and Diplomacy at the University of London , co-author of a recent study on US preparations for an attack on Iran .
“ US bombers are ready today to destroy 10,000 targets in Iran in a few hours , ” he added .
The preparations were being made by the US military , but it would be up to President Obama to make the final decision .
He may decide that it would be better for the US to act instead of Israel , Plesch argued .
“ The US is not publicising the scale of these preparations to deter Iran , tending to make confrontation more likely , ” he added .
“ The US ... is using its forces as part of an overall strategy of shaping Iran ’s actions . ”
According to Ian Davis , director of the new independent thinktank , Nato Watch , the shipment to Diego Garcia is a major concern .
“ We would urge the US to clarify its intentions for these weapons , and the Foreign Office to clarify its attitude to the use of Diego Garcia for an attack on Iran , ” he said .
For Alan Mackinnon , chair of Scottish CND , the revelation was “ extremely worrying ” .
He stated : “ It is clear that the US government continues to beat the drums of war over Iran , most recently in the statements of Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton .
“ It is depressingly similar to the rhetoric we heard prior to the war in Iraq in 2003 . ”
The British Ministry of Defence has said in the past that the US government would need permission to use Diego Garcia for offensive action .
It has already been used for strikes against Iraq during the 1991 and 2003 Gulf wars .
We are confident that the administration 's diplomatic core is wildly spinning in advance of a possible incursion , and fully expect that Tehran will be exposed as a poison nest full of dirty , smelly CDS speculators who have been controlling the spreads on global credits ever since the late 70's , about the time Iran ceased being a most favored nation ( forget that CDS did not come to the scene until the late 90's , at least Ollie North may get a cameo appearance as head CDS Novator ) .
At worst , the Administration will coin a new term for the incursion 's target , recycled appropriately from none other than the Oracle of Omaha : Weapons Of Mass CDS - based Destruction and Other Types of Mass Destruction that Speculators Do Good Too .
H/t fiatcurrency
Every now and then , there 's a bit of science that 's a combination of brute force and tour de force .
Examples that spring to mind mostly come from the world of small , manageable experimental animals , like the mapping of every single cell division of the worm C. elegans , a feat that won John Sulston a Nobel Prize .
A paper published in this week 's Nature takes a method pioneered with C. elegans and extends it to the human genome : researchers have knocked down every single identified human gene , and used an automated imaging system to examine the impact on cell division .
All of the 190,000 movies that resulted have been made publicly accessible .
The key to this work was the automation .
Researchers have been developing some sophisticated control software that can take time - lapse images using an automated microscope that doubles as a temperature - controlled incubation chamber .
The software can move the sample containers in order to image individual portions of them , allowing a plate containing dozens of samples to be imaged in a single experiment .
It can also autofocus and track individual cells as they move so that it can adjust the imaging frame accordingly .
These techniques can be combined with multiphoton microscopy , which allows fluorescent images to be obtained without damaging the cells via UV radiation .
The end result is a time - lapse movie that can span several days , with resolution that can range from single cells to entire embryos .
The new work combined some of this hardware with another automated system that " prints " culture plates with short interfering RNAs onto culture plates .
Once cells are added , the siRNAs enter cells , where they trigger a cellular system that reduces or eliminates the production of the protein encoded by the corresponding gene .
Other , similar systems have been described , so again , this is nothing especially novel .
To an extent , the novelty comes from the brute - force aspect of the work : the group prepared siRNAs for every single one of the roughly 21,000 genes we 're aware of in the human genome .
In fact , since the efficacy of siRNA is pretty variable , every single one of those genes was targeted at least twice .
The cells themselves were standard HeLa cells , a cancer cell line that divides rapidly in culture .
The cells carry a histone protein ( which normally coats its chromosomes ) fused with the green fluorescent protein , to enable the chromosomes to be imaged using the automated microscope .
They then trained a machine learning algorithm ( support vector machine , for the curious ) to identify situations where cell division has gone wrong .
These include situations like a failure to separate chromosomes , a cell ending up with more than one nucleus , dying cells , etc .
There 's lots of experimental noise in the process .
For example , the authors validated the effectiveness of the siRNA using 1,000 genes .
The average knockdown was 13 percent , but at least 3 percent of the genes that retained more than 30 percent of their normal expression .
The identification algorithm was accurate in 87 percent of the cases where human categorization of the movies was available , as well .
Still , over 1,000 genes came through the process , and about half of these passed some very stringent validation tests ( additional siRNAs and complementation by the mouse version of the gene ) .
The surprise was that less than half of these genes had previously been implicated in cell division , so the work seems to be generating some significant new information .
The authors were able to cluster the impacts of the siRNAs into a series of categories based on their timing and the process that was effected , such as chromosome separation or the physical process of creating two cells .
This is more important than it sounds , since the ability to group genes as being involved in a single process can help researchers identify which ones might be interacting with each other or part of a single complex .
Aside from the experimental noise , there seem to be two significant limitations to the current study .
For one , our decisions on what constitutes a " gene " are still in flux , given things like alternate start sites , differential splicing of transcripts , and so on .
In addition , carrying the study out in an extremely aggressive cancer cell will necessarily produce an odd picture of what 's involved in a normal cell division .
Still , because of the power of the technique , these issues are specific to this study , and can easily be overcome .
So , for example , because of the high - throughput automation , the researchers could switch to another cell line tomorrow and have results in reasonably short order — in fact , given the pace of putting a publication together and getting it through peer review , chances are that additional studies are already complete .
But that 's only a small taste of the potential for the approach .
For example , it would be easy to replace the siRNA with potential drugs , and perform high - throughput screening for potential chemotherapy agents .
Or label something else , and perform a similar screen looking for all the genes involved in a completely different cellular process , like protein export .
For those interested in following up on the work , the European Molecular Biology Laboratory is hosting the database of results , including all 190,000 movies , at the Mitocheck website .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08869 ( About DOIs ) .
Ever see the Japanese emoticons and wonder what they would look like in person ?
here is a little guide
See the rest at Juergen ’s blog
While with the Denver Broncos , Shanahan was among the few coaches interested in signing Owens after the Eagles released the receiver .
The two met and Shanahan was willing to offer him a contract .
But Shanahan was wary of Owens ' problems with his two previous teams and wanted to structure the deal with limited guaranteed money so that the team could financially control his behavior if necessary .
Shanahan considered it an enormous mistake when the Dallas Cowboys provided Owens with a contract that included significant upfront guaranteed money .
Owens has a history of toxic relationships with all of his former quarterbacks , and McNabb was a central figure in one of them , according to Owens ' 2006 autobiography , " TO . "
With the Eagles cruising along with a 10 - 1 record in 2004 , Owens became increasingly unhappy because McNabb refused to constantly feed him the ball , or simply misjudged where to throw the football -- depending on one 's interpretation of events .
On Nov. 28 , 2004 , at Giants Stadium , Owens finally said something to McNabb in the huddle after a play that was designed to go to Owens but resulted in a short incomplete pass to a running back , according to Owens ' book .
Owens wrote that he said , " I was open .
Dude , you missed me . "
McNabb 's reply , according to Owens , was " shut the [ bleep ] up . "
Owens wrote that he was deeply offended by what McNabb said .
" I felt like he had no right to talk to me that way , " Owens wrote .
" After what happened on the play and in the huddle , I began to think that maybe he did n't want a co-host and maybe he did n't like me getting more attention . "
From that point on , McNabb and Owens barely spoke to each other -- for the remainder of the 2004 season , throughout the playoffs while Owens was injured and in rehab for a broken leg , and in Jacksonville , Fla. , for Super Bowl XXXIX against the New England Patriots .
In spring 2005 , Owens refused to go to camp , demanding the Eagles redo his seven - year contract .
He lashed out at McNabb , primarily because the leader of the team refused to come to his aid for more cash .
Owens also told ESPN.com 's Len Pasquarelli , " I was n't the guy who got tired in the Super Bowl . "
After a summer of dysfunction , the 2005 season devolved into a divided locker room that culminated in a fight between Owens and retired defensive end Hugh Douglas , whom coach Andy Reid had just named " team ambassador . "
After the fight , on Nov. 7 , Reid sent Owens a letter outlining six charges against the receiver and sent Owens home for the remainder of the season .
Owens filed a grievance with the players ' union and the hearing was scheduled for Nov. 18 at the Marriott .
" [ Andy Reid ] ended the conversation by telling me to stay by the phone and he would call me back .
He called back about an hour later .
I do n't know who he spoke to , but somebody killed it . "
Linebacker Jeremiah Trotter was among those players who did not want to see Owens go .
Owens glances over this fact in the book , but anybody who was around the team then knows that there was deep resentment -- some of it not too hidden -- toward McNabb about the way he was treating Owens .
On that team , McNabb was viewed as an extension of Reid , in terms of management , and Trotter and many others had seen the callousness of the front office when it came to contract renegotiations .
During the Super Bowl in Detroit , McNabb claimed in an interview with ESPN 's Michael Smith that what Owens did to him amounted to " black - on - black " crime .
But McNabb said something else to Smith that may be far more telling about the dynamics within the Eagles ' locker room back then .
" It put something in the back of my mind that you really learn a lot about people when things are n't going good , " McNabb told Smith .
" Comments , answers to questions , reactions -- you learn about people .
I 'm not here to call players out .
They know who they are .
That nobody really came to my defense , that showed me something . "
Ed Werder is an ESPN NFL reporter .
ESPN reporter Sal Paolantonio and ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen contributed to this report .
So much for the idea that the economic rebound would see a return to strong pricing power .
Wal - Mart ( WMT ) , perhaps the most deflationary force in the history of our republic ( tied with the internet , perhaps ) , is set to cut prices on over 10,000 items , according to WSJ .
The news comes a day after a slew of retail sales that , on the surface , seemed to be showing gangbuster growth ( though there were a handful of reasons to temper your enthusiasm ) .
Of course , that wo n't stop analysts and the street from going insanely gaga for retail right now .
Here 's Bill Dreher of Deutsche Bank with what we think is the status quo right now on retail :
Our Broadline sales index increased + 8.3 % in March ( vs. - 4.6 % LY ) , well ahead of +6.1 %
consensus and our +6.8 % est .
March sales results managed to surpass lofty expectations
across all sub sectors of Broadline retailing , as top line strength was no longer limited to just
the discounters .
Merchandise mix also appeared to be very strong , led by the high margin category of apparel .
JCP was the only retailer to just meet consensus , with every other company reporting March
sales beats , as sales appeared to be sluggish in Penney ’s home category .
Basically , the
greater the percentage of apparel sales a retailer had , the stronger March comp results were ,
which drove particularly strong sales at the department stores , continuing a four month trend .
The department stores ’ + 12.5 % comp easily beat the +7.9 % consensus est and our +10.8 %
est .
The biggest outperformance came from KSS , JWN , SKS , and DDS .
As a standalone month , March ’s monthly result was the best performance since prior to the
start of the recession ( best sales since Nov 2007 ) .
March was also the seventh consecutive
month of sales increases , which will likely hold up even after we get the April results ( March
+ April ) to adjust for the shift of Easter sales into March of 2010 from April of 2009 ( which
would make eight consecutive months of sales increases ) .
We also believe that the fundamental strength of consumer spending ( as March built on the
success of February sales , in which our index rose + 3.4 % ) combined with historic high
temperatures throughout much of the Northeast since Easter , should help drive continued
sales momentum in April .
March results appear to signal the end of the consumer spending recession , as consumers
have returned to pay full price , and drive brisk sales , particularly in the first three weeks of the
month , even ahead of the Easter sales shift benefit .
Customer traffic into the stores appeared to be the critical catalyst , and we would expect this
fundamental core trend to continue , despite the April numbers to be seasonally weaker than
March due to the Easter shift ( by 400 bps to 800 bps , with TGT and JWN at the upper end of
that range ) .
CBS
News dug up this new photo of would - be car bomber Faisal Shahzad posing in Times Square with a bunch of people like a total suburban goober .
He fails at " Insouciant New York Cool , " as well as bomb - making . [ CBS ]
It ’s no secret that the cost of motor insurance is rising all the time .
A huge contributing factor to this is the large number of insurance scams that take place on the roads each and every year .
Usually known as “ crash for cash ” schemes – these types of scams are designed to make quick and easy money at the expense of another party ’s insurance provider .
The way insurance providers respond to these scams is by raising the price of insurance .
As unfair as this is , it ’s the only way that insurers can respond to an ever - growing problem .
These types of insurance scams not only affective individuals but also countless businesses that rely on the use of vehicles .
Fraudsters usually are n’t picky with which type of vehicles they target so the raising insurance rates are causing a big problem across the board .
Something that ’s not always discussed however , is that often insurance scams are carried out by employees within the company .
This is particularly troublesome for business owners and many are now taking steps in order to combat this problem .
Ways around the problem
Below are some ways that business owners are tackling the problem of rising insurance rates due to crash for cash schemes .
Fleet insurance – Getting a fleet policy does n’t directly tackle the problem of insurance scams but it does provide a way for businesses with multiple vehicles to save money on insurance .
Fleet policies are typically cheaper than insuring separately so it ’s definitely worth looking into .
Getting a fleet policy does n’t directly tackle the problem of insurance scams but it does provide a way for businesses with multiple vehicles to save money on insurance .
Fleet policies are typically cheaper than insuring separately so it ’s definitely worth looking into .
Background checks – A lot of companies are now carrying out extensive background checks on anyone who applies to work with them .
This includes their insurance history and previous claims .
This is one of the better ways to weed out any potential fraudsters .
A lot of companies are now carrying out extensive background checks on anyone who applies to work with them .
This includes their insurance history and previous claims .
This is one of the better ways to weed out any potential fraudsters .
Dash cams –
There are also a growing number of businesses installing dash cams in their vehicles .
Dash cams provide invaluable video evidence that can often prove who is at fault for a collision .
An increasing number of insurance providers are now accepting dash cam footage in order to settle claims .
Getting fleet insurance at a competitive rate
If you do decide to get a fleet insurance policy for your business , then you ’ll want to take any steps possible to keep the cost to a minimum .
Below are some excellent ways to do this .
Date 24th Jan 2020
Today we launch our new short film , PIE NET ZERO
When firebrand TV reporter Jonathan
Pie gets a gig presenting eco-filmmaker Franny Armstrong ’s new documentary about climate change he thinks he ’s in for a jolly couple of days by the seaside
Website : pienetzero.com
Twitter : @frannyarmstrong
Insta : franny_armstrong
Facebook : frannyarmstrong
Jonathan Pie : YouTube ( 56 million views ! )
PIE NET ZERO is a taster of a much bigger idea .
An idea so big , in fact , that should we succeed in pulling it off , I plan to spend the rest of my life working on it .
Lordy .
WikiLeaks obtained and , today , released footage filmed from a helicopter cockpit showing a missile strike and shooting on a crowded square in New Baghdad , Iraq in July 2007 where 12 civilians — with a Reuters photographer and his driver — were slain ( 2:23 ) :
Julian Assange , editor and co-founder of WikiLeaks , confirms the authenticity of the video at Al Jazeera English ( 6:28 ) :
WikiLeaks , a website that posts materials provided by whistleblowers , has released a classified U.S. military video depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen non-hostile people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad — including two members of Reuters news staff .
Reuters filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) suit against the U.S. military to release this video in July 2008 of the 2007 gunning down of one of its photographers , Namir Noor - Eldeen , 22 , and his driver Saeed Chmagh , 40 , from the sky .
“ The video , shot from an Apache helicopter gun-site , clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers , ” WikiLeaks reports .
A van with unarmed civilians and two children stopped to help Saeed Chmagh , who was laying on the side of the road — wounded , but moving .
The soldiers in the helicopter are not assessing threats , but verbally expressing their will for reason to kill him with the comment , “ Come on , buddy .
All you gotta do is pick up a weapon . ”
The van was this reason .
More died .
As troops approach on the ground , the tanks rolled over the bodies .
The soldiers get a chuckle out of this and two children — Sayad and Doaha , 10 and 5 - years - old at the time — are found in the van , wounded .
Their father , Saleh Matasher Tomal , 43 , was killed in the attack .
Anhlam Abid Althussir , the mother of his four children , now widowed , was forced to sell their home .
The soldiers ’ response : “ Ah damn .
Oh , well … .
Well , it ’s their fault for bringing their kids to a battle . ”
A massacre from the sky and a battle are two completely different classifications .
Responses like “ Got the bastard ” , “ Nice ! ” , “ There it goes !
Look at that bitch go ! ” and “ Oh , yeah , look at those dead bastards . ” litter the commentary of the U.S. soldiers throughout the video .
Today , a ‘ senior military official , confirmed the authenticity of the video to NBC News Pentagon Correspondent Jim Miklaszewski .
He only added that an investigation found “ the crew of the two Apache helicopters at the scene might have erroneously identified the photographer ’s cameras as weapons ” .
Because the Pentagon did not declassify the video and earlier had said soldiers followed the official “ Rules of Engagement ” [. pdf ] , the official spoke only under the condition of anonymity .
“ Though WikiLeaks ’ release was scheduled well in advance , ” Jason Ditz writes at Antiwar News .
“ The release comes at a particularly inopportune time , as the U.S. military is still scrambling to explain away the killings of several civilians ( including pregnant women ) in an attack on an Afghanistan home .
In that case as well , the military lied about a “ firefight ” which never happened , and even blamed the deaths of the pregnant women on insurgents that were never present at the site . ”
Glenn Greenwald at Salon adds : “ The important thing to keep in mind when watching this video , as well as reading about the Afghanistan masscare , is this : they hate us for our Freedom ! “
Brief Version , cut by Russia Today ( 1:40 ) :
Short version , cut by Wikileaks ( 17:47 ) :
Daniel Tencer at The Raw Story writes :
The two reporters arrived in the area after reports of skirmishes between U.S. forces and insurgents .
According to media news site The Baron , “ there was no fighting on the streets in which Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh were moving about . ”
The video seems to substantiate that report , as it shows Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh ( identified on the tape by arrows ) walking around in a group of people who do n’t appear to be engaged in fighting .
“ Although some of the men appear to have been armed , the behavior of nearly everyone was relaxed , ” Wikileaks notes , suggesting that the men were n’t involved in the fighting reportedly taking place in the area … .
But Wikileaks offers the video as evidence there was no firefight in the location where U.S. forces launched the attack .
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , witnesses said there were no gunfights in the area at the time of the attack .
Following the shooting , the Reuters news agency demanded an investigation .
According to Wikileaks , the U.S. military determined that the shooting was carried out in accordance with the rules of engagement .
Nathan Hodge at Wired adds :
It was originally expected that WikiLeaks would release footage of a U.S. air strike last year in Afghanistan that reportedly claimed the lives of dozens of civilians ( Assange said the group planned to release that footage , but were still “ working on it . ” )
WikiLeaks has also claimed this video furnishes evidence of a Pentagon “ coverup . ”
Whether that is the case is open to question :
At the time , a military officer said : “ No innocent civilians were killed on our part deliberately .
We took great pains to prevent that .
I know that two children were hurt , and we did everything we could to help them .
I do n’t know how the children were hurt . ”
via WikiLeaks – 5th Apr 2010 :
Wikileaks has obtained and decrypted this previously unreleased video footage from a U.S. Apache helicopter in 2007 .
It shows Reuters journalist Namir Noor - Eldeen , driver Saeed Chmagh , and several others as the Apache shoots and kills them in a public square in Eastern Baghdad .
They are apparently assumed to be insurgents .
After the initial shooting , an unarmed group of adults and children in a minivan arrives on the scene and attempts to transport the wounded .
They are fired upon as well .
The official statement on this incident initially listed all adults as insurgents and claimed the US military did not know how the deaths occurred .
Wikileaks released this video with transcripts and a package of supporting documents on April 5th 2010 on http://collateralmurder.com.
The military did not reveal how the Reuters staff were killed , and stated that they did not know how the children were injured .
After demands by Reuters , the incident was investigated and the U.S. military concluded that the actions of the soldiers were in accordance with the law of armed conflict and its own “ Rules of Engagement ” .
Consequently , WikiLeaks has released the classified Rules of Engagement for 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , revealing these rules before , during , and after the killings .
WikiLeaks has released both the original 38 minutes video and a shorter version with an initial analysis .
Subtitles have been added to both versions from the radio transmissions .
WikiLeaks obtained this video as well as supporting documents from a number of military whistleblowers .
WikiLeaks goes to great lengths to verify the authenticity of the information it receives .
We have analyzed the information about this incident from a variety of source material .
We have spoken to witnesses and journalists directly involved in the incident .
WikiLeaks wants to ensure that all the leaked information it receives gets the attention it deserves .
In this particular case , some of the people killed were journalists that were simply doing their jobs : putting their lives at risk in order to report on war .
Iraq is a very dangerous place for journalists : from 2003 - 2009 , 139 journalists were killed while doing their work .
At the site for the video , Collateral Murder , set up by WikiLeaks contains still photos and transcript .
Timeline of responses posted by WikiLeaks :
12th July 2007 —
The New York Times reports that two Iraqi journalists were killed in a militia clash with U.S. forces – ” There is no question that coalition forces were clearly engaged in combat operations against a hostile force , ” said Lt. Col .
Scott Bleichwehl , a spokesman for the multinational forces in Baghdad .
— The New York Times reports that two Iraqi journalists were killed in a militia clash with U.S. forces – ” There is no question that coalition forces were clearly engaged in combat operations against a hostile force , ” said Lt. Col .
Scott Bleichwehl , a spokesman for the multinational forces in Baghdad .
13th July 2007 — Press statement from public affairs office in camp Victory reports on the event .
There is no question that Coalition Forces were clearly engaged in combat operations against a hostile force , said Lt. Col Scott Bleichwehl , spokesperson and public affairs officer for MND-B .
— Press statement from public affairs office in camp Victory reports on the event .
said Lt. Col Scott Bleichwehl , spokesperson and public affairs officer for MND - B. 13th July 2007 — Reuters blog posts an entry on the killings of Namir Noor - Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh .
Namir was the 109th journalist to be killed in Iraq since the invasion in 2003 , and Saeed the 40th member of support staff .
— Reuters blog posts an entry on the killings of Namir Noor - Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh .
Namir was the 109th journalist to be killed in Iraq since the invasion in 2003 , and Saeed the 40th member of support staff .
16th July 2007 — Reuters seeks U.S. probe into the killings of their staff .
Our preliminary investigation raises real questions about whether there was fighting at the time the two men were killed , said David Schlesinger , editor - in - chief of Reuters .
Specifically , Reuters wanted an explanation of why the two cameras were confiscated , access to any cameras onboard the Apache helicopters that were involved in the incident , access to any voice communications between the helicopter crews and U.S. ground forces and access to reports from the unit involved in the incident , in particular a log of any weapons taken from the scene .
— Reuters seeks U.S. probe into the killings of their staff .
said David Schlesinger , editor - in - chief of Reuters .
Specifically , Reuters wanted an explanation of why the two cameras were confiscated , access to any cameras onboard the Apache helicopters that were involved in the incident , access to any voice communications between the helicopter crews and U.S. ground forces and access to reports from the unit involved in the incident , in particular a log of any weapons taken from the scene .
16th July 2007 — Counterpunch reports that The U.S. military says U.S. and Iraqi forces engaged “ a hostile force ” and , after coming under fire , called for air support that killed nine insurgents and two civilians .
The police and witnesses tell a different story .
A preliminary police report from al - Rashad police station said Mr Noor - Eldeen and Mr Chmagh were killed along with nine others by a “ random American bombardment . ”
One witness , Karim Shindakh , said : “ The aircraft began striking randomly and people were wounded .
A Kia [ mini- van ] arrived to take them away .
They hit the Kia and killed … the two journalists .
Counterpunch reports that March 2008 — Reuters opens website Bearing Witness dedicated to the memory of the Reuters journalists that have been killed in Iraq during the war : Taras Protsyuk ( 2003 ) ; Mazen Dana ( 2003 ) ; Dhia Najim ( 2003 ) ; Waleed Khaled ( 2005 ) ; Saeed Chmagh ( 2007 ) ; Namir Noor - Eldeen ( 2007 ) ; and an anonymous Reuters journalist who was killed in 2007 .
— Reuters opens website dedicated to the memory of the Reuters journalists that have been killed in Iraq during the war : Taras Protsyuk ( 2003 ) ; Mazen Dana ( 2003 ) ; Dhia Najim ( 2003 ) ; Waleed Khaled ( 2005 ) ; Saeed Chmagh ( 2007 ) ; Namir Noor - Eldeen ( 2007 ) ; and an anonymous Reuters journalist who was killed in 2007 .
15th July 2008 — Reuters posts memorial article .
In it they mention that “ Reuters News is seeking video footage from the U.S. military and other materials relating to the killing of Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh .
The footage was taken by cameras on board the U.S. helicopters involved in the incident , in which nine other people were killed .
The U.S. military said last week it is still processing the request ”
— Reuters posts memorial article .
In it they mention that “ Reuters News is seeking video footage from the U.S. military and other materials relating to the killing of Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh .
The footage was taken by cameras on board the U.S. helicopters involved in the incident , in which nine other people were killed .
The U.S. military said last week it is still processing the request ” 5th April 2010 — WikiLeaks releases video footage from Apache helicopter .
A 2008 U.S. Army counterintelligence report [ .pdf ] was released by Wikileaks March 18th ‘ concocting a plan to fatally marginalize the organization ’ , according to WikiLeaks .
The report stated WikiLeaks ’ war on secrecy and lies “ represents a potential force protection , counterintelligence , operational security ( OPSEC ) , and information security ( INFOSEC ) threat to the U.S. Army ” .
“ The identification , exposure , termination of employment , criminal prosecution , legal action against current or former insiders , leakers , or whistleblowers could potentially damage or destroy this center of gravity and deter others considering similar actions from using the WikiLeaks.org Web site , ” the report added .
Shortly after the release of this report , Mr. Greenwald at Salon , interviewed Wikileaks editor Julian Assange :
As but one disturbing incident : a volunteer , a minor , who works with WikiLeaks was detained in Iceland last week and questioned extensively about an incriminating video WikiLeaks possesses relating to the actions of the U.S. military .
During the course of the interrogation , the WikiLeaks volunteer was not only asked questions about the video based on non-public knowledge about its contents ( i.e. , information which only the U.S. military would have ) , but was also shown surveillance photos of Assange exiting a recent WikiLeaks meeting regarding the imminent posting of documents concerning the Pentagon .
That WikiLeaks is being targeted by the U.S. Government for surveillance and disruption is beyond doubt .
And it underscores how vital their work is and why it ’s such a threat … .
At exactly the time when U.S. government secrecy is at an all - time high , the institutions ostensibly responsible for investigation , oversight and exposure have failed .
The American media are largely co-opted , and their few remaining vestiges of real investigative journalism are crippled by financial constraints .
The U.S. Congress is almost entirely impotent at providing meaningful oversight and is , in any event , controlled by the factions that maintain virtually complete secrecy .
As I ’ve documented before , some alternative means of investigative journalism have arisen — such as the ACLU ’s tenacious FOIA litigations to pry documents showing “ War on Terror ” abuses and the reams of bloggers who sort through , analyze and publicize them — but that ’s no match for the vast secrecy powers of the government and private corporations .
The need for independent leaks and whistle - blowing exposures is particularly acute now because , at exactly the same time that investigative journalism has collapsed , public and private efforts to manipulate public opinion have proliferated .
This is exemplified by the type of public opinion management campaign detailed by the above - referenced C.I.A .
Report , the Pentagon ’s TV propaganda program exposed in 2008 , and the ways in which private interests covertly pay and control supposedly “ independent political commentators ” to participate in our public debates and shape public opinion .
*************
Long version , released by WikiLeaks ( 39:14 ) :
UPDATE : Mr. Assange made a handful of appearances on TV throughout the day .
Here ’s his appearance on RT , discussing the encryption of the video , the U.S. military Rules of Engagement and the content in the video ( 7:19 ) :
If you know the scene in “ Star Wars ” where a storm trooper accidentally bonks his head on a Death Star doorway , or you stuck around with the franchise through Hayden Christensen ’s performances in the last two prequels , you have probably laughed at George Lucas ‘s movies for reasons he never intended .
Now you have his permission to laugh at the “ Star Wars ” universe .
On Monday , Lucasfilm Animation said that it was preparing a new series that will offer a comedic perspective on “ Star Wars , ” with help from Seth Green and Matthew Senreich , who have frequently satirized that science - fiction franchise on their Adult Swim animated show “ Robot Chicken . ”
( Without them , our lives would be sadly lacking this fake commercial for Admiral Ackbar cereal . )
The new series , for which a title and a broadcaster have not yet been announced , will be produced by Jennifer Hill ( “ The Backyardigans ” ) and directed by Todd Grimes ( “ Back at the Barnyard ” ) .
Brendan Hay , who has written for “ The Simpsons ” and produced for “ The Daily Show , ” will also be a writer for this series , Lucasfilm said .
In a telephone interview on Monday , Mr. Green and Mr. Senreich said the specific details of the new series were still being worked out and under wraps .
What they can say at this early stage , Mr. Green said , is : “ It ’s going to be in the ‘ Star Wars ’ universe .
There ’s a lot of awesome people involved .
And even the real fan boys who are like us , and very discerning about their ‘ Star Wars ’ material , will be won over . ”
“ It ’s like a sitcom set in the ‘ Star Wars ’ universe , ” Mr. Senreich said .
“ Single cam , if you will . ”
“ Like a ‘ Chuck ’ or ’ 30 Rock , ' ” Mr. Green added .
“ But even that is too much of a specific , creative distinction to be accurate .
There ’s so much we could say that wo n’t be true in a week . ”
Mr. Green and Mr. Senreich said their “ Star Wars ” parody episodes of “ Robot Chicken ” had played a direct role in their being tapped by Mr. Lucas to oversee the new show .
“ George likes what we do with the ‘ Robot Chicken – Star Wars ’ stuff , ” Mr. Senreich said , “ and thinks we ’re funny people , so when he wanted to do a comedy , he looked at us . ”
( “ I was n’t going to be quite that cocky , ” Mr. Green continued , “ but it is in fact what happened . ” )
Asked what their specific duties on the new comedy show would be , Mr. Green compared himself and Mr. Senreich to Count Dooku , an evil Sith Lord from the “ Star Wars ” prequels .
“ We ’re there , we ’re overseeing it , ” Mr. Green said .
“ There may be a couple times we actually pick up a light saber and swing it .
But we ’re not entirely responsible for winning the whole thing on our backs .
They can , at least , reveal that they will be paid for their work on the show .
“ We get ‘ Star Wars ’ toys , ” Mr. Senreich said .
“ When we run into George Lucas , ” Mr. Green said , “ he smiles like he ’s excited to see us .
I want to maintain that as long as I can . ”
Tracking Airport Status
This map is no longer being maintained .
It was last updated on April 22 at 9:30 a.m. ET .
If mass cancellations occur in the future , we will update these listings at that time .
Enlarge Massoud Hossaini , AFP / Getty Images U.S. soldiers on patrol last week near Ibrahim Khel village in Afghanistan 's Khost province .
DEATHS UP DEATHS UP KABUL  Deaths of Afghan civilians by NATO troops have more than doubled this year , NATO statistics show , jeopardizing a U.S. campaign to win over the local population by protecting them against insurgent attacks .
NATO troops accidentally killed 72 civilians in the first three months of 2010 , up from 29 in the same period in 2009 , according to figures the International Security Assistance Force gave USA TODAY .
The numbers were released after Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , issued measures to protect ordinary Afghans .
A Red Cross report out Thursday said the number of civilians killed and wounded by Taliban roadside bombs has soared in Kandahar , where NATO and Afghan forces are preparing for a major offensive against the insurgent stronghold .
Some Afghans say the rise in civilian deaths may help the enemy .
" If ( it ) continues , people will abandon the government and join the Taliban , " says Malalai Ishaqzai , a member of parliament .
McChrystal has limited the use of airstrikes and raids on households that put civilians at risk .
The emphasis on protecting non-combatants is part of a strategy to win the public 's support .
It appeared to be working : Civilian deaths at the hands of U.S. - led troops dropped 28 % in 2009 to 596 , according to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan .
" The pace of operations this year is considerably higher than last , " leading to a 75 % increase in " significant events " such as firefights and weapons seizures , said NATO spokesman Lt. Cmdr.
Iain Baxter of the British navy .
NATO forces have reduced airstrikes , which accounted for 61 % of the civilians killed by NATO and Afghan forces last year , according to the U.N. mission .
But civilians continue to be endangered .
Four people were killed by NATO troops Monday when their bus driver ignored warnings to stop or slow down as he overtook a NATO convoy .
The incident prompted an anti-American protest .
" No system is 100 % guaranteed , and regrettably in a very small number of incidents , the warnings are ignored and lethal force is used , " Baxter says .
Night raids are another risk , says Ahmad Nader Nadery , a member of the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission .
On Feb. 12 , NATO and Afghan troops searching for a Taliban member killed five civilians in a night raid .
In response , McChrystal ordered troops last month to avoid night raids on homes when possible .
Civilian deaths undermine NATO efforts to win Afghan loyalty , says Seth Jones , a counterinsurgency specialist at the Rand think tank .
However , he says the Taliban is to blame for most civilian deaths ( 67 % last year , the U.N. mission says ) and the United States should emphasize that fact .
The Red Cross said the Mirwais Hospital in Kandahar admitted up to 40 % more patients wounded by Taliban bombs in the first two months of the year compared with the same period last year .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
SIDE -BY - SIDE : From seeing President Obama as a Socialist to the Antichrist , the diverging views held by Republicans , Democrats and Independents , as reported by the new Harris poll .
Graphic by LiveScience
Americans have some extreme views of President Obama , with a new controversial survey suggesting that 40 percent of adults believe he is a socialist , and about a quarter of survey participants thinking the president is a racist , anti-American and even doing things Hitler did .
The whammy : 14 percent of Americans say President Barack Obama may be the Antichrist .
When split by political party , 24 percent of Republicans and 6 percent of Democrats viewed the nation 's leader in this way .
The results come from an online Harris Poll involving 2,320 adults who were surveyed online between March 1 and March 8 by Harris Interactive , a market research firm .
Respondents were read each of 15 statements and asked whether they thought they were true or false .
The sample of people was selected from among roughly 4 million people who agreed to participate in Harris Interactive surveys and are given " modest incentives , " according to Harris .
The results were then weighted to reflect the composition of the U.S. adult population .
[ Infographic Compares Views ]
The accuracy of the poll has been questioned widely in the blogosphere .
Polls are never free from error , with sampling bias and question types leading to flaws .
Online polls , in particular , raise questions about bias .
" The thing about sampling is no sample avoids bias , " said Humphrey Taylor , chairman of the Harris Poll , Harris Interactive .
" The question is can you identify and correct for the biases that are in there .
We have a sizable team that does that and nothing else . "
Here 's the percentage breakdown of respondents ' views of President Obama :
38 percent say he wants to take away Americans ' right to own guns .
32 percent say he is a Muslim .
29 percent think he wants to turn over the sovereignty of the United States to a one world government .
29 percent think he has done many things that are unconstitutional .
27 percent say he resents America 's heritage .
27 percent say he does what Wall Street and the bankers tell him to do .
25 percent say he was not born in the United States and so is not eligible to be president .
25 percent say he is a domestic enemy that the U.S. Constitutions speaks of .
23 percent say he is a racist .
23 percent say he is anti-American .
23 percent say he wants to use an economic collapse or terrorist attack as an excuse to take dictatorial powers .
20 percent say he is doing many of the things that Hitler did .
When broken out by political party , results showed some stark differences .
For instance , the majority of Republicans believed the president is a Muslim and a socialist , while around 40 percent believe he is a racist , someone who resents American heritage and " wants terrorists to win . "
Forty percent of Republicans , compared with just 15 percent of Democrats , think Wall Street pulls his strings .
When Harris ' Taylor saw the results he told LiveScience he was " flabbergasted .
I would 've guessed the numbers would 've been a lot smaller than that . "
He added , " It means that very large numbers of people are misninformed not only about President Obama but many things in modern life . "
The findings lend support to , and in fact were done to verify , themes in John Avlon 's new book " Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe Is Hijacking America " ( Beast Books , 2010 ) .
" This poll should be a wake - up call to all Americans about the real costs of using fear and hate to pump up hyper - partisanship , " Avlon said after reviewing the findings .
" We are playing with dynamite by demonizing our president and dividing our country in the process .
Americans need to remember the perspective that Wingnuts always forget – patriotism is more important than partisanship . "
While extreme , there 's a chance some respondents were n't even sure what a Muslim is , for instance .
Research reported in 2008 suggested Americans have inaccurate views of Muslims : Many think the Islamic religion is associated with violence and religious extremism , and perhaps even terrorism .
In addition , seven in 10 Americans in that study admitted they know very little about the Islamic religion .
This story was updated at 12:35 p.m. ET to include details about the polling methodology .
When Andrew Joseph Stack , a software consultant with a history of tax troubles and marital problems , crashed his Piper Cherokee into the Austin , Texas , office of the Internal Revenue Service in February , the crime was widely seen as a referendum on the national psyche .
Stack , who killed himself and one other person while injuring 13 , was said to represent a strain of legitimate grievances in America .
In his syndicated column , Richard Parker credited Stack with summing up the American " continuum of disappointment , anxiety , fear and yes , anger " related to economic pressure and income inequality .
" On the day of Stack 's violence , " Parker wrote , " everyone I interview who has read his suicide note has the same reaction :
No , he should not have tried to kill anyone to make his point and so he deserved to die .
And yes , the guy did have a point . "
Writing on AlterNet , Rich Benjamin called Stack " an acute symptom of this nation 's neglected wounds , " concluding , " We dismiss his screed , suicide and crime as ' lunatic ' at our own risk . "
A similar reaction greeted a far less catastrophic act of destruction that occurred a few days before Stack 's attack .
Terry Hoskins , an Ohio carpet store owner and landlord of several commercial properties , bulldozed his own home before it was foreclosed .
Hoskins ' local TV station ran a very sympathetic story on the destruction of the house .
A blogger at macedoniaonline .eu called it " the tipping point " for Americans who have " been taken advantage like no one on earth by greedy Banksters and corporations . "
Neither man made a very credible case for righteous everyman rage .
Stack 's breakout - hit suicide note runs through such disparate peeves as banker bonuses , the Catholic church , the failure of health care reform , post–Cold War base closings in Southern California , Stack 's own accountant , George W. Bush , tax treatment of freelance engineers , and capitalism .
Hoskins ' foreclosure resulted not from the real estate correction but from a 10 - year battle against a family member and from his failure to repay commercial real estate loans for which the $ 350,000 house was collateral .
The bank collecting on the loans is not some too - big - to - fail behemoth but Clermont County 's own RiverHills Bank , which as of 2008 had a mere $ 118 million in assets and $ 96.2 million in deposits .
The elevation of such unlikely folk heroes might be a sign of the current recession 's severity .
Or it might not .
A similar genre of morbid appreciation arose during the prosperous mid-1990s around Unabomber Ted Kaczynski's 35,000 - word Luddite manifesto Industrial Society and Its Future .
Elite society has a tendency to take the declarations of violent outlaws with great seriousness .
As an unironic believer that the 1968 S.C.U.M. Manifesto by Andy Warhol shooter Valerie Solanas is the most important work on gender relations ever written , I fully understand the impulse .
But outlaw intellectualism is part of a larger trend in declinism .
The recession has not just hustled the U.S. economy back to a late - 20th - century state of nature that resists all efforts at reinflation , stimulus , and outcome management .
It has created a conviction that American society itself , rather than just its institutions of government and public / private rent seeking , is in collapse .
" The United States is not the Soviet Union , " writes Yale School of Management fellow Bruce Judson in his 2009 book It Could Happen Here : America on the Brink .
" Our economy is not as terrible .
Our government is not as despised .
But nobody thought the U.S.S.R. could collapse .
Could everyone be wrong again ? "
The first third of Judson 's book is taken up with a scenario in which the United States crumbles as terrorists furious about growing inequality bring the nation to a standstill with a dirty bomb campaign ; politicians like " Sen. Bob King ( R - Nevada ) " and " Sen. Louis Roberts ( D - Minnesota ) " float a single piece of legislation that will solve the health care , education , and housing crises ; Florida , Illinois , and New York secede ( and the rest of the country fails to respond with the expected " good riddance " ) ; and so on .
It 's a bit like the old " Jeopardy 1999 " sketch on Saturday Night Live , in which famous acts of nuclear terrorism turn out to have been committed by unlikely culprits such as the Young Republicans .
After that jarring opener , Judson goes on to argue that asset bubbles , the decline of labor unions , and other factors have created a combustible disparity in wealth throughout the country .
It 's not hard to persuade people these days that they 're doing worse than they were 10 years ago .
My own career and financial prospects are in every way worse and more hopeless than they were in 2000 , and I 'm ready to join any revolution that will reverse my catastrophically bad decisions and foil the shadowy enemies who have kept me down .
But Judson 's remedies turn out to be the same old recipe — new financial regulations , more spending on education , more accountability — that you hear from every politician .
This is the problem with the new declinism .
With no compelling vision of the apocalypse that does n't involve zombies , cyborgs , or outlaw bikers , we tend to miss something obvious :
The problem is n't that things are collapsing .
It 's that not enough things are collapsing .
General Motors , AIG , and the government of California have committed enough errors to merit immediate extinction , but there they still are .
Yet the political establishment continues to argue that the market needs to be prevented from delivering rough justice to sinners .
President Obama , who one year ago gave us a worst - case scenario in which an unstimulated economy might hit 8 percent unemployment by this year , now presides over 10 percent unemployment but tries to bamboozle us with counterfactuals like this doozy from the 2010 State of the Union address : " If we had allowed the meltdown of the financial system , unemployment might be double what it is today . "
The current recession has become the economic version of The Fantasticks , a show that keeps running long after the audience wants to move on .
It 's becoming increasingly clear that by not letting anything collapse , by not allowing sweet , beautiful failure to happen , the government is helping to drag out the pain .
That may not be indicative of anything new , but it 's enough to make you want to bulldoze a house or two .
Contributing Editor Tim Cavanaugh ( bigtimcavanaugh@gmail.com ) blogs at simpleton.com .
SAN FRANCISCO —
This year , Netflix made what looked like a peculiar choice : the DVD - by - mail company decided that over the next two years , it would move most of its
Web technology — customer movie queues , search tools and the like — over to the computer servers of one of its chief rivals , Amazon.com .
Amazon , like Netflix , wants to deliver movies to people ’s homes over the Internet .
But the online retailer , based in Seattle , has lately gained traction with a considerably more ambitious effort : the business of renting other companies the remote use of its technology infrastructure so they can run their computer operations .
In the parlance of technophiles , they would operate “ in the cloud . ”
Ah , the cloud — these days , Silicon Valley ca n’t seem to get its head out of it .
The idea , though typically expressed in ways larded with jargon , is actually rather simple .
Cloud providers , large ones like Amazon , Microsoft , Google and AT&T , and smaller ones like Rackspace and Terremark , aim to convince other companies to give up building and managing their own data centers and to use their computer capacity instead .
Why ?
Apparently based on the view that the FDA ’s ban on donation by men who have had sex with men since 1977 violates the school ’s antidiscrimination policy .
Now I ’m not sure whether the FDA policy is sound .
Gay and bisexual males are apparently 44 times more likely to be infected with HIV than straight men , but of course it ’s possible that the current screening system is good enough — not just in medical theory but in practical administration — that even donations from the high - risk group should be viewed as safe , given the screening .
( There ’s also the question whether gay men should only be disqualified if they report they have had sex with a man in the last 12 months , as opposed to if they report they have had sex with a man at all since 1977 ; but note that such a policy would also be discriminatory . )
But it seems to me that , regardless of that , suspending a practice as worthy and lifesaving as blood donation because of disagreement with the policy strikes me as showing a massive lack of perspective .
I wrote about this with regard to the exclusion of military recruiters in 2002 , and the arguments strike me as even more apt here , so let me adapt and repost them :
“ Perspective , ” my New Shorter Oxford Dictionary says , is “ a mental view of the relative importance ” of things .
Let ’s assume for the sake of argument that the FDA is unwise in maintaining its blood exclusion policy .
So what ?
So say the FDA is wrong — blood donations still save lives , including of course the lives of gay men .
( I suspect that blood drives at universities do so even more than other blood drives , because they bring in donors who might continue to donate for the rest of their lives . )
Why should the university suspend them , especially when they are conducted by organizations that are simply following the FDA ’s instructions , rather than creating those instructions ?
Some boycotts are purely instrumental :
They aim to make things costly for some entity , so that the entity changes its ways to avoid those costs .
But surely this is n’t the issue here .
If the FDA changes its policy , it wo n’t be because they ’re having a harder time getting blood from SJSU ; this particular policy just ca n’t make that sort of practical difference .
Perhaps if everyone jumps on the bandwagon , the FDA might be pressured to change .
But I ’ve seen no evidence that others are indeed doing it in material numbers .
What ’s more , if the FDA is pressured to change by the actual risk of serious aggregate decline in the blood supply , then SJSU and the other hypothetical excluders of blood drives would be accomplishing their goals by suspending a lifesaving program , in a way that risks jeopardizing innocent lives .
Is that really the right way of trying to change the FDA policy ?
Indeed , some causes do sometimes justify risking the death of innocents ( military blockades and effective foreign sanctions have this effect ) .
But let ’s have some sense of perspective :
Is getting the FDA to accept blood without sexual orientation discrimination — even if that proves to be a medically sound solution — such a cause ?
So , I take it the blood drive exclusion can’t really be about practical questions — it must be about morality and symbolism .
Even if it is completely ineffective as a pressure tactic , the theory goes , even if it ’s not supposed to be effective as a pressure tactic ( since likely SJSU does n’t want to pressure the FDA by blocking the saving of lives ) , it ’s still the right thing to do :
The FDA ’s policies are wrong , so we must refuse to help anyone who is obligated to comply with those policies .
Yet , again , let ’s have some perspective .
Even if blood drives are administered in a way that is bad , they obviously do a vast amount of good .
So as a moral matter , excluding blood drives is n’t just remaining pure of complicity with discrimination .
( “ Our school should n’t be associated with discrimination , ” one “ health science major ” who supports the policy is quoted as saying . )
Rather , it ’s remaining pure by shunning a practice that saves countless lives every year .
And as a matter of symbolism , the symbolic message is n’t “ We detest discrimination . ”
Rather , it ’s “ Discrimination is so bad that we must wash our hands of helping lifesaving medical procedures , in spite of all the good they do . ”
SJSU has weighed life - saving blood drives in the balance , and it has found that on balance they should be shunned , rather than embraced .
The symbolism of that is pretty poor .
A mental view of the relative importance of things should keep us from making this mistake .
Equal treatment without regard to sexual orientation may be important .
But what blood drives do is far more important .
If that ’s so , then you ca n’t treat them as a pariah activity , focusing on their small error and not on their great virtue .
When I ’ve made this argument about military recruiting , some people have responded “ Well , we would n’t let a law firm interview if it discriminated against gays ; why should we let the military do so ? ”
Yup , that ’s right , the military , it ’s just another bigoted law firm , people who run blood drives are just another bigoted government agency .
Jones & Smith , the U.S. Army , blood drives , same difference .
That ’s what the logic of antidiscrimination - above - all tells us .
But perspective reminds us that those institutions that protect our lives deserve slightly more accommodation — yes , even despite what we may see as their vices — than institutions that do n’t .
And any morality and any symbolism that fails to keep this proper perspective is not a morality or symbolism to live by .
20 - year old Laura Hall from Bromsgrove ( Worcestershire UK ) has become the first woman to be banned from all pubs and bars in England and Wales .
A court issued her with a Drinking Banning Order – nicknamed Booze Asbos – not to enter a pub , bar , club or off - licence for two years .
The ban also includes buying alcohol at any other establishment or shop , carrying it in an unsealed container or drinking it in a public place .
She had already been convicted of a series of public order offences that resulted in a ban from all bars and pubs in her home town of Bromsgrove , Worcestershire .
Kidderminster Magistrates ’
Court heard yesterday that Hall faces a £ 2,500 fine if she breaks the conditions of the order .
Sergeant David Roberts , of West Mercia Police , said : ‘ There have been some Drinking Banning Orders issued already but this is the first to be issued on a nationwide basis .
‘ It bans Laura Hall from drinking or buying alcohol in any licensed premises across England and Wales .
The conditions will also help to protect the public from the anti-social effects of Laura ’s behaviour . ’
Officers applied for a DBO rather than another Asbo because Hall would be at risk of prison if she breached it again .
‘ We want to rehabilitate her rather than send her straight to jail , and hope the banning order will help Laura address her problems , ’ he said .
Under the terms of the order , Hall must attend an approved alcohol - misuse course .
If she completes it without breaching any of its terms , the DBO could be lifted after 12 months .
Source : www.dailymail.co.uk
She should have done some crazy things after getting drunk to get a ban at such a young age .
What do you guys think , is the ban going to do anything ?
Bills are separated according to the parliamentary session during which they were introduced .
The bills above have been introduced ( or reintroduced ) in the current session .
TRENTON — Gov .
Chris Christie
's budget includes an across - the - board cut in state aid to school districts that will equal up to 5 percent of their budgets for the current fiscal year , a move the administration expects to be challenged in court , according to three state officials familiar with the plan .
By basing the aid calculation on districts ' budgets , the overall reduction of about $ 820 million is at odds with New Jersey 's school funding formula , which dictates that more money go to districts with the neediest children , officials said .
That formula , which survived a Supreme Court challenge last spring , replaced the longstanding " Abbott " system that sent the bulk of the aid to 31 poor urban districts .
The cuts to schools come on top of $ 475 million that Christie sliced from school aid in the current fiscal year .
Those cuts were based on districts ' excess surplus .
In addition to schools , Christie 's first budget will make major cuts in aid to towns and colleges while skipping a $ 3 billion payment to the struggling state pension system , said four officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity ahead of Christie 's speech .
The Republican governor on Tuesday also plans to propose slicing municipal aid by $ 445 million and aid to public colleges by $ 175 million , the officials said .
That includes about $ 270 million in standard state aid to all towns , with the remainder coming from eliminating special municipal aid and extraordinary aid — two funds that help municipalities in distress , but have been criticized by Republicans as a crutch discouraging better fiscal management .
They would be replaced by a new " transitional " fund for municipalities , the officials said .
Christie's $ 29.3 billion budget also counts on $ 50 million in savings from privatizing certain government functions , and would increase the hospital provider tax by $ 45 million to generate another $ 45 million in federal funding , the officials said .
He will also propose to raise money through higher fees , such as business filing fees , though specifics were still sketchy , said two Democrats briefed on the plan .
The governor 's proposal will also include converting property tax rebate checks to credits and a constitutional amendment limiting annual property tax hikes to 2.5 percent , The Star - Ledger reported Sunday .
That means eligible residents would not collect any direct property tax relief this calendar year , instead receiving credits around April , the officials said .
State spending on direct services would also be constitutionally barred from increasing by more than 2.5 percent each year .
Christie has promised to give towns and school districts the " tools " to cope with state - aid cuts , including changes to collective bargaining for police , fire and teacher contracts , to public worker pensions and benefits , and to the civil service system .
By Claire Heininger and Josh Margolin / Statehouse Bureau .
Lisa Fleisher contributed to this report .
Sunny 106.5 · The Best Variety of the 80s , 90s & Today
Listen Now on iHeartRadio
Last year ,
The Pirate Bay moved to an ISP that has facilities located in a former NATO nuclear bunker .
It has operated with them successfully for some time but we can now reveal that Hollywood movie studios are threatening the ISP with a legal strike over its servicing of TPB and several other sites .
The ISP 's owner , however , is in no mood to capitulate .
In early October 2009 , The Pirate Bay was forced to move outside its native Sweden and find a new host in Ukraine .
Their stay in Eastern Europe did n’t last long though , and soon they found a new and fairly unorthodox home .
CyberBunker is a former nuclear warfare bunker in The Netherlands .
The facility was built by NATO in the 1950s and was designed to survive a nuclear war .
After that threat largely subsided the bunker changed owners and is now believed to be used as a webhosting data center and is the presumed ( in reality this is almost impossible to prove ) home of The Pirate Bay .
CyberBunker : Threatened With MPA Strike
At the time , Sven Kamphuis , one of the owners of CB3ROB / Cyberbunker , said there were initial difficulties with setting up The Pirate Bay in its new location .
Several carriers refused to assist following threats from local anti-piracy group , BREIN .
Those problems were soon overcome but although The Pirate Bay continued to function and even grow , we can now exclusively reveal that there are turbulent seas ahead .
According to detailed information received by TorrentFreak , Disney Enterprises and Paramount Pictures in association with Sony Pictures , Twentieth Century Fox , Universal Studios and Warner Bros .
( known collectively as the MPA ) have been threatening CB3ROB Ltd with legal action over their hosting of The Pirate Bay and several other prominent movie - related sites .
Via its lawyers , in November 2009 the MPA sent CB3ROB a written “ copyright warning ” which stated that its members own the exclusive rights to a list of movies .
The MPA further noted that CB3ROB is the Internet service provider for not only The Pirate Bay , but also movie streaming giants including Watch - Movies - Online.tv , Movie2K.com , TVShack.net , NovaMov.com and MovShare.com .
Those sites , they say , are infringing their exclusive rights .
The complaint went on to detail the mechanics of The Pirate Bay , the guilty verdict delivered to its operators in a Swedish court in 2009 and the injunction placed on the site in the Amsterdam District Court in October the same year .
Information on the nature of the streaming sites detailed above was also included .
The MPA warning then went on to suggest that since CB3ROB are aware that The Pirate Bay and the other sites are infringing , it is their responsibility to ensure that those infringements stop – i.e , bring an end to providing them with hosting and bandwidth or , as appears to be the case with The Pirate Bay , filter out torrents relating to MPA member works .
Failure to do so would result in the MPA taking CB3ROB to court in Germany .
A very tight deadline of a few days was set for a CB3ROB respond , which appears to have been adhered to .
The response , however , was not what the MPA had hoped for .
Through their lawyers , CB3ROB rejected the claims of the MPA on several grounds including what they term as an incorrect description of The Pirate Bay ’s business model .
As readers will remember , last year the site “ went magnetic ” by dumping its tracker and relying on DHT and PEX instead .
Therefore , CB3ROB argued , the rulings against TPB in Sweden and The Netherlands related to a time when the site ’s operations were conducted in a different manner .
The complaint is further rejected on grounds that as an ISP , CB3ROB are n’t responsible for the activities of its customers .
TorrentFreak spoke with Sven Olaf Kamphuis from CB3ROB who confirmed our information is correct .
“ Once again [ Disney ] tried to infringe upon the right to provider immunity and the concept of net neutrality by claiming that by providing the Pirate Bay ( and others ) with Internet connectivity we ( CB3ROB Ltd. & Co. KG ) would be ‘ assisting them in engaging in copyright violations ’ , which , should our customers be doing that , remains to be proven in court anyway , ” he told us .
“ They tried this ( as usual ) by means of an injunction , which we have had our attorneys block by means of a schutzbrief sent to all courts , basically saying they ca n’t get an injunction without going through the usual court case process , ” he added .
Kamphuis says that he believes German law is quite specific in granting provider immunity , with data communications receiving protection under the law in pretty much the same way as postal mail .
He explained :
“ Providers are immune to any liability claims as long as they :
1 : Do n’t initiate the transfer of data ( which we do n’t , the user ’s browser does )
2 : Do n’t select the addressees ( IP addresses in this case ) of the information to be transferred ( Which we do n’t , even Disney is free to use the PirateBay as far as we ’re concerned ;) )
3 : Do n’t modify or select the information to be transferred ( which we do n’t ) ”
Kamphuis told TorrentFreak that if Disney and friends have a problem with the activities of CB3ROB clients , they should start a court case against them , a route he notes that has been traveled before , without success .
“ If they ’re too lazy ( or do n’t have valid arguments ) to win court cases against individual parties and force them to terminate their activities , that cannot and will not be made the problem of the Internet industry , we simply cannot tolerate that , ” he insists .
“ They ’re trying to blackmail ISPs into cleaning up the mess caused by their dysfunctional business model , which the Internet industry , of course , will not do . ”
The information we received detailing CB3ROB ’s rejection of the Swedish and Dutch decisions was also confirmed .
“ Disney apparently also ca n’t read Dutch , nor Swedish , as all court verdicts so far are for the Pirate Bay WITH torrent trackers , which they seem to keep messing up with torrent - files .
It would help if they would pick some attorneys to represent them who at the very minimum know what they ’re talking about , and stop babbling nonsense . ”
Kamphuis insists that his company will accept anyone as a customer who can pay the bills and they will do everything required to deliver Internet connectivity to them – period .
As an ISP , he says , they provide this service indiscriminately , “ .. but you know what , ” he adds , “ I ’ve got a great idea . ”
“ Why do n’t all ISPs just give them what they want and drop all packets that contain the word ‘ Disney ’ from them , including the ones from and to - their - websites , let ’s see how long they last without using OUR internet for promoting and selling their shitty crap , ” he concludes .
I work this issue every day and am well aware of the racist nature of the War on ( Certain American Citizens Using Non-Pharmaceutical , Non-Alcoholic , Tobacco - Free ) Drugs .
But even I was n’t aware of the outrageous statistics comparing the Drug War to Jim Crow era .
Michelle Alexander lays it all out in her new book , The New Jim Crow : How the War on Drugs Gave Birth to a Permanent American Undercaste :
There are more African Americans under correctional control today — in prison or jail , on probation or parole — than were enslaved in 1850 , a decade before the Civil War began .
As of 2004 , more African American men were disenfranchised ( due to felon disenfranchisement laws ) than in 1870 , the year the Fifteenth Amendment was ratified , prohibiting laws that explicitly deny the right to vote on the basis of race .
A black child born today is less likely to be raised by both parents than a black child born during slavery .
The recent disintegration of the African American family is due in large part to the mass imprisonment of black fathers .
If you take into account prisoners , a large majority of African American men in some urban areas have been labeled felons for life .
( In the Chicago area , the figure is nearly 80 % . )
These men are part of a growing undercaste — not class , caste — permanently relegated , by law , to a second - class status .
They can be denied the right to vote , automatically excluded from juries , and legally discriminated against in employment , housing , access to education , and public benefits , much as their grandparents and great - grandparents were during the Jim Crow era .
The uncomfortable truth , however , is that crime rates do not explain the sudden and dramatic mass incarceration of African Americans during the past 30 years .
Crime rates have fluctuated over the last few decades — they are currently are at historical lows — but imprisonment rates have consistently soared .
Quintupled , in fact .
And the vast majority of that increase is due to the War on Drugs .
Drug offenses alone account for about two - thirds of the increase in the federal inmate population , and more than half of the increase in the state prison population .
The drug war has been brutal — complete with SWAT teams , tanks , bazookas , grenade launchers , and sweeps of entire neighborhoods — but those who live in white communities have little clue to the devastation wrought .
This war has been waged almost exclusively in poor communities of color , even though studies consistently show that people of all colors use and sell illegal drugs at remarkably similar rates .
In fact , some studies indicate that white youth are significantly more likely to engage in illegal drug dealing than black youth .
Any notion that drug use among African Americans is more severe or dangerous is belied by the data .
White youth , for example , have about three times the number of drug - related visits to the emergency room as their African American counterparts .
That is not what you would guess , though , when entering our nation ’s prisons and jails , overflowing as they are with black and brown drug offenders .
In some states , African Americans comprise 80% - 90 % of all drug offenders sent to prison .
The only thing more shocking to me than the new Jim Crow of the drug war is how few African - Americans are involved in ending it .
This sort of racial homogeneity is also found at the grassroots activist level as well .
I coordinate NORML ’s 95 active state , local , and college chapters and off the top of my head I can think of only one chapter not run by a white person ( Oregon NORML ‘s Madeline Martinez , who , coincidentally , is that sole Latina on the National NORML Board ) .
When I speak at conferences and festivals to crowds ranging from 50 to 50,000 , it is always a nearly unbroken sea of white faces looking back at me .
When I participate in the marches and protests against the drug war , I rarely see black or Latino people carrying a sign .
The War on Drugs is primarily a War on Marijuana , which makes up 49.8 % of all drug war arrests , 89 % of those arrests for simple possession .
In New York City , a black man is nine times more likely to be busted for pot than a white man and three times more likely to get a custodial sentence out of that arrest .
Yet when we look at the cannabis community , the only place we find many African - American faces is in rap videos extolling the virtues of “ the chronic ” .
Where is the Martin Luther King Jr. of the movement to end the War on Drugs ?
Why is he or she not responding to the efforts to end the single greatest cause of racial inequality in this nation ?
Is he or she dissuaded by the culture of the black church , which demonizes drugs and drug use to the point where those who support sensible drug policies are shamed into silence ?
Is he or she turned away by looking at the leadership of drug law reform and seeing no faces like theirs ?
Is he or she already feeling like they wear a target for law enforcement on their back already based on skin color and do n’t feel like exacerbating that by publicly standing for drug law reform ?
Whatever it is , this white man who ’s used cannabis for twenty years and never once had an interaction with police is urgently calling out to my black and Latino brothers and sisters to get involved with your own liberation !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
As the parties and pundits scramble to calculate the political impact from President Obama ’s just - passed health care plan , the most powerful - and consequential - aftershocks may be felt in the state that helped make him president .
The health care overhaul law polls poorly in Florida , with its large senior population , and Mr. Obama ’s fellow Democrats are struggling in races for governor , the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Even Sen. Bill Nelson , a Democrat re-elected in 2006 with 60 percent of the vote , trails by a double - digit margin in a hypothetical 2012 matchup with former Gov. Jeb Bush , a Republican , for a third term .
Democrats note that they have seven months to turn the trend by Election Day .
But a Mason - Dixon poll released this week shows the hurdle that the lengthy fight over health care has placed in their path .
If the numbers do n’t rebound , Florida and its prize of 27 electoral votes may not go to Mr. Obama in 2012 as they did in 2008 .
“ We are a swing state , ” said Stephen Craig , chairman of the University of Florida ’s political science department .
“ You can win without Florida , but it ’s tough . ”
“ Florida is the largest of swing states .
As [ NBC ’s late ]
Tim Russert used to say , its about Florida , Florida , Florida , ” said Eric Jotkoff , communications director of the Florida Democratic Party .
If so , the latest poll numbers tell a gloomy tale for Democrats .
A majority of state voters , 54 percent , said they opposed Mr. Obama ’s new plan , compared with 34 percent who support it .
Orlando Sentinel columnist Scott Maxwell , author of the blog Taking Names , said the more intense opposition in Florida compared with the nation as a whole could be attributed to the large elderly population in the state .
“ We ’ve typically skewed a little more Republican , ” he said .
State Attorney General Bill McCollum , a Republican who recently joined a lawsuit against the federal government with a dozen other states to block health care reform , leads Democrat Alex Sink , the state ’s chief financial officer , by a 49 percent to 34 percent margin in the race to succeed Gov. Charlie Crist .
Mr. Crist is struggling in his own primary battle with fellow Republican Marco Rubio for an open U.S. Senate seat , but polls show both men winning against Rep. Kendrick B. Meek , the likely Democratic nominee .
Mr. Crist and Mr. Rubio have pledged to support repeal of the health care overhaul if elected .
Mr. Rubio , a former speaker of the state House and a rising star in conservative ranks , makes no bones about his opposition to the health care plan .
“ Those who choose to focus only on the immediate impact of this consequential vote , and how it will factor in November ’s elections , fail to appreciate the lasting damage it will inflict on our nation ’s health care system and economy , ” he said in a statement just before the final congressional votes .
CQ Politics , published by Congressional Quarterly , gave Florida Democrats more bad news this week , downgrading the party ’s prospects in two hotly contested House races .
Rep. Suzanne M. Kosmas , a Democrat representing the Orlando area , earned a spot on the National Republican Congressional Committee ’s “ Flip - Flop Five ” list after opposing health care reform in a November House vote but then backing the plan last month .
The CQ shifted her race from “ leans Democratic ” to a “ toss - up . ”
She could face a well - heeled challenger in former restaurant executive Chris Miller , who has run radio and TV ads slamming the health care plan and urging Mrs. Kosmas to oppose it .
CQ Politics also upgraded the prospects of Rep. Tom Rooney , a second - term Republican , as a top Democratic recruit passed on the chance to challenge him in the 16th District .
Democrats insist it is too early to write off their candidates .
Mr. Jotkoff , echoing Mr. Obama , said voters ’ perceptions of the health care bill will shift as they learn more about its benefits and as memories of the frantic final lobbying push fade .
“ As Floridians learn more about the details of the bill , Floridians are more supportive ” of the reform , Mr. Jotkoff said .
The University of Florida ’s Mr. Craig agreed , predicting the Mason - Dixon poll numbers may change as the campaign season proceeds .
“ My feeling is , ‘ So what ?
It ’s March , ” he said .
“ So many other things can happen .
Many people are reacting to the process , not the content , ” he added .
Mr. Maxwell , the columnist and blogger , said that while passions over the health care debate are high now , by November pocketbook issues like jobs will reassert themselves .
“ I think the economy is going to be the biggest issue , ” he said .
The 2012 presidential election is even further away , but Mr. Obama clearly faces a major selling job in the Sunshine State .
Mr. Obama narrowly defeated Sen. John McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , to claim the state in 2008 .
Mr. Obama did not need Florida to clinch his Electoral College victory , but the state has shown it can be a kingmaker in tight presidential contests .
Florida has voted for the winning presidential candidate in nine of the past 10 elections .
“ I think it ’s pretty clear that Obama ’s job - approval numbers are already beginning to float down , ” said longtime Republican political strategist Ralph Reed .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
NOW is the time to purchase any Tablewar FATMat , MacroMat , or GeoMat .
Use the coupon code ICMay2020 for an additional 10 % off your purchase .
The guys over at Tablewar have done so much for this community .
They have donated mats to your favorite events to use , for prize support on this show and others , as …
This week , our former website hosts , Sublime IP , are contesting a Final Link Deletion Notice that was issued to them for content on our website in May 2009 .
( See the story we posted at the time . )
Sublime , with our support , are arguing that ( a ) the notice should have been issued to EFA , not our hosts ; and that ( b ) the issuing of the notice infringes our constitutionally protected right to free political communication .
This is particularly important as , under the legislation , only the person to whom the links removal notice was issued has standing to appeal the decision to the Administrative Appeals Tribunal .
Dale Clapperton , former chair of EFA , is arguing the matter before the AAT on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week .
It is my understanding that the hearing will be open to the public for any members in Sydney who may wish to be present .
Details are :
Tuesday and Wednesday this week , 10 am start both days
Level 5 , 55 Market St , Sydney
We will post any updates here as they become available .
Expo
West is a huge annual food show that took place in Los Angeles last month .
At this years show , Snyder ’s of Hanover introduced their new gluten - free pretzels .
You would think this would be exceptional news , but in fact , some rather confusing information from a company representative outweighed any excitement over a company like Snyder ’s getting into the gluten - free market .
Jules Shepard , author and creator of Jules Gluten Free flour , had an unsettling conversation about the new gluten - free pretzels with a representative from Snyder ’s .
It seems that like several other companies , Snyder ’s might not have truly understood what catering to the gluten - free community actually entails .
If companies want to make “ no gluten ingredients ” products that are not actually gluten - free , that is their business .
Like it or not , there is a market for such items .
However , they should not be slapping a gluten - free label on such products , as they are not safe for people eating gluten - free for medical reasons .
After reading the letter that Jules sent to the CEO of Snyder ’s of Hanover , I knew I had to find out what exactly the company was stating about this new pretzel of theirs .
Was it gluten - free or was n’t it ?
It ’s a fairly simple question – or at least it should be .
When some executives from Snyder ’s returned my call about the issue , they seemed to have had a change of heart , if you will , about their new gluten - free pretzels .
At least that is my take on the situation .
The company is now reportedly planning to have the new pretzels certified by the Gluten - Free Certification Program .
If GIG puts their stamp of approval on the product , we can rest assured it will be gluten - free , period .
I can assure you we will meet the FDA proposed guidelines of 20 PPM per serving or less on this product .
We will continue to test our production runs through an outside laboratory to insure we maintain this level of
compliance . — — — – Claude O’Connor , VP Marketing , Snyder ’s of Hanover
People who avoid products made in shared facility and / or on lines that also process wheat do n’t have to worry about the new Snyder ’s pretzels .
For now , the company is clear about the fact that the gluten - free pretzels will not be made in a dedicated gluten - free facility .
As someone who just cares that the product is truly gluten - free , I plan to try them when they are available in my area .
Recently , I got a report of a product that is made in a non gluten - free facility that showed the product contained 0 ppm of gluten .
Another report of a gluten - free bar that is run on gluten processing equipment tested at 5 ppm .
It is not true that products not made in gluten - free facilities can not be gluten - free .
While it ’s wonderful that gluten - free is going mainstream , with that brings some companies who are jumping on the gluten - free gravy train without really knowing what they are doing .
It ’s the same situation when restaurants slap together gluten - free menus , but do n’t bother telling any of their employees what gluten is .
This snafu by Snyder ’s is not the first occurrence of this type of situation happening and it certainly wo n’t be the last .
As gluten - free consumers , we have to stand up for ourselves since currently there is no law regarding gluten - free labeling in the U.S .
Jules Shepard is a trustworthy member of our community and a concerned gluten - free consumer .
She took her valid concerns to Snyder ’s of Hanover and it seems that her words had quite an impact on how the company views – and will treat – the people they are marketing these new pretzels to going forward .
Kudos to Jules for taking the time to get involved in this important issue on our behalf .
Snyder ’s of Hanover also deserves some credit for listening to the concerns of the gluten - free community and changing their policies in order to meet our needs .
Gluten - free pretzels from Snyder ’s of Hanover will roll out to Whole Foods stores nationwide in mid May and into some mainstream grocery stores this summer .
Well there may be mixed opinions on the movie , but the book is a classic and hilarious as ever .
If you ca n’t afford the $ 5 for the paperback copy of the book , or just prefer reading on your computer ( weirdo ! ) , you can now access the entire book online in one giant page .
Could be useful for searching for your favorite quote at the very least .
The other books are available as well .
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe ; Life , the Universe and Everything ;
So long , and thanks for all the fish ; Mostly Harmless .
Via
It looks like a special effect , but it 's not .
What you 're watching is an F - 35B supersonic stealth jet spend 30 seconds suspended 150ft in the air , for the very first time .
Advertisement
The first successful hover test was piloted at the Patuxent River naval base by British pilot Graham Tomlinson .
This is n't the first aircraft that can take off and land vertically , of course .
But it 's the first of its kind with the capability .
The plan is for the F - 35B to replace the Harrier fleets of the US Marine Corps , Royal Navy , and RAF as soon as budget and production constraints allow .
But the technology is clearly ready for action now .
What I would n't give to get in a review unit .
[ The Register via Dvice ]
The new version ( 5.4 ) of OpenSSH has been released early this morning .
OpenSSH is THE free implementation of the SSH protocol available on common devices and operating systems .
The primary goal of OpenSSH is to allow remote access to hosts for management purpose .
But many other features make OpenSSH a real Swiss - army knife for all network and system administrators :
Multiple encryption methods ,
Files transfer using SCP or SFTP ,
Port forwarding ,
SOCKS proxy server ,
VPN ( tunneling ) ,
X11 forwarding ,
Multiple authentication methods and single sign - on ( via the agent - forwarding ) .
Some OpenSSH release just fix bugs or introduces light changes .
But today , the release 5.4 comes with a new exciting feature looking very interesting to me : the “ netcat mode ” .
Quoted from the release notes :
“ Added a ‘ netcat mode ’ to ssh ( 1 ) : “ ssh - W host : port … ” This connects stdio on the client to a single port forward on the server .
This allows , for example , using ssh as a ProxyCommand to route connections via intermediate servers . ”
Netcat can also be compared to a Swiss - army knife at TCP / IP level .
It is a multi- purpose tool which allows to read and write data across network connections .
Originally , it was a tool available on UNIX flavors but Netcat ( or “ nc ” ) is Â also available for Windows [ Note : the Windows version is often detected as suspicious by common anti-virus softwares ] .
Netcat lacks of … encryption ( if your original data are in clear text ) but now , with the brand new OpenSSH , we can pipe data safely !
Example # 1 : I ’m connected via a wild WiFi network or your Internet Service Prodiver does not allowÂ outgoing traffic via the SMTP port ( TCP / 25 ) : [ Note :
In this example and all others below , we assume that both server and client are running version 5.4 ]
$ ssh -p 443 - W gmail - smtp-in.l.google.com:25 xavier@server.acme.org xavier@server.acme.org 's password : 220 mx.google.com ESMTP a10si9247793bky.86 helo rootshell.be 250 mx.google.com at your service quit 221 2.0.0 closing connection a10si9247793bky.86 $
Example # 2 : Let ’s open a telnet session to an old switch without SSH support ( this time , I ’m authenticated using a key pair ) :
$ ssh -p 443 - W 192.168.254.101:23 xavier@server.acme.org
Trying 192.168.254.101 ... Connected to 192.168.254.101. Escape character is '^ ] ' .
User Name : ^ ] telnet > close $
But you will ask : “ What ’s the difference with the “ - L ” option available for years ? ” .
Indeed , for a while , OpenSSH allows port forwarding as in this xample :
$ ssh -p 443 - L 2300:192.168.254.101:23 xavier@server.acme.org
The SSH client will bind to port 2300 on the loopback and forward any incoming packet to the remote IP 192.168.254.101 .
But they are two constraints with the classic port forwarding method :
Once the SSH session has been opened and the port successfully binded , you need to use a native client to connect on this port .
And such command can be disabled by a local security policy or not installed at all !
A common usage is to create a tunnel for POP3 traffic ( TCP / 110 ) but a POP3 client will be required and reconfigured to use the localhost / port defined at the command line level .
SSH must bind a port to the localhost .
To bind a port below 1024 , you must have root privileges !
This can be a problem if the client cannot change the default port .
And even if the chosen port is above 1024 , traffic can be blocked by local firewall rules .
As OpenSSH connects STDIO to the remote host / port , you are free to type your commands or data , copy / paste them or pipe them to the SSH process .
Example # 3 : You need to transfer a binary file to a remote server which runs Netcat in listening mode but you do n’t have Netcat available on the current computer :
cat binary.jpg | ssh - W netcathost:4000 xavier@server.acme.org
This new “ netcat mode ” is IMHO a killer feature in this new release of OpenSSH but it should not shadow other changes such as :
SSH Version 1 support is now disabled by default !
After 10 - years !
A ‘ read - only ’ mode is available to sftp - server .
For a complete review of changes and bug fixes , have a look at the official announce .
Details Written by Maggie Amsler Published : May 24th , 2018
A mesmerizing symphony of pastel reds and blues entranced Palmer Station and many a camera the other morning .
The shifting color palette not only soothed and appeased our gray - weary community ; the lively color medley energized us as well .
This was the undeniable dawn of a new day and in retrospect for me a harbinger of the coda – shifting , waiting in the wings … .
Read more ...
Cops raided at least six stores on Nostrand Avenue in Brooklyn this afternoon , arresting eight and seizing a firearm and two pounds of marijuana .
For two months the " open drug bazaar , " between Atlantic Avenue and Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights has been under investigation , during which time undercovers purchased pot and cocaine more than fifty times .
( According to NBC , a pound of weed went for $ 1,100 . )
Many of the shops targeted for their over - counter drug sales were bodegas , reports ABC , though a jerk chicken place and a little CD store were also raided .
A tipster tells us that around 1:30 p.m. there were " About 100 cops everywhere , chopper still circling , SWAT guys ...
I looked in and they were pushing up the ceiling tiles with a machete . "
I underutilise C4 in BFBC2 .
Mainly because when I use the Recon Class I have the Mortar equipped .
However , you can use it with the All Kit sub -class .
When paired with Assault you have an infinite supply .
Generally I ’m all about killing the enemy as sneakily and cheaply as possible to prevent me from dying .
I think that ’s a fairly healthy attitude to have in game ( I do n’t suppose it would hurt to use that thinking in real life too ) .
That ’s why you ’ll often find me in vehicles or shoving a rocket launcher up someone ’s nose .
In the last game I played I tried out the QUUUAAAADDD suicide machine with mixed results – including not dying …..
But now I have something new to try … …
I enjoy SDM on Whitepass , but I think I ’m going to enjoy it more with those tips .
Lure some guys into a house , jump out the window and KABLAMMO !!
Peas and loaves .
Find me on PSN – evaDlivE
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
British Airways has withdrawn travel perks from its striking staff .
But exactly what have those affected lost ?
Many jobs come with perks , but few can rival those of the airline industry .
So when British Airways announced this week it was permanently withdrawing certain staff benefits from strikers , it prompted a harsh response from the striking workers ' union .
All BA employees , whether ground staff , cabin crew or pilots , are eligible for non-contractual travel perks , which take effect six months after joining the company .
Staff , and their family , or a close friend , qualify for heavily discounted air fares .
THE ANSWER Staff and family / close friend get tickets at 10 % of face value Reciprocal agreements with other airlines
But tickets are standby only - so there is no guarantee of a seat
BA strikers to lose travel perks
It means a family , who might shell out several thousand pounds for a long - haul holiday , can make the journey for a fraction of what most customers pay .
However , airport taxes must still be paid .
Tickets are for economy class , unlimited and cost just 10 % of the full fare .
But certain conditions apply - chiefly that all staff must travel standby .
A standby ticket entitles a passenger to travel a certain route but is not pegged to a particular flight .
So if the flight is full with fare - paying passengers , they must wait and hope for an empty seat on the next one .
And while there is a reciprocal arrangement - so BA staff can travel on other airlines - priority is given to each airline 's employees before competitors are considered .
Some tickets are upgradeable .
This privilege depends on an employee 's position in the company and time served , says a BA spokesperson , who declined to give specific details .
Each employee must nominate a set of people who can benefit from the discounted tickets .
Free tickets
This depends on their personal situation .
Someone who is married can bring along their spouse or civil partner and however many children they have .
A single person can bring a member of their direct family or a close friend .
Sometimes staff end up waiting days for space on a flight
But in any case , the people cannot be chosen haphazardly - they must be included in the worker 's list of " nominees " .
Most employees have between one and three people on their list , says a BA spokesperson .
It can be changed every six months .
The one hard - and - fast rule is that the employee has to be one of the people flying .
After five years of working for BA , employees get one allocation of free standby tickets each year .
Those with 20 years service receive an additional set each year .
Again , taxes still apply .
Staff travel perks are non-contractual and have traditionally been a huge incentive for drawing people into the industry , according to John Strickland , an aviation analyst and former BA employee .
But as air fares have fallen in recent years - thanks to budget airlines - their desirability has waned slightly .
Airline industry perks are guaranteed to be the envy of ordinary fare - paying passengers , but waiting for hours at an airport is one of the downsides , says Mr Strickland .
He remembers being stuck in Los Angeles for four days .
If he had n't left when he did , he would have been late for work - an excuse airlines do n't tend to accept , he says .
The budget deal " There 's always that risk element in it , " he says , noting how staff passengers will often only find out whether they 've got a seat minutes before a flight leaves .
" There 's definitely a lot of red - faced running to the gate . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines Paying customers " always come first , " according to BA .
Staff get low priority - if there is a paying passenger waiting for the flight , they get on before the worker .
And while such perks are available across much of the industry , not all airlines are in on the arrangement .
Staff with budget airline Easyjet have their own benefits scheme .
From their first day , they can log onto a special website to receive discounted fares to Easyjet 's network across 29 countries .
On average , an Easyjet employee pays £ 25 - 30 per ticket each way .
The unlimited travel is extended to workers ' dependents and up to three " nominated companions " .
Although the discount airline does not operate on a standby basis , the perks are restricted and staff can book flights up to three - months in advance .
" We recognise that our employees are vital to the success of Easyjet and we reward their hard work with some excellent benefits , " says spokesman Andrew McConnell .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
A chance meeting and a common interest in tectonic faults took Cristiano Collettini and Chris Marone to the Isle of Elba to sample a tectonic fault that breaks most of the rules of fault mechanics .
Their work reveals why these faults slip .
In May 2008 , Cristiano and I were at a workshop in the Italian Apennines to discuss a possible drilling project into the low - angle , normal faults ( ones that occur when the Earth 's crust is stretched ) in that region .
The faults in that region are an enigma because standard analysis shows that they should n't exist .
Cristiano had worked in this region , and knew of a well - studied , low - angle , normal fault on the Isle of Elba , the Zuccale Fault .
It is exposed on a beach on the far side of the main island , beyond the prison complex where Napoleon was exiled in 1814 .
We began talking about a trip to Elba during the meeting .
My family was on sabbatical in Rome during this time , and my wife had just had our fifth child , Massimo , in late March .
Cristiano's wife had also recently given birth to their second son , Simone .
Neither of our children was yet a champion sleeper .
Because our sabbatical was over at the end of June , we did n't have much time left to collect the samples , but how could we justify the fieldwork trip to our families ?
I could n't leave my wife at home with all five kids ( Massimo 's older siblings are Tino , two ; Linda , three ; Dan , 14 ; and Vicki 17 ) and Cristiano had a similar problem ( Simone 's brother Claudio is the same age as Tino , two ) .
We solved the problem by bringing Vicki , Tino and Claudio to Elba with us .
We arrived on a late afternoon in mid-June .
The walk from the beautiful beach to the fault was easy at first , but as we got closer , the beach narrowed and we began a rather rigorous climb ( for two - year - old legs ) up to the terrace where the fault was exposed .
As soon as we got there , the boys wanted to run up to the edge of the 15 - foot cliff bounding the terrace , but once they saw we were collecting rocks , they dug right in to " help . "
Soon the boys were bleeding from minor cuts and they began throwing rocks off the cliffs .
That was our cue that it was time to retreat to the beach .
The next day we enlisted Vicki to keep the boys at the beach .
By mid-afternoon we had collected a suite of samples , and the boys had n't accumulated any more scrapes .
Cristiano and the rocks arrived at Penn State in October to begin the lab - friction experiments .
We wanted to see if the fault rocks were weak enough to explain why low angle normal faults are active in that region .
I had done similar studies on fault rocks before , so we started with the standard approach , which is to crush the rock samples and construct layers of rock powder that we could shear ( abrade ) .
But Cristiano was insistent that we also measure the properties of the intact rock , by shearing it in the orientation it existed in within the fault zone .
Andre Niemeijer , who was then a post - doc in my lab , and Igor Faoro , an Italian graduate student , had been working to develop methods for cutting fragile samples , so we started testing ideas about how we could create a sample that was roughly 5 cm x 5 cm x 1.0 cm and which had the fault zone fabric parallel to the main sample faces .
Luckily , we had quite a bit of sample , because the first several attempts failed .
Then , Igor had a revelation and set up a makeshift sculpting studio by duct - taping a Shopvac hose to the leveling jig that held the sample and using a Dremel tool to sculpt the blocks .
When we began to run experiments we noticed a problem right away .
The rock powders had typical coefficients of friction ( ~0.6 ) , but the solid wafers of rock — that Andre and Igor were by now experts at sculpting — produced much lower values .
We were perplexed because we had made the powders and wafers from exactly the same fault rock samples , so the material properties should have been identical .
It 's not uncommon to find experiment - to - experiment variability in friction due to heterogeneities in the rocks , but differences this large were unheard of .
Even though all the samples were labeled in the field and packed in labeled containers , I thought we must have mixed them up .
So , we made more powders and wafers and started again .
The result was the same , and now we were perplexed .
The wafers were not perfectly homogeneous , but there was nothing visible to explain such large differences in steady - state sliding friction .
After we reproduced this curious result three times , on different pieces from the same fault zone unit , I decided to take the wafers , after shearing , and powder them .
That way we'd be sure that the bulk chemistry was the same in both cases .
We took each of the wafers and crushed them , and then made layers with the powders .
To our surprise , the new powders had friction values of ~ 0.6 !
It was n't until we made thin sections and started to think about the thin ( less than 10 millionths of a meter ) , but very abundant , seams of clays that we realized these fabric elements in the rock were acting in concert to produce a form of lubrication .
The role of fabric in rock deformation at high temperature had been well known for many years , but as a community , geophysicists working on faults in the brittle field had not considered that they could be so important as a possible mechanism for fault weakening .
Read more about the work in the press release It 's Not Your Fault .
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
Any opinions , findings , and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
More than 50 percent of all iPad users have a computer running some variant of Windows in their homes , according to data collected by advertising group Chitika .
Windows XP was the most popular OS among iPad users ( 19.2 percent ) , followed closely by Windows 7 , then Windows Vista .
Windows 2000 brought up the rear .
62.95 percent of the group had a computer running Mac OS X .
The numbers were taken from a sample of 74,780 IP addresses coming from iPads on Chikita 's network .
The firm then studied the IPs and looked for other machines coming from the same locations .
In order to weed out companies and retailers from their results , Chitika limited its list to IP addresses with five or fewer devices .
What 's unclear is whether Chikita checked those same IP addresses from before the iPad launch to see if other devices came from those IPs .
The firm also had no way to count machines that were offline , not connected to the Internet , or just were not served an advertisement by Chitika .
Chitika maintains that its findings show that , just like the iPhone , the iPad has bridged the gap between Apple and Microsoft users .
However , early adopters of any tech - related product are generally more tech savvy than the general population .
Those same users are likely to have at least one other machine on their networks , and many may even run different operating systems .
This does n't mean that the iPad wo n't eventually bridge the gap , but the data is n't robust enough yet to draw such a conclusion .
Space shuttle Endeavour stands ready on launch pad 39A as preparations for it's launch are finalized at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Fla. , Saturday , Feb. 6 , 2010 .
Endeavour , with a crew of six astronauts is set to launch early Sunday to the International Space Station .
( AP Photo / John Raoux )
( AP ) -- Endeavour and six astronauts rocketed into orbit Monday on what 's expected to be the last nighttime launch for the shuttle program , hauling a new room and observation deck for the International Space Station .
The space shuttle took flight before dawn , igniting the sky with a brilliant flash seen for miles around .
The weather cooperated at the last minute ; Sunday morning 's try was thwarted by thick , low clouds that returned and almost caused another delay .
" Looks like the weather came together tonight , " launch director Mike Leinbach told the astronauts right before liftoff .
" It 's time to go fly . "
" We 'll see you in a couple weeks , " replied commander George Zamka .
He repeated : " It 's time to go fly . "
Endeavour 's destination - the space station , home to five men - was soaring over Romania at the time of liftoff .
The shuttle is set to arrive at the station early Wednesday .
Zamka and his crew will deliver and install Tranquility , a new room that will eventually house life - support equipment , exercise machines and a toilet , as well as a seven - windowed dome .
The lookout has the biggest window ever sent into space , a circle 31 inches across .
It will be the last major construction job at the space station .
No more big pieces like that are left to fly .
Both the new room and dome - together exceeding $ 400 million - were supplied by the European Space Agency .
NASA began fueling Endeavour on Sunday night just as the Super Bowl was kicking off to the south in Miami .
The shuttle crew did not watch the game - neither did the launch team - but it was beamed up to the space station in case anyone there wanted to watch it .
The coin used in the opening toss flew to the space station in November , aboard Atlantis .
Endeavour 's launch also was broadcast to the space station residents , who got to watch it live .
Monday morning 's countdown ended up being uneventful , except for a last - minute run to the launch pad .
Astronaut Stephen Robinson forgot the binder holding all his flight data files , and the emergency red team had to rush it out to him , just before he climbed aboard .
The launch team could n't resist some gentle teasing .
The 13 - day shuttle mission comes at one of the most agonizing times for NASA .
Exactly one week ago , the space agency finally got its marching orders from President Barack Obama :
Ditch the back - to - the - moon Constellation program and its Ares rockets , and pack on the research for an as - yet - unspecified rocket and destination .
NASA 's boss , ex-astronaut Charles Bolden , favors Mars .
But he , too , is waiting to hear how everything will play out .
The space station came out a winner in the Obama plan .
The president 's budget would keep the outpost flying until at least 2020 , a major extension .
The spectacle of the night launch illuminating the sky attracted a crowd , including some members of Congress and federal big shots .
Endeavour shot through some thin clouds on its way into orbit , and its bright flame was visible for several minutes from the launch site .
But the roads were n't nearly as jammed as they were the night before .
More than 100 Europeans also were on hand because of the Italian - built Tranquility and domed cupola .
Within 15 minutes of taking off , the astronauts were enjoying " a beautiful sunrise " from orbit , with the moon as a backdrop .
" Wish you could be here , " Zamka called down .
" Great show , Endeavour , " replied Mission Control .
The four remaining shuttle flights to the station - in March , May , July and September - have daytime departures , at least for now .
A significant delay could bump any of the launches into darkness .
NASA has Obama 's permission to bump a mission or two into 2011 if safety needs arise .
Given all the changes coming , the mood around the launching site was bittersweet .
The manager in charge of preparing Endeavour for launch , Dana Hutcherson , said everyone was excited to be part of the first launch of the new year .
" But let 's face it , our KSC ( Kennedy ) team is going to have a challenging year ahead of us as the space shuttle is ending , " she said .
" It 's not going to be easy for us . "
Three spacewalks are planned during Endeavour 's flight to hook up the new station compartments , beginning Thursday .
The shuttle crew - five men and one woman , all Americans - will team up with the station residents to get the job done .
Aboard the station are two Americans , two Russians and one Japanese .
Bolden sees that same blend of nations in NASA 's future exploration efforts , whatever they are .
Explore further Clouds force space shuttle delay , next try Monday
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Killer whales .
Image : NOAA
Neuroscientist Lori Marino and a team of researchers explored the brain of a dead killer whale with an MRI and found an astounding potential for intelligence .
Killer whales , or orcas , have the second - biggest brains among all ocean mammals , weighing as much as 15 pounds .
It 's not clear whether they are as well - endowed with memory cells as humans , but scientists have found they are amazingly well - wired for sensing and analyzing their watery , three - dimensional environment .
Scientists are trying to better understand how killer whales are able to learn local dialects , teach one another specialized methods of hunting and pass on behaviors that can persist for generations -- longer possibly than seen with any other species except humans .
These researchers have yet to find evidence that an orca in the wild has ever killed a person .
But they are n't surprised that the world 's biggest , most powerful and possibly smartest predator , captured and kept for years in a tank , cut off from the influences of an extended family , could have a fatal encounter with a human .
Human interaction with captive killer whales has come under scrutiny since Feb. 24 , when a large male orca with a checkered past killed a trainer at SeaWorld Orlando by dragging her into a tank .
" I 'm not trying to second - guess what was in this particular whale 's mind , " said Marino , part of the Neuroscience and Behavioral Biology Program at Emory University in Atlanta .
" But , certainly , if we are talking about whether killer whales have the wherewithal and the cognitive capacity to intentionally strike out at someone , or to be angry , or to really know what they are doing , I would have to say the answer is yes . "
Years of tediously difficult research has given scientists some understanding of killer whales -- but also has made them aware of how little they know about the creatures .
For starters , there 's puzzlement over exactly how to categorize them .
They swim the world 's oceans -- they are more widely distributed than any whale , dolphin or porpoise -- in at least three distinct populations .
There are fish - eating orcas that stay in one area , flesh - eaters that wander more widely along coasts , and a third group that roams the deep - blue waters .
The three groups have starkly different diets , languages , hunting techniques and manners of behaving around other marine life , and they do n't seem to interact much with one another .
" If they did n't have the same paint jobs , you 'd call them different species , " said Brad Hanson , a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration biologist in Seattle .
Yet the orcas ' DNA tells a different story .
Instead of the world 's varied populations having genetics that spread outward like a tree with several main branches , theirs is but a single , nearly straight trunk , except for a mismatched pair of genes here and there .
" It 's very , very strange , " said Hanson , who participated in research that led to the listing of resident whales in waters off the Northwestern U.S. as endangered .
If genetic variety is n't what makes these killer - whale groups so different , scientists suspect , their enormous brains might be the telltale factor .
Bigger animals typically have bigger masses of brain cells .
But scientists use brain - weight - to - body - weight ratios as a rough measure of intelligence .
By that measure , human brains , by comparison , are seven times average .
Orcas ' brains are 2 1/ 2 times average -- similar to those of chimpanzees .
But scientist think that looking just at the brain - body ratio seriously underestimates the thinking power of larger marine mammals .
In other words , orcas might be even much smarter than the size of their big brain suggests .
Hal Whitehead , a biology professor at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia , awakened the world of cetacean research in 2001 when he co-authored a controversial paper that suggested no species other than humans are as " cultural " as orcas .
" Culture is about learning from others , " Whitehead said .
" A cultural species starts behaving differently than a species where everything is determined genetically . "
One example of a killer - whale culture , he said , is the teaching of a particularly difficult and dangerous hunting technique observed by researchers on Antarctic islands .
They watched as mothers repeatedly pushed their young onto beaches in pursuit of seals and sometimes had to drag their stranded young back into the water .
" They have their way of doing things , which they 've learned from their mother and their other relatives , " Whitehead said .
" Killer whales also are quite conservative animals , " he added .
" If this is the way they do things , then they are quite loath to do it another way . "
That last point , he said , is important to consider when it comes to orcas held in captivity .
" That 's pretty tough for any cultural animal , especially one from a conservative culture , " Whitehead said .
Equally remarkable to researchers is the orca 's ability to communicate with whistles and pulsed calls , and to " see " by making a clicking sound that works like sonar .
Many cetaceans -- whales , dolphins and porpoises included -- have these abilities to some degree .
But orcas learn local and complex languages that are retained for many generations .
And their bio-sonar , or echolocation , abilities also amaze researchers .
Professor Whitlow Au , of the University of Hawaii's Marine Mammal Research Program , finished a study recently adding to evidence that orcas can use their bio - sonar not just to find fish in murky water and not just to single out salmon , but to identify their favorite meal : Chinook salmon .
" They can recognize Chinook salmon from a long ways away , " said Au , who put the distance at roughly half a football field .
" They are able to use their bio - sonar to detect and track and eventually catch them . "
Sam Ridgway , a neurobiologist and research veterinarian at San Diego 's National Marine Mammal Foundation , which works for the Navy , said the orca brain has a relatively smaller amount of cerebral cortex -- the gray matter involved in memory , attention and thought -- than the human brain does .
But it has large - diameter myelinated axons , which carry nerve impulses .
" It 's analogous to a computer that has maybe less memory but bigger wires , " said Ridgway , who puts a high value on being able to work with orcas in captivity .
" The bigger the axon , the faster the nerve impulses travel . "
Patrick Hof , vice chairman of the Department of Neuroscience at New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine , summed up the orca noodle as a " big brain , a really big brain " with enormous capacity .
But whether that capacity creates the potential for intentionally killing a human is something for which there is " no scientific knowledge to prove , " he said .
" It 's a wild animal to begin with , and it has predatory behaviors that are well - known , " Hof said .
" It is possible that , in a situation of stress or captivity or stress related to captivity , some of the natural behavior might be expressed . "
Marino , the Emory neuroscientist , wonders about the extent to which a captive orca could grow frustrated with being cut off from the cultural richness of living among an extended family -- grandparents through calves -- and the environmental richness of swimming the world 's oceans .
" Living in a tank and having to splash people with your tail every day for 27 years would make anyone go nuts , " Marino said .
Explore further Orcas most polluted Arctic mammal
( c ) 2010 , The Orlando Sentinel ( Fla . ) .
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Ah yes .
Field day in the Corps .
I remember them well .
When Marines clean the barracks from top to bottom .
It 's also the day you play with the floor buffer and bust your head .
Good times .
Gary Jackson left Blackwater last year in a management shake - up
The former president of the US private security firm , Blackwater Worldwide , and four other former workers have been indicted on federal weapons charges .
Gary Jackson , who resigned last year , denies conspiracy to violate firearms laws , making false statements and possession of an unregistered firearm .
Also indicted were the former general counsel and executive vice - president .
The charges are partially the result of a raid in 2008 by federal agents who seized 22 weapons , including 17 AK - 47s .
Blackwater changed its name to Xe Services in 2009 , two years after its guards were involved in a shooting incident in Baghdad that left 17 Iraqi civilians dead .
They had been protecting US diplomats there .
Their actions outraged the Iraqi government and led to charges being filed in the US against several guards - accusations later thrown out of court after a judge found prosecutors had mishandled evidence .
' Straw purchases '
In addition to Mr Jackson , Blackwater 's former general counsel Andrew Howell , former executive vice - president Bill Mathews , former procurement vice - president Ana Bundy , and former weapons manager Ronald Slezak were indicted on Friday .
[ Mr Jackson ] will defend himself , as he defended this country , in what he calls the greatest justice system in the world
Kenneth Bell
Lawyer for Gary Jackson
They are charged with using " straw purchases " to stockpile automatic weapons at the company 's headquarters in Moyock , North Carolina , and filing false documents to cover up gifts given to the king of Jordan .
Prosecutors said the company signed agreements in 2005 , through which it financed the purchase of 34 automatic weapons for the Camden County sheriff 's office but was allowed to keep most of them at its armoury .
Federal law prohibits licensed firearms dealers to have more than two of the same style of weapon - the raid on Blackwater found 17 AK - 47s .
Law enforcement agencies are also allowed to have fully automatic weapons .
According to the Associated Press , the 2005 agreements between Blackwater and the sheriff 's office said the weapons would be kept under " lock and key " .
Blackwater became known when it was used to guard US personnel in Iraq Sheriff Tony Perry said at the time that his department only used the AK - 47s in shooting practice at Blackwater , while Mr Jackson said it had offered it a place to store the weapons as a gesture of " professional courtesy " .
The indictment also alleges that Blackwater officials , hoping to win a lucrative overseas contract for building and running a training centre , presented King Abdullah of Jordan with five firearms " to gain favour " .
However , they then realised they could not account for where the weapons had gone and falsified four federal documents " to give the appearance that the weapons had been purchased by them as individuals " , it adds .
Mr Jackson 's lawyer , Kenneth Bell , said the former Navy Seal was a true American hero and insisted the charges were false .
" He will defend himself , as he defended this country , in what he calls the greatest justice system in the world , " he told AP .
Xe spokesman Mark Corallo said it had fully co-operated with the federal investigation and declined to give further comment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tips for Choosing a Modern Website Design Melbourne
If you are in the process of planning out the right website design Melbourne for your website , you might want to make sure that it ’s as modern as possible .
After all , in today ’s world , just about everyone is online , so you probably want to be up to date .
These are a few tips that can help you choose a website design Melbourne that is right for today ’s day and age .
Make Sure
It ’s Mobile - Friendly
Nowadays , a shocking number of people use their smartphones and other similar devices as a means of browsing websites .
Because of this , you could be alienating a huge audience if your website is not mobile - friendly .
A company that is experienced in website design Melbourne should be able to help with ensuring that your website looks as good as possible on mobile devices .
Additionally , you ’ll want to keep mobile users in mind when creating content for your site ; for example , instead of long blocks of text that can look even longer on a smartphone , consider keeping paragraphs short and sweet .
Use Professional - Looking Graphics
A long time ago , the graphics that were used with your average Web design Melbourne from GMG were far from fancy .
Clip art and amateur animations were incredibly popular , and you could find them on even the most professional of websites .
Nowadays , however , there is really no reason to use graphics that are not completely professional - looking on your website .
There are a lot of graphic design programs out there that can help even the most clueless of beginners to create decent - looking graphics , for example .
However , you will probably want to skip on this as well for your professional website .
Instead , consider hiring a graphic design firm to help create the perfect modern graphics for your site .
You are sure to find that it ’s worth the cost when you see the difference it can make for your website .
Ensure Your Site is Secure
With so many people using their smartphones and computers for online bill pay , online shopping and more , there is an increased concern when it comes to online security .
If your website design Melbourne team does not put a focus on security , this can make your customers feel uncomfortable and could cause a lot of other problems .
Luckily , a good website design Melbourne company should be able to help ensure that your site is secure .
As you can see , there are various factors that you will want to think about when coming up with your website design Melbourne .
Find out more here : https://www.gmgweb.com.au
En Palacio Nacional se presentó la Estrategia Nacional Contra las Adicciones “ Juntos por la Paz ” , dirigida principalmente a jóvenes , para que mediante la escucha de sus familiares , eviten caer en el consumo de sustancias nocivas .
“ Este tema es una prioridad , el que podamos informar , orientar , concientizar , para que los jóvenes no caigan en el consumo de drogas , que no los enganchen , porque eso es el infierno , y que hay otras opciones para ser feliz , desde luego con actividades recreativas , sanas , el compañerismo , el deporte , el trabajo , el estudio , la convivencia familiar .
La vida es lo más bello que existe , no el camino de la felicidad efímera , el escape , la drogadicción , eso no es vida ” , aseguró el presidente Andrés Manuel López Obrador .
Hugo López - Gatell Ramírez , subsecretario de Prevención y Promoción de la Salud , comentó que la estrategia tiene un enfoque combinado para atender el fenómeno por tres vías , por lo que se trabaja en conjunto con las secretarías de Seguridad Pública , Salud y Bienestar .
Afirmó que las adicciones son la primera causa de muerte entre los jóvenes , por las lesiones y otros factores asociados .
Descartó que se trate de una campaña similar a la que se aplicó en Estados Unidos en los años 80 y que no funcionó .
Indicó que esta campaña no descarta ninguna alternativa adicional , como la despenalización de algunas drogas , aunque eso no será en este momento .
Por su parte , Ricardo Mejía Berdeja , subsecretario de Seguridad Pública , señaló que el gobierno federal combate y debilita el mercado de drogas , además de que se terminará con la cultura aspiracional del narcotráfico .
Indicó que se iniciará un “ bombardeo ” de mensajes mostrando el daño que causan sustancias como el fentanilo , que es 100 % más letal que la morfina y 50 % más dañino que la heroína .
A su vez , Lorena Rodríguez Bores , secretaria técnica del Consejo Nacional de Salud Mental ( Consame ) , recordó que el 2 de julio en Apatzingán , Michoacán , y el 22 de octubre en Ecatepec , Estado de México , ya se puso en marcha la estrategia debido a que son zonas prioritarias para la estrategia contra la adicción .
Explicó que realizó la feria de promoción de la salud , del deporte y de convivencia cultural , en la que participaron niños , jóvenes y adultos , principalmente .
El presidente López Obrador destacó que su gobierno destinará todos los tiempos oficiales a difundir información sobre la Estrategia Nacional para la Prevención de Adicciones “ Juntos por la paz ” , pues argumentó que si no se detiene el consumo de drogas en nuestro país , será complicado frenar la violencia .
Detalló que se difundirán mensajes en radio , televisión y periódicos , enfocados a explicaciones sobre qué es el Fentanilo , por qué se propagó y sus efectos .
Aclaró que no habrá una sobresaturación de mensajes .
Consideró que este flagelo de las adicciones es reversible , y se puede lograr que los jóvenes no lo conviertan en una forma de vida .
El mandatario criticó las series de televisión en las que se hacen ver que los narcotraficantes someten a los presidentes , viajan en autos y aviones de lujo y muestran alhajas .
Estimó que se debe terminar con esa cultura aspiracional .
López Obrador explicó que la estrategia contra las adicciones ofrecerá a los jóvenes opciones productivas y de bienestar , al tiempo que se fortalecerá la infraestructura en centros de paz para atender a los que inicien un tratamiento .
El Presidente no descartó la posibilidad de que su gobierno promueva la despenalización de algunas drogas naturales de uso lúdico como la mariguana y opioides , aunque por ahora se enfocará en la prevención .
Añadió que se abordará de manera inicial el aspecto del bienestar , antes de entrar en legislaciones en la materia .
jmonroy@eleconomista.com.mx
The California State University sought dismissal Monday of a lawsuit seeking documents related to a campus fundraising appearance by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , arguing that it has already released more than 3,000 records about the controversial event .
The request was in response to a lawsuit filed last month against Cal State Stanislaus and its private foundation by the nonprofit government watchdog group Californians Aware .
The lawsuit alleges that campus officials who are state employees are violating the California Public Records
Act by withholding documents related to Palin ’s June 25 appearance at the university ’s 50th anniversary gala .
The group and other open - government advocates have been seeking details of Palin ’s contract , including her speaking fee .
University officials argue that the event is being hosted by the Cal State Stanislaus Foundation , a private , nonprofit entity that is not subject to the Public Records Act .
The foundation has said that no public funds are being used for the event .
Palin ’s contract also includes a confidentiality clause , they said .
In papers filed Monday in Stanislaus County Superior Court , Cal State acknowledged that campus President Hamid Shirvani , Vice President of Advancement Susana Gajic - Bruyea and Business and Finance Vice President Russ Giambelluca are also officers of the foundation .
But the three are under no obligation to disclose information obtained while acting as foundation officers , Cal State argues .
“ If they are wearing their foundation hat , as long as the records they ’re using have not also been used in their university role , those records stay separate , ” said Cal State General Counsel Dawn S. Theodora .
Theodora said Palin ’s contract is a foundation record and thus not subject to the public records request .
Cal State has released thousands of other internal records , mostly e-mail exchanges dealing with media inquiries and letters from alumni weighing in on the Palin invitation .
Kelly Aviles , the attorney for Californians Aware , said the group will not drop its lawsuit .
“ Everything the foundation and university has done has comingled them together , ” Aviles said .
“ The contract would show one of the biggest expenditures for this event and we know this document exists . ”
As evidence of the university ’s involvement , critics cite a March 31 e-mail exchange in the released documents between Cal State Chancellor Charles Reed and the president of the speakers group that represents Palin .
“ The release of the fee , while well - intentioned to share all details , will likely only serve as the financial headline to a new round of stories rather than the intended purpose of clearing the air and making the stories go away .
Your event needs fewer story lines , less oxygen for the fuel , not more , ” wrote Bernie Swain , chairman of the Washington Speakers Bureau .
Reed agreed , responding in part , that “ the damage is done and the disclosure will just cause another round of newspaper stories . ”
Cal State defended Reed , saying that he supports transparency and initiated the conversation to request waiving the nondisclosure clause .
“ The chancellor has been put in an extremely awkward position because he tried to use his influence to release the information and they refused , ” Theodora said .
“ His help was misconstrued . ”
carla.rivera@latimes.com
COCHABAMBA , Bolivia - Bolivian President
Evo Morales said capitalism is to blame for global warming and the
accelerated deterioration of the planetary ecosystem in a speech today
opening an international conference on climate change and the " rights
of Mother Earth . "
More than 20,000 indigenous , environmental and civil society
delegates from 129 countries were in attendance as President Morales
welcomed them to the conference at a soccer stadium in the village of
Tiquipaya on the outskirts of the city of Cochabamba .
" The main cause of the destruction of the planet Earth is capitalism
and in the towns where we have lived , where we respected this Mother
Earth , we all have the ethics and the moral right to say here that the
central enemy of Mother Earth is capitalism , " said Morales , who is
Bolivia 's first fully indigenous head of state in the 470 years since
the Spanish invasion .
Morales is the leader of a political party called Movimiento al
Socialismo , the Movement for Socialism , which aims to give more power
to the country 's indigenous and poor communities by means of land
reforms and redistribution of wealth from natural resources such as
gas .
" The capitalist system looks to obtain the maximum possible
gain , promoting unlimited growth on a finite planet , " said Morales .
" Capitalism is the source of asymmetries and imbalance in the world . "
The Bolivian president called this conference in the wake of
what he considered to be failed United Nations climate negotiations in
Copenhagen in December .
Those talks produced a weak political agreement , the Copenhagen Accord ,
instead of a strong , legally - binding set of limits on greenhouse gas
emissions to take effect at the end of 2012 , as Bolivia and many other
countries had hoped .
Named " World Hero of Mother Earth " by the United
Nations General Assembly last October , today , President Morales warned
of dire consequences if a strong legally - binding agreement to limit
greenhouse gas emissions is not reached .
A new agreement is needed to govern greenhouse gas emissions
after the first commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol expires at the
end of 2012 .
This year 's round of international negotiations towards an
agreement began earlier this month in Bonn , Germany , and the next
annual United Nations climate conference is scheduled for Cancun ,
Mexico from November 29 .
" Global food production will be reduced by approximately 40
percent and that will increase the number of hungry people in the
world , which already exceeds a billion people , " Morales warned .
" Between 20 and 30 percent of all animal and plant species could
disappear . "
Global warming will cause the melting of the polar ice caps and
the glaciers of the Andes and the Himalayas , and several islands will
disappear under the ocean , " he warned .
The convocation this morning included a multi-cultural blessing
ceremony by indigenous peoples from across the Americas .
Speeches by
representatives of social movements from five continents focused on the
urgency of the climate crisis and the need for bold action that
protects both human rights and the environment .
The delegates are meeting in working group sessions this week to
develop strategies and make policy proposals on issues such as forests ,
water , climate debt , and finance .
President Morales has pledged to bring these strategies and proposals to the UN climate conference in Cancun .
" We have traveled to Bolivia because President Morales has
committed to bring our voices to the global stage at the next round of
talks in Cancun , " said Jihan Gearon of the Navajo Nation in Arizona ,
who is a native energy organizer with the Indigenous Environmental
Network .
" Indigenous rights and knowledge are crucial to addressing climate
change , but the United States and Canada have not signed on to the UN
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , and are pushing
corporate climate policy agendas that threaten our homelands and
livelihoods , " Gearon said .
" President Morales has asked our recommendations on issues such
as REDDs [ Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation ] , " said
Alberto Saldamando , legal counsel for the International Indian Treaty
Council .
" REDD is branded as a friendly forest conservation program , yet it is
backed by big polluters , " Saldamando said .
" REDD is a dangerous
distraction from the root issue of fossil fuel pollution , and could
mean disaster for forest - dependent indigenous peoples the world over . "
" We are here from the far north to stand in solidarity with our
brothers and sisters of the South , " said Faith Gemmill , executive
director of Resisting Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands
( REDOIL ) , who spoke from the stage at the invitation of President
Morales .
" We have a choice as human kind - a path of life , or a path of
destruction .
The people who can change the world are here ! "
I 'm Eric Hackborn , a computer programmer in sunny Portland , Oregon .
I like evenings curled up beneath the stars and long walks on the beach .
I dislike semisolids .
This is an open source project blog , where I post small applications written in one to two weeks .
Topics covered are mainly user experience and content creation .
Oh yes , and there 's the occasional bit of creative fiction .
contact : hackborn@angryredplanet.com
Over 6.5 million of the 15 million unemployed Americans have been out of work for 27 weeks or more .
As a percent , this is the highest number of long - term unemployed we have had since the Great Depression .
What is not discussed in this recession is the working poor and middle class have taken on the burden of this financial calamity disproportionately .
We are not all in this equally .
When was the last time you heard on the mainstream press that 40 million of your fellow Americans are now receiving food assistance ?
And when was the last time you heard that jobs for the middle class are still largely disappearing ?
Since much of the media represents the top 1 percent they assume all is well because Wall Street has been on a record breaking bailout rally .
At the same time , we have 30 percent unemployment at the lower end of our income scale .
The lower 30 percent are seeing depression like unemployment rates :
Source : Center for Labor Market Studies , Northeastern University
This chart really is a reflection of the current recovery .
For the bottom 40 percent , this recession is still extremely painful and realistic .
Yet the top 10 percent have an unemployment rate of 3.2 percent which is n’t necessarily a bad number .
When we break down the numbers , we realize that the middle class in this country is struggling to get by .
The 40 million on food assistance are scraping by .
The Wall Street stock market casino is merely a far away distraction to this group .
It would be one thing if the rally actually reflected a large boost in job growth in the real economy .
Yet last month a large part of the actual added jobs came from Census hiring from the government .
This is unsustainable .
If we break down the numbers further , we realize that employment is only good for the top 20 percent :
Many economists argue that a 5 percent unemployment rate is typically where a steady economy would hover around .
Yet look at the above chart .
You have to be in the top income deciles to even see this rate .
Anyone from the seventh all the way down to lowest cutoff point is feeling unemployment rates that are elevated from the “ normal ” point .
And part of this has to do with the top 1 percent controlling over 42 percent of all financial wealth .
While most have to work to pay their bills or stay current with their mortgage , we have a tiny percentage of our country that largely make money from watching their stock portfolio throw off dividends .
In fact , this has become a zero sum game .
The trillions in bailout money that went to Wall Street are trillions that did n’t go to creating jobs for working poor and middle class Americans .
How many jobs can you create with $ 13 trillion ?
Apparently not many if you give Wall Street most of it .
Most of the funds have been channeled into outrageous bonuses and keeping the fragile casino going further so they do n’t have to go out and actually work like most Americans .
The long - term unemployed are enormous and the below chart is incredible :
The chart just goes off the normal path in this recession because many of these jobs are gone forever .
Many of these jobs were essentially support positions for the Wall Street casino .
Now that Wall Street siphoned off enough money from the productive economy , they are now looking for other bubbles to expand .
It does n’t matter if it comes at the expense of the working poor and middle class .
In fact , this is what they want people to believe .
They want you to believe that they barely have enough to get by yet at the same time , are able to reward each other with billion dollar bonuses each quarter now that they have taxpayer money in hand .
This kind of hypocrisy and corruption is primarily why most Americans are simply not buying the nonsense perpetrated on Wall Street any further .
And U.S. households are making due with a lot less :
“ 65 % of American households get by with $ 65,000 a year or less .
This number is going to be lower once we get the 2009 Census data in September but after rising health care costs , more expensive education , and rising food costs many Americans are seeing their fixed costs go up while their wages move in the opposite direction .
But keep in mind there is a group that is actually benefitting from this entire cost cutting .
After all , the stock market is n’t up by 70 + percent by accident . ”
Since the recession started , we have added close to 500,000 per month needing food assistance :
How does this translate to a recovery ?
The trend has n’t even reversed yet those on Wall Street and the mainstream press being so out of touch with most Americans thinks all is now well because their dividends are still coming in .
That is clearly not the case and we stand at a crossroads to protect the middle class .
If we allow Wall Street to operate unchecked and like a casino , we are only setting ourselves up for another financial crisis that will be coming up in a short time .
Why would n’t it ?
We ’ve been in this boom and bust casino for the last few decades and each time this happens , someone gets rich .
The Goldman Sachs case is about a hedge funder who placed a major bet that American housing would collapse and made billions off of that bet .
What did this add to our economy ?
Clearly the working poor and middle class do n’t find amusement that you can bet on their failure and laugh all the way to the bank .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
* gnō- , Proto - Indo - European root meaning " to know . "
It forms all or part of : acknowledge ; acquaint ; agnostic ; anagnorisis ; astrognosy ; can ( v.1 ) " have power to , be able ; " cognition ; cognizance ; con ( n.2 ) " study ; " connoisseur ; could ; couth ; cunning ; diagnosis ; ennoble ; gnome ; ( n.2 ) " short , pithy statement of general truth ; " gnomic ; gnomon ; gnosis ; gnostic ; Gnostic ; ignoble ; ignorant ; ignore ; incognito ; ken ( n.1 ) " cognizance , intellectual view ; " kenning ; kith ; know ; knowledge ; narrate ; narration ; nobility ; noble ; notice ; notify ; notion ; notorious ; physiognomy ; prognosis ; quaint ; recognize ; reconnaissance ; reconnoiter ; uncouth ; Zend .
It is the hypothetical source of / evidence for its existence is provided by : Sanskrit jna- " know ; " Avestan zainti- " knowledge , " Old Persian xšnasatiy " he shall know ; " Old Church Slavonic znati " recognizes , " Russian znat " to know ; " Latin gnoscere " get to know , " nobilis " known , famous , noble ; " Greek gignōskein " to know , " gnōtos " known , " gnōsis " knowledge , inquiry ; " Old Irish gnath " known ; " German kennen " to know , " Gothic kannjan " to make known . "
Teen Sues County for Placing Her in Custody of Sex Offender Grandfather A Washington teen is suing after being sent to live with a sex offender .
April 9 , 2010  --
A Washington state teen is suing for millions of dollars in damages after she said a family court investigator " ruined her life " by knowingly sending her to live with her grandfather , a convicted sex offender who proceeded to abuse her nearly every day for a decade .
In court documents filed late last month , the unidentified teen claimed that she was just six years old when Cowlitz County Family Court Services investigator Mark Workingor took her from her mother and placed her in a home with her father and grandparents .
The teen said in the court documents that it happened in spite of her own father warning Workingor that his father , Vernil Jones , had been convicted of sodomizing a 10 - year - old girl .
" She went through 10 years of incest of every kind almost daily by her grandfather , " said Lincoln Beauregard , the attorney representing the teen .
" The bottom line is , regardless of where she lived , she should not have lived with a pedophile , " said Beauregard .
Jones since has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for the assaults against the teen .
Attempts to reach Workingor were unsuccessful , and messages left for Ron Marshall , the Cowlitz County 's chief civil deputy prosecutor , were not immediately returned .
Marshall told The Daily News in Washington that while he had no comment on the pending litigation , Workingor no longer was working for the county .
Teen Spent 10 Years With Abusive Grandfather Despite Warnings
Outlined in the court documents is the sequence of events that led to the teen being placed under the same roof as Jones .
In March 1999 , the teen 's father petitioned the court for custody of the then - 6 - year - old .
According to the court documents , the father told authorities that he was worried that the teen 's mother " neglects the child 's supervision , nutrition and hygiene " and had a " history of drug use . "
The father also claimed that his daughter suffered from " chronic head lice infestations " because of the " filthy home " the mother kept , according to the court documents .
The investigator found that while the teen 's mother had provided the majority of the teen 's care since she was born , she was doing so inadequately and awarded primary custody to the father .
Also included in the investigator 's recommendation was that any contact between the child and the sex offender grandfather " be supervised by either the father or the paternal grandmother . "
The teen 's lawyer referred to that recommendation as " outrageous , " and called the county 's decision to place the child with Jones " egregious . "
The teen 's lawyer said that his client decided to bring her case to the public 's attention in hopes of helping other children like her who have become victims because of the " egregious actions " of Cowlitz County .
" She hopes that bringing visibility to her case will be a form of justice to her , " said Beauregard .
Paul Di Filippo , whose Steampunk Trilogy originally made me fall in love with the subgenre , surveys the state of steampunk literature , and he is pleased .
In his witty essay , he points to Monty Python 's Terry Gilliam as a steampunk progenitor .
Advertisement
Writing for Barnes & Noble Review ( and , via republishing , Salon ) , Di Filippo assesses the literary world of steampunk .
Usually , when a subgenre goes mainstream and gets written up in the big media , that means it 's run out of ( pardon the pun ) steam , and there are no new ideas left .
But Di Filippo says that 's not the case here , and he cites a diverse range of recent books , from Scott Westerfeld 's Leviathan to Cherie Priest 's Boneshaker to Paul Guinan and Anina Bennett 's Boilerplate : History 's Mechanical Marvel , to prove it .
And then , discussing Dexter Palmer 's debut novel The Dream Of Perpetual Motion , he makes the brilliant point about Terry Gilliam :
The ex-Python gets too little credit as an outlier of the steampunk movement .
Films such as " Time Bandits " and , essentially , " Brazil , " certainly share affinities with hardcore steampunk , and Palmer echoes Gilliam 's method , moving his characters through an insulting , humiliating , and needlessly complex and hostile environment — in this case , the city of Xeroville .
But , as in Gilliam 's films , it 's also an environment that offers glimpses of magic and wonder .
Advertisement
We 've already reviewed Leviathan and Boneshaker , and Di Filippo 's writeup makes me want to track down a copy of the other two books as well .
[ Salon ]
Italian Pavilion Expo Shanghai 2010
The project , in fact , proposes a building which integrates a typical model of the Italian urban building , with the architectural structure of the Chinese construction game called Shanghai .
Distribution characteristics
The pavilion covers an area of 3.600 square metres and is 20 metres high .
Inside it is divided into irregular sections of different dimensions , connected by a steel bridge structure where the connecting galleries are visible .
If needed , the structure can be dismantled and reconstructed , on a smaller scale , in another part of the city .
Architectonic characteristics
The different sections of the building make up a geometrical variety symbolizing the tradition and regional customs which define the Italian identity : a type of mosaic of which each of the parts show a single picture .
The form also highlights the topographic complexity of Italian cities , with its numerous short narrow roads and alleys which suddenly open onto a large square , a characteristic which can also be found in the traditional Chinese urban centres .
A psychophysical effect of comfort is given by an internal garden , the presence of water and natural light which spreads throughout the area across the patios and by the walls .
New material
The building is decorated on three sides by a film of water that reflects the structure highlighting the natural shinny effects .
The brilliance of the structure is reproduced inside both via slits which evoke the narrow alleys between the city buildings , and also thanks to the use of transparent cement , a new , recently created multifaceted material .
Because of its particular and diverse component on the different sides of the building , this material generates a twofold architectural effect , from the outside a nocturnal effect of the liveliness inside , and from the inside , the outside daylight atmosphere .
The surface of the pavilion will appear transparent with the sides made up of self - cleaning glass .
Bioclimatic function
The Pavilion has been created as if it were a bioclimatic ‘ machine ’ with the aim of saving energy .
The photovoltaic elements integrated in the glass covering guarantee protection from radiation , while the light - technologies of the building not only aims at highlighting the spaces , but also favours the saving of energy .
Title : Italian Pavilion Expo Shanghai 2010 Architects : Giampaolo Imbrighi , Teresa Crescenzi , Antonello De Bonis , Cosimo Dominelli , Francesco Iodice ( iodicearchitetti ) , Giuseppe Iodice ( iodicearchitetti ) , Marcello Silvestre ( iodicearchitetti ) Client : Ministero degli esteri Project area : 6000 m2 Project year : 2008 - 2010 Imágenes gentileza > iodicearchitetti hacer click en las imágenes para ampliarlas
That ’s right folks , Apple has finally approved Opera for iPhone , which has started showing up in the international App Stores .
By now we ’ve only managed to get a screenshots of the Japanese App Store , which is listing the app as free in productivity .
[ Link ]
We ’ll keep you posted with our review .
But anyway , this is great news for all those who feared that Apple would n’t approve this .
Good job .
When I was 16 , I needed an easy job that could fund my many expenses ( like the two beers that got me drunk on the weekends and movie tickets for 7 pm on Fridays ) .
The mall was an obvious choice , since I ’d always have someone to hang with on breaks ( the place employed my entire high school ) and I ’d have a sweet employee discount .
This was a bad , bad decision .
Little did I know when I started at Abercrombie & Fitch that I would come home every night nursing sore legs and an achy jaw from a 5 - hour shift standing at the entrance asking shoppers to “ try our new sexy fleece . ”
( WHAT IS A SEXY FLEECE !?)
Then , it took me 4 days to wash the smell of boy ’s cologne out of my clothes , and do n’t even get me started on the hits my self - esteem took when I was banished to the stock room on bad hair days .
The place was a hell - hole and to this day I ca n’t walk past the shirtless girls modeling the newest bikinis the storefront without shuddering ( and it has nothing to do with the overwhelming scent of cologne ) .
So it makes me beyond joyful to find out that I ’m not the only one who thinks so .
Corporate Responsibility magazine ( do n’t worry – I do n’t have a subscription either ) is in the works to publish a corporate “ black list ” of the worst companies in America .
Not surprisingly , Abercrombie and Fitch is on the top of the list .
While Corporate Responsibility ’s reasons for blacklisting Abercrombie are a bit more…er …corporate than mine , I ’ve got a pretty good idea of why A&F is the Taco Bell meat of retail stores .
1 . They ’re grossly overpriced
$ 200 for a pair of ripped jeans and $ 89 for a simple sweater ?
And my personal favorite – $ 30 for a pair of plain flip - flops .
Why should I shell out big bucks just for a moose logo ?
It ’s a moose !
In this tough economy I ’d much rather go next door to American Eagle or Forever21 and find the same exact things for a third of the price .
2 . They ’re oversexed
Okay , so the giant walls of guys with 6 - packs might be nice , but Abercrombie degrades their employees and over - emphasizes physical appearance .
Did you know that everyone gets hired as either a “ Model ” ( meaning you get to work the floor , cash register , and greet ) , and an “ Impact Team Member ” ( meaning you ’re in the back stocking shelves and pinning clothes ) ?
Yep , since they can’t legally discriminate in hiring , they just stick the uggos in the back .
And the tan shirtless guys in the front , taking Polaroids with customers .
3 . The atmosphere sucks
The place REEKS of cologne ( we were required to spray “ Fierce ” around the store every 40 minutes ! ) , it ’s too dark to even see what you ’re trying on , and you can hear the techno bumpin ’ from the Food Court .
Seriously , is this a respectable shopping establishment or the freakin ’ Jersey Shore !?
Not to mention that you often get stuck in fake trees while sifting through the racks .
Seriously ?
4. Seasonal confusion
Sometimes it ’s winter , sometimes it ’s summer , but at Abercrombie seasons do n’t matter .
Puffy vests with booty shorts and legwarmers ?
Winter jackets paired with flip flops ?
Flowy , flowery miniskirts with boots and hoodies !?
As long as it ’s got the brand name on it , it seems like anything goes .
Until you step outside in the snow with your flip flops and soak the bottoms of your $ 200 skinnies , that is …
A San Marino man has been arrested for cultivating more than 700 marijuana plants in a sophisticated grow house near the El Monte Airport , police said Tuesday .
Neighbors had reported their suspicions about a townhouse on the 10900 block of Basye Street , with people coming and going at all hours of the night and blacked - out windows .
Detectives staked out the home and pulled over Alexander Moy , 33 , of San Marino as he drove away Monday afternoon , said El Monte Police Det. Ralph Batres .
Police obtained a search warrant for the home , where they found at least 700 marijuana plants in different stages of cultivation , along with commercial lighting and temperature control devices .
The operators of the grow house also had cut into the electrical meter to steal power from the utility Southern California Edison , Batres said .
I keep saying here that I 'm a small -l libertarian .
What does that mean ?
It means that I 'm not a member of the Libertarian Party , and do n't have any plans to become one .
Why ?
In part it 's because I think party identification encourages sloppy thinking and orthodoxy — it leads us to adopt positions not because we 've concluded those positions have merit , but because the tribe with which we identify has adopted them .
Also , to be blunt , it 's because the Libertarian Party and other bastions of libertarian officialdom ( as opposed to individual libertarians ) seem doomed to attract cranks and crazies , much to the detriment of libertarian ideas .
Case in point . . . .
Last year I wrote this post demonstrating that the Los Angeles Times had indulged in legally illiterate scaremongering about the PATRIOT Act .
In short , the Times asserted that a woman named Tamara Freeman was held under the PATRIOT
Act for misbehaving on an airplane , when in fact she was prosecuted based on a law that existed before the PATRIOT Act , based upon elements unchanged by the PATRIOT Act , for conduct that the Times substantially distorted and minimized .
In other words , the PATRIOT Act had nothing do to with it .
Here 's how I closed :
As I have often argued on this blog , citizens should remain vigilant about how our government uses the convenient excuse of the War on Terror to expand police powers and trammel rights in a manner unrelated to legitimate anti-terrorist efforts .
The media does it job when it reports on genuine abuses and expansions of power .
However , like the boy who cried wolf , the media does more harm than good when it does not do its homework before asserting that pre-existing norms and practices are actually new developments .
And the media certainly does n’t do its job when it attempts to sanitize someone like Tamera Freeman .
You would think that nobody could read that and conclude that I'm a Republican defending the PATRIOT Act .
You 'd be wrong .
Here 's the comment we got last night :
Hay [ sic ] dumbass Republican ’s [ sic ] you are not safer on airlines becuase [ sic ] the Gov’t uses the Patriot Act for trivial nonsense like this .
The LA Times was very correct in there [ sic ] reporting .
Welcome to the USSA
This was so dumb , so sub-literate , and so completely lacking in any sign of reading comprehension that I decided to Google the email address left with the comment .
To my surprise — wait , that 's misleading , to my regret — I discovered that the email address belonged to " Membership Chair " of a local branch of the Libertarian Party .
Surely , I thought , this must be some statist trying to discredit libertarians by trolling blogs with silly comments and leaving the email addresses of libertarian party officials .
Right ?
So I sent this person an email warning him that someone was misusing his email address using the name " Joe . "
No such luck .
Here 's what I got back :
No your [ sic ] the educated idiot .
If you think your [ sic ] safer on a plane because the Patriot Act is applied in this manner and a woman is denied her god given right of Habeas Corpus to go in front of a judge to answer to the charges brought against her then all I can say your a sad human being .
Got it !
Did I make myself clear enough this time ?
Yep , that sounds like the same commenter .
I replied rather brusquely , he replied in kind again :
O.K. Mr. Fed [ the name on the email address I used ] , let 's try this , you 're an educated moron .
Got it ?
Lay off the conspiracy crack pipe dude .
So when from the time she was charged with these " egregious " " trumped up " air crimes was it to the time she was brought before a judge ?
3 months ?
tyranny works on your mind not mine .
Take your meds and watch dancing with the stars .
Do n't insult my intelligence .
Nice blog !
I look up to controllers like you !
lol
Of course , anyone who actually read the post on which this idiot commented would see that I cited , and attached , multiple documents from Ms. Freeman 's federal criminal prosecution illustrating that she was not held incommunicado under the PATRIOT
Act in defiance of the Great Writ , but routinely prosecuted under pre-existing federal statutes , made multiple and timely court appearances , and only spent time in custody because nobody in her family would bail her out .
Again , the entire point of the post was to document that the PATRIOT
Act had nothing to do with the prosecution .
That level of reading comprehension seems to elude this idio .
As far as I can tell , he read one or two paragraphs of the post at random and then emoted .
There are several possibilities .
One possibility is that this person really is exactly this thick .
Another is that this person is engaging in the fine internet tradition of trolling , but using the email address he uses in his capacity of Membership Chair of his local Libertarian party .
That possibility is sort of a riff on the first one .
Libertarian ideas are important and worth exploring seriously .
That 's why we 've blogged about post - 9/11 idiocies and abuses by the TSA , police misconduct , the encroaching Nanny State , and the excesses of the War on Drugs .
If you care about these issues , you should examine them carefully and draw your own conclusions .
When you follow a party , or a party 's platform , you are letting people like this idiot decide issues for you .
April 1 , 2012 : In the original version of this post , I published the email address of the person in question , and called him by name ( and named the local organization of which he was an official .
In a thread that was recent as of April 1 , 2012 , a commenter " Christoph " pointed out that this seemed to contradict values I 've expressed elsewhere .
Two years later , I do n't recall my exact thinking in doing so .
This jackass was not extremely personally abusive or threatening ( two things that might cause me to out someone ) .
I believe that I thought that it was newsworthy that an officer of a local political party would leave such comments using an email address so easily traceable to him , and double down when written .
But on reflection , that point could have been made the way I did it above , without the name or email address .
To the extent that my post suggested that the guy was a sub-literate choad who reflects badly on the political group that makes him a " Membership Chair , " I stand by it .
But outing him was not necessary to that end , and contradicted principles I 've talked about here and generally try to stand for .
So : I apologize to the jackass in question for outing him , though not for calling him a jackass .
On further reflection , I 'm not going to write a new post about this .
Popehat is substantially more trafficked now than it was two years ago , and the effect ( given the availability of Gooogle Cache ) would be to draw more attention to the name and email address I previously published .
– Ken
Last 5 posts by Ken White
Maynard - based Stratus Technologies celebrates its 30th anniversary on May 5th , and to mark the milestone , the maker of ultra-reliable servers asked its customers this question : who among you has been running a Stratus server the longest , with no unscheduled outages ?
They found a Michigan manufacturing firm , Double Eagle Steel Coating Company , that has had the same Stratus server humming away since 1993 , the start of Bill Clinton 's first term in office .
( The company - supplied photo at right shows how customers can swap out CPUs and other components while the server stays up . )
I love the quote in Stratus ' press release from IT engineer Phil Hogan at Double Eagle : " Around Y2 K we thought it might be time to update the hardware , but we just did n't get around to it . "
I was also curious whether there are any current Stratus employees who have been with the company since the start .
I 'm told there are at least three , all senior technical consultants : Otto Newman , Richard Barnes , and Paul Green .
Stratus , originally known as Stratus Computer , competed with Digital Equipment Corp. back in the good old days ; once publicly - traded , it is now owned by private equity firms ( and is based in DEC 's old headquarters on Powdermill Road . )
Important Updates To Grand Theft Auto IV and Episodes from Liberty City
We are making a number of changes to make sure players who own Grand Theft Auto IV and GTA : Episodes from Liberty City can continue to enjoy these games .
New Players
the following services will no longer be available in Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition
Games for Windows Live
Multiplayer mode
Leaderboards
RamJam FM , Self - Actualization FM , and Vice City FM ( previously available in Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City )
Current Players
Steam Users
Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City will be removed and replaced with GTAIV : Complete Edition in the launcher library .
Update file size is expected to be approximately 22GB
Grand Theft Auto IV owners will download content from Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City and their game will update to GTAIV : Complete Edition .
Update file size is expected to be approximately 6GB
Physical Media
Games not previously activated using Games for Windows Live will be able to use the Key on the back of the game manual to activate and update to Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition
Games for Windows Live Digital Store Purchases
Games previously activated using Games for Windows Live will require players to create and / or link their Social Club accounts in replacement of Games for Windows Live to update to Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition
Starting 03/19/2020 , Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition will replace both Grand Theft Auto IV and Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City wherever it is currently digitally available .
Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition will as also be available via the Rockstar Games Launcher .
Current game save files will be compatible with Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition .
As a result of this updateThe following Radio Stations will be temporarily unavailable in Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete EditionBecause Japanese is a supported language for Grand Theft Auto IV , but is not supported for Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City , players will continue to be able to play Grand Theft Auto IV with Japanese sub - titles but will need to select another language in order to play Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City .
Players who have previously installed and played Grand Theft Auto IV or Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City will be able to update their copy to Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition through the following means : Depending on the game , players on Steam will need to install or update their current game :
New activations from players trying to install current copies of Grand Theft Auto IV may be disrupted until Grand Theft Auto IV : Complete Edition is available .
All users will need to be connected to the internet and authenticate their copy of the game .
Task Queue task chaining done right
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , taskqueue , app- engine , cookbook , deferred
One common pattern when using the Task Queue API is known as ' task chaining ' .
You execute a task on the task queue , and at some point , determine that you 're going to need another task , either to complete the work the current task is doing , or to start doing something new .
Let 's say you 're doing the former , and your code looks something like this :
def task_func( ) : # Do some stuff deferred .defer( task_func ) florb #
This line causes an error
I 'm sure you can guess what happens here .
You successfully do some work , successfully chain the next task , then you encounter an error .
Your code throws an exception , and returns a non -200 status code to the task queue , which notes the failure and schedules your task for re-execution .
When it re-executes , the whole thing happens all over again ( if your error is persistent , instead of transient , like the above ) .
Meanwhile , the task you enqueued runs .
Perhaps it also fails after chaining its next task .
Now you have two repeatedly executing tasks .
Soon you have 4 - then 8 - then 16 - and so forth .
Disaster !
" Ah , " you may say smugly , " I do n't do anything important after chaining the next task .
Nothing that could fail , at any rate ! "
Drop the smugness , however : Even if you do nothing wrong , it 's possible ( though admittedly unlikely ) that the task queue can re-execute your task anyway , causing the same problem .
This is why tasks are required to be idempotent .
So how do we work around this ?
The solution is straightforward : use task names .
Task names ensure that the chained task is only enqueued once , even if the task doing the chaining gets re-executed repeatedly .
There are many ways to derive a task name ; here 's one :
def task_func ( task_id ) : # Do some stuff try : task_id += 1 deferred.defer( task_func , task_id , _name= ' task_func( %r ) ' % task_id ) except ( taskqueue.TaskAlreadyExistsError , taskqueue . TombstonedTaskError ) : pass florb #
Still errors , but the chained task only gets added once !
The important thing to do is to ensure that the task name is unique , but remains the same if the task gets run multiple times .
In this case , we pass in a task_id , and use that to generate the task name , incrementing the ID before passing it to the chained task , so the chained task uses the next ID , and so forth .
When we start off the first task , we simply have to make sure that we assign it a unique ID number .
Naturally , the same applies if your task fires off multiple other tasks - just ensure you use a unique , consistent name for each .
If you want to see this in practice , the bulkupdate library makes use of this pattern , constructing task names from the datastore ID of the bulkupdate job ( to ensure uniqueness ) and the number of the chained task ( to ensure consistency ) .
Disqus
Brian Cox : Science funding
Do you plan to maintain Britain 's science budget below the European average ?
Britain 's future depends on a vibrant research base and the ability of innovators to exploit the country 's intellectual capital to generate new home - grown , high tech industries .
Despite this , our national R&D spend as a proportion of GDP remains near the bottom of the G8 .
There is no room for complacency .
Because we believe that science is vital to our economic recovery , we have pledged not to cut the science budget in 2010 - 11 .
However , because of the current economic situation , we believe it would be irresponsible to make any financial commitments beyond that until the situation can be properly reviewed .
We also recognise the true position the UK is in , which is not as labour describe .
This does not , however , mean we are suggesting cuts .
Unlike the other parties , we have not protected any budgets - if we had , then it would be almost inevitable that non-protected budgets ( like science ) would suffer .
We have also said in our manifesto that past Governments have been too obsessed with the City of London , and that instead we want to build " an economy based on innovation and sustainability " .
Science must inevitably play a key role in that .
We have also pledged to respect the science " ring - fence " , where once the science budget is allocated through the Comprehensive Spending Review Process , it is not used for other purposes .
Alternative medicine
If the balance of evidence suggests that a treatment does not perform any better than placebo , should it be supported by the NHS ?
Liberal Democrats believe that all health interventions paid for by the NHS should be as evidence - based as possible , so that patients get the best treatments and taxpayers get value for money .
We have said that we would ask NICE to examine all Complementary or Alternative Therapies that may be being used on the NHS to see if their use if cost - effective .
If NICE 's advice was that the treatment did not perform better than placebo , then of course it should not be supported by the NHS .
Simon Singh : Libel
What will your party do to reduce the chilling effect of our libel laws on science ?
Currently there is no statutory public interest defence , so scientists risk running the gauntlet of London 's High Court if they publish material they believe to be in the public interest , but that a major corporation or litigious charlatan believes to be libellous .
Our party recognises the importance of free speech to science , as well as other fields .
We do n't talk about draft bills or more reviews we specifically say we would legislate to :
· Introduce a statutory public interest defence which covered responsible journalism , protected fair comment , as well as explicitly covering peer - reviewed work
· Prevent large corporations suing individuals for libel , as we believe the asymmetry of resources unbalances the legal system
· Bring in a single date of publication rule for the internet
· End libel tourism
· Reduce the costs of bringing and defending libel claims , while maintaining access to justice
Climate change / Energy
Should nuclear power be part of our country 's strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions ?
How soon can we bring new plants online ?
No – the evidence we have seen shows that nuclear power is an extremely expensive way to generate electricity , and would require at least a decade to come into effect .
That 's time we do n't have if we want to play our role in stopping runaway climate change , but would therefore have to spend continuing to use fossil fuels .
We would prefer to use the enormous subsidies that would be needed for nuclear to invest in renewable energy and insulation , which would be a cheaper and quicker way of reducing emissions .
You can find fully costed details of this plan in our manifesto .
David Nutt : Drug policy
To what extent should drug policy be based on scientific evidence ?
What evidence , if any , would you require to declassify a drug ?
Drugs policy influences both public health and criminal justice , so it is vital that we get it right if we are not to blight the lives of thousands of people .
Our approach is one of supporting policies which offer the best chance of reducing harm to individuals and to society , rather than stigmatising users or appeasing tabloid editors .
We would therefore classify drugs based on what the best scientific evidence .
If the evidence suggested that the best way to reduce the harm associated with a drug was to declassify it , we would do so .
We would make the ACMD properly independent and guarantee the independence and academic freedom of all scientific advisory committees by including in the ministerial code the Sense about Science - hosted principles without the Government 's proposed adulteration .
Animal testing
Is animal testing necessary ?
Are the ethical concerns outweighed by the benefits ?
How would you like to see regulations on animal testing change under your government , if at all ?
It is not a case of ' ethical concerns outweighing benefits ' .
It would be unethical not to do animal research , given the enormous potential and past benefits to medicine and public health that such research has brought .
It has been vital in work on dialysis , diabetes , transplants , and the polio vaccine , to give just a few examples , and could be vital in the search for treatments for HIV / AIDS and malaria eradication .
We would maintain the current strict welfare standards on animal research , and support the replacement , refinement , and minimisation of the use of animals in research as far as possible , so that only the research which is completely necessary is done .
We therefore oppose the use of animals in testing cosmetics or household products .
Petra Boynton : Public health
How will your party ensure public health / education campaigns are underpinned by evidence , and how will you evaluate their success ?
PR companies are increasingly influential in directing both the content and delivery of public campaigns , frequently at the expense of expertise from scientists , healthcare providers and academics .
Given that public money is spent on such campaigns , and public health is at stake , such interventions need to be as effective as possible .
We would therefore use polling data collected before and after campaigns to evaluate their success in order to inform future campaigns , as well as Randomised Controlled Trials ( RCTs ) or other rigorous ways of evaluating the success of interventions .
We would consult with expert scientists and medics in the initial design of such campaigns .
Genetic engineering / Stem cell research
Should Britain be at the forefront of research in these areas ?
What benefits do you believe such research will bring for society ?
Genetics and stem cell research show enormous potential for spurring advances in regenerative medicine , amongst other fields .
Such work may be key to understanding and possibly treating diseases which blight people 's lives , such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson's , as well as traumatic injuries .
These have obvious direct benefits to society .
But Britain 's involvement and expertise in such research will also make us an international beacon for intellectual capital , enriching our research institutions and universities .
We think this will inspire new generations of scientists to embark on careers in research , who will in turn make the medical and scientific breakthroughs of the future .
This is a free vote issue but Lib Dem MPs overwhelmingly supported this research , while Conservative MPs voted overwhelmingly against allowing such research during the passage of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act in 2008 .
Ben Goldacre : Pharmaceutical regulation
Do you believe pharmaceutical companies should be forced to publish all the research data they have on the potential benefits and harms of drugs they manufacture ?
Yes , they should .
Studies have shown a publication bias whereby positive results of drugs trials are disproportionately represented .
Public health depends on a good evidence - base , and a publication bias clearly skews that evidence - base .
It is also in the interests of the pharmaceutical industry itself to be more and pro-actively transparent as the Vioxx episode shows .
Pandemic readiness
Do you believe the swine flu pandemic posed a significant risk to Britain ?
What action would your government take if a similar situation emerged in the future ?
Politicians are woefully under-qualified to judge whether a particular virus poses a threat to Britain .
That is the job of expert scientific advisers .
Our Government would work with domestic and international health organisations to follow the best available advice from scientists in any similar , future scenario .
We reject the idea that if a worst case scenario does not come to pass then the advice or policy was wrong .
These are difficult risk assessment judgements at a scientific and policy level .
Wettability — the degree to which a liquid either spreads out over a surface or forms into droplets — is crucial to a wide variety of processes .
It influences , for example , how easily a car ’s windshield fogs up , and also affects the functioning of advanced batteries and fuel - cell systems .
Until now , the only way to quantify this important characteristic of a material ’s surface has been to measure the shapes of the droplets that form on it , and this method has very limited resolution .
But a team of MIT researchers has found a way to obtain images that improves the resolution of such measurements by a factor of 10,000 or more , allowing for unprecedented precision in determining the details of the interactions between liquids and solid surfaces .
In addition , the new method can be used to study curved , textured or complex solid surfaces , something that could not be done previously .
“ This is something that was unthinkable before , ” says Francesco Stellacci , the Paul M. Cook Career Development Associate Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at MIT , leader of the team that developed the new method .
“ It allows us to make a map of the wetting , ” that is , a detailed view of exactly how the liquid interacts with the surface down to the level of individual molecules or atoms , as opposed to just the average interaction of the whole droplet .
The new method is described in a paper appearing on April 25 in the journal Nature Nanotechnology .
The lead author is postdoctoral fellow Kislon Voïtchovsky , and the paper is coauthored by Stellacci and others at MIT , in England , and in Italy .
Stellacci explains that the ability to get such detailed images is important for the study of such processes as catalysis , corrosion and the internal functioning of batteries and fuel cells , and many biological processes such as interactions between proteins .
For example , Voïtchovsky says , in biological research , “ you may have a very inhomogeneous sample , with all sorts of reactions going on all over the place .
Now we can identify certain specific areas that trigger a reaction .
” The method , developed with support from the Swiss National Science Foundation and the Packard Foundation , works by changing the programming that controls an Atomic Force Microscope ( AFM ) .
This device uses a sharp point mounted on a vibrating cantilever , which scans the surface of a sample and reacts to topology and the properties of the sample to provide highly detailed images .
Stellacci and his team have varied a key imaging parameter :
They cause the point to vibrate only a few nanometers ( as opposed to tens to hundred of nanometers , which is typical ) .
“ By doing so , you actually improve the resolution of the AFM , ” Stellacci explains .
The resulting resolution , fine enough to map the positions of individual atoms or molecules , is “ unmatched before with commercial instruments , ” he says .
Such resolution had been achievable before with very expensive specialized AFMs , of which only a few exist in the world , but can now be equaled by the much more common commercial models , of which there are thousands .
Stellacci and his colleagues think the improved resolution results from the way the vibrating tip causes the water to repeatedly push against the surface and dissipate its energy there , but this explanation remains to be tested and confirmed by other researchers .
With their demonstration of both a 10,000 - fold improvement in resolution for the specific function of measuring the wetting of surfaces and a 20 - fold improvement in overall resolution of the lower - cost AFM , Stellacci says it ’s not clear which of these applications will end up having more impact .
Arvind Raman , a professor and university faculty scholar in mechanical engineering at Purdue University , agrees that these advances have significant potential .
The method demonstrated by this team , which Raman was not involved in , “ can routinely achieve atomic resolution on hard surfaces even with commercial AFM systems , and it provides great physical insight into the optimum conditions under which this can be achieved , both of which are very significant achievements , ” he says .
“ I really think many in the AFM field will jump on this and try to use the technique .
” Raman adds that while the team ’s interpretation of why the method works as it does offers “ one possible mechanism behind the image formation , other plausible mechanisms also exist and will need to be studied in the future to confirm the finding . ”
WEST VALLEY CITY —
A man allegedly found everything he needed to commit a crime in Walmart , including burglary tools , according to police .
Police say the man entered Walmart , 3180 S. 5600 West , about 2:30 a.m. Friday .
The man first went to the hardware section , where he got a crowbar , said West Valley Police Capt .
Tom McLachlan .
The man next walked to the electronics section , where he allegedly used the crowbar to pry open a display case and take several iPods and Nintendo DS game systems , McLachlan said .
The man loaded the items into a shopping cart and headed for the door .
A customer who witnessed what happened confronted the man but backed down after the man pulled out a knife and threatened him , McLachlan said .
The man loaded some of the items into a car , left some of the merchandise in the cart and drove off .
Witnesses were able to a get a license plate number , but it was registered to a vehicle that was listed as stolen , McLachlan said .
The suspect was described as a white male in his mid-20s , about 5 feet 11 inches tall and 150 pounds , with short brown spiky hair .
He was last seen wearing a blue hoodie and blue jeans .
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 801-840-4000 .
— Pat Reavy
If research results continue to be repeated and are turned into clinical trials , a drug already approved for some uses could be marshaled -- sooner than we expect -- to prevent Alzheimer 's disease in humans and improve health to the end of life .
A few weeks after a report that rapamycin , a drug that extends lifespan in mice and that is currently used in transplant patients , curbed the effects of Alzheimer 's disease in mice , a second group is announcing similar results in an entirely different mouse model of early Alzheimer's .
Both reports are from The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio , where the rapamycin studies are conducted in the Sam and Ann Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies and in basic science departments .
The second report , to be published April 1 by the Public Library of Science in the online journal PLoS ONE , showed that administration of rapamycin improved learning and memory in a strain of mice engineered to develop Alzheimer's .
The improvements in learning and memory were detected in a water maze activity test that is designed to measure learning and spatial memory .
The improvements in learning and memory correlated with lower damage in brain tissue .
Less sticky
" Rapamycin treatment lowered levels of amyloid - beta - 42 , a major toxic species of molecules in Alzheimer 's disease , " said Veronica Galvan , Ph.D. , assistant professor from the Barshop Institute and the Department of Physiology .
" These molecules , which stick to each other , are suspected to play a key role in the early memory failure of Alzheimer 's . "
This strain of mice has been engineered to have defects in the genes that make amyloid precursor protein , ultimately resulting in the abnormal accumulation of amyloid - beta - 42 that dampens synaptic connections .
Synapses are junctions where neurons communicate with each other , providing the essential " wiring " for normal function of the brain .
Without this communication , neurons die , leading to the memory losses seen in Alzheimer's .
advertisement
Longer life for mice
In July 2009 , Barshop Institute researchers and colleagues at two other institutions reported that microencapsulated rapamycin extended the life span of mice , possibly by delaying aging .
A bacterial product first isolated from soil of Easter Island , rapamycin is approved by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration to prevent organ rejection in transplant patients .
Rapamycin is the first pharmacologic intervention shown to extend life in an animal model of aging .
If rapamycin treatment indeed delays aging in mice , are age - associated diseases , such as Alzheimer 's , delayed or blocked ?
The new study , authored by Spilman et al , sought to answer this question .
In the study , the same rapamycin - supplemented diet as in the life span study was fed to groups of the Alzheimer 's - susceptible mice and their normal littermates .
A non-rapamycin diet was fed to control groups .
Rapamycin feeding began at 4 months of age , when the susceptible mice show high amyloid - beta - 42 levels and synaptic dysfunction , but do not yet have amyloid beta plaques or spatial memory impairments .
Get out of the water
After 13 weeks of treatment , all groups were trained in the water maze exercise to see how quickly they could learn to exit the water via a hidden platform .
Doing so requires the use of spatial cues , such as patterned posters or photos , positioned all around the water tank .
The Alzheimer 's model mice that were fed the control diet predictably showed significant losses in learning and memory and reduced performance .
advertisement
" Strikingly , the Alzheimer 's mice treated with rapamycin displayed improved performance on the maze , even reaching levels that were indistinguishable from their normal littermates , " Dr. Galvan said .
" Levels of amyloid - beta - 42 were also reduced in these mice after treatment , and we are seeing preserved numbers of synaptic elements in the brain areas of Alzheimer 's disease mice that are ravaged by the disease process . "
Intriguingly , differences in resistance to swimming in the middle of the pool ( a measure of anxiety ) and in floating ( a measure of hopelessness ) were not observed among groups .
" This suggests that improved performance in rapamycin - treated , Alzheimer 's - susceptible mice is a result of effects on purely cognitive processes but is not due to effects related to non-cognitive components of behavior , such as helplessness and anxiety , " Dr. Galvan said .
Changing a toxic process
" The fact that we are seeing identical results in two vastly different mouse models of Alzheimer 's disease , " Dr. Galvan added , in reference to the recent study by Caccamo et al , " provides robust evidence that rapamycin treatment is effective and is acting by changing a basic pathogenic process of Alzheimer 's that is common to both mouse models .
This suggests that it may be an effective treatment for Alzheimer 's in humans , who also have very diverse genetic makeup and life histories . "
Grants from the Alzheimer 's Association and the National Institute on Aging supported the study .
Co-authors are Drs. Patricia Spilman , Natalia Podlutskaya , Matthew J. Hart , Jayanta Debnath , Olivia Gorostiza , Dale Bredesen , Arlan G. Richardson , Randy Strong and Veronica Galvan .
Collaborating institutions are the UT Health Science Center San Antonio ( Barshop Institute , departments of Physiology , Pharmacology , Cellular and Structural Biology , and Molecular Medicine ) ; the South Texas Veterans Health Care System ( Geriatric Research , Education and Clinical Center and Research Service ) ; the University of California , San Francisco ( Department of Pathology ) ; and the Buck Institute for Age Research , Novato , Calif .
Get 3 Years With Speedify Channel - Bonding VPN for $ 59.99
If you want to avoid being tracked online , using a VPN is essential .
Speedify 10 Bonding VPN combines multiple channels to provide fast , reliable protection .
Right now , you can pick up a three - year subscription for just $ 59.99 .
Like many pieces of modern medical equipment , X - ray machines are as bulky and energy dependent as they are vital .
Even " portable " X - ray machines remain too heavy to carry across rough terrain , and too energy hungry to run off batteries .
That 's why Radius Health 's portable , low energy X - ray machine may revolutionize medicine in disaster zones , on the front lines , and at patients homes .
By using pyroelectric crystals as an X - ray source , Radius Health has created a machine small enough to fit in a suitcase , light enough to deploy anywhere , and energy efficient enough to run on a laptop battery .
By David Harsanyi - April 2 , 2010
So Henry Waxman , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , is demanding that citizens justify their political speech under oath .
Nervous Nellies doubtlessly will characterize this as an " overreach . "
Crybabies will grouse about the " chilling " effect or the " muzzling " of dissent .
Yet in these heady days of change , it 's all about context .
In this case , you 'll be relieved to know , we 're talking about CEOs .
These people take home considerably more pay than I do .
Accordingly , they deserve to sit through hours of absurd inquires from sanctimonious politicians as a matter of karmic justice .
What they do n't deserve is free speech .
The president ably expounded on the matter in the State of the Union address : Corporations should not be entitled to the same constitutional protections as the rest of us .
With this in mind , it should surprise no one that Waxman has requested the " personal testimony " of a few CEOs , who have reported billions of dollars in negative impact to their businesses -- per Securities and Exchange Commission disclosure requirements -- because of the passage of health care reform .
In the letter , Waxman asserts , " The new law is designed to expand coverage and bring down costs , so your assertions are a matter of concern . "
And everyone knows that it is impossible for legislation to have unintended consequences .
Whom are you going to believe , numbers or Joe Biden ?
This cabal of profiteering is headed up by AT&T ( $ 1 billion first - quarter charge ) , Boeing ( $ 150 million ) , John Deere ( $ 150 million ) , Caterpillar ( $ 100 million ) , 3M , AK Steel , Verizon , Prudential , the lodging industry ... and so forth and so on , until we hit on every single company affected by the elimination of a tax break on retiree drug benefits .
It likely will cost employees and thus consumers an estimated $ 14 billion -- not counting the new Medicare costs .
Boy , if only these corporations had something akin to a Congressional Budget Office .
Bean counters could conceal costly programs on separate balance sheets and add bogus cost - saving measures to the ones they present to shareholders .
Then again , what works for Congress amounts to a prison term out in the corporate world .
So for now , businesses rely on Arabic numerals ( lest we need another reason to question their patriotism ) and arithmetic ( in this case , lots of subtraction ) .
Some may wonder whether Waxman has any lawful grounds to bully anyone into accepting his view of Obamacare .
Even if corporations , typically snuggling up to Washington for crony capitalistic favors , had joined in a twisted political conspiracy to make Barack Obama 's legislative masterpiece look as terrible as it is ... so what ?
Since when is making a law look bad a criminal act ?
The ironic part of Waxman 's abuse of power is that he also demands that CEOs show up with " any documents , including e-mail messages , sent to or prepared or reviewed by senior company officials related to the projected impact of health care reform . "
Would it not be helpful for Congress to first provide taxpayers with any and all documents -- including e-mail messages sent to or prepared or reviewed by elected officials -- regarding this historic health care reform bill ?
Maybe if Congress applied a fraction of the transparency it demands from corporate America to its own dealings , it would n't have to rely on pompous bullies like Waxman to stifle free speech .
Konner then explores the genetic and neurological foundations of basic temperament and gender identity and of formative behaviors such as infant attachment and the acquisition of language , and he describes the interrelationship between the biology and psychology of puberty .
Unlike animals that hurtle from infancy to puberty , the humans who have escaped the risks of infancy but not yet embarked on the risks of adulthood experience a sort of mini- transformation during the “ five - to - seven shift , ” and emerge with markedly enhanced powers of cognition into a period of slow growth .
This prolonged halcyon phase , sandwiched between the confusion of early life and the intensity of adolescence , seems evolutionarily designed to imbue children with the culture that our enormous brains make possible — the culture that our species ( almost ) alone can claim .
The sine qua non of culture is socialization , a process we share with many other species .
For mammals , it begins with an extreme bond between mother and offspring — a bond that has existed since early in the age of the dinosaurs , when even the infants of egg - laying mammals could feed directly from their mothers ’ bodies and demand attention by crying .
( Mammalian young cried at high pitches that their mothers could hear but reptilian predators could not . )
Although the mother - child bond forms the core relationship , we are cooperative breeders .
There is “ ample evidence , ” developed most prominently by the pathbreaking anthropologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy , that “ human mothers have always gotten help ” from fathers , grandmothers , older siblings , and other relatives .
Still , some evidence suggests that kinship is not the be-all and end - all it is often believed to be .
Research on the !
Kung hunter - gatherer society , for example , shows no particular advantage to having a full complement of parents and grandparents , and in cases in which children have few kin , other adults apparently take up the slack , supporting the idea that indeed , it takes a village .
Crucially , the many years that human females live after menopause confer a unique advantage on the species , in that grandmothers are almost always involved in child care , allowing their children , particularly their daughters , to produce more and healthier children .
Konner is especially interested in play , which is not unique to humans and , indeed , seems to have been present , like the mother - offspring bond , from the dawn of mammals .
The smartest mammals are the most playful , so these traits have apparently evolved together .
Play , Konner says , “ combining as it does great energy expenditure and risk with apparent pointlessness , is a central paradox of evolutionary biology . ”
It seems to have multiple functions — exercise , learning , sharpening skills — and the positive emotions it invokes may be an adaptation that encourages us to try new things and learn with more flexibility .
In fact , it may be the primary means nature has found to develop our brains .
David Cameron 's commitment to the fight against global poverty is called into serious question today as a group of Britain 's leading aid experts say his party seems more interested in " political positioning " than helping the world 's poor .
In a letter to the Observer , the group , which includes the former chairmen of Make Poverty History and Oxfam GB , also says the Tories seem to be pushing " crude attempts to export failed ideological or populist policies " on aid .
Their intervention will embarrass the Tories as the leaders of the main parties attend events to mark International Development Day .
The Tories have committed themselves in their election manifesto to the UN target of spending 0.7 % of national income on international aid by 2013 .
But they have angered aid agencies with plans to set up a new stabilisation and reconstruction force within the armed forces that would carry out aid work and infrastructure projects in the aftermath of combat .
The aid experts voice fears that aid money will be diverted to the military and away from the fight against poverty .
" The welcome shift in Conservative policy to back the 0.7 % promise in 2005 has been much vaunted by David Cameron – but despite repeated requests they have refused to clearly commit to ensure aid is not diverted for other purposes , " they write .
People working for charities are barred from making party - political statements during election campaigns – but the intervention of eminent former leaders in the sector reflects the views of many now working in the field .
Earlier today , Fox Business ’ John Stossel posted an interesting editorial on the website for Reason Magazine about the legality of unpaid interns .
Stossel was angry about this fact sheet posted by the Department of Labor last month that cited six clear criteria for an unpaid internship to be legal .
However , as Stossel made some good points in the editorial , giving grief to the Obama administration for the law is a bit unfair considering it ’s been around for years , possibly even eight decades .
Here ’s how Stossel opens his piece :
“ Do you employ unpaid student interns — college students who work in exchange for on - the - job training ?
If so , President Obama ’s Labor Department says that you ’re an exploiter .
The government says an internship is OK only if it meets six criteria , among them that the employer must get ‘ no immediate advantage ’ from the intern ’s activities .
In fact , the employer ’s work ‘ may be impeded . ' ”
The implication here is clearly that this is a new restriction that Obama ’s team recently put in the books .
However , that does n’t seem to be true .
For the record , here are the six criteria as stated in the DOL fact sheet :
“ The following six criteria must be applied when making this determination :
1 . The internship , even though it includes actual operation of the facilities of the employer , is similar to training which would be given in an educational environment ;
2 . The internship experience is for the benefit of the intern ;
3 . The intern does not displace regular employees , but works under close supervision of existing staff ;
4 . The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the intern ; and on occasion its operations may actually be impeded ;
5 . The intern is not necessarily entitled to a job at the conclusion of the internship ; and
6 . The employer and the intern understand that the intern is not entitled to wages for the time spent in the internship . ”
While reading Stossel ’s editorial , I had the distinct feeling that those six rules ( while rarely enforced ) had been around forever .
Through the magic of Google , I was able to prove my hunch .
Here is an article from 2006 which cites the six factors ( phrased identically to the current version ) as already being a DOL guideline .
Even better was this article from the New York Times in 1997 which claims the guidelines have their basis in The Fair Labor Standards
Act of 1938 which was well before Barack Obama was born .
I could n’t find the exact quote with the six factors in the FSLA and to make things weirder , I even found this post which credits a Supreme Court decision from 1947 with the creation of the six factors .
Regardless , it ’s clear that these guidelines were around before the Obama administration came to power .
The unfortunate thing is , the rest of Stossel ’s piece is a really interesting argument for how the law is unfair .
But unfairly dragging Obama through the mud only detracts from its credibility .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Knowledge regarding environmental factors influencing the risk of Alzheimer 's disease is surprisingly scarce , despite substantial research in this area .
In particular , the roles of smoking and alcohol consumption still remain controversial .
A new study published this month in the Journal of Alzheimer 's Disease suggests a protective effect of alcohol consumption on the risk of Alzheimer 's disease , particularly in women who do not smoke .
Researchers at the University of Valencia , the Generalitat Valenciana , and the Institut Municipal d'Investigació Mèdica , Barcelona , in Spain , carried out a study comparing personal and clinical antecedents of subjects affected with Alzheimer 's disease with healthy people , both groups with the same age and gender distribution .
Women included in the study were mainly light or moderate alcohol consumers .
The risk of Alzheimer 's disease was unaffected by any measure of tobacco consumption , but a protective effect of moderate alcohol consumption was observed , this effect being more evident in nonsmoker women .
" Our results suggest a protective effect of alcohol consumption , mostly in nonsmokers , and the need to consider interactions between tobacco and alcohol consumption , as well as interactions with gender , when assessing the effects of smoking and / or drinking on the risk of AD , " according to lead investigator Ana M. Garcia , PhD , MPH , Department of Preventive Medicine and Public Health , University of Valencia .
" Interactive effects of smoking and drinking are supported by the fact that both alcohol and tobacco affect brain neuronal receptors . "
Ok here we go , it 's the Akumajo Dracula Best Music Collections Box .
At two gigabytes and nineteen and a half hours , this beast covers the entire Castlevania series ( or close enough ) .
Except to hear a lot of Konami Kukeiha Club and Michiru Yamane , but there 's way more artists as well .
I 've put an enormous amount of time and work into this release , so hopefully it shows .
Akumajo Dracula Best Music Collections
Box
4/06/2010 Update : No more updates :
1 ) Fixed the m3u , nfo and sfv .
2 ) Fixed a few tracks that had misspellings on the box .
3 ) Fixed the " Encoded " field on a few tracks not displaying properly in Foobar .
4 ) Fixed the Disc 18 tracks " Comment " field .
5 ) Swapped the titles of tracks 8 and 10 on Disc 4 .
6 ) Fixed the id3v1 album tags for the tracks in the zip file .
Make sure you only have 574 tracks plus the three other files .
You can download the FINAL 1.04 " Toothed Wheel " update here .
Health care may have been the last big bang of the Obama presidency .
With ferocious speed , the financial crisis , recession and efforts to combat the recession have swung the U.S. debt from worrisome to ruinous , promising to handcuff the administration .
Lost amid last month 's passage of the new health care law , the Congressional Budget Office issued a report showing that within this decade , President Obama 's own budget sends the U.S. government to a potential tipping point where the debt reaches 90 percent of gross domestic product .
Economists Carmen Reinhart of the University of Maryland and Kenneth Rogoff of Harvard University have recently shown that a 90 percent debt - to - GDP ratio usually touches off a crisis .
This year , the debt will reach 63 percent of GDP , a ratio that has ignited crises in smaller wealthy nations .
Fiscal crises gripped Canada , Denmark , Sweden , Finland and Ireland when their debts were below where the United States is shortly headed .
Japan 's debt is much higher , but most of it is held domestically , and Japan 's economy has been weak for 20 years .
" I really do n't think we want to be like Japan , " said UC Berkeley economist Alan Auerbach .
One advantage the United States has - and it is a big one - is that it issues the world 's reserve currency and so can print dollars to service its debt .
The Obama budget will add $ 10 trillion to the national debt in the next decade and will not stabilize the deficit , the CBO found .
Deficits are expected to dip as the recovery takes hold , but never below $ 724 billion a year .
Interest costs alone will consume $ 5.6 trillion this decade .
A balanced budget has been widely ruled out as unattainable .
" The real problem is not just current deficits but where we 're heading , " Auerbach said .
" We 're on a trajectory where the deficit 's going to go down a little and then go up again .
And we have no solution for that . "
Deficits wo n't reverse
No one is advocating big tax increases or spending cuts before a recovery takes hold .
The problem is that deficits will not reverse even after a full recovery .
Credit rating agency Moody 's warned last month of a possible downgrade in U.S. Treasury debt .
This year , Social Security is crossing a long - feared milestone at which it is paying more in benefits than it receives in payroll taxes .
Study after study in the last year has raised alarms .
" In my judgment , a crisis could occur next week or 10 years from now , " said Rudolph Penner , an Urban Institute economist who co-chaired a huge budget report sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Public Administration .
" I do n't really think we can go much beyond 10 years . "
Polls show rising public alarm - and public refusal of specific spending cuts or tax increases required to change course .
A Field Poll last month showed most Californians do not want to cut the largest parts of the state budget , such as education or transportation .
The polling firm Democracy Corps recently warned Democrats that the deficit now tops unemployment as a voter concern .
But it also found voters " unenthusiastic " about the options to close the deficit .
Voters overwhelmingly prefer spending cuts to tax hikes but reject cutting specific programs .
Republicans promise to make deficits a premier political issue .
But during the health care debate , they opposed any cuts to Medicare , the chief source of rising deficits .
They also oppose tax increases and defense cuts .
In January , they sabotaged rare bipartisan legislation to create a powerful deficit - reduction commission that would have forced action .
Stabilizing the debt without raising taxes , cutting Medicare or defense , or defaulting on the debt would eviscerate everything else , from the Border Patrol to highways .
Earmarks constitute a pittance .
The numbers do n't add up for Democrats either .
For all their railing against the Bush tax cuts that contributed to the current dilemma , Obama intends to extend almost all of them .
That will cost $ 2.5 trillion , said the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
Obama also escalated the war in Afghanistan .
And he joined Republicans in sabotaging the deficit commission by creating a substitute commission by executive order that seems designed to fail .
It cannot compel action , and its recommendations are postponed until after the November election .
Consensus difficult
Obama and party leaders stacked it with partisans , from Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R - Texas , to Andrew Stern , head of the Service Employees International Union , making it difficult to get the 14 out of 18 votes required to agree on anything .
The executive order is a study in artfulness .
It calls for a deficit target in 2015 that will be largely reached through the recovery and opens a wide escape hatch by saying decisions are contingent on the economy .
Democrats are already picking off low - hanging , deficit - reduction fruit to increase spending instead .
Led by Rep. George Miller , D - Martinez , Democrats approved $ 61 billion in savings last week by cutting banks out of student lending - and used it to expand aid to students and colleges .
Democrats often give the impression that taxes on the rich can fix everything .
But the center - left Tax Policy Center ran simulations showing that Obama 's budget would have to raise $ 775 billion in new taxes every year to stabilize deficits at 2 percent of GDP .
That means that if Obama keeps his promise not to raise taxes on the middle class , the rich would pay 90 percent of their income in taxes , the center said .
Obama " promised to be honest with the public , and he has a talent for doing so , " said Maya MacGuineas , president of the moderate Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
" Yet he has n't used it yet to describe what types of hard choices will be involved . "
HBO host Bill Maher elicited an “ Oh , my god , ” from Chris Matthews when he appeared on Hardball and gave his assessment of conservative icon Sarah Palin and Rep. Michelle Bachmann ( R - Minn . ) .
Maher referenced a sexual euphemism by labeling the two female Republicans as ‘ MILFs ’ on Wednesday ’s show .
“ They ’re attractive especially to the Republican Party , which is not known as a party that really does well with the opposite sex , ” he said .
“ Usually they ’re doughy white men and I think they look on Michele Bachmann and , and Sarah Palin , as you know , MILFs and I agree , they ’re Morons I ’d Like to Forget . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Matthews seemed shocked by Maher ’s statement even though he had demeaned Palin ’s intelligence and knowledge of political issues only moments before .
“ When she gives a prepared speech from her stump she ’s talking about the Crimea , she ’s talking about the Ukraine , about Chechnya , ” Matthews said .
“ She ’s got opinions about Iran .
It ’s absolutely world wide the areas she ’s touching on .
My only belief is she ’s got neo -cons scribbling all this stuff in crayon for her and she ’s reading it out like she knows what she ’s talking about but if you ask her one question she does n’t know any answer .
So I am a little bit puzzled but I ’m not really . ”
Wednesday ’s show was n’t the first time Maher has made inflammatory statements about Palin .
When he appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno earlier this month , Maher slammed Palin for coining the term “ death panels ” to criticize health care reform .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Sarah Palin screaming about death panelsÃ¢â‚ ¬Â ¦you know Sarah ?
If we were killing off useless people , you Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢d be the first to know , ” Maher said .
Bachmann and Palin have begun campaigning together in recent weeks , adding fuel to speculation that they are considering a bid for the presidency in 2012 .
According to the Anchorage Daily News , Palin said a Palin / Bachmann ticket for 2012 “ sounds kinda cool . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A transcript of Maher ’s exchange with Matthews is available below :
If Commissioner Bud Selig truly wants to make baseball games shorter , he might want to tell Derek Jeter and every other member of the Yankees and the Red Sox to pick up the pace when they meet again at Fenway Park on Friday .
For all his accomplishments , Jeter is also a classic out - of - the - batter ’s - box dawdler .
His three - to - six - step amble between pitches helped pile on the minutes in the three games that Boston and the Yankees played in Fenway at the start of the season , games that took so long that the veteran umpire Joe West denounced the first two of them as “ pathetic and embarrassing . ”
Those three games lasted 3 hours 46 minutes , 3:48 and 3:21 , the final one a relatively speedy affair considering it went to 10 innings .
West was on the field for all 10 hours 55 minutes of the three games , so no wonder he was annoyed .
And now , a month later , the Yankees and the Red Sox are right back at it , teams known for games that seem to go on forever , even if they are often meaningful and tense .
Image Yankees outfielders during a pitching change against Boston on April 4 . Credit ... Jim Davis / The Boston Globe
The length of baseball games has been an issue that has vexed Selig for years and it is a key item on the agenda of the 14 - member committee that Selig has formed to suggest improvements to the sport .
For starters , the panel might want to take a look at Game 2 of that Yankees - Red Sox series , the one that lasted 3:48 on April 6 and ended with the Yankees winning , 6 - 4 , in nine innings .
SURGING property prices appear to be driving a spending spree in Australia , with home owners taking out bigger mortgages to help fund the purchase of big - ticket items , from new cars to holidays .
While many struggle to get a foothold in the housing market , home owners buoyed by double - digit rises in property prices are increasingly using their homes as ATMs .
It has rekindled memories of the early 1990s when banks encouraged home owners to borrow for a holiday or new car and add it to their mortgage .
But regulators and economists fear that the borrowing binge could leave home owners vulnerable to rising interest rates , while any sudden reversal of housing prices might tip many into negative equity - when the size of the loan exceeds the value of the property .
Before this week 's 25 - basis point rise in interest rates , Reserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens took the unusual step of appearing on breakfast television to say that property prices were '' getting quite high ' ' and warn of the dangers of people taking on too much mortgage debt .
Earth Policy Research | featured release
All good things must come to an end , and we at the Earth Policy Institute ( EPI ) find ourselves sadly at the end of a road filled with many successes .
With our president and founder , Lester Brown , stepping down at the age of 81 , we are closing our doors on June 30 , 2015 .
Our awesome ...
In a post over at the Chromium blog , Google explains how printing will work with Chrome OS ( or any web - based printing , whether it's from Google Docs , your phone , or your Chrome browser ) and — they hope — get rid of the hassle of printer drivers once and for all .
Rather than rely on the local operating system ( or drivers ) to print , apps can use Google Cloud Print to submit and manage print jobs .
Google Cloud Print will then be responsible for sending the print job to the appropriate printer with the particular options the user selected , and returning the job status to the app .
Advertisement
In a lightweight , browser - only operating system like Google Chrome OS , the regular plug - and - play printing model is n't going to work , so Google Cloud Print aims to fill this void .
The service is n't finished at this point , but the code and documentation of the open source project is .
[ Chromium Blog ]
When we launched the Obameter to track President Barack Obama 's campaign promises , we identified 38 on taxes covering everything from repealing the Bush tax cuts for higher incomes to supporting tax deductions for artists .
Then , on April 1 , 2009 , a new cigarette tax went into effect , and we got lots of e-mail from readers saying it violated a promise Obama made on the campaign trail not to raise any taxes on people who make less than $ 250,000 a year .
Lots of people who smoke make less than $ 250,000 a year , so Obama broke his promise , these readers told us .
We confirmed the quote that many readers sent us .
On Sept. 12 , 2008 , while on the campaign trail in Dover , N.H. , Obama said , " I can make a firm pledge .
Under my plan , no family making less than $ 250,000 a year will see any form of tax increase .
Not your income tax , not your payroll tax , not your capital gains taxes , not any of your taxes . "
We did n't have a promise like this in our database .
We had separate promises that Obama would make the Bush tax cuts for lower incomes permanent and that he would raise capital gains taxes only on higher incomes .
We decided to add this new , more broadly stated promise to our database .
On April 1 , cigarette taxes went up .
Certainly many people who smoke make less than $ 250,000 .
Should we rate this Promise Broken ?
This launched an interesting debate here at PolitiFact .
Was the final part of Obama 's statement " not any of your taxes " intended as a sweeping declaration against any tax , or was he speaking only in the context of income - based taxes ?
We noted that his statement began with the phrase " Under my plan ... "
We looked to our coverage during the campaign for greater clarity .
Obama has long been on record supporting the cigarette tax increase .
During the campaign , Obama often said he supported legislation to expand the State Children 's Health Insurance Program .
At the time , that legislation was in Congress , and even then it included higher cigarette taxes .
By saying he supported the SCHIP legislation , Obama was supporting the increased cigarette taxes to pay for it .
SCHIP was among the first pieces of legislation to come to Obama 's desk , and he signed it Feb.
4 , 2009 .
We rated it as a Promise Kept .
Another part of our deliberation was that when Obama was on the campaign trail saying that " no family making less than $ 250,000 a year will see any form of tax increase , " his examples were all federal income or payroll taxes .
Cigarette taxes are a federal excise tax , which is a tax on goods .
( Other federal excise taxes are levied on things like alcohol , gasoline and firearms . )
These are not taxes that affect people based on income level , but rather based on whether they purchase certain goods .
So while some families who make less than $ 250,000 a year will be affected by cigarette taxes , the taxes are based on their decision to buy cigarettes , not based on their income .
Obama 's promise on the campaign trail may have been a bit of rhetorical excess based on his income tax plan , which seeks to exempt lower incomes from tax increases .
Obama has taken specific steps to change that tax code , such as creating capital gains taxes that only apply to higher incomes , that are aimed at protecting the middle class from new taxes .
Also , the cigarette tax does not hit all families that make less than $ 250,000 a year , but only those who choose to smoke .
Finally , Obama clearly stated during the campaign that he supported legislation that would raise the cigarette tax , and he never mentioned any form of excise tax when making the promise .
Still , it 's a tax increase .
People who smoke will pay higher taxes under the measure that Obama signed .
We added this promise to our database and rated it a Compromise .
A nurse speaks with an unidentified patient in the hospital in a file photo .
REUTERS / Darren Staples
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) - A union representing Dutch nurses will launch a national campaign Friday against demands for sexual services by patients who claim it should be part of their standard care .
The union , NU’91 , is calling the campaign “ I Draw The Line Here , ” with an advert that features a young woman covering her face with crossed hands .
The union said in a statement Thursday that the campaign follows a complaint it had received in the last week from a 24 - year - old woman who said a 42 - year - old disabled man asked her to provide sexual services as part of his care at home .
The young woman witnessed some of the man ’s other nurses offering him sexual gratification , the union said .
When she refused to do the same , he tried to dismiss her on the grounds that she was unfit to provide care .
“ This type of action is not part of the job responsibilities of carers and nurses , ” NU ’91 said .
The case has been reported to police , the union added .
BY JOE ELIAS AND DANIEL VICTOR , The Patriot - News
The youths involved in
are facing felony charges .
Now , based on parents ’ complaints , the administrators who caught them might face their own consequences , creating another murky legal issue in the largely untested intersection of children , technology and pornography .
Susquenita High School officials are being investigated after parents claimed pornographic images and videos from cell phones confiscated from students were “ passed around ” and viewed by more than just those administrators who investigated the incident .
“ Of course , one or two people had to see the images to determine what they were , ” Perry County District Attorney Charles Chenot said .
“ But if more than one or two top administrators saw them , there better be a good reason why . ”
School employees could be charged with displaying child pornography — the same charges the students involved face — if they showed the images to people not involved in the investigation , Chenot said .
Superintendent Dan Sheats did not return several calls seeking comment Wednesday .
Parents of the students involved contend district administrators “ passed around ” the images to other employees .
“ Why did they willingly view those pics when they already knew what was on those phones ? ” asked one of the students ’ parents .
“ Keep in mind , a state police officer needs parental signed consent or a warrant signed by a judge to go through cell phones . ”
The Patriot - News is not releasing the names of the parents interviewed because it would reveal the identity of the victim of a sex crime .
In October , seven Susquenita High School students were charged with sexual abuse of children , a felony , after a student was found by school officials showing a video clip taken by a cell phone of a sex act on school grounds , state troopers said .
School administrators confronted the students and notified state police after the students admitted their actions , troopers said .
Questioning how administrators handle pornographic images is a new wrinkle in the legal questions surrounding sexting , a confounding issue for law enforcement .
There ’s been little agreement on how to handle students involved in sexting , a relatively new phenomenon made possible by advanced cell phone technology .
Some district attorneys have aggressively pursued felony charges related to child pornography , while others seek to simply send a message and discourage the behavior .
The Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association has pushed legislation that would make sexting a second - degree misdemeanor .
If convicted of a felony related to sexting , children can now be forced to register as sex offenders .
Dauphin County District Attorney Edward M. Marsico Jr. said he has n’t heard any examples of school administrators being questioned for their involvement .
But authorities have to be careful in handling child pornography , he said .
His office does n’t reproduce the images , not even to provide copies to defense attorneys , he said .
“ That child pornography is contraband , ” he said .
“ It ’s illegal on its face , and to make any copies of that compounds the problem .
Every time a copy of that photograph or video would be made , it revictimizes the child , who 's already been exploited . ”
David Salter , a spokesman for the Pennsylvania School Boards Association , said the organization is drafting a policy on how administrators should handle sexting and on what to do when electronic devices are confiscated .
Several of the parents dispute the state police account of how the pictures came to be found .
One of the parents said the high school received an anonymous tip and interrogated the students involved until someone confessed .
The criminal cases against the Susquenita students are in the court system .
Two parents said the students involved have been ordered to undergo counseling .
Chenot would not comment on the cases , citing privacy law designed to protect minors in the juvenile justice system .
State police said that three girls and five boys took part in the sexting and that the images were exchanged between April 11 and Sep. 22 , 2009 .
Several European countries are tightening laws on the veil A woman visiting a post office in Novara , north - western Italy , has been stopped by police for wearing an Islamic veil covering her face .
A police official told the AFP news agency the woman would have to pay a 500 - euro ( £ 430 ) fine .
It is the first such police action since Novara brought in a by - law in January banning clothing preventing immediate identification in public .
The city is run by the anti-immigration Northern League .
The party is a powerful junior coalition partner in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's national government .
' Not tolerated ' Novara Mayor Massimo Giordano said the by - law was meant to deter women from covering themselves with the veil in public .
" But unfortunately it is apparently not yet clear to everyone that clothes preventing the wearer 's identification can be tolerated at home but not in public places , in schools , on buses or in post offices , " he said , according to the Italian state news agency Ansa .
" There are still some people that refuse to understand that our community in Novara does not accept and does not want people going around wearing the burka . "
He said the by - law was " the only tool at our disposal to stop behaviour that makes the already difficult process of integration even harder " .
The woman , described as a Tunisian national , was apparently visiting the post office with her husband when she was stopped by police .
When her husband refused to let her be identified by male officers , they called in a female colleague , AFP reported .
Tighter rules Italy has , since 1975 , had a national anti-terrorism law which forbids any mask or clothing that makes it impossible to identify the wearer .
However , the law permits exceptions for " justified cause " , which has often been interpreted by courts as including religious reasons for wearing a veil , Ansa reports .
Several local authorities have introduced tighter regulations , and a Northern League bill currently before parliament would specifically outlaw Islamic face veils .
Similar moves have been taking place in other Western European countries .
A ban on wearing masks and veils in public has passed the Belgian lower house and is set to go before the Senate .
It would be the first such national law in Europe if approved .
The French government is pressing for similar legislation , and at the weekend a German member of the European Parliament said a ban should be enforced across the EU .
Muslim headscarves
The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women .
These scarves come in myriad styles and colours .
The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear .
The niqab is a veil for the face that leaves the area around the eyes clear .
However , it may be worn with a separate eye veil .
It is worn with an accompanying headscarf .
The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic veils .
It covers the entire face and body , leaving just a mesh screen to see through .
The al - amira is a two - piece veil .
It consists of a close fitting cap , usually made from cotton or polyester , and an accompanying tube - like scarf .
The shayla is a long , rectangular scarf popular in the Gulf region .
It is wrapped around the head and tucked or pinned in place at the shoulders .
The khimar is a long , cape - like veil that hangs down to just above the waist .
It covers the hair , neck and shoulders completely , but leaves the face clear .
The chador , worn by many Iranian women when outside the house , is a full - body cloak .
It is often accompanied by a smaller headscarf underneath .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Washington ( CNN ) --
The party in power often suffers in midterm elections , but a recent survey suggests that " epic " discontent has created an angry and energized electorate .
And while things might look bleak for Democrats who control Congress , some Republicans tied to the establishment might also suffer the consequences .
History has shown that Americans ' trust in government has declined during times of turmoil or when one party controls the White House and both chambers of Congress .
With Congress showing no signs of bipartisanship and Americans not yet feeling economic relief , the midterm elections outcome for incumbents -- especially Democrats -- may be bleak .
According to a Pew Research Center poll released this week , based on polling conducted in March and April , a growing segment of the American public holds intense anti-government views , with those surveyed describing themselves as angry with the federal government .
The reason ?
A " perfect storm of conditions associated with distrust of government -- a dismal economy , an unhappy public , bitter partisan - based backlash , and epic discontent with Congress and elected officials , " the report concluded .
The poll showed that " Distrust of government soars when the public is unhappy with the way things are going in the country " and sad the recent downturn in trust began in the fall of 2008 , " when public satisfaction plunged amid the financial crisis . "
One of President Obama 's top aides said Monday that there are " legitimate " reasons for Americans ' anger .
" When the middle class in this country has seen their incomes lost and their costs of living go up , and the sense of those who are at the top act with a sense of irresponsibility that led to the worst economic crisis ... there 's a reason for that frustration , and it 's totally legit , " White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel told PBS ' Charlie Rose .
That rising anger may sway voter turnout in November .
" Hostility toward government seems likely to be a significant election issue and an important element in both midterm voting intentions and turnout , " the report said .
" Consistent with this pattern of partisanship , anti-government sentiment appears to be a more significant driver of possible turnout among Republicans and independents than among Democrats . "
Read more of the poll
The poll found that 83 percent of Republican voters who are highly dissatisfied with the government said they are " absolutely certain " to vote in November , compared with 67 percent of Republicans who have lower discontent with the government .
Democrats should be worried , especially when it comes to the connection between anger at government and voting intentions by independents , the poll found .
" Independents who are highly dissatisfied with government are far more committed to voting this year than are independents who are less frustrated ( 78 % vs. 58 % ) . "
Independents are a fast - growing voting bloc that tends to lean toward Republicans ' fiscal ideology and Democrats ' social policies , polls have shown .
John Avlon , author of " Independent Nation " and a CNN contributor , said anger is especially high with independents who feel that only Wall Street is benefiting from the recovering economy .
" We are seeing a situation where Wall Street 's rebounded but Main Street is still feeling the pain and there 's a great deal of frustration and anger about that , " he said .
The rising national debt and federal spending are major factors behind the anger , added Larry Sabato , a political science professor at the University of Virginia .
" There 's a tremendous national debt that just keeps growing no matter which party is in charge , " he said .
Sabato said there have been many times when government has lost the trust of the people , usually over some scandal , such as Watergate , or during times of one - party rule , as was the case when Bill Clinton took office in 1993 .
Noting their 1994 midterm losses , Democrats , he said , have reason to worry about what the Pew poll says .
" They 're the incumbent party , and people are unhappy during a period when they 're governing , " he said .
" The people 's only recourse is to vote against incumbents in the governing party when they 're unhappy . "
But it 's too soon to tell .
It is April , after all , and the election is seven months away .
" Anybody that tells you that [ Democrats will lose Congress ] ... does n't know what they 're talking about because you could n't answer that at this time in April , " Emanuel said .
" If they think the economy in the future is getting better , and we make this a choice about what led us into the worst recession and the set of policy changes we made to help us lead us out of it , I think we have a chance of turning this election around . "
Avlon 's recommendation for the top Democrat : changing voters ' minds .
" Fundamentally , he [ Obama ] has got to get serious about the deficit , " he said .
" That 's a lot of what this is all about -- independents ' desire for checks and balances and divided government .
...
There 's nothing Democrats can do about that at this point . "
If the economy continues to improve in a way that affects Main Street as well as Wall Street , that would be good for the party in power and incumbents in general , Avlon added .
The anti-incumbent feeling may also spill over to Republicans .
Sabato said Tea Partiers and independents may turn against incumbent Republicans viewed as being a part of the establishment .
He cited the heated Florida Senate GOP primary race , where Gov. Charlie Crist , a one - time GOP establishment favorite , is trailing in the polls behind Marco Rubio , a candidate who has received numerous endorsements by Tea Party groups and conservatives .
" If you 're identified with the establishment , you 're not going to necessarily do well , assuming you have real competition , " Sabato said .
But it 's not all bad news for incumbents .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll released last week indicated that if elections for Congress were held today , 50 percent of the public would back the Democratic candidate in their congressional district , with 46 percent supporting the Republican candidate .
That 's a switch from CNN 's last poll , conducted in late March , when the GOP had a 4 - point advantage .
The margins are within the poll 's sampling error .
" Some core Democratic groups -- chiefly women and lower - income Americans -- may be coming back , and since those groups are the ones most affected by health care , it 's possible that is a delayed reaction to new law , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said .
Read more about the poll
Democrats hold a 253 - 177 advantage in the House , with four seats that they once held vacant and one seat that the GOP held vacant .
Republicans need to win 40 seats to take back control of the chamber .
CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .
Adobe 's new partnership with Google will keep Internet users safer because Chrome will automatically update Flash Player without first asking users , an Adobe director of engineering said .
On Tuesday , the two companies announced that Google will include Adobe 's Flash Player in downloads of Chrome , starting with the rough - around - the - edges builds of the browser 's " dev " channel .
Google will also employ Chrome 's auto - updater to push Flash fixes to users without notifying them or asking them to approve the download .
The integration , particularly the automatic updating of Adobe 's plug - in , is a first for a browser maker .
" If you want to have a safe experience , updates should just happen in the background , " said Paul Betlem , senior director of Flash Player engineering at Adobe .
Unlike other browsers , Chrome updates itself automatically in the background without asking for permission or prompting users when security fixes or new features are available .
The practice , which Google debuted alongside Chrome in September 2008 , riled some users initially , but the criticism soon faded .
Other browsers , however , did not follow suit .
" Google uses a unique approach , " Betlem said .
" They do n't ask users [ for permission to update ] , they just do it .
If you can appreciate that model , then it gives users a more secure experience .
And Google recognizes that plug-ins are a part of that experience , and that they should be updated the same way . "
Adobe will build customized binaries of Flash Player for Google to include with Chrome downloads ; the browser will install the plug-ins as part of its own installation process .
Adobe will also hand binaries of Flash updates -- major upgrades as well as the more frequent security updates to patch vulnerabilities -- to Google , which will feed them into its update mechanism .
" It 's another way of distributing updates , " in addition to current methods , which include Flash Player 's built - in update notification and users ' ability to manually download updates , said Betlem .
The former is available only on Windows , however .
Mac OS
X users , for example , must either manually download and install an update or wait for Apple to update the operating system .
Betlem said Adobe has not approached other browser makers , such as Microsoft or Mozilla , to pitch the same deal to them .
" But we would be open to talks if it makes sense , " he said .
Keeping plug-ins , especially Flash , up to date is not only a problem for many users , but also important in warding off attackers .
Adobe issued Flash patch updates five times in 2009 and has done so twice so far this year .
In fact , when Mozilla introduced a tool last year that checks for outdated Firefox plug-ins , it started with Flash Player , citing statistics that said eight out of 10 users were running a vulnerable version .
Mozilla did not respond to a request for comment on the Chrome - Flash update strategy .
Google and Adobe are also talking about how to extend Chrome 's sandbox defenses to Flash as another way to boost the plug - in 's security .
Chrome 's sandboxing isolates processes from each other and the rest of the machine , preventing or hindering malicious code from escaping the browser to wreak havoc or infect the computer with malware .
" We have n't done a lot yet , but we are talking about whether it makes sense to segment both our processes into a single sandbox , " Betlem said .
He would not put a timetable to sandboxing Flash .
" But it 's a high priority and top of our list , " Betlem said .
The nearest he came to confirming a schedule was when he said , " I hope it 's sooner , " when he was asked if an end - of - year deadline was likely .
The dev channel versions of Chrome for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux can be downloaded from Google 's site .
Google plans to add Flash integration and auto-updating to the other Chrome channels -- " beta " and " stable " -- as quickly as it can , said Linus Upson , the company 's vice president of engineering , in a blog post Tuesday .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
The body co-ordinating the international response to the spread of volcanic ash has been aware for at least three years of the need for new guidelines setting out the conditions under which aircraft can keep flying after an eruption .
Airlines and tour operators have expressed scepticism that the ash levels in the atmosphere merited the unprecedented closedown of European airspace .
The six - day ban cost the airlines around £ 1.1bn , according to the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) .
It has now emerged that the International Airways Volcano Watch Operations Group , a division of the International Civil Aviation Organisation , discussed three years ago establishing what might constitute " safe " levels of ash for aircraft to fly in .
But the aircraft manufacturers were reluctant to talk about the issue .
The revelation came as it emerged that Britons still stranded abroad could be stuck for another week .
Mark Tanzer , chief executive of Abta , the travel association , said : " While most flights are back to normal , and most stranded British passengers will be back this weekend , there is still quite a high level of disruption in some destinations .
In some areas of the world there is a significant lack of air capacity to enable British people to be returned quickly . "
Minutes of the Volcano Watch group 's annual meeting , held in New Zealand in 2007 , note : " There is no definition of a safe concentration of ash for different aircraft ...
In order to give a reliable and justifiable all - clear , once a plume has dispersed enough to be undetectable , clear limits of ash content are required from both the manufacturers and aviation licensing authorities . "
It acknowledged that establishing a safe lower limit was a " difficult and longstanding problem " .
A working paper , published by the group after the meeting , warned that airspace shutdowns were likely .
It stated : " As remote sensing techniques improve , it is likely that the aggregate areas where ash is sensed or inferred will increase , possibly leading to over - warning for ash and cost - blowouts for airlines . "
The following year 's meeting examined problems with the monitoring of Iceland 's volcanoes .
It considered a proposal from the Iceland Meteorological Organisation for a second " Doppler weather radar in the eastern part of the country to assist in monitoring the volcanic eruption activity in that area " .
The minutes noted " such eruptions could have a major impact on aircraft operations over the NAT [ north Atlantic ] regions since Icelandic volcanoes were situated close to important air routes " .
However , the meeting concluded that the proposal required a scientific evaluation which it could not authorise .
The group 's fifth meeting , held this year in Chile two weeks before the Icelandic eruption , invited the aircraft manufacturers to discuss what might constitute safe ash levels .
However , the minutes reveal : " IATA informed the group about the strong efforts made in order to get representation from the industry at the workshop but unfortunately these efforts had not been successful . "
Yesterday Sir Richard Branson criticised the blanket ban and called for the government to compensate the industry .
" All the experts were telling us there was no danger , " Branson said .
" There were plenty of corridors through which the airlines could have flown which would have been quite safe . "
Branson added : " A blanket ban of the whole of Europe was not the right decision .
The first few days the ash was up at 35,000 ft , the planes could have flown below 35,000 ft .
There were plenty of ways of dealing with it .
But actually planes have to put up with sandstorms in Africa ; the engines are designed to put up with a lot more than existed . "
Denis Chagnon , spokesman for the ICAO , said the current zero - tolerance policy was being addressed .
" The new terms of reference are being drafted and will be available next week , " he said .
" When people think of games , they traditionally think , in the U.S. , of what sells on the Xbox , the PlayStation , and the Wii , and they forget about all these online services that are out there ... if you add all that stuff up , it 's almost half the industry now .
It 's about 40 to 45 percent .
Next year it 's likely to be the larger share of the total industry and it'll be bigger than the console games all put together . "
Need more evidence that physical media is inching towards the door ?
Enter this Reuters conversation with Electronic Arts CEO John Riccitiello .
While the company -- the largest publisher of " interactive entertainment " ( AKA video games ) -- is hurting on sales during the awesome global recession currently underway , he thinks the future is digital .
All digital .
Riccitiello had this to say on the matter :
He went on to say that if EA 's digital arm was a standalone company , " it would be like the darling of Wall Street . "
Of course , he 's not just talking about XBLA and the App Store -- this is an all - encompassing view of the digital market , including casual gaming , Facebook apps , and WoW transactions as well .
It may not be the kind of all - encompassing push needed , but we are hoping this sort of noise rattles the industry enough to mobilize smarter , more centralized methods of online distribution .
Nintendo ’s Vitality Sensor has been met with doubt by many gamers , yet the list of hypothetical applications continue to expand .
Although no software is currently confirmed for it ’s use , Miyamoto has suggested the possibility of incorporating the hardware to the next installment of the Zelda series .
â€ œWhenever we are going to use any new device it is possible to expand the appeal to those who are new to the videogaming world .
At the same time , however , it is also fun to think of ways in which we might apply that new technology to existing forms of gameplay â€ “ just like the way we are working on the new Legend Of Zelda together with Wii Motion Plus .
As you become more scared , the enemies become even tougher .
So maybe you might like to ask me to incorporate the Vitality Sensor into Zelda so that as you become more scared , the enemies become even tougher .â€ â€ “ Shigeru Miyamoto
Interesting , yet even more so when one speculates other uses in the Zelda series .
Perhaps as the player gets stressed , Link ’s archery accuracy becomes askew .
Link ’s animation might also change with the player ’s emotions .
What are some other ways that this device could improve the Zelda series ?
via nowgamer
Later this month , the Federal Court of Canada will hear a case in Halifax that threatens Canada 's privacy law framework .
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. is contesting the constitutional validity of Canada 's private sector privacy legislation ( PIPEDA ) , arguing it oversteps the federal government 's jurisdictional power .
My weekly technology law column ( Toronto Star version , homepage version ) argues that if successful , PIPEDA would no longer apply to thousands of Canadian businesses and new legislation such as the Electronic Commerce Protection Act ( ECPA ) would be imperilled .
The case stems from a dispute over an insurance claim arising from a March 2005 automobile accident .
Gerald Gaudet , the injured party , asked State Farm to provide copies of all names , addresses , and phone numbers of anyone to whom it disclosed his personal information ( State Farm had used a private investigator to conduct surveillance on Gaudet ) .
After State Farm refused to disclose the information , Gaudet filed a complaint with the Privacy Commissioner of Canada .
The Privacy Commissioner proceeded to launch an investigation into the case , asking State Farm to provide it with the requested information .
The insurance company again refused , leading to the Federal Court case .
State Farm raises several issues in contesting the disclosure demands , but it is the constitutional arguments where the stakes are the highest .
The constitutional question has dogged Canadian privacy law since it was first introduced , with the federal government arguing the Constitution grants it legislative authority to make laws in relation to trade and commerce .
The trade and commerce power covers both inter-provincial and international trade as well as general trade and commerce regulation that affect the whole country .
From a privacy law perspective , the government recognized that in a world where a typical consumer transaction may involve a product originating in British Columbia , a retailer in Alberta , a credit card provider in Ontario , a call centre in New Brunswick , and an order fulfillment provider in Quebec , a national standard is needed since personal data traverses provincial boundaries with ease .
By creating PIPEDA but enabling provinces to enact their own “ substantially similar ” legislation ( Quebec , Alberta and British Columbia have all done so ) , the government navigated a compromise between the interests of the federal and provincial governments .
This is not the first time PIPEDA 's constitutionality has been raised .
Days before it was scheduled to take effect in 2003 , the Quebec government initiated its own constitutional challenge .
That case is ongoing but has remained largely dormant .
The Supreme Court of Canada established the test for determining validity of legislation under the trade and commerce clause in a 1989 case involving General Motors .
The court outlined five indicia to consider : ( i ) the legislation is part of a general regulatory scheme ; ( ii ) the legislation is continuously monitored by a regulatory agency ; ( iii ) the legislation is concerned with trade generally rather than with a particular industry ; ( iv ) the legislation is of a nature that the provinces jointly or severally would be incapable of enacting ; and ( v ) the failure to include one or more provinces within the legislative scheme would jeopardize the successful operation of the law elsewhere .
PIPEDA may have been crafted with these five indicia in mind , but there are no guarantees once the law is subjected to Federal Court scrutiny .
If State Farm succeeds , PIPEDA would no longer apply within the provinces .
Moreover , the government has since relied on the same analysis with other legislative initiatives , notably ECPA , the anti-spam bill that died with prorogation but could be reintroduced this spring .
PIPEDA was viewed as controversial when it was first introduced more than a decade ago .
It is now well - entrenched within Canadian law , but the State Farm case presents a tough test that could radically alter privacy protections in Canada .
Phil Babb should get this guys number and make the call
[ youtube ] ]
Here 's when Phil Babb hits the post
[ youtube ] ]
Advertisement
We were wondering too
It ’s pretty ballsy to redesign one of the planet ’s most iconic shapes and completely blow it out of the water .
Last we checked , Coke ’s bottles were some of the most recognizable objects on earth , and so powerful when it came to branding that in 2008 , Coke transformed the capsule - like two - liter bottle into the same sexy curves .
But dare we say design student Andrew Kim has created a concept that ’s equally powerful , all in the name of sustainability .
Kim has taken inspiration from companies like Fiji , whose squared - off bottles use shipping space more efficiently , but he also creates the ability for these bottles to be nested , saving space both horizontally and vertically .
He also proposes a collapsible , accordion - like action for the bottles after they ’re used , saving space when being transported to the recycling center .
He does have a point :
Those curvy bottles do n’t flatten so well , adding bulk in the blue bin .
Although we probably wo n’t ever say goodbye to Coke ’s cute little waist - and - hips of its traditional package design , this is n’t a bad idea for any of Coke ’s other brands , especially something like its bottled water .
And seeing as Coke has placed sustainability at the top of its agenda … David Butler , are you listening ?
[ Andrew Kim ]
Why 960 × 640
Ever since I hinted last month that this summer ’s next - gen iPhones would sport double - resolution 960 × 640 displays , 1 there ’s been a strain of incredulous feedback regarding this suggestion — emails from readers who do n’t understand why Apple would do this .
The gist of the feedback , more or less , is that the existing iPhone already has a nice high - resolution display , so why would Apple bother adding a more expensive display when the existing one is already so good ?
Existing iPhone and iPod Touch displays offer 480 × 320 resolution , which , given a roughly 3.5 - inch diagonal screen size , works out to about 162 pixels per inch .
( The various iPhone and iPod Touch models have ever - so - slightly different physical sizes , so if you want to be truly pedantic , the pixels - per-inch on the various units released to date have ranged from around 160 to 163 .
The difference is insignificant . )
I put this table together in June 2007 showing the pixel - per- inch resolution of Apple ’s then - current lineup of Mac displays ; the highest was the high - res 17 - inch MacBook Pro , at 133 ppi .
( The optional high - res glossy and matte displays on the brand - new 15 - inch MacBook Pros now match this . )
Most others came in around 100 - 110 .
The iPad ’s 1024 × 768 display has a resolution of 132 ppi — finer than most Macs , but noticeably cruder than existing iPhones and iPod Touches .
There are Android phones with 800 × 480 AMOLED displays .
They measure around 3.7 - inches diagonally , which works out to about 250 ppi .
Small text is noticeably crisper on the Nexus One than on my iPhone 3GS .
This Android advantage is mitigated , alas , by two factors .
First , that Android only ships with the Droid family of typefaces — low - quality typefaces designed to look best on lower - resolution displays .
The effect is sort of like when you print a screen - optimized font like Chicago .
Second , it can be argued that because each pixel on these AMOLED displays is not capable of reproducing every color , they ’re not really 800 × 480 .
These displays have 33 percent fewer sub-pixels than a display of the same size where every pixel contains three ( red , green , blue ) sub-pixels .
So 162 pixels - per-inch is indeed a very fine resolution when compared to most other electronic devices .
But even today ’s iPhone displays are crude when compared to print .
Compare type on your iPhone or iPod Touch against the type in a glossy magazine .
You can see pixels and anti-aliasing smudginess on an iPhone .
You ca n’t see “ dots ” in the letterforms of a printed magazine .
The next - gen iPhone is shooting for that caliber of resolution — not merely to exceed the resolution of competing devices , but to rival the optical quality of print .
A 3.5 - inch diagonal display with 960 × 640 pixels works out to around 325-330 ppi .
( Maybe even higher , if it ’s more like a 3.4 - inch diagonal . )
That ’s fewer “ dots ” per inch than on , say , a 600 dpi printer , but when combined with anti-aliasing , I believe the on - screen typography on the next - gen iPhones will be indistinguishable , or nearly so , from high - quality print .
There will be four pixels packed into the space now occupied by a single pixel .
What This Means for Developers ( Spoiler : I Do n’t Know )
I ’m not sure what the software story will be for iPhone apps to take advantage of this increased resolution .
If existing unmodified apps run pixel - doubled , they should look identical with the naked eye to how they look today on existing iPhone displays — not at all like when iPhone apps are pixel - doubled on the iPad , because on the iPad , they ’re being stretched not just in terms of pixels but also to fill a much larger physical area .
I ’m also utterly unsure what the story will be for iPhone web developers .
I do n’t think that MobileSafari will be able to continue mapping the “ px ” unit to physical display pixels , because the disparity between the physical pixel size of old and new iPhones is going to be enormous .
My guess , and this is just a guess , is that MobileSafari will switch to a system where “ px ” represent virtual pixels , which on existing iPhone map directly to physical display pixels , and which on new 960 × 640 iPhones map to 2 × 2 - pixel squares that occupy the same physical dimensions as individual pixels on 480 × 320 displays .
I was hoping for clues to these resolution - scaling questions at the iPhone OS 4.0 SDK event earlier this month , but no luck .
Apparently we ’ll have to wait until WWDC in early June .
Manager wants striker to have another assessment in Spain ...
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez is reluctant to risk Fernando Torres in first - team action until he has had another assessment of his sore knee — but might have to wait until the cloud of volcanic ash covering Europe disappears before he can get his wish .
The 50 - year - old , who celebrated his birthday on Friday , wants the striker to meet again with Dr Ramon Cugat , the specialist who assessed his knee earlier in the week .
But the volcanic ash cloud , which originated from an Icelandic volcano and has kept flights grounded across the UK , has also prevented Torres travelling back to Spain to visit Dr. Cugat .
With the Reds set to play West Ham United on Monday , Benitez does n't want to play the 26 - year - old until Cugat has given the all - clear .
" We had some problems with the flights so we have kept him here but he needs to see the specialist , " said Benitez in his Friday press conference ..
" Talking with him before he was thinking about West Ham and the rest of the games but against West Ham I think it will be difficult .
" Everything is fine but we have to wait for the diagnosis and we 've had to delay the meeting with the doctor .
" If the flight is available he has to go and see the specialist to make sure everything is fine . "
If he misses the game against the Hammers , Torres will be anxious to be available for Thursday 's Europa League semi-final against his former club , Atletico Madrid .
Become a fan of Goal.com UK's Facebook fan page for all the latest news and insight into everything related to the beautiful game !
no seriously i do alot of cocane
So ... i dont mean to be a buz kill ... this is pretty freekin sweet .... but there 's no clips from when he was sober , and trying to get cocane ..... and the one i REALLY wanted , the whole reson i searched for this sound board , and am now a member on this site .... is the ( after intoduction , & i do cocane ) " no seriously i do alot of cocane " ... ( see what you can do about addin that line ) but other than that , rockin .........
Metal Matt
Akron Ohio
The usual excuse of " lack of time " for not doing enough exercise is blown away by new research published in The Journal of Physiology .
The study , from scientists at Canada 's McMaster University , adds to the growing evidence for the benefits of short term high - intensity interval training ( HIT ) as a time - efficient but safe alternative to traditional types of moderate long term exercise .
Astonishingly , it is possible to get more by doing less !
" We have shown that interval training does not have to be ' all out ' in order to be effective , " says Professor Martin Gibala .
" Doing 10 one - minute sprints on a standard stationary bike with about one minute of rest in between , three times a week , works as well in improving muscle as many hours of conventional long - term biking less strenuously . "
HIT means doing a number of short bursts of intense exercise with short recovery breaks in between .
The authors have already shown with young healthy college students that this produces the same physical benefits as conventional long duration endurance training despite taking much less time ( and amazingly , actually doing less exercise ! )
However , their previous work used a relatively extreme set - up that involved " all out " pedaling on a specialized laboratory bicycle .
The new study used a standard stationary bicycle and a workload which was still above most people 's comfort zone - about 95 % of maximal heart rate -- but only about half of what can be achieved when people sprint at an all - out pace .
This less extreme HIT method may work well for people ( the older , less fit , and slightly overweight among us ) whose doctors might have worries about them exercising " all - out . "
We have known for years that repeated moderate long - term exercise tunes up fuel and oxygen delivery to muscles and aids the removal of waste products .
Exercise also improves the way muscles use the oxygen to burn the fuel in mitochondria , the microscopic power station of cells .
Running or cycling for hours a week widens the network of vessels supplying muscle cells and also boosts the numbers of mitochondria in them so that a person can carry out activities of daily living more effectively and without strain , and crucially with less risk of a heart attack , stroke or diabetes .
advertisement
But the traditional approach to exercise is time consuming .
Martin Gibala and his team have shown that the same results can be obtained in far less time with brief spurts of higher - intensity exercise .
To achieve the study 's equivalent results by endurance training you 'd need to complete over 10 hours of continuous moderate bicycling exercise over a two - week period .
The " secret " to why HIT is so effective is unclear .
However , the study by Gibala and co-workers also provides insight into the molecular signals that regulate muscle adaptation to interval training .
It appears that HIT stimulates many of the same cellular pathways that are responsible for the beneficial effects we associate with endurance training .
The upside of doing more exercise is well - known , but a big question for most people thinking of getting fit is : " How much time out of my busy life do I need to spend to get the perks ? "
Martin Gibala says " no time to exercise " is not an excuse now that HIT can be tailored for the average adult .
" While still a demanding form of training , " Gibala adds , " the exercise protocol we used should be possible to do by the general public and you do n't need more than an average exercise bike . "
The McMaster team 's future research will examine whether HIT can bring health benefits to people who are overweight or who have metabolic diseases like diabetes .
As the evidence for HIT continues to grow , a new frontier in the fitness field emerges .
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - About 3,000 people marched in Beirut on Sunday to demand a secular system in place of the Muslim - Christian sectarianism that permeates politics , employment and family status matters in Lebanon .
“ Civil marriage , not civil war ” was among the banners carried by the mostly young , educated protesters who gathered in response to a campaign on Internet social networking sites .
It was Lebanon ’s first such demonstration in favor of secularism .
Many wore white T - shirts with “ What ’s your sect ? ” written on the front and “ None of your business ” on the back .
Lebanon , whose five million people are split into 18 sects , developed a power - sharing system enshrined in a 1943 national covenant which gave Christians a majority in parliament and said the president must be a Maronite Christian , the prime minister a Sunni Muslim and the speaker of parliament a Shi’ite Muslim .
The Taef accord that ended Lebanon ’s 1975 - 90 civil war gave Muslims parity in parliament and also called for the abolition of sectarianism , but the system persists , with religion - based quotas observed in the bureaucracy , army and education .
“ We cannot live in a country where Lebanese university teachers cannot be hired full - time unless they fit the quota of the year , ” said Kinda Hassan , one of the march organizers .
“ We cannot live in a country where they divide the chairs of the ministers according to their confessions , not their merits . ”
Hassan , 26 , operations manager for a local record label , said the constitution defined Lebanon as a democratic republic that respects freedom of belief and grants equal rights to its citizens .
“ So we are demanding the application of this point . ”
VESTED INTERESTS
Politicians have so far blocked attempts to reform Lebanon ’s electoral system , for example by introducing proportional representation to dilute the power of sectarian - based factions .
Demands for civil marriage have run into stern resistance from Muslim and Christian religious establishments --
Lebanese who marry someone from another religion must now either convert or get married abroad , with Cyprus the closest option .
“ In marriage , jobs , social life , sectarianism affects just about every person in Lebanon , ” said Aman Makouk , 62 , a retired school teacher who decided to join the march on impulse when she saw the crowd gather on Beirut ’s seafront Corniche .
“ Even for the government , why should the president be a Maronite ?
It can be a Muslim , a Druze , anyone , ” she said .
“ Instead of getting rid of it , people are getting more and more enclosed in this mentality , which we do n’t really need at all . ”
Lebanon ’s system does give all communities a share of power , which is no small achievement for such a divided country in a violent and explosive region , argued Paul Salem , Middle East director of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
“ However , the system should also allow more competition , progress and evolution , ” he said , advocating electoral reform , decentralization and an end to sectarian quotas in parliament .
Salem said such reforms would be hard to push through against opposition from Lebanon ’s “ ruling oligarchy ” who represent groups vying for power under religious labels .
“ In any country where you have four or five dominant politicians , they are not going to happily share their power or change the system in a way that would weaken them . ”
Fear was another obstacle to change , Salem said .
“ A fearful person is comfortable with what they know .
And all communities in Lebanon are fearful .
Everybody ’s afraid , everybody ’s a victim , so it ’s hard to convince them to move on . ”
Police prevented the march from reaching parliament , just another frustration for those demanding change .
“ We ’re really sick of sects controlling our lives .
We want a secular country .
We want civil marriage , ” said a 19 - year - old student named Sara , slogans painted on both cheeks .
Release Blogs that automatically post scene releases seem to be quite popular these days .
SceneDDL , XLDR and NewSceneFiles are some of the well known names in this arena and this post is about a promising new entrant ; SceneFlux .
SceneFlux is a feature packed release blog that posts detailed information and download links for scene released material including movies , music , games , TV shows , games , etc at lightning speeds .
From posting articles to uploading releases to one click hosting services , everything on this site is fully automated .
Detailed posts that even have images and screen captures are featured on the homepage and TV releases and MP3 albums have their own sections along with sorting and searching functionality promoting ease of use and discoverability .
Launched only a few months ago , SceneFlux has so far uploaded over 4000 releases .
That ’s 4000 blog posts spanning across 300 pages .
As said above this process is fully automated - this is what SceneFlux ’s owner told us about how the script and the site works :
The script RARs the release , uploads it to RS and Uploadjockey ( UJ links are then extracted into the website ) , and posts them to the website .
NFO , SFV and screenshots from the sample are taken and displayed in the site .
As well as show / album / movie information and size , number of files , pretime ( which usually is around 5 minutes when the auto is on ... we use scene FTPs as source , not torrents ) .
All those steps are displayed on the website in real time ( main page and upload queue page ) .
That ’s not all – SceneFlux has an IRC channel irc.sceneflux.net #sceneflux ( irc://irc.sceneflux.net/sceneflux ) which announces the release as soon as it is finished downloading and therefore enters the queue , as well as a permalink that will show the status of the upload ( with links updated in real time ) and the usual show / album / movie data .
Also , the site is AD FREE , therefore we need donation to survive ... as we need upload servers to create the links , and not just index them as any other ddl blog .
As I said , UJ links are automatically extracted to the website so at the end , we upload to :
Rapidshare.com
Megaupload.com
Hotfile.com
Filefactory.com
Depositfiles.com
Sharingmatrix.com
The uploading progress is indeed displayed in real time on the web interface .
You can even see a sneak peak of which releases will get uploaded next if you visit the ‘ Upload Queue ’ Page .
If you are a fan of TV shows and MP3 music albums , chances are that you ’ll like SceneFlux ’s dedicated pages for TV releases and its MP3 Archive ( accessible from the top toolbar ) .
These pages make it easier for you to find a release – for example the TV shows page allows users browse for listed shows by name / alphabetical index / genre , search for a specific show and even offers links to additional information about the show ( which usually points to TVRage , IMDB and TheTVDB ) .
Similarly , the MP3 archive page makes music more discoverable with the addition of many usability features .
While SceneFlux already has several great features up it ’s sleeve , there are plans to add more .
We ’re told that many additional features such as a request system based on newsgroups are in the making .
If you would like to check the site out , use the link below to visit their homepage – signup , registration or log in is not required , even to download .
[ Click Here ] to visit SceneFlux homepage
Special thanks to SceneFlux owner for the heads up .
Related Articles
Wed , 28 Apr 2010
FP - Syd # 23 .
On Thursday April 15th , we held the 23rd meeting of the Sydney Functional Programming group .
The meeting was held at Google 's Sydney offices and we had 28 people show up to hear our two presenters .
First up we had Ben Lippmeier demonstrating Gloss , a library for 2D vector graphics , animations and simulations .
Gloss grew out of a library that Ben and others were using the teach Haskell to first year computer science students at ANU .
It is now also being used at UNSW .
The library was designed to allow students to get animations running without having to really tangle with monads .
Programs using the library can achieve very impressive results with very few lines of code .
Our second presenter for the evening was Barry Jay demonstrating his Bondi programming language .
Bondi is an Ocaml - like language in that it is strictly statically typed , is mainly functional but allows imperative constructs as well , is impure with respect to I/O and has an object system .
Bondi came about as a proof of concept language aiming to show that the the ideas behind Pattern Calculus actually have practical application .
Bondi shows very clearly the value of being able to pattern match on arbitrary compounds objects without writing code to deal with the specifics of the compound .
A simple example Barry came up with was defining a completely new data type Complex and having Bondi 's pattern matching immediately able to figure out how to print it using the toString function as follows ( the " ~ ~ " below is the Bondi REPL command prompt ) :
~~ datatype Complex = Cmplx of Float and Float ;; Cmplx : Float -> Float -> Complex ~~ toString ( Cmplx 1.1 2.2 ) ;; it : String it = " Cmplx 1.1 2.2 "
Towards the end , the questions and resulting discussion turned back to the Pattern Calculus its relationship to Lambda Calculus .
This discussion continued at the pub where I think we decided that the Pattern Calculus is a super - set of the Lambda Calculus .
For more on this topic I would recommend the slides to Barry 's presentation at SAPLING '09 and the full paper version titled " A Combinatory Account of Internal Structure " .
A big thanks to Ben and Barry for presenting and Google for providing the meeting venue and the snacks .
Posted at : 21:25 | Category : FP - Syd | Permalink
BEIJING — Taiwan opened a tourism office Tuesday in Beijing that represents the island 's first official presence in China 's capital since the two sides split amid civil war in 1949 .
China will open a counterpart office in Taipei later this week as part of reciprocal steps aimed at opening up tourism links between the two .
Since taking office in 2008 , Taiwanese President Ma Ying - jeou has actively promoted ties with Beijing .
" The purpose is to introduce Taiwan 's scenery and landscapes to mainland people , and promote mutual understanding and interaction between the sides through tourism .
That 's the most important goal , " said Yang Ruizong , head of the Taiwan Strait Tourism Association office in Beijing .
Yang is the first senior Taiwanese official to be based in Beijing , a key milestone in bilateral ties after decades of hostility , while cross - strait relations are at their warmest in years under Ma 's tenure .
Despite the split 60 years ago , China continues to claim the self - ruled island of Taiwan as part of its territory .
Since
Ma was elected , the sides have resumed high - level dialogues , set up regular direct transportation links and allowed a greater number of Chinese tourists to visit in the hope of boosting Taiwan 's economy .
On Friday , China 's Cross - Straits Tourism Exchange Association will open its offices in Taiwan .
In the absence of official ties , the two offices will also work informally to handle travel problems and disputes , along with other difficulties , for their tourists .
" We 'll work to help travelers who come upon difficulties or need assistance , " Yang said , though he added that the office does not issue visas .
Taiwanese officials are hopeful that tourism will help to promote better relations .
" This an important development in cross - strait relations , " said Vice Mainland Affairs Council Chairman Chao Chien - min , speaking from Taiwan .
" The opening of the semiofficial office shows that cross - strait exchanges are being gradually institutionalized and now the government can help Taiwanese travelers on the mainland to handle problems that come up during their trips . "
However , some tensions still persist .
China has continued to deploy an estimated 1,300 missiles aimed at Taiwanese targets , and has refused to consider renouncing the use of force in dealing with the island .
Last week , during an interview on CCN , Ma set off a firestorm of criticism when he stated that the island would never seek U.S. help to defend itself .
Taiwan 's Defense Ministry insisted Tuesday that its stance had not changed , saying it will maintain a robust defense to deal with a possible Chinese attack .
In Beijing Tuesday , the opening of the Taiwanese office was greeted with excitement and a flurry of interest from local Beijing media , as costumed dragon dancers posed and confetti was tossed galore .
Since July 2008 , Taiwan began allowing mainland Chinese to visit as part of group tours , while Taiwanese have been coming to do business in China for years .
Since 2008 , Taiwan has received about 1 million Chinese visitors , while China records about 4 million Taiwanese annually .
Yang said he hopes to open additional tourism offices across China .
------
Associated Press Writer Debby Wu in Taipei contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Since the beginning of the pandemic , the daily briefing of the director general of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has been the main source of information for media outlets around the world that have been covering the spread of COVID - 19 .
In his opening remarks of the briefing on Monday , August 24 , WHO ’s director general [… ]
It ’s quite apparent that all ladies will have a soft corner for the Accessories MP3 Player .
Honestly , how many MP3 players can be as subtle and discreet as this !
Fashion statement , jewelry , bling … you name it , and it ’s there !
I adore the little loop earring that goes into the ear as headphones , now only if Cartier or Tiffany can get a whiff of this …
Designer : Lee Won-jun
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 13.9 K Shares
WikiLeaks typically posts leaked documents , and lets reporters and readers reach their own conclusions .
Now , the whistleblowing website has unveiled an in - depth report based on what it claims to be classified footage of a 2007 U.S. helicopter attack in Baghdad that claimed the lives of two Reuters employees , Saeed Chmagh and Namir Noor - Eldeen .
On July 12 , 2007 , Chmagh and Noor - Eldeen , members of the Reuters Baghdad bureau were killed on a reporting assignment in the neighborhood of New Baghdad .
Witnesses said they were struck by gunfire from U.S. attack helicopters ; at least nine other people were reportedly killed in the incident , and two children were wounded .
Reuters had sought to obtain gunsight video shot by the Apache attack helicopters and other incident reports , but the U.S. military has not released the footage to the news organization .
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said the organization was able to obtain a copy of the footage from an unnamed person ( credited in the video as " our courageous source " ) .
" The material was encrypted with a code , and we broke the code , " Assange said .
In addition , WikiLeaks sent two correspondents to Baghdad to verify the stories , fill in some blanks and conduct follow - on interviews with eyewitnesses and family members .
Assange said WikiLeaks did not check the authenticity of the video with the Department of Defense , however .
Chmagh and Noor - Eldeen had gone to eastern Baghdad while a U.S. military operation was underway ( click here to read a contemporary account by an embedded reporter from the Washington Post ) .
It 's clear from some of the footage that there may have been a few – perhaps one or two – armed men in the square where the Apache 's burst of 30 mm rounds hit .
But the footage here does not seem to show anyone directing gunfire at U.S. troops , as was reported at the time .
It was originally expected that WikiLeaks would release footage of a U.S. air strike last year in Afghanistan that reportedly claimed the lives of dozens of civilians ( Assange said the group planned to release that footage , but were still " working on it . " )
WikiLeaks has also claimed this video furnishes evidence of a Pentagon " coverup . "
Whether that is the case is open to question :
At the time , a military officer said : " No innocent civilians were killed on our part deliberately .
We took great pains to prevent that .
I know that two children were hurt , and we did everything we could to help them .
I do n't know how the children were hurt . "
This story , however , is significant in another respect :
It shows how a website dedicated to anonymous leaks has become a venue for a more traditional model of investigative reporting .
" In terms of journalism efficiency , I think we discovered a lot with a small amount of resources , " Assange said .
Combining leaked material and sending reporters into the field , he added , was a " powerful combination . "
First Contact Day was a holiday celebrated to honor both the warp 1 flight of the Phoenix and first open contact between Humans and Vulcans on April 5th , 2063 in Bozeman , Montana .
( Star Trek : First Contact )
When Captain Kathryn Janeway was a child , the holiday was just considered a day off from school .
Later , at least some schools such as WSA continued to operate on First Contact Day .
( VOY : " Homestead " ; ST : " Children of Mars " )
Naomi Wildman and Neelix planned the 315th observation of the event aboard the USS Voyager .
The festivities included Zefram Cochrane 's favorite food , cheese pierogies , and rock and roll music on Tom Paris 's jukebox .
At Neelix 's insistence , Tuvok gave the Vulcan salute while reciting the greeting given by the Vulcans during first contact : " Live long and prosper . "
He did not see the point of it , but everyone in attendance applauded .
( VOY : " Homestead " )
On this day in 2385 , the planet Mars was attacked by rogue synths .
92,143 people died in the attack .
( ST : " Children of Mars " )
External link
We did n't do it !
a source over at the Federal Communications Commission pleaded with us on Friday night .
Calm down , we replied .
Did n't do what ?
Did n't deliberately upload all those revealing take - apart photos of the iPad early , we were told .
Adding to all the excitement and hoopla over the release of the yummy gadget on Saturday was the discovery that graphic internals of the device were up on the FCC 's website before it was available for sale .
This might lead some to conclude , as various bloggers and journalists have implied , that federal regulators made a decision to release the specs prior to the iPad 's retail release .
But our source says the Commission had nothing to do with this call .
As device makers everywhere know , the FCC's Office of Engineering and Technology certifies a wide variety of devices before they go on sale .
One big concern is checking that the actual retail item does n't release a power signal that might interfere with other systems , but there 's a whole Equipment Authorization process that the OET oversees .
The actual inspection of these machines , however , is done by third - party Telecommunications Certification Bodies which have been approved by the OET .
Some of them reside in the United States .
Many do not .
According to the agency 's drop down TCB search menu , these organizations include Industry Canada , the Czech Office for Standards , Metrology , and Testing , and the Swedish Board for Accreditation and Conformity Assessment .
The iPad 's review can be found here .
And not only do they make the Equipment Authorization calls , but they , independently of the FCC , decide when to upload all that graphic equipment data to the OET 's public database .
Still , it seems to us that , for the sake of device makers everywhere , somebody ought to have a little chat with the certification body in question .
Fun as it is to get these photos early , Apple did request confidentiality on them for 180 days after getting an EA grant .
Spektakuläre Aktion vor Somalia Niederländer befreien deutsches Containerschiff
Die Piraten hatten die deutsche " MS Taipan " nur Stunden in ihrer Gewalt - dann befreite die niederländische Marine mit einer spektakulären Kommandoaktion das Schiff .
Zehn Seeräuber sollen festgenommen , ein niederländischer Soldat bei der Befreiungsaktion leicht verletzt worden sein .
Dare to buy red roses or a newspaper from a street vendor , and soon you could be breaking the law .
At least in Oakland Park , Fla .
Citing traffic safety concerns , officials in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of 42,000 tentatively approved an ordinance targeting not only panhandlers and peddlers , but the people who give to them or buy something from them .
Under the ordinance initially passed last month , anyone who responds to a beggar with money or any “ article of value ” or buys flowers or a newspaper from someone on the street would face a fine of $ 50 to $ 100 and as many as 90 days in jail .
Advertisement
“ You ’re going to put someone in jail for giving someone a coat when it ’s cold or a hamburger if they ’re hungry ? ” City Commissioner Suzanne Boisvenue said Wednesday .
“ For me , it ’s so wrong . ”
She cast the only “ no ” vote at the March meeting .
Other critics say the measure violates free - speech rights and unfairly targets the homeless .
“ I assume you have the right to beg , ” resident D. Michael Iradi said .
“ And anyone should have the right to give money .
Advertisement
“ My civil right to contribute is being violated , ” he said .
Said Laura Hansen , chief executive of the Coalition to End Homelessness : “ To make it a crime to help a human being in need ?
That is so antithetical to everything I know to be ethical , moral and right .
We have an obligation to help each other .
To penalize people for doing that makes no sense . ”
The ordinance had been scheduled for a final vote Wednesday , but the vote was delayed until June 16 to allow more time for the city to research the ramifications .
The measure prohibits “ beggars , panhandlers or solicitors ” from selling any item on a public street because it “ distracts drivers from their primary duty to watch traffic and potential hazards in the road . ”
Advertisement
Those who give are covered as well , said City Atty .
Donald J. Doody , because “ an operator of a vehicle is prohibited from stopping his or her vehicle that is in traffic on a public street to exchange money or other things of value . ”
Doody said there were other places to beg or sell : Newspapers can be sold from racks and people can beg on sidewalks .
“ It ’s just a different location . ”
The ordinance exempts registered nonprofits and is modeled after a law in Gainesville , Fla. , he said .
Boisvenue said the city was just trying to make money .
Advertisement
“ This is a violation of the 1st Amendment , ” she said .
“ And the city of Oakland Park should not be looking for a way to imprison motorists who want to give money .
And it targets the people without jobs , the homeless , at a time when the economy is the worst . ”
Boisvenue fears the ordinance would invite legal challenge and cost taxpayers money .
“ If they are indigent , the city will have to hire an attorney to represent them , ” she said , noting that the city also would be paying its attorney to prosecute .
But a supporter of the ordinance , Commissioner Steven Arnst , sees it differently .
Advertisement
“ People and cars do n’t mix , ” he said .
“ How would you like it if you were the person who hit somebody because somebody walked in front of you on the roadway ? ”
lhuriash@sunsentinel.com
sebryan@sunsentinel.com
How to Eliminate Menstrual Cramps Forever
Like so many other conditions found in this modern world , menstrual cramps are a result of diet .
In this case , it is easy to correct with a simple dietary addition .
The short answer …
Omega three fatty acids .
The reason
Omega three fatty acids are the body ’s only natural anti-inflammatory .
They come from fatty fish like salmon and tilapia .
Plant sources like walnuts , flax oil and borage oil can help , but fish oils work the best , and the plant sources do n’t always help .
Any time there is pain there is inflammation .
That is why drugs like ibuprofen help so much , they stop inflammation .
However , like all drugs , ibuprofen puts a toxic load on the liver .
In too great a dose it can even be lethal .
It may be good for quick relief , but you would be much better off if you take omega three fatty acids on a regular basis ending the problem naturally .
Besides , they are good for many other things like preventing heart disease , helping with skin conditions and much more .
How long does it take ?
It takes up to three months for fish oil to stop menstrual cramps .
In many cases it only takes one month to notice a significant change .
Women who experience monthly cramping are probably pretty low , so a high dose for a month or two can be a good idea .
I have seen people test for as much as six of the 1,000 mg gel caps twice a day , though I would n’t take that high of a dose for more than six weeks as it can be hard on the gall bladder .
A maintenance dose of two caps twice a day is good .
Or , eat fatty fish two or three times a week .
How to avoid fishy after taste
One of the biggest complaints about fish oils is the unpleasant taste from burping them up .
The solution is to get supplements with an enteric coating .
This means that they open up in the small intestines instead of in the stomach .
This is preferable for absorption too .
You can avoid the extra cost by freezing the regular gel caps .
Take them after eating and do n’t eat anything else for at least an hour and a half .
This works most of the time .
The problem with the freezing method is that it is easy to forget to take them .
Another helper is a daily dose vitamin E. Vitamin E is an antioxidant that helps the fish oils stay fresh on their way to doing their job .
400 IU is usually enough .
The information on this website is presented for educational purposes and is not a substitute for the advice of and treatment by a qualified professional .
Duncan Urges New Aid to Save Education Jobs
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan today urged Congress to pass new aid to preserve education jobs .
He testified before the Senate Appropriations subcommittee that deals with education spending on the same day the panel ’s chairman introduced a bill that would provide $ 23 billion for that purpose .
The legislation offered by Sen. Tom Harkin , D - Iowa , would be modeled on the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund .
That fund was included in the $ 787 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , the economic - stimulus measure approved by Congress last year .
The money could be used for compensation and benefits to help districts hold on to existing employees and to hire new staff members to provide early - childhood , K - 12 , or postsecondary services .
It could also be used for on - the - job training for “ education - related careers . ”
Secretary Duncan ’s public support for such aid marks the first time the Obama administration has explicitly called for new federal funding to help schools weather the continuing economic problems facing states and school districts .
“ It is brutal out there , ” Mr. Duncan told reporters after his testimony .
“ It is really scary .
We ’re seeing massive layoffs around the country . ”
The ARRA included up to $ 100 billion for education .
But the law only covers fiscal 2009 and 2010 , so states and districts are bracing for a major fiscal squeeze — the so - called “ funding cliff ” — when those dollars dry up .
Districts are considering a range of measures , including eliminating summer school programs , reducing staff , trimming benefits , and even shortening the school year .
In December , the House of Representatives approved a measure that would also allocate $ 23 billion in job aid to schools , but the Senate has yet to consider such legislation .
The House measure also includes $ 4.1 billion for school facilities , an issue that Mr. Harkin has championed .
But he said facilities funding would not be in his version of the bill .
Sen .
Harkin said in an interview that , while he is n’t “ giving up ” on the idea of more aid for school modernization , he wants to keep the focus of this package on jobs .
Working With Congress
Following his testimony , Mr. Duncan told reporters that he would like to see Congress pass an education jobs package in May , so that school districts could count on the aid as they work out their budgets for the next school year .
He said he was n’t sure if the $ 23 billion that Sen .
Harkin is proposing would be sufficient , but he called it “ a good start . ”
Sen .
Harkin agreed that Congress needs to act quickly , saying the measure “ ca n’t wait until August ” when many teachers would already have been put out of work .
“ The number of pink slips for educators for educators could easily , easily , top 100,000 , ” Mr. Harkin said in his opening statement at the hearing .
“ Job cuts of this magnitude would , of course , have a devastating impact on families throughout the country . ”
The senator said the $ 23 billion figure is roughly half of what was in the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund portion of the stimulus package , which covered two fiscal years .
The new measure would only cover the 2010 - 11 school year .
During the hearing , Sen .
Harkin said the cost of the bill does n’t need to be offset by other revenue because it would be considered emergency spending .
So far , his measure has attracted more than a dozen co-sponsors , all Democrats .
Sen . Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , the top Republican on the Senate education appropriations subcommittee , did not support the ARRA .
But he left open the possibility that he would back a more limited package aimed only at education , saying that he was taking a look at his colleague ’s measure .
During the hearing , the state superintendent of schools in Mr. Shelby ’s home state , Joseph B. Morton , urged lawmakers to support Sen.
Harkin ’s bill .
He said he surveyed his districts and found that , without the additional aid , there are likely to be more than 2,800 job cuts in Alabama next year , including nearly 1,600 teachers .
“ We know that we need a jobs bill , ” he said .
Ramon Cortines , the superintendent of the Los Angeles school system , which recently agreed to shorten the school year by five days to help avert layoffs , also testified in support of the measure .
He said it could save as many as 3,000 jobs in his district alone .
“ Our students and teachers are losing instructional time and taking a pay cut , ” Mr. Cortines said .
Layoffs are still expected , he added .
Race to Top Complaints
During the hearing , lawmakers began to push back on the Education Department ’s approach to the $ 4 billion Race to the Top competition , which rewards states for making progress on teacher quality and distribution , standards and assessments , state data systems , and low - performing school turnarounds .
The Obama administration has asked Congress to provide $ 1.35 billion in fiscal 2011 to extend the program .
Forty states and the District of Columbia applied for the first round of funding , but only Delaware and Tennessee were awarded grants .
States have the opportunity to compete for a second phase of funding , which will be allocated later this year .
Sen . Mary Landrieu , D - La. , whose home state was a finalist for the program and was considered a front - runner , sharply criticized the judging system for the competition .
She said her state , which placed eleventh in the competition , would have done better if the department had discarded each state ’s highest and lowest scores .
Ms. Landrieu also said she was dismayed that the competition placed a premium on getting districts and unions to support state plans .
While both the winners had near - universal backing from districts and unions , Louisiana was only able to get 67 percent of districts and 78 percent of its unions on board .
That should n’t have cost the state its grant , she said .
“ Nothing in our application was watered down , ” Sen. Landrieu told Mr. Duncan .
“ The problem is that if you push to get everyone there , you will give us no choice but to water down . …
There are many members [ of Congress ] ... that are absolutely taken aback by the posture of this department . ”
Sen .
Shelby pointed out that states only receive an additional 15 points out of a possible 500 for having a plan to boost education in science , mathematics , engineering , and technology .
“ That seems to be low and is troubling to me , ” he said .
“ Fifteen points out of 500 [ for an area that will ] drive the nation and the world in the future . ….
It seems like it ’s upside down ; this needs to be changed . ”
Sen .
Harkin promised to “ look into ” that issue .
“ That does n’t sound like it should be , ” he agreed .
Vol. 29 , Issue 29
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Back to Top
Fedora Summer Coding 2010 is looking for students
From : Karsten Wade < kwade - AT- redhat.com >
To : announce - AT-lists.fedoraproject.org
Subject : Students -
You are invited to submit proposals for Fedora Summer Coding 2010 Date : Thu , 8 Apr 2010 13:29:00 - 0700 Message -ID : <20100408202900.GE4103@calliope.phig.org >
Cc : summer - coding-AT-lists.fedoraproject.org , summer-coding-discuss-AT-lists.fedoraproject.org
Start here ?
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Summer_Coding_2010#You_are...
But here is some more , in case you want to read it .
( From http://iquaid.org/2010/04/08/students-you-are-invited-to-...)
We are rapidly constructing this summer coding program .
We know what we are doing , but because of timing , we are building the infrastructure , process , and requirements as we go .
It 's like moving in to a house while the scaffolding is still outside .
The Fedora Project makes it easy to do stuff like this , since the plumbing and stuff are already in place .
( Enough of that metaphor ? )
Since mentors have another week , until 14 April , to finish the ideas page : http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Summer_Coding_2010_ideas
The page is growing and changing until then .
Check back often , put a watch on the page , and immediately begin communicating with the mentors of any ideas that you are interested in .
The best place to talk with mentors is the discussion list :
http://lists.fedoraproject.org/mailman/listinfo/summer-co...
If you can't participate this year , such as the timing being off for your summer plans or you want more certainty , good luck to you for this summer .
Check back in ; we intend to do this again ( and again ) , and it is going be better after all this learning we 're doing : http://iquaid.org/2009/02/28/failure-as-the-secret-of-suc...
If you celebrate summer at a different time of the year , such as if you are in the stunningly huge population of people in the Southern Hemisphere , do you think we should keep rolling this program to do a summer - for - the - south version ?
Stay tuned , or help organize it : https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Summer_Coding_SIG#How_can_... - Karsten -- name : Karsten ' quaid ' Wade , Sr. Community Gardener team : Red Hat Community Architecture uri : http://TheOpenSourceWay.org/wiki gpg : AD0E0C41 -- announce mailing list announce@lists.fedoraproject.org
https://admin.fedoraproject.org/mailman/listinfo/announce
< object classid= " clsid: D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000 " codebase= " http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=9,0,28,0 " width = " 772 " height = " 397 " > < param name = " movie " value = " http://civil-rights-attorney---jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-pc-civi.eggzack.com/css/civil-rights-attorney---jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-pc-civi/lessinlaw-civilrights.swf " > < param name = " quality " value = " high " > < embed src= " http://civil-rights-attorney---jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-pc-civi.eggzack.com/css/civil-rights-attorney---jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-pc-civi/lessinlaw-civilrights.swf " quality =" high " wmode=" transparent " pluginspage = "
http://www.adobe.com/shockwave/download/download.cgi?P1_Prod_Version=ShockwaveFlash " type=" application / x-shockwave - flash " width = " 772 " height =
" 397 " ></embed > </object >
PHILADELPHIA CIVIL RIGHTS ATTORNEYS
Pennsylvania Police brutality , Illegal Search & Seizure Lawyer
As Americans , we enjoy legal protections that are unknown in many other counties .
However , unless something happens to violate them , our rights are easy to take for granted .
Moreover , when something does happen , we often have little knowledge about our options .
Our Philadelphia PA law firm advocates for people whose civil rights were violated by law enforcement , jail personnel and other public employees .
Our Pennsylvania civil rights lawyers support the police and know that they provide a vital service to society by protecting people from crime and violence .
However , we also know that law enforcement organizations are often unwilling to police themselves with the same aggressiveness that they use when pursuing criminals .
In some instances , police officers fail to operate with the integrity and fairness that the public deserves , violating citizens ' rights and damaging their own reputations .
Our Civil Rights Practice
Our Philadelphia ciivil rights attorneys assist people who suffered violations of their rights .
We are aggressive advocates for our clients , believing that only by bringing civil rights claims will law enforcement begin to reform its most damaging practices .
Our lawyers seek compensation for clients , including those who suffered physical and emotional damages resulting from police misconduct .
Our cases involve a wide variety of matters , from illegal search and seizure to police brutality .
Our law firm brings claims forward under the Fourth , Fifth , Eighth and Fourteenth amendments to the U.S. Constitution .
The protections offered by these amendments and numerous federal and state statutes give our clients grounds for action .
Our attorneys have been successful in many cases , obtaining settlements and verdicts against city , county and state law enforcement organizations .
If you or a loved one has experienced a violation of your civil rights in Pennsylvania , contact our Philadelphia civil rights law firm to schedule a no -cost consultation about your situation .
You pay no legal fees unless we win .
Conveniently located across from City Hall in downtown Philadelphia .
WARNING : LONG POST
The average cost of college ranges from approximately $ 15,000 to over $ 36,000 for public and private 4 year institutions , respectively , for the 2009 – 2010 school year .
So , whats the best way to pay for it ?
I hear this question almost every day from parents .
I am one .
There are several variables to consider when you begin developing the college funding plan for your child .
It begins with determine the extent of the assistance you want to provide .
This is a personal decision for each set of parents .
Some want to provide a little …some want to provide the whole amount .
Jean Chatzky , who spoke at this years national NAPFA conference , talked of breaking college costs into thirds .
Savings should be available to pay for 1/3 of the cost .
1/3 can be paid from current income .
The remaining 1/3 should come from the child through loans , work / study , etc .
It gives them “ skin in the game ” as she put it .
I think this payment plan is pretty good .
The first thing I recommend that parents do is gain an understanding of how financial aid works .
Understand how to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid ( FAFSA ) .
Understand how the Expected Family Contribution ( EFC ) will affect your ability to get funds .
Understand how the savings vehicles you utilize need to be titled .
Various amounts will have to be included in the EFC calculation .
Currently up to 47 % of adjusted income and 5.65 % of assets from the parents has the potential to be included as part of the EFC .
The amount of the EFC for the student can be up to 50 % of income and 20 % of assets .
These calculations are important , because it can have an effect on the way you want to title the assets you plan to use to pay for college .
More on this another time .
Now for the “ meaty ” part of the topic .
What are the best ways to pay fund a college education ?
Beyond the usual investments ( mutual funds , bonds , loans , grants , etc. ) there are a handful of options that are more specific towards funding a college education .
The major ones are ( in no order of importance ) :
College Prepay Plans
Roth IRAs
529 Plans
UGMA / UTMA ( Custodial Accounts )
Trusts ( Section 2503 )
Coverdell Education Savings Account
Now for some basic information on each of the options .
College Prepayment Plan :
Usually administered by the state .
The primary purpose here is to pay either all or part of a college education at today ’s prices , thereby eliminating inflation risk as it relates to tuition .
Th annual increase in value of the account is guaranteed to be equal to or exceed the annual in - state tuition increases .
This account is treated as an asset of the parent when calculating the EFC .
Primary Benefits :
Account is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the state .
by the full faith and credit of the state .
Account is relatively low - risk for parents that are more risk - averse .
Contributions are flexible .
Lump sum or installment payments are usually accepted .
Contributions can be made by multiple parties .
Primary Drawbacks :
Account is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the state .
If states do not calculate correctly , the cumulative value of the accounts may exceed the budgeted amount by the state .
Texas , for example , recently had to substantially modify the prepaid tuition plan they offer .
It is still too early to evaluate the overall effectiveness of this type of plan as it relates to the state .
by the full faith and credit of the state .
If states do not calculate correctly , the cumulative value of the accounts may exceed the budgeted amount by the state .
Texas , for example , recently had to substantially modify the prepaid tuition plan they offer .
It is still too early to evaluate the overall effectiveness of this type of plan as it relates to the state .
Account is typically used to fund in - state public institutions .
If your child decides to go to a private or out - of - state school , the value of the account will generally not cover the tuition costs .
Account is conservative .
There may be more productive options available if you are okay with some investment risk and have a long - term investment horizon .
Account may have substantial penalty and / or cancellation costs if you terminate agreement .
Account is meant to fund tuition only .
There are still room / board , supplies , etc. needed .
Roth IRA :
Generally used as a source of tax - free retirement income .
However , it can be utilized for higher education expenses without penalty .
Contributions are received without tax liability .
Earnings are taxed as ordinary income .
Primary Benefits :
Account is flexible .
Can be used for either retirement income or to pay for college .
Primary Drawbacks :
Account is meant to be used for retirement .
Earnings are taxed when used for education purposes and not when used for retirement .
Low annual contribution limits of $ 5,000 / annually when compared to other educational savings vehicles .
Only account owner can make contributions .
529 Plan :
A very popular option to pay for higher education expenses .
Contributions are currently taxable , but grow tax - deferred and the distributions are tax - free when used to pay for higher education .
Most states have their own versions of the popular plan .
Value of account is included as an asset of parent when calculating EFC .
Primary Benefits :
No income limits as it relates to contributions .
Contributions can be made by various parties .
Plans are open to anyone with residency requirements .
Can be used at all types of higher education institutions .
High contribution limits .
Ease of management .
Most plans have age based allocations that should become more conservative the closer the child gets to college .
Account holder maintains control of account in perpetuity so beneficiaries can be changed if needed .
Gift tax exemptions available .
Primary Drawbacks :
Investment risk .
Account can lose money .
Value of account may not be sufficient to fund college so parent has to be ready to make up value elsewhere , if needed .
Account manager fees can be high .
Short track record .
Plans have not been in existence for an extended period of time .
Investment options can be limited .
Funds are not required to disclose performance to investors so the transparency is lacking .
UGMA / UTMA :
A simple and inexpensive way to transfer title of assets into a child ’s name .
Accounts are established under state statute as opposed to trust documents .
These accounts can have a substantial impact on EFC as they are included as an asset of the child .
Primary Benefits :
Easy way to make bequests to a minor .
Can maintain control until child reaches age of majority .
Primary Drawbacks :
Child gains control of account at age of majority and can do as they wish with funds .
Gifts are irrevocable .
Income from UTMA / UGMA is subject to kiddie tax provision .
Account titling is incredibly important as it relates to various tax issues .
Trusts ( Section 2503 ) :
Very similar to UTMA / UGMA accounts .
Can be expensive to establish and maintain because services of an attorney , CPA and trust specialist is generally required .
Primary benefit is that it ensure the funds be spent in a manner consistent with wishes of grantor .
Coverdell Education Savings Account ( Formerly Coverdell IRA ) :
Account is , more or less , a precursor to the section 529 plans currently available .
As of 2004 , account is deemed to be an asset of parent when calculating EFC .
Primary Benefits :
More flexible investment options than 529 plan .
Can be used for K - 12 education expenses whereas 529 plans can’t .
Primary Drawbacks :
Low contribution limits of $ 2,000 / beneficiary per year .
Contributions limits are phased out according to Adjusted Gross Income .
To summarize , there are various options that can used to fund a child ’s college education .
It is very important to discuss what the overall goal is so the optimal funding levels and funding vehicles can be determined .
The impact on the EFC and potential tax issues is something that also deserves careful consideration as you design the plan .
I applaud anyone who wants to fund a college education for their child .
It is a priceless gift .
However , in my professional opinion , I do n’t think clients should forego contributions into their own 401 ( k ) and / or retirement plans to fund a college education .
There are multiple ways that college can be paid for whereas you are responsible for your own retirement .
Feel free to contact me or leave comments with your thoughts and / or questions …
The information presented here is for informational purposes only and should not be taken as investment , tax or legal advice .
There are multiple issues that should be carefully considered prior to making any decision .
Please consult with your own attorney and / or financial professional for information on your specific situation .
Some components of the onion have antioxidant and antimicrobial properties , making it possible to use this bulb for food preservation .
This is demonstrated by researchers from the Polytechnic University of Cataluña ( UPC ) and the University of Barcelona ( UB ) in a study that has just been published in the International Journal of Food Science and Technology .
" The antioxidant and antimicrobial properties of the flavonoids of the raw onion make it a good candidate for use in food preservation " , researcher from the Department of Nutrition and Bromatology at UB and co-author of a project carried out in the Department of Agrifood Engineering and Biotechnology at UPC , confirms to SINC .
The study , that has just been published by the International Journal of Food Science and Technology , shows that the flavonoids of onion , in addition to having beneficial properties for health , increase the life of foods , and so " they are a natural alternative to artificial additives used in the food industry " .
Flavonoids are phenolic compounds ( with the phenol group ) which are synthesized by plants .
The results confirm that , especially the yellow variety , is " a good source of these types of substances , and there is a positive correlation between the presence of flavonoids and their antioxidant capacity " .
Onions are a natural alternative to artificial preservatives .
( Photo Credit : Santas et al . )
" The onion can be effective for delaying lipid oxidation in emulsions of oil and water –a model system of foods like margarines and mayonnaises - , and it also inhibits the growth of microorganisms that alter foods " , Santas indicates .
The scientific team analysed onions of the White varieties " Fuentes de Ebro " and " Calçot de Valls " and the yellow variety " Grano de Oro " .
Using them the researchers demonstrated that phenolic compounds in the onion prevent the development of bacteria such as Bacillus cereus , Staphylococcus aureus , Micrococcus luteus and Listeria monocytogenes , microorganisms typically associated with the deterioration of foods .
Previous studies indicate that flavonoids have beneficial effects for health due to their antioxidant , anti-inflammatory , cardioprotective , vasodilatory and anti-carcinogenic properties , making it of special interest in the prevention of chronic illnesses , such as cardiovascular illnesses , and some types of cancer .
A more stable component
The flavonoids of the onion are more stable than some of its other components , such as sulphur compounds .
Traditionally it was indicated that these sulphuric compounds are good for the health , as they are responsible for the characteristic taste , aroma and lacrimogenic effects of the plant .
These substances , which are very volatile and unstable , are released when the onion is damaged or cut .
The onion ( Allium cepa ) is one of the most cultivated and consumed vegetables on the planet ( around 66 million tonnes in 2008 , of which 1.1 million were produced in Spain , especially in Castilla - La Mancha ) , and one of the main ingredients of the Mediterranean diet .
Source : FECYT - Spanish Foundation for Science and Technology
If you like this , there is a whole flickr set called Street Anatomy dedicated to anatomical tattoos .
Note : this is not an April Fool 's joke .
And no , this notice is not an April Fool 's joke either .
Update : 04/02/2010 –
Thanks to Martin Luder who pointed out that you can in fact do visibility in Eiffel without the inheritance “ export ” syntax .
Updated the example .
I ’ve used Eiffel a couple of times .
I ’ve even blogged about it once .
There ’s one really cool feature in Eiffel that lives below the whole DbC radar .
Peculiarly , the feature itself deals with “ features ” .
Basically , Eiffel allows you to decide which classes can see which “ features ” ( in Ruby features are basically methods ) on an individual basis .
Therefore , Eiffel has no need for a half - baked “ public ” , “ protected ” , “ private ” solution to the visibility problem because by exporting features you have extreme control over exactly how public , protected or private a feature can be .
Here ’s what it looks like :
feature { ANY} procedure_1 is do ... end feature { NONE} procedure _2 is do ... end feature { SOME_OTHER_CLASS} procedure_3 is do ... end
The first function is “ exported ” to ANY class ( ANY is a supertype of all objects in Eiffel ) , the second to NONE , the last only to SOME_OTHER_CLASS .
Note also that C++ also has this feature , but it has some limitations that make Eiffel ’s implementation a little more useful ( C++’s implementation does not respect inheritance , for instance ) .
I ’ve always wanted to see this kind of fine - grained visibility implemented in other languages , and last night I managed to implement a neat little gem for Ruby called “ friend ” ( taken from the C++ idiom rather than Eiffel ’s ) which lets you do just that .
A Quick Example
Here ’s a quick example of how the gem works .
You create your methods and then “ export ” them to specific classes ( and their subclasses ) .
Doing this allows only those classes to access the method :
require ' friend ' class A ; def bar ; D.new.foo end end class B ; def bar ; D.new.foo end end class C ; def bar ; D.new.foo end end class D def foo ; " HELLO WORLD ! " end # Export to A and B , but not C export : foo , A , B end puts A.new.bar puts B.new.bar puts C.new.bar # Output : # # HELLO WORLD !
# HELLO WORLD !
# export_features .rb:5:in `bar ' : `foo ' is not accessible to C: Class ( NoMethodError ) # from export_features.rb.rb:16:in `< main >'
Note that we could export : foo to Object and then every class could access this method .
Why Do I Need Fine - Grained Visibility ?
Glad you asked .
Many large systems end up with at least a few “ semi- private ” methods that are used only internally to communicate between classes but are not meant for the user to see or use .
In other words , they are only meant to be called by specific components .
This becomes hard to document , because these methods are “ public ” in Ruby ’s eyes but not exactly “ public ” in the eyes of your documentation tool .
This leads people to abuse RDoc ’s : nodoc : directive to hide methods arbitrarily , which in turn inspires people not to document these methods ( even for internal use ) .
In fact , this case was the inspiration to add “ @private ” to YARD ( after some serious debate with many people ) and is the one case where it is valid to use this tag on a method ( rather than declaring it private ) .
Of course , both of these solutions are hacks .
RDoc ’s solution implies that the method needs no documentation when it might in fact require quite a lot of developer - only docs ( developers need docs too ) .
YARD ’s solution implies that the method is private , but it really is not ( any class could call the method if they discovered it in private docs — even without send ( ) ) .
Neither of these solutions expresses the true nature of the method ’s visibility .
But Ruby is about expressing yourself in code , not in documentation , so why not allow the programmer to express this semantic directly ?
This is both cleaner and shows direct intent without resorting to documentation .
Friend lets you do this quite explicitly .
Another Example : The C++ “ friend ” Idiom
We talked about “ semi- private ” methods , or “ private interfaces ” , but our first example did n’t really show it .
The C++ “ friend ” idiom illustrates this best , so let ’s see how we would write one of these private interfaces using the Friend gem .
For the example we ’ll look at the interface of a Car , where only the “ Car ” class itself can turn on the engine using a key , disallowing the user from engaging the Engine directly :
class Car attr_reader : engine def initialize ; @engine = Engine.new end def turn_on ( key ) if key == " foo " @engine .
engage puts " Car turned on ! " else puts " Wrong key ! " end end end class Engine private def engage ; puts " Engine turned on ! " end friend : engage , Car end #
We can enable the engine if we # turn the car on with the right key car = Car.new car.turn_on ( " foo " ) #
But we can't enable the engine directly car.engine.engage # Output : # Engine turned on ! # Car turned on !
# export.rb:17 : in `block in export ' : `engage ' is not accessible outside # Engine ( NoMethodError ) # from friends .rb:29:in `< main >'
In the example , car. turn_on will work fine ( so long as we have the right key ) , but calling car.engine.engage directly on the engine ( are you trying to hotwire it ? ) will raise a NoMethodError exception , citing the method is inaccessible to us .
But not only do we get this cool runtime protection , we also get our method properly documented as “ private ” by just about every tool you would use .
In addition , you could easily write a YARD plugin to handle this “ friend ” semantic , explicitly declaring which classes this method is visible to .
Here ’s a mockup of what it could look like :
The Friend Gem
You can install the gem with a simple gem install friend .
Note that it does need to build a native extension since it requires some digging into the Ruby VM / interpreter to grab the calling class ( Kernel # caller is oddly missing this information ) .
You can actually implement it with set_trace_func , but that would be super slow .
As usual , the source is on Github : http://github.com/lsegal/friend
Feel free to poke around and improve the project and let me know if you use it .
Would n’t it be nice if your digital watch or cellphone quickly charged , without a battery to replace ?
How about solar panels with built - in energy storage ?
These things and more may soon become a reality thanks to a new form of ultracapacitor .
Technology Review reports that Professor Yury Gogotsi of Drexel University in Philadelphia and his team have created new , more powerful thin - film carbon ultracapacitors .
Batteries utilize chemical reactions , but ultracapacitors use the transfer of surface charges to store and discharge energy .
This makes them faster , gives them a lifespan of hundreds of thousands of cycles , and avoids the toxic materials often used in batteries .
Until now ultracapacitors have n’t been used more widely because of limits on the amount of energy they can store and difficulties in scaling .
The new ultracapacitors are significant because they can store three times the energy of the same volume of conventional ultracapacitors and can be made into large films using standard chip - making techniques .
If integrated directly into chips , they could also eliminate the need for external capacitors , lowering costs and improving performance .
The films are thin enough that they might even work with flexible electronics .
Y - Carbon , a Drexel spin - off company , is commercializing the technology .
ℚ⊂A⊂ℝ
ℚ⊂A ⊂C ⊂ℝ
Q ⊂A ⊂P ⊂C ⊂R
Q ⊂A ⊂P ⊂C ⊂D ⊂R
ℚ
There are uncountably many real numbers , and only countably many finite strings of symbols , so we know for sure that there is no scheme to represent all real numbers as finite strings of symbols in such a way that different reals get different representations .
However , there are useful subsets of the real numbers that * are * equipped with finite encoding schemes .
I hope to give some examples of such sets , including one , the set of periods , that is n't currently well known outside the mathematical world .
It 's traditional to think of the real numbers as divided up into three types of number : the rational numbers , the algebraic numbers , and the leftovers known collectively as the transcendental numbers .
If you 're not familiar with those terms I 'll be explaining them below .
We can represent this as follows : I 'm using unicode for blackboard bold R and Q there .
I hope your browser supports them .
ℝ is the set of real numbers , ℚ is the set of rational numbers , and A is the algebraic numbers .
But there are many different kinds of transcendental number in existence , so the subject of this article will be three more levels of classification we could insert between the set of algebraic numbers and the set of real numbers in the sequence above .
But first , let 's revisit ℚ and A .
The rational numbers are fairly straightforward to deal with .
They are nothing more than the ratios of integers .
Given two such ratios we can easily compare them to see whether they are equal .
For example , we 're taught at a young age how to tell if 2/3 is the same as 4/6 .
However , it did n't take long for the Ancient Greeks to realise that they had some equations they could solve approximately using rationals , but could n't solve exactly .
The best known example is solving x=2 .
Assume x is rational , so that x=p/q , with p and q integers with highest factors cancelled out .
We have p=2q , and so p must be divisible by 2 .
But then pis divisible by 4 , and so q is divisible by 2 .
This means that we can cancel 2 from the top and bottom of p/q .
That contradicts our assumption about cancellation .
So the equation has no rational solution .
If we expect x=2 to have a solution we must work with numbers that can't be represented as fractions .
Notice how the rational numbers come equipped with a notation to describe them .
We can just write one integer over another , with a horizontal line between them .
Given such a description we can immediately tell if it's valid ( it 's only invalid if the denominator is 0 ) and whether it equals some other rational number .
One interesting property of the rational numbers is that they are * dense * in the real numbers .
This is just another way of saying that any real number can be approximated as well as we like by a rational number .
For example , we can approximate √ 2 to within 1/1000 by the rational number 141421/10000 .
This is an important property that will come up again later .
We also know that there are only countably many rational numbers because there are only countably many pairs of integers .
The real algebraic numbers are all the real numbers that we can obtain by finding roots of polynomial equations whose coefficients are rational numbers .
For example , the real solutions to x -2x+½=0 are all algebraic numbers .
Among other things , this includes the solution to x=2 that was n't contained in the rationals .
The algebraic real numbers also include the solutions to " insoluble " algebraic equations .
( By ' algebraic ' equations , I just mean polynomial equations . )
Even though Galois proved we can't write expressions for the solutions to all algebraic equations using the four arithmetic operations and nth roots , these solutions still exist in the real numbers , and they are all , by definition , algebraic numbers .
We can describe an algebraic number by writing down the equation it solves , and additionally providing some description to say which root of the equation we 're interested in .
Unfortunately , given any algebraic number there is always an infinite number of algebraic equations that it satisfies .
So like with the rationals there is some redundancy .
The good news , however , is that given two such descriptions of algebraic numbers there is an algorithm to tell whether or not they describe equal numbers .
Even though there are vastly more algebraic numbers than rational numbers , they still only form a countable set .
As mentioned in the previous paragraph , every algebraic number can be described by a finite string of symbols , and there are only countably many such strings .
Now I want to insert a set between A and ℝ .
These are the computable real numbers .
But first think back to what I said about the rational numbers .
Pick a real number x .
Given any ε we can always find a rational number that comes within ε of x .
We can define a function f on the rationals with the property that f(ε ) is rational and within ε of x for any rational ε .
So f gives rational approximations to x to any desired accuracy .
Such a function uniquely specifies x .
In fact x is the limit of f(ε ) as ε tends to zero .
The computable real numbers are the real numbers specified in this way by * computable * functions .
Notice how there are no infinities involved here .
A computable real number is represented by nothing more than a finite string of symbols forming a computer program that processes finite integers .
We can find out what the real number is to any desired accuracy in a finite time .
Because we can write computer programs to find roots of algebraic equations to any desired accuracy we know that the algebraic numbers are contained in the computables .
So now we have :
Where I 'm using C to represent the computables .
Almost any number we ever want to work with is computable .
Whether it 's √ 2 , or π , or the value of some humongous integral that 's appeared in your engineering problem , chances are there 's an algorithm somewhere that can approximate it as accurately as you like , given enough CPU time and RAM .
Note that every computable is described by a finite string of symbols , and so the computables form a countable set .
There are some problems with computable numbers .
Given two representations of computable numbers we have no way of telling whether or not they are equal .
It 's not just that this is hard to do .
There simply is no algorithm to prove that the numbers are equal .
The problem is that the two computer programs may give exactly the same approximations to every degree of accuracy down to a certain ε.
But for higher accuracy they may give different results .
We have no way of knowing in advance at what value of ε they 'll start differing .
And anyway , there simply is no algorithm for telling if two computer programs will always generate the same results .
So paradoxically , testing the equality of two computable numbers is itself uncomputable .
Actually , the situation is much worse .
We can't even tell if we have a valid representation of a computable real .
In order to do that , we need to know that our computer program to generate approximations terminates .
But solving that would solve the halting problem .
By the way , despite these issues this representation of computable real numbers as functions leads to practical ways to do arbitrary precision arithmetic on a computer in a way that gives us guaranteed bounds on the accuracy of our results .
From here we could go two ways .
We could try to rein in our class of number to something more manageable .
Or we could try to push further and try to find ways to represent real numbers that are n't even computable .
Let 's do the former first .
The periods are an interesting class of real number that does n't seem to be well known .
The definition may be old , but it was only recently that they were being promoted in mathematical circles as an interesting thing to study .
So I thought I 'd contribute to their promotion .
Consider the number π.
It arises straightforwardly in geometric problems .
An example is computing the area of a circle .
Back in the 18th century Lambert proved that it was irrational and in the 19th century Lindemann proved that it was transcendental .
But in a sense the transcendental numbers are simply a rubbish heap into which the leftover numbers have been discarded .
Can we get some kind of handle on at least some of these numbers in a way that puts π back on the map ?
The real number π is the area of a unit circle .
So it is the area of the region of the plane given by the equation x+y < 1 .
Here 's a similar construction of another real number :
The area of that region is log ( 2 ) .
( Natural logarithm of course ! )
We can construct the logarithm of any positive rational number in a similar way .
These are all transcendental numbers .
But in a way they are nice transcendental numbers .
They arise from considering areas of the plane described by straightforward algebraic inequalities .
( As in the previous section , I 'm using ' algebraic inequalities ' to mean ' polynomial inequalities ' . ) That suggests a class of real number : those numbers that can be represented as the volume of a region defined by a bunch of algebraic inequalities with rational coefficients .
These are known as the periods .
I 'm talking about generalised volumes in n-dimensions , not just areas in the plane .
Clearly π and log ( 2 ) are periods .
But does this representation solve the problem we had with computable numbers where we were unable to guarantee we could check the equality of two numbers ?
Now it gets interesting .
The answer is : we do n't know .
It is conjectured that if we have the same number represented in two different ways as a period that we can transform one representation into another simply by using a small set of elementary operations .
It is also conjectured that there is a terminating algorithm for finding such a sequence of operations , or if one does n't exist , demonstrating this .
One obvious question now is this : are there any computable reals that are n't periods ?
A recent paper , Periods and elementary real numbers claims to exhibit one by means of a kind of diagonalisation argument .
But in general it's hard to prove that a number is n't a period .
I do n't believe there is a proof yet that e = 2.718 ... is n't a period , but mathematicians expect that it is n't .
I think the name ' period ' comes from the fact that the period of a pendulum of rational length , in a gravitational field of rational strength , is a period .
Computing this requires elliptic functions , and these often result in periods when applied to rational numbers .
Although mathematics is about numbers , few mathematical publications talk much about specific real numbers .
Curiously , when they do , they often talk about numbers that are periods .
For example there have been many recent papers on the values of the Riemann zeta function for interesting arguments .
These are often periods .
It has been suggested that the study of periods is actually the study of algebraic geometry in disguise .
There is certainly no end to the interesting mathematics we can do using only periods .
We now have :
In the section on computable numbers I mentioned that we could go the other way and try to find a bigger class of real numbers that could be represented by finite strings of symbols .
We could simply go " all the way " and consider those real numbers that can be defined , by any means possible , using the symbols of mathematics .
We can try to pin this down a bit better .
We 'll work with the language of set theory .
In this language we can write strings of symbols like S = " x>0 and x=2 " .
Such a string uniquely defines a real number if when we glue the string " there exists a unique x such that " onto the beginning of it we get a true proposition .
We can now represent the number √ 2 as the string S.It looks like we now have : with D the set of definables Except there 's a problem .
The set D is not definable !
The problem is this : we can talk about strings of symbols representing real numbers .
To talk about these in set theory we 'd encode these strings of symbols as sets so that we can apply the language of set theory .
In order to use our attempted definition of definable we need some way to say when a string of symbols represents a true proposition .
But to define a set of definables we need to talk about true propositions in the language of set theory .
Godel showed us how to talk about the provability of a proposition within set theory .
He did this by showing that provability is about mechanical operations we can perform on strings .
But there 's nothing analogous for talking about the truth of propositions .
In fact , Tarski showed us this is impossible .
So while we can talk about all kinds of individual numbers as being definable , we can't construct the set of definable numbers .
You may be interested to see an example of a definable number that is n't computable .
Probably the most publicised example is Chaitin 's constant .
It represents the probability that a randomly generated string of symbols is a computer program that terminates in a finite time .
We can't actually compute this number because it requires us to solve the halting problem .
Nonetheless , it 's perfectly well defined .
You can find the original paper on periods by Zagier and Kontsevich here .
I first found out about periods from the book Mathematics Unlimited Update : Jared asked if I intended the real algebraic numbers .
That 's what I said in the text , but I confusingly wrotefor this set .
But that usually means the * complex * algebraic numbers .
So I 've changed notation and now use A for the real algebraic numbers .
Similarly , the periods are usually defined to be complex numbers whose real and imaginary parts are given by algebraically specified volumes .
I was trying to avoid mention of the complex numbers to keep prerequisites to a minimum and the essential ideas here work without mention of the complex numbers .
I Left My Lunch in San Francisco
Positive Developments
2. Good Choice of Silicon .
3. Love Those LODs .
4. Sweet , Sweet Music .
5. Centralized Planning .
Stumbling Blocks
1. Moving Hardware Targets .
2. Leadership Lacking .
3. Corporate Chaos .
4. The Game 's Difficult Learning Curve .
5. Rushed Design .
Pushing Boundaries
The number of people who have had , and continue to have , an effect on the development of racing simulations at Atari is somewhat mind - boggling .
In March 1974 , Gran Track 10 , Atari 's first driver , featured a shifter , a wheel , a pedal , and sound .
Other notables were Night Driver and Sprint 2 in1976 ( Sprint 2 was a two - player game that was followed up by the one - player Sprint 1 in 1978 ) .
Pole Position in 1982 was actually licensed from Namco but built by Atari , and was followed by Pole Position 2 in 1983 .
Super Sprint in 1986 and Final Lap in 1988 round out the list , leading up to the introduction of Hard Drivin ' in February of 1989 , which was the first truly 3D driving simulation to be seen in the arcade .
Rick Moncrief led the stalwart crew of designers that created Hard Drivin ' .
Some of these designers were members of the Society of Automotive Engineers .
The result of these development efforts , as history will attest , was a large contingent of happily addicted arcade goers , who stayed that way through the release of Race Drivin ' in 1990 and even Race Drivin ' Panorama ( with multiple , wrap - around screens ) in 1991 .
( An entirely separate division of the company was formed to adapt the driving model and market it as a police - training device .
I 've been told that the police forces in question reported a marked increase in successful , first - time , high - speed pursuits due to the training program . )
Eventually , Moncrief and crew , apparently not satisfied with the challenge of simulating a normal automobile , decided that their next game should feature an automobile that also had retractable glider wings .
Get up enough speed down a hill , pop your wings out , and take to the air .
They even had a little fan in the top of the cabinet to blow air at you when you got Airborne ( the name of the game ) .
The team , known at that time as the Applied Research Group , did a fine job in the simulation , and once you learned to control it , it was loads of fun .
But it suffered from two problems that proved fatal .
First , it was too damn hard to fly ( for which it picked up the fond nickname � " Flyin ' and Dyin " , and was the subject of many a late night lesson in crash landing ) , and second , it missed out on a key trend in game development at that time : texture mapping .
At almost the same time that Airborne was being tested , Atari's two main Japanese competitors in the racing game market , Sega and Namco , came out with their own entries into the 3D racing realm .
Daytona and Ridge Racer both stepped up the bar from the previous Japanese blit - based racing entries and featured resplendent visuals due mainly to their use of this newly emergent technology .
So Airborne died a quiet death , the Applied Research Group faded away , and Moncrief and some team members left Atari to pursue a more down to earth , but no less ambitious goal : creating a full - fledged , motion - platform - packing , monster - audio - blasting , driving simulation .
The result was the location - based Silicon Motor Speedway ( www.smsonline.com).Meanwhile, back at Atari , gears shifted , and an internal development effort began to play catch - up to supply 3D texture mapping hardware .
Two sets of hardware grew out of that effort -- ZOID and TGS - - neither of which ever saw the light of day .
In addition , the reigns of the Atari driving simulation effort were given to producer John Ray and the " San Francisco Rush , or , I Left My Lunch in San Francisco " project was initiated to restore Atari 's lost position as the king of arcade racing simulations .
This is about where I came into the picture .
I had just finished up work as game designer and associate producer on Primal Rage , and I was itching to get back into some 3D animation - oriented work .
After a few meetings , I was accepted onto the team as associate producer and game designer .
The core team originally consisted of Master Ray , a few members of the former Applied Research Group programming staff , and some art staff from another recently disbanded project called Metal Maniax , a TGS - based , futuristic destruction derby .
Marketing and sales were crying out for a Daytona - type game , but the team was really looking to make its own mark .
We looked at Daytona carefully and tried to determine why it was so much more successful than Ridge Racer .
We also tried to learn from Eugene Jarvis 's Cruisin ' USA , which sold a whole lot of units for Williams by overcoming weaker graphics with its pure fun factor and a dirt - floor price point .
In the end , though , SF Rush was directly descended from Hard Drivin ' and used a variation on the same physics model .
This model not only simulated the engine and its effect on the wheels and , thus , the tire patches , but it also tracked the reciprocal forces back up through the drive train .
This model led to some key audio developments and enabled the sort of realistic force - feedback steering that made Hard Drivin ' famous in the first place .
Rush took a long time to produce -- almost two and a half years .
For the programming and hardware staff , much of that time was spent trying to bring up a new hardware system and create tools for it , or port between platforms .
Alan Gray led the programming effort , focusing on the physics model .
In the latter months of the project , John Geraci lent some key help with drone AI , among other things .
Jim Petrick , Betsy Bennett , Forest Miller , and Dave Shepperd also contributed to the programming , and there were tools contributions and assorted other efforts from several programmers from other in - house teams ( Bruce Rogers , Steve Bennetts , and Terry Farnham ) .
Pete Mokris designed a new , cost - reduced force - feedback mechanism that provided nearly the same performance as that used for Hard Drivin ' at a fraction of the cost .
The hardware team is too long to list , but Andrew Dyer and Steve Correll at Williams in Chicago made key contributions .
SF
Rush is , without a doubt , the most realistic simulation of San Francisco that 's ever been done in a game .
That 's not to say that there was n't a large dose of artistic license taken in the layout of the tracks ; after all , a fun race definitely takes precedence over an authentic simulation in the arcade .
Still , there were a few key elements of the production that stand out as noteworthy and contributed to the success of the game .
The art staff and the programming staff worked extensively with folks at MultiGen .
We needed a version of their MultiGen II plug - in Road Tools that generated a data structure which could be adapted to work with our driving model .
As far as I know , the folks in the Applied Technology Group had built their tracks for Hard Drivin ' by placing each polygon individually in 3D space .
The scale and variety of the worlds we envisioned for SF Rush would have made this approach prohibitive , so Spencer Lindsay , who had worked with MultiGen on Metal Maniax , pushed through the effort to adapt Road Tools for our purposes .
MultiGen had developed real - time simulation databases for the military , so the company 's tools were right up our alley in terms of generating a data structure optimized for real - time polygonal display .
At the time , MultiGen II was one of few software packages available that let us view our texture - mapped geometry in real time , almost exactly the way it would appear in the game .
The art staff was using mainly Indigo 2 workstations , which were upgraded to the Indigo 2 Extreme at some point , and one Onyx with a Reality Engine graphics head on it .
Incidentally , this was before MultiGen II ran on any platform other than Silicon Graphics .
Additionally , each of the artists had a Macintosh Quadra running Photoshop 3.0 and other utilities , and a PC running 3D Studio R4 , both of which were used almost exclusively for texture creation .
In 1995 parent company Time Warner sold Atari Games to WMS Industries .
This sale provided a tangential advantage to development .
At the time , Williams happened to be working with 3Dfx , a small start - up that had splintered off from Silicon Graphics .
In a combined effort between Atari Games and Williams , the 3Dfx graphics chipset was integrated as a daughter board into a proprietary development system known as " Phoenix " Later , the 3Dfx chipset was worked into a smaller , less expensive board solution for production .
The 3Dfx chip gave us access to a number of nifty tricks , including vertex shading , two sets of ( animatable ) texture coordinates , MIP - mapping and bilinear interpolation .
We made some of the most extensive use of levels of detail ( LODs ) in the game community to date .
Rush was , and still is for that matter , one of few games to create an environment with a naturally expansive feel .
One of the art team 's mandates was to avoid having geometry pop into existence out of a void , without having to resort to a fog or other obscuring artifact .
We also wanted to have reasonably detailed geometry immediately surrounding the track , however , which created a resource conflict .
All of the textures in SF Rush were drawn directly from the city itself via a perspective - correct lens on a 35 mm camera .
Used in conjunction with a scanner and Photoshop , this approach gave a sense of gritty realism to the environments .
We wanted to have flower bushes , trees , and window boxes along the road as players jumped their cars over the length of Lombard Street , but we also wanted to let players see out over Coit Tower to the Bay at the same time .
We wanted players to be able to look down the entire length of Market Street , but if they were to stop and look down a side street , they would see another vista , or at least an alley .
All this , while maintaining a decent frame rate , which we defined as 30 Hz , was no easy task .
The solution , we found , was to extensively exploit the use of LODs .
The original city map , with potential routes drawn in colored pencil .
A hand drawn route interpretation with topographical info for Track 3 .
Just the road surface .
Half decorated .
The final product .
MultiGen was once again the tool of choice ( and still is , for that matter , with Creator ) for its ability to implement LODs , another concept that grew out of the military simulation industry .
Everything in SF
Rush has multiple LODs , and all of the LOD switch ranges are finely tuned to create a sort of animated facade .
Geometry is switching in just around the corner and right under the player 's nose in SF Rush , but they 're unlikely ever to notice it , unless they look very closely or someone points it out to them .
The fact that SF Rush is a racing game aided our efforts in achieving this effect .
Following a racecourse limits the number of routes that a player is likely to take through the city , which consequently limits the number of angles / speeds at which you can approach objects / locations in the game .
Also , we spent a lot of time rebuilding sets of LODs that were too polygon heavy , in order to maintain the frame rate once the final hardware was available .
In the end , an awful lot of hand tuning and elbow grease was required to get right , but I think we were able to create a good sense of expansive spacesI 've heard reports that the musical selections for the consumer releases of Rush , which were taken directly from the coin - op version , were not appreciated by consumers .
I have to apologize to all the people who feel that way , but we did that ( almost ) on purpose .
The entire team was of the opinion that the most important thing for the game aurally was quality of the sound effects as opposed to the sound tracks .
That meant that the engine sound was paramount , closely followed by wind noise , road rumble , a proper Doppler shift effect for other cars , and reverb ( for tunnels and canyon - like city streets ) .
The sound tracks were relegated to whatever time and resources remained after implementing the effects , which is why the music on an optional switch in the cabinet , and the default setting is no music at all .
The intricacy of the driving model made it possible to create an engine sound that was true to life .
The torque and load parameters from the engine were used to drive an audio model that then acted upon a series of samples taken from various automotive sources .
In - house audiophiles Gunnar Madsen , Chuck Peplinski , and Todd Modjeski teamed up with contractor David Riesner and the Atari Industrial Design team ( Mark Gruber , Ralph Perez , and Pete Takaichi ) .
They produced a quadraphonic sound system design for the cabinet , rounded out with a seat - mounted sub - woofer , that would do justice to the game 's detailed audio effects .
The one thing that really puts the SF Rush experience over the top turned out to be something we had n't anticipated : the audio .
The audio , in combination with the rest of the elements of the game , increases your level of immersion in the experience .
The audio experience is very evident in the game when you get air going over hills and off jumps .
The combination of the realistic physics model and a full - weight car going well over 100 MPH makes for long jumps in which the car seems to float .
Perhaps due to these intense physics , there was always a sense of disconnection from the car when it was jumping .
Then we added the road rumble , got the seat - mounted sub - woofer working , and actually linked the road rumble to the car 's position on or off the ground .
It 's an extremely subtle effect , and is more felt than it is heard , but when a player goes over a jump and the grinding rumble beneath him or her turns to a coarse whooshing sound , it really sells the fact that the car just went airborne .
The audio guys , naturally , wished they had a better audio hardware with more resources to put towards the audio effort , but I think they did a fine job with what they had , given our goals .
When I first joined the team , design meetings were being held in conjunction with status meetings for the entire team and were n't particularly functional .
I was the new kid on the block , and despite my best efforts , the meetings always degenerated into separate groups .
Everyone argued and brainstormed energetically , but never came to any conclusions either .
Can you say , " Dilbert ? " This disorganization went on for a bit until a certain key member of the team threatened to be off about his business if there was n't a change , and at his suggestion a core design team was formed .
The core team was composed of John Ray as producer , Alan Gray as lead programmer , myself as game designer , and the art lead , whoever that happened to be at any given time .
I suppose it 's easy for me to say , because I was included in it , but I do n't think anything would have ever gotten done if we had n't implemented the core team design meetings .
Also , we made it clear that intelligent feedback and suggestions for alternate solutions were more than welcome from the rest of the team .
We needed to establish initial priorities , however , and assign short - term tasks while starting to map out what was going to be a huge effort .
To me , it was at this point that we actually started making a game , as opposed to developing the underlying technologies that would make a game possible .
In spite of the fact that we finished SF Rush on time , and that we achieved nearly all of the goals that we set for ourselves , we did encounter some significant hurdles .
In general , however , we were able to learn from our mistakes , and we turned most of these impediments into advantages .
The development of the hardware progressed slower than we had anticipated , and the hardware itself was slower than we had hoped .
Think about it : we were building some of the first consumer - level 3D hardware .
The Rush art effort , in particular , faced the inevitable problem of trying to hit a moving target by creating graphics for a hardware platform that kept changing .
The production hardware came in two flavors : " Seattle " was a single texture - memory unit ( TMU ) version ( used on Mace and Gretsky 3D Hockey ) , and " Flagstaff " was a two - TMU version of that board that also included the Cage audio hardware , a proprietary audio board that provided 16 channels of 16 - bit sound .
Switching hardware gears in mid-production was a bit of a mixed blessing ; we had to port the physics model to the new platform and revamp the art tool chain .
In the end , however , the new hardware turned out to be just what the doctor ordered .
Once the port was done , Alan Gray was free to work on the game and underlying technologies , and the hardware effort , focused in Chicago , was in hands that were devoted entirely to that pursuit .
At this point , we devised a new schedule based on the availability of the new hardware , which was six months away , and the crunch began .
We eventually met that schedule , thanks to someThe Rush art effort suffered from the art team 's lack of a strong leader .
Initially , this task fell to Michael Prittie because he was the most senior of the group .
Michael was a fine artist / modeler / animator , but lacked the technical background to lead a cutting - edge , real - time 3D effort .
Next in line was Spencer Lindsay , who was definitely the technical art lead throughout the project .
At that point , however , Spencer was n't ready to assume the duties of managing and scheduling the rest of the art team .
For a while , Michael and Spencer tried to divide the lead duties between them , which really did n't work .
As a result of all this confusion , Rob Adams , who was in charge of texture production and 2D work for the game , was , for the most part , left to his own devices .
Rob was a talented artist , and he produced a plethora of textures .
However , there was minimal organization of these textures into a library , much of the modularity of the overall texture set had to be rethought , and the project required a global color balancing .
Rob was n't modeling worlds until late in the project , and as a result , was n't properly aware of some of the implications that our mapping methods ( for example , separating building tops and building bottoms so that the textures could easily be combined into a variety of buildings , or tailoring the house and building bottoms to the predefined hill angles that we were using to model the tracks ) should have had on his texture development .
The discrepancies between Rob 's work and our mapping efforts represented relatively small problems , but precluded handy solutions to the daunting task of modeling three - and - a - half - miles worth of city streets while trying to avoid too much repetition .
The lesson to be learned from this set of circumstances , in my opinion , is that everyone on an art team should do both modeling and texturing , as the two are closely linked in today 's 3D games .
In fact , Rob 's texturing skills improved when he began modeling in earnest , and he turned out to be an excellent modeler as well , a much - needed help in the latter stages of the game .
Eventually , towards the end of the project , we decided that I should take over as art director .
I was brought onto the team as game designer , but I had just finished a blit - based game , so I was initially discounted as a 3D artist .
I quickly became frustrated , though , at designing tracks on paper and watching over Spencer 's shoulder as he built the road surface for the first track .
With the team 's permission , I began working the night shift so that I could use the Onyx to learn MultiGen II and proceeded to model the road surface for the second two tracks .
When the track surfaces were done and the game design was in a fairly stable state , I went on to start modeling scenery for the tracks as well .
At this point , I began to realize that the texture library needed to be rethought , and it was the resolution of this issue that convinced the team to let me give it a go as art director .
This reorganization was only a few months before the end of the project .
We were behind on most fronts at that point , but we were prepared to take a fresh look at things and push through .
Upper management saw things differently , however , and so the face of the art team changed again in the eleventh hour , necessitating an application of sheer labor towards meeting a deadline .
Along with a series of lay - offs in late 1996 , upper management at Atari eliminated the position of Director of Animation , formerly held by Tom Capizzi .
They also decided that since we were behind , Tom should take over as art director for the Rush team .
I 'm sure Tom would be the first to admit that he received his direction on how the game should be finished from myself and the other Rush artists , but I 'm the first to admit that the project could never have been as polished a final product without Tom 's help .
Tom took care of the cabinet graphics , logos , and attract movies ( with Greg Allen and Brent Englund on the video shoots ) , and furthermore put together a sub team to finish up the cars .
Tom contracted Kirk Young and chain - ganged Jeff Shears and Gene Higashi from another team to finish the car effort , while the rest of the art team concentrated on finishing the tracks and select screens .
Tom also had the dubious pleasure of inheriting a big organizational and relational mess , and I am eternally grateful to him for taking that mess off of my back just as I was hunkering down to hoist it up ; but in the end , it all worked out .
Finished Rush cabinets rolling off the line in Waukegan , Ill .
The biggest design flaw with Rush was that , despite our best efforts , its learning curve was still a bit steep for a portion of the arcade audience .
Driving a realistic car model through the streets of San Francisco at extreme speeds is just plain hard to do .
We wanted players to be able to get good at it , but we also wanted the casual player to be able to play it and not be scared off .
We tried to address this problem in our design with two major tactics .
The first was a smooth progression of the skill level required for each of the tracks .
Players can drive Track 1 by just putting a foot on the gas ; a player in the Beginner car can pretty much go around the track without steering .
Which brings us to the second tactic : the cars were divided into four classes , going from the Extreme , which is the full simulation , to the Beginner , which has serious training wheels , with a smooth continuum between the two .
By the time a player has mastered Track 3 , which actually requires braking ( or at least taking a foot off the gas ) to get the best times and can finish the course without crashing in the Extreme car , he or she has spent a lot of time and a lot money feeding his or her addiction .
The problem lay in the fact that too many people chose the Extreme car when they ought not to have done so .
A player can choose Track 3 and use the Beginner car and still not have too bad a time of it , but a beginner who chooses the Extreme car on any of the tracks is in for a rough ride .
One of the last revisions to the game featured graphics and sound cues designed to make players aware of the dangers of the Extreme car .
This tactic may have helped somewhat , but John Ray contends ( and I agree ) , that we should have put access to the Extreme car on a secret button combination .
Secret button combinations are commonplace Easter eggs in arcade games these days , and we used them for other player configurable aspects of the game successfully .
In the end , we decided , unwisely , not to use one for access to the Extreme car .
If we had actually limited access to the Extreme car , we probably could have prevented a certain percentage of players from being scared off by the difficulty of the game .
The only other major problem we had with the design of the game was a lack of final tuning .
I was so busy scrambling to build tracks that a few fine - tuning issues slipped through the cracks , despite an excellent testing crew .
I 'm not going to elaborate on those , but suffice it to say that it 's possible to cheat a little in rare instances with the initial release of the game , and the drones can be kind of evil sometimes .
Now , I do n't want you to get the impression that the art effort on SF Rush was a complete fiasco .
That was decidedly not the case , and though it may have been a sprawling mess some of the time , it was successful in the end , and we managed to push a couple of boundaries along the way .
Many elements contributed to the success of the game design , but in the end , I think the interplay of two main elements distinguish Rush from other racing games of its kind and create a unique experience .
The first is the combined sense of realism gained from the realistic physics model , the force - feedback steering , the surround sound , and all the little touches .
The strength of the car and the layout of the tracks let players perform some incredible , decidedly unrealistic stunts .
This style of game play , combined with a sense of tactile realism , creates a positively surreal experience that can be quite a rush , so to speak .
A latter day incarnation of the Rush team , from top to bottom left side , then top to bottom right side : John Ray , Spencer Lindsay , John Geraci , Gunnar Madsen , Steve Riesenberger , Cameron Petty , Kirk Young , and Alan Gray .
Since SF
Rush was released in December of 1996 , sales of the game have exceeded 10,000 units ( a large number for a deluxe , sit - down , coin - op game ) , while sales of consumer versions of Rush have topped the 500K mark and continue to climb .
We were fortunate enough to have Ed Logg - - the man who created Asteroids , Centipede , and Gauntlet , and converted Wayne Gretzky 's 3D Hockey to the N64 - - volunteer his team to do the N64 port for Christmas 1997 .
The in - house consumer Rush team not only made the sprawling beast run properly under the N64s limited resources , but also managed to add new graphics and a portfolio of player adjustable effects ( wind , fog , and so on ) and options ( tag , secret keys , and others ) .
At the same time , the coin - op team was working on an update to the arcade version ( San Francisco Rush : The Rock ) .
This release would feature new tracks , as well as incorporating a new set of cars that were done by some of the Mace team artists ( Jeremy Mattson , Patrice Crawford , and Matt Harvey ) .
The face of the Rush team changed once again not long after the game went to production .
Steve Riesenberger , Aaron Hightower , Rick Gonzales , Garret Jost , and Brian Davis have all joined the team , and everyone but John Ray and Spencer Lindsay have moved on to different pastures .
Both the consumer and the revamped coin - op Rush teams are currently hard at work on two separate Rush sequels .
Not long after the production of the original game , I moved on from the coin - op Rush team .
Tom Capizzi had already left the company to join Rhythm and Hues in Los Angeles , so Spencer Lindsay became art director again for Rush : The Rock .
Spencer had learned some valuable lessons over the course of the project -- as we all had -- and was well prepared to take up the reigns .
Meanwhile , I was off on vain attempt to make something other than another racing game .
I obviously failed miserably , as I 've been working on nothing but another racing game for the last nine months .
But that 's another story ... [ Cameron Petty joined Atari Games in 1992 .
He was game designer and associate producer for both Primal Rage and SF Rush , and went on to co-found City Of Heroes creator Cryptic Studios .
This article was originally published in the August 1998 issue of Game Developer magazine . ]
Dean Kamen showed up on The Colbert Report last night to show off Luke -- the advanced prosthetic arm he 's been working on with DARPA and the Defense Department for the past few years .
Besides the requisite Segway jokes ( and Colbert 's are pretty funny , we 'll give him that ) , it 's pretty heart - warming to see Kamen and his crazy awesome arm hanging out with our favorite faux Republican .
Just more proof that Colbert is a major gadget nerd .
The video's after the break -- hit the read link if you want to watch the entire episode .
Google Chrome mette il NOS e arriva alla versione 5 Beta .
Elevatissima velocità durante il caricamento delle pagine web , incrementi prestazionali tangibilissimi rispetto alla precedenti versioni e molte novità .
Di seguito maggiori dettagli ed un video con rapido test sul campo !
Ultimamente Google sta espandendo di molto i suoi orizzonti .
" Risolta " la problematica sorta in Cina qualche mese fa , l'Azienda è al lavoro su due grossi fronti : da un lato il suo sistema operativo Open Source Google Android OS e dall ' altro il continuo sviluppo del browser Chrome .
Da pochissimo è disponibile online e liberamente scaricabile la Beta 5 di questo browser , che Google reputa estremamente veloce rispetto alle attuali proposte della concorrenza .
Numerose le novità che questa versione porta con sè .
In primo luogo , la velocità .
Il browser è infatti in grado di garantire prestazioni maggiori del 30 % e del 35 % rispettivamente con benchmark V8 e SunSpider .
Se comparato con la primissima beta , il nuovo Chrome vede tale percentuali elevarsi al 213 % e 305 % .
Tali dati sono stati pubblicati direttamente dal colosso di Mountain View , che ha condotto personalmente i test velocistici per dimostrare i risultati raggiunti con questa release :
Una beta davvero stabile quella di Chrome 5 .
Come è possibile evincere dopo pochi istanti di utilizzo , ora il browser integra nativamente Adobe Flash Player : ciò evita la necessità di installare manualmente plugin aggiuntivi nel browser ; inoltre agli aggiornamenti di Chrome saranno resi disponibili , in concomitanza , anche quelli del medesimo plugin ( nonchè di altri eventualmente installati dall ' utente ) .
L'utilizzo e l'installazione dei plugin è ora disponibile anche durante la navigazione " in incognito " .
Altra novità : l'ottimizzazione della sincronizzazione dei preferiti , già presente da tempo , che adesso consente di mantenerli indipendentemente dal PC tramite il quale ci si connette al proprio Google Account .
La personalizzazione è un altro punto a favore del web browser di Google : è possibile persino sincronizzare le preferenze utente , nonchè impostazioni , homepage , temi e settaggi più specifici ( es. relativi ad alcuni contenuti web particolari ) .
Meritano infine menzione le nuove funzionalità iniettate nel codice del browser per supportare con nuove feature lo standard HTML 5 , ad esempio : Geolocation API - App Cache - web socket - drag - and - drop .
Di seguito vi riporto un video , che consiglio di visionare direttamente su YouTube e alla massima qualità ( HD ) nel quale ho voluto mostrarvi rapidamente la reattività del browser , la facilità e l'immediatezza con cui installare le estensioni , pieno supporto al flash in modalità nativa , traduzione pressochè istantanea delle pagine web , visione dei sottomenu più particolari e piena integrazione con Windows 7 :
Decisamente divertente i test condotti nei laboratori
Google per mostrare in maniera meno rigorosa ma sicuramente molto caratteristica e divertente a cosa può ora essere comparabile la velocità di questo browser :
Now that the Digital Economy Act has been passed by both Houses , what can internet users expect , and when ?
Quick answer : nothing much soon .
The outgoing government says it introduced the measures because in the 20 months since the MoU between ISPs and copyright businesses , little progress has been made .
So the P2P part of the Bill is actually a long set of instructions for Ofcom , inviting it to draw up a code of obligations for both ISPs and copyright holders .
The code of practice will guide how both parties deal with infringement , mainly from P2P use .
The invitation to start work on the initial code , then , is the starting pistol - and it may go off in mid-May , when the next Parliament convenes , or later .
Ofcom is then invited to spend six months drawing up the code for handling copyright infringement notifications .
During this time it is expected to consult widely : the Act mentions rightsholders , service providers , subscribers and anyone else interested .
Clearance with the EU is also required for this code , as BIS explained here .
The UK government must show the measures are consistent with " Convention Rights , with European Directives on subjects such as copyright protection , Internet Service Provider liability and privacy and in a way that is consistent with principles of administrative law . "
Don Foster MP did n’t think it could be done in less than three months , speaking in the Commons this week .
The code agreed will be put into practice for a year , during which the outgoing government hopes lots of new music services will appear , and casual infringement will fall .
As BIS wrote in an explanatory note earlier this year :
“ The ultimate aim of the legislation is to shift people ’s behaviour from the unlawful to the legal . ”
One view is that up to now people have used P2P because they know they ’re not being watched , and 12 months of monitoring may be enough to change that .
Another view is that they may not care that they ’re being watched , and are willing to take their chances .
If the former view turns out to be nearer the mark , then the story ends there .
Everyone breathes a sigh of relief .
The government says it expects that the volume of CIRs , or Copyright Infringement Reports to be high – but generating these is expensive for copyright holders , and processing them even more expensive for ISPs .
It ’s not what either of them should be doing .
If people do n't stop downloading illicitly the full 12 months must elapse before the Secretary of State can draw on powers to act further .
If at that point infringement has not fallen sufficiently in his judgement , the Secretary can order Ofcom to draw up “ technical measures ” to be introduced by the service provider .
Ofcom has a palette of four options , as the Act defines a technical measure as something that does one or more of the following :
Limits the speed or other capacity of the service provided to a subscriber Prevents a subscriber from using the service to gain access to particular material , or limits such use Suspends the service provided to a subscriber Limits the service provided to a subscriber in another way
The technical obligations are then presented to Parliament for inspection , and must pass a vote in each House .
So if you add it all up , then a code ca n’t be put in force any sooner than early next year , 2011 , and even then 12 months must elapse before any technical obligations are sharpened .
We ’re looking at Spring 2012 for the first technical measures being put in force .
Remember that the subscriber has two tiers of appeal – to the ISP or to an independent appeals body .
This is where the important Lib Dem amendments , now almost forgotten , become important .
Rather than a Star Chamber , as originally envisaged , the appeals body is obliged to presume innocence .
For anyone determined to be the first Mandybill Martyr , the first bandwidth throttling or account suspension wo n’t then take place before Summer or Autumn 2012 – well over two years away .
A lot can happen in two years .
Then again , we had high hopes in July 2008 , too .
All we 've had since then is Spotify . ®
Bootnote
What about the old Section 18 , you ask , the bit about web - blocking ?
The future of this can of worms is so uncertain we 'll defer discussion on that for the moment .
It may not survive scrutiny in the 60 - day eyeballing opportunity promised in the new Parliament .
DEFAULT
On the eve of this month ’s presidential elections , the Togolese government refused to grant accreditation to French media outlets .
Reporters without Borders criticised President Faure Essozimna Gnassingbe after correspondents from Radio France , RTL and La Croix were refused access to the country in the build up to the disputed 4 March vote .
Diplomatic relations between the France and Togo have been tense , Togo gained its independence from the European country in 1960 .
Last month , the Utah legislature passed a new abortion amendment ( H.B. 12 ) that threatens to criminalize women for their behavior during pregnancy .
Gov. Gary Herbert can and should stop this dangerous legislation from becoming law .
The back story that got us to this point is tragic : A 17 - year - old so desperate to end a pregnancy paid a stranger to beat her up , hoping beyond hope that the blows to her abdomen would cause a miscarriage .
It did n’t .
The state arrested the attacker and threw him in jail , but it had no legal basis for doing the same to the teenager .
So Utah legislators decided to change the law and criminalize the acts of women who “ recklessly ” engage in conduct that results in the termination of a pregnancy .
It ’s important to solve problems , not exacerbate them .
Charging a desperate teenager with a crime solves nothing .
Clearly , this teenager , like other women facing unintended pregnancies , needs our support .
Everyone ’s circumstances are different .
We should be making laws and policies that ensure that every woman , no matter what her situation , can get the health care she needs .
We should not be putting up obstacles to care or threatening to prosecute women who need our compassion .
The medical community is clear : prosecuting pregnant women for their behavior can dangerously drive a woman who is most in need of help away from seeking services .
We all suffer when that happens .
We also need to provide our youth with medically appropriate information about sex and its consequences in our public schools , to ensure that our young people are equipped with the information they need to avoid facing this situation in the first place .
Moreover , we should all be concerned that in the hands of an overzealous prosecutor , this overbroad amendment could be used to punish pregnant women more generally .
For example , could a pregnant woman who fails to wear a seatbelt and is in a car accident be charged with reckless homicide should she miscarry ?
We know from experience that prosecutors can and do bring cases against individuals that go far beyond what the legislature intended .
In 2004 , for example , a woman was arrested and prosecuted under Utah ’s existing criminal homicide statute for refusing , against her physician ’s recommendation , to undergo a cesarean section .
Pregnant women do not lose their right to make personal , private medical decisions , even when they disagree with their doctors .
H.B. 12 threatens to undermine this basic right .
Gov.
Herbert is now faced with a decision .
We hope that he will realize that making criminals out of women in unthinkably hard circumstances is not the answer .
Gov. Herbert should veto this legislation , and the legislature should turn its attention to supporting , not criminalizing those who most need our compassion and assistance .
The eyes of the nation are on Utah ; it is time to do the right thing .
( Cross-posted to Daily Kos and Feministing . )
' We 're on a Slippery Slope ' Will the Greek Bailout Destroy the Euro Zone ?
The Greek government 's appeal for help is putting Chancellor Angela Merkel under pressure .
With Germany required to provide billions over the coming years to pay for the Greek bailout , there are growing calls in the German government for Greece to withdraw from the euro zone .
By SPIEGEL staff .
PHOTO
22 unique experiences you can live in Turkey
If you come to Turkey , you should not leave without experiencing at least some of its uniqueness .
A game literally ten times more enjoyable than the first leg , and probably a deserved result .
Fulham , unbelievably , are in a European final , whilst Hamburg ’s first game under their new manager resulted in a more spirited performance , but one that was no more cohesive .
Fulham ’s side was unchanged from the first leg , with the exception of John Pantsil coming in for the suspended Chris Baird .
The formation was the same – 4 - 4 - 2 with inverted wingers , and Zolan Gera playing close to Bobby Zamora , who was declared fit to start .
Ricardo Moniz ’s first Hamburg teamsheet was as expected – the fit-again Mladen Petric was recalled at the expense of Paolo Guerrero , and the only other change was Robert Tesche replacing the suspended right - winger Piotr Trochowski .
The teams may have been similar to the first leg , but the approach of both was refreshingly different .
Fulham were better than in the first leg simply because their passing was crisper and more accurate - they built up play well in the centre of midfield and through their full - backs , allowing Damien Duff and Simon Davies to advance up the pitch to assist the forwards , whereas in the first leg they had generally been marooned in defensive positions .
The notable feature of Hambug ’s side was the fact that the central midfielders both had more license to get forward than in the first game .
David Jarolim made a couple of unmarked advances into the box that caught Fulham ’s defence out , and an attacking foray from Ze Roberto ( rare in the first leg ) resulted in Danny Murphy fouling him , and Petric smashing the free - kick into the top corner to give Hamburg the advantage .
Ze Roberto was also key to Hamburg defensively – he moved to the left to confront Duff whenever the Irishman picked up the ball , and he often found himself surrounded by Ze Roberto , Pitroipa and Aogo , and found little room to manoeuvre in the first half .
Ze Roberto was leaving the centre of midfield slightly unguarded , but Tesche tucked in , and so the space resulting from Ze Roberto ’s drift towards
Duff was not in the centre of midfield , but in the left - back zone , where Paul Konchesky did n’t get forward as much as he might .
Meanwhile , neither Danny Murphy nor Dickson Etuhu attempted many forward runs , instead sitting in front of the defence , so Tesche was not dragged out of position .
Moniz instructed Petric to drop into midfield when Hamburg lost the ball , creating a vague 4 - 5 - 1 system that shut out Fulham well .
Fulham emerged after half looking quicker and more confident , and Murphy played further forward , helping Fulham try to play through Hambug , rather than playing around them , as they had in the first half .
Zamora could not continue much longer , and was replaced by Clint Dempsey .
As in the first leg , this seemed to improve Fulham – Zamora was clearly not fit and was effectively a passenger aside from winning the ball in the air – Dempsey ’s introduction meant Fulham could press higher up the pitch , and the number of times they won the ball in the final third in the second half was very notable , and probably would n’t have been possible with Zamora on the pitch .
Moniz will probably feel , in hindsight , that he was too negative in the second half .
Tesche was replaced with Tomas Rincon , often used as a right - back , but this prevented Hambug from launching counter - attacks as Fulham pressed forward .
Murphy was a bigger effect on the game in his more advanced position , and his ball over the top found Davies making a run , and the Welshman converted .
Had Zamora still been on the pitch , Murphy ’s ball may have gone into him , and Davies would have looked for a lay - off or a knock - down , but with Dempsey playing slightly deeper , the supporting cast were making more direct runs , and Hamburg seemed to be caught out by the slight switch in style , for Joris Mathijsen and Jerome Boateng had coped quite well with Zamora ’s physical threat throughout .
Erik Nevland was introduced for John Pantsil , with Davies moving to an attacking right - back role , and it was Davies presence getting forward from that position ( as Pantsil had struggled to do ) that forced the corner leading to Gera ’s excellent spin-and - shot winner .
And after that , Fulham were fairly comfortable – not that their fans would have felt that way .
Hamburg looked clueless for what to do in the final quarter of an hour – perhaps understandable , given the fact that it was only those 15 minutes of the 180 in the tie when they were behind .
Hamburg brought on centre - back David Rozenhal to play a Gerard Pique - style centre - back - up - front role late on , but then persisted with short passes across the back four on the halfway line , when they needed to be getting the ball into the box .
Fulham deserved to win the tie – Hamburg produced few genuine chances from open play in the two legs , and their only real threat was Jonathan Pitroipa cutting in from the left .
Both sides were negative away from home , but Fulham were far more offensive in their home leg than Hamburg were in theirs .
As noted in the first leg , the formation and tactics of both sides are actually quite similar , but Fulham were given instructions by a the excellent Roy Hodgson , where Hambug ’s first leg was playing under a manager who had seemingly lost the dressing room , and the second was under a man taking charge of his first - ever top - level game .
The key to Fulham ’s win was probably not their manager ’s tactical acumen , but the technical quality of the players he has brought into the club .
Both goals Fulham scored were genuinely excellent – brilliant close control followed by a precise finish .
Lesser players would have not shown Davies ’ calmness when through on goal , or Gera ’s first touch in a crowded penalty area .
That is essentially what Hodgson has done well – his side is well - organised and tactically sound , but he has created a side like this with top - quality players willing to work for the team , rather than disciplined but technically limited players .
Many managers would look at Duff , Murphy , Gera and Davies and only find room for two of them , but Hodgson has accomodated all four in a very good side that has a very good chance of defeating Atletico , for what would be , let ’s remember , Fulham ’s first trophy whatsoever , never mind their first European trophy .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
< div class = " note " >
Update history :
Article updated 26 January 2011 — Simplified information about what video formats Opera supports , as now Linux versions handle video the same as Mac and PC .
Also deleted links to Labs WebM builds , as all release versions now support it .
Article updated 1 July 2010 — replaced download links to our experiment WebM- enabled builds with links to Opera 10.60 ( final ) .
Article updated 14th May 2010 — some minor changes made ; information on codecs added to mention the VP8 codec Google have made available and the experimental VP8 - supporting Opera Labs build .
</div >
Introduction
The latest version of Opera supports the HTML5 video and audio elements .
But how do you use them ?
Introduction to HTML5 video is a great general introduction but does n't go deep into the details .
Accessible HTML5 Video with JavaScripted captions shows how captions can be implemented until the spec gains proper support for captions ; and ( re -) Introducing < video > has some information on Opera 's implementation .
I recommend reading all three !
This article aims to provide all the nitty - gritty details of HTML5 media , the DOM API , events , and so forth , so you can implement your own HTML5 player with fallback for older browsers .
Editor 's note :
This article was originally published on the Opera Core Concerns blog , but we liked it so much that we convinced Simon to let us publish it here as well .
What 's supported ?
Opera supports everything in the HTML5 video spec with the following exceptions :
The preload attribute is not supported .
( autobuffer was changed to preload in the spec ; Opera has autobuffer in the DOM but it does n't do anything . )
attribute is not supported .
( was changed to in the spec ; Opera has in the DOM but it does n't do anything . )
The buffered , seekable and played IDL attributes always return empty TimeRanges objects .
, and IDL attributes always return empty objects .
playbackRate and defaultPlaybackRate do n't affect playback speed or direction .
Currently Opera supports the WebM container format with the VP8 and Vorbis codecs , the Ogg container format with the Theora and Vorbis codecs , and the WAVE container format and PCM codec .
Let 's get something playing
So , how do we get a video to play in HTML ?
First you need an actual video in the right format .
Opera currently supports Ogg / WebM , which is also supported by Firefox and Chrome .
If you have a video that you want to play but it 's not in Ogg / WebM , you need to convert it .
You can use Miro or another program of choice to do this .
So now you have a video lying around on your server ( or your local disk ) , and you want to play it in HTML .
Use the following markup :
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " controls > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
The controls attribute instructs the browser to provide its own controls .
If you want to write your own controls with JavaScript , you just leave out the controls attribute .
The browser 's controls can still be enabled by the user from the context menu in Opera , and when scripting is disabled , Opera 's controls are present regardless of the controls attribute .
The text " video not supported " will be shown if the browser does n't support the video element ; you could replace this with a link to the video file itself , or maybe an object element to display an alternative version with a plugin , eg Flash .
Depending on how your server is configured , the video might or might not actually play .
Current Opera requires that your video file is served as video / ogg ( or audio / ogg , or application / ogg , or audio / wav ... ) for it to play .
So if it does n't play , your server might not know about the ogv file extension and serve the video as text / plain , which Opera refuses to play .
Here 's how to fix this for Apache servers ; add the following lines to your .htaccess file :
< pre>AddType video / ogg .ogv AddType audio/ogg .oga</pre >
That sets the right type for Ogg audio as well .
While you 're at it you could add video / mp4 for mp4 extensions .
The audio element works much the same as the video element , except it does n't show any video , and some features that only makes sense for videos are missing .
< pre><audio src=" audio.oga " controls > audio not supported </ audio ></ pre >
You can also create video and audio elements with script .
For a video to render anything , you also need to insert it in the document .
An audio element does n't need to be in the document to play sound , but it does if you want to show the browser 's controls .
Here 's how to create a video element and insert it as the last child of body :
< pre>var video = document.createElement ( ' video ' ) ; video.src = ' video.ogv ' ; video.controls = true ; document.body.appendChild(video ) ;</ pre >
For audio , you can do the same thing :
< pre>var audio = document.createElement (' audio' ) ; audio.src = ' audio.oga ' ; audio.controls = true ; document.body.appendChild(audio ) ;</ pre >
There 's also a convenient Audio ( ) constructor , which is equivalent to creating an audio element with createElement , setting its src attribute to the constructor 's first argument , if there is one , and setting the preload attribute to the value auto .
< pre>var audio = new Audio( ) ; audio.src = ' audio.oga ';</ pre >
var audio = new Audio( ' audio.oga ' ) ;
</code >
For the rest of this article , I 'll mostly only show examples for video , although most apply to audio as well .
But it does n't work in Safari !
Safari does n't support Ogg / WebM out of the box — it instead supports the H.264 codec .
There are a few options available to get round the conflicting codec support issue we are currently faced with :
Encode your video twice — once as Ogg / WebM and once as MPEG - 4 .
Tell Safari users to install the Xiph QuickTime Component .
This will make Ogg work in Safari .
Replace the video element with the Cortado Java applet when you detect that Ogg / WebM is n't supported .
To convert your video to MPEG - 4/ H.264/AAC , you can use HandBrake or some other program — this is also detailed in Dive Into HTML5 .
Now you have two video files , you should expose both in the code so browsers can play whichever one they understand .
To do this , you can use the source element as follows :
< pre>< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " > < source src=" video.mp4 " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
Now the browser will first try to load and play video.ogv , and if it can't play it , it will try the next source element .
If you want to save precious bandwidth , you can tell the browser the MIME type of each video so it does n't need to download it to tell whether it can play it :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg " > < source src=" video.mp4 " type= " video/mp4 " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
However , these MIME types only tell you which container format is being used ( Ogg or MPEG - 4 , in the above case ) — it does n't say anything about which video and audio codecs are being used .
A container format is similar to a ZIP archive containing several other files ; to know that you support the individual files , you 'd need information about the individual files , not just the archive format .
For video , we use the codec 's MIME parameter for this purpose :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " > < source src=" video.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 ; codecs='avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ' " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
Note that the codecs parameter uses double quotes , which means we have to use single quotes for the attribute value .
The codec strings for Theora and Vorbis are straightforward .
The codec strings for H.264 and AAC are more complicated ; this is because there are several profiles for H.264 and AAC .
The above represent the Baseline profile for H.264 and the Low - complexity profile for AAC .
Those are the profiles used by YouTube and supported on the iPhone .
Higher profiles require more CPU to decode but are better compressed so take less bandwidth .
If you do n't want to encode your video twice , you can show a message for Safari users .
You could have a link visible for everyone , or you could detect that Ogg is n't supported and only then show a message .
The second point requires detection , so let 's go through how to do that .
Detecting support
There are several levels of support .
First , the video element might not be supported at all .
This is the case for Opera 10.10 and below and IE8 and below .
For this case , you can just put content inside the video element and it will be rendered ( in the above examples , the content is just " video not supported " ) .
No need to do anything further for this case .
Second , the video element might be supported but the codecs you want to use might not be .
Safari does n't support Ogg / WebM , while Opera and Firefox do n't support MPEG - 4/H.264/AAC .
To detect this , you can either use the canPlayType ( ) method on a media element , or you could have an onerror event listener ; if a video fails to play because the codec is not supported , an error event is fired .
The canPlayType ( ) method takes a string argument in the form of a MIME type .
The method returns one of three strings :
The empty string
The container format or one of the codecs are not supported .
" maybe "
The container format is probably supported , but do n't know about the codecs .
" probably "
The container format and the codecs are probably supported .
Note there 's no " yes " — a MIME type does n't contain enough information for a browser to know for sure whether it can play a given video .
For instance , the video might have too high a bitrate so that the browser is unable to decode it .
The MIME type is of the form video / ogg or video / mp4 ; codecs= " ... " — just like in the server configuration and the type attribute on source .
< pre>var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ;
// Opera 10.50 gives “ maybe ” alert ( video.canPlayType(‘video/ogg ’ ) ) ;
// Opera 10.50 gives “ probably ” alert ( video.canPlayType(‘video/ogg ; codecs=” theora , vorbis ” ’ ) ) ;
// Opera 10.50 gives “ ” alert ( video.canPlayType(‘video/mp4 ’ ) ) ; alert( video.canPlayType(‘video/mp4 ; codecs=” avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ” ’ ) ) ;</ pre></code >
If you have an Ogg video and want to detect support , you could do it as follows :
< pre>var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; if ( video.canPlayType ) { // < video > is supported ! if ( video.canPlayType('video/ogg ; codecs =" theora , vorbis " ' ) ) { // it can play ( maybe ) !
} else { // the container format or codecs are n't supported // let 's fall back fallback ( video ) ; } }</pre >
Note : HTML5 earlier said to return the string " no " instead of the empty string , which would make the above code never fall back ( since the string " no " is truthy in JavaScript , while the empty string is falsy ) .
If you want to support old video - supporting browsers that implemented " no " , then you would have to check for that string explicitly , or check for " maybe " and " probably " instead .
The fallback function would take out the video and source elements from the DOM , but keep the other children of the video .
This function could be implemented like this :
< pre>function fallback ( video ) { while ( video.firstChild ) { if ( video.firstChild instanceof HTMLSourceElement ) { video.removeChild(video.firstChild ) ; } else { video.parentNode.insertBefore(video.firstChild , video ) ; } } video.parentNode.removeChild( video ) ; }</pre >
The other way to detect lack of codec support is to listen for the error event on the video :
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " controls onerror= " fallback ( this ) " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
This will still make browsers that do n't support
Ogg download part of the video ; we can fix that by using the source element and using onerror on the source element instead :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " onerror= " fallback (this.parentNode ) " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
At this point you can add a link to the Xiph QuickTime Component page for Safari users :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " onerror= " fallback (this.parentNode ) " > video not supported ; if you 're using Safari , try installing < a href = " http://www.xiph.org/quicktime/ "
>XiphQT</a>
</video></pre></code >
If you have several source elements , the onerror handler would go on the last source element :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " > < source src=" video.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 ; codecs='avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ' " onerror= " fallback(this.parentNode ) " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
An error is fired on each failing source element , and since they 're tried in order , you know all of them have failed if the last one gets an error event .
Falling back to plugins
If you want to try a plugin instead of showing a message when a video fails , you could use the Cortado Java applet for Ogg , or you could use Flash for MP4 , since Flash supports playing MPEG - 4/H.264/AAC .
If you just have an Ogg file , it could look something like this :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " onerror= " fallback (this.parentNode ) " > < object type=" application / x- java - applet " width = " 480 " height = " 288 " > < param name = " archive " value= " cortado- ovt- stripped-wm_r51500.jar " > < param name = " code " value= " com.fluendo.player.Cortado.class " > < param name = " url " value= " video.ogv " > video and Java not supported </ object > </ video></ pre>
If you just have an MP4 file , it could look something like this :
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 ; codecs='avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ' " onerror= " fallback(this.parentNode ) " > < object data=" videoplayer.swf " > < param name = " flashvars " value= " video.mp4 " > video and Flash not supported </ object > </ video></ pre>
If you have both an Ogg and an MP4 file , you could try falling back to both by nesting the object elements inside each other .
You could also build up the fallback DOM with dynamically when you detect lack of support , which avoids having huge markup boilerplate for each video .
The html5 media project does this using the Flowplayer Flash video player .
At this point , you should have video working in all popular browsers — including Opera 10.10 and IE , assuming Java or Flash are installed and enabled .
What 's up with all that downloading ?
Opera , Chrome and Safari will automatically download the whole video file even if it has n't started to play yet .
Firefox 3.6 only loads enough to render a frame and determine duration , unless the autobuffer attribute is present .
Note that the spec changed from autobuffer to preload , which has n't been implemented anywhere yet .
Opera plans to change to the Firefox behavior of only loading enough to render a frame and determine duration by default , unless the preload attribute says otherwise .
The preload attribute has the following states :
Attribute absent
The browser is allowed to download as little or much as it wants .
When Opera implements preload , this will probably be equivalent to metadata preload = " none "
The author hints that nothing should be downloaded .
preload= " metadata "
The author hints that enough data should be downloaded to show a frame and to determine duration .
preload= " " preload= " auto "
The author hints that the browser should download as much as it sees fit to give a good user experience , possibly downloading the whole video .
If you want to simulate preload = " none " in today 's browsers , you can omit the src attribute and the source elements , and only add them when the user clicks a button .
< video controls > video not supported < / video > < input type=" button " value= " Load video " onclick =" document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0].src = ' video.ogv ' ; " >
To populate a video with source elements dynamically , it could be done as follows :
< pre >< video controls > video not supported </ video > < script > function loadVideo( ) { var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; video.insertBefore(createSource('video.ogv ' , ' video/ogg ; codecs = " theora , vorbis " ' ) , video.firstChild ) ; video.insertBefore(createSource('video.mp4 ' , ' video/mp4 ; codecs= " avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 " ' ) , video.firstChild.nextSibling ) ; } function createSource ( src , type ) { var source = document.createElement (' source ' ) ; source.src = src ; source .
type = type ; return source ; } </script > < input type=" button " value = " Load video " onclick =" loadVideo ( ) " ></ pre>
This will show a blank video element until the user clicks the " load video " button .
If you want to show an image instead of nothing then you can use the poster attribute .
< pre>< video controls poster=" videoframe.jpg " ></ pre>
Alternatively you could use an img element and replace it with a video element dynamically when the user clicks on it or on a button .
What else have you got ?
There are some more attributes for media elements that I have n't mentioned yet .
I 'll list them all here for completeness .
The video element :
src URL for the video .
poster URL to an image to use as the poster frame until the video starts playing .
preload
Hint to the browser how much it should download before the video starts playing .
autoplay Boolean attribute that hints that the browser should start playing the video automatically .
loop Boolean attribute indicating whether the video should loop .
controls Boolean attribute indicating whether the browser should show its controls .
width Width of the video box , in CSS pixels .
height Height of the video box , in CSS pixels .
The audio element has the same attributes , excepting poster , width and height .
The autoplay attribute would probably be used on pages where the primary content is a single video — for instance , videos on YouTube start playing automatically .
Users can in theory disable autoplaying videos with a preference in the browser , although I 'm not aware of any such preference in existing browsers .
If there were n't an attribute to do this , people would probably make videos start playing automatically with script anyway , which makes it harder for the user to disable them .
The loop attribute , if present , indicates that when the video has ended , the browser should seek back to the beginning if the direction of playback is forwards .
( The video does n't loop when playing backwards . )
The autoplay , loop and controls attributes are so - called boolean attributes .
Such attributes represent the " off " state when absent , and the " on " state when present , regardless of the value .
This is the same as e.g. the disabled attribute on input .
In HTML5 , these attributes can be written in three ways :
< pre >< video loop ></ pre>
< video loop = " " >
< video loop = " loop " >
</code >
In the first case , the attribute value is the empty string .
They all mean the same thing .
It could also be written in all - uppercase or with mixed case .
In JavaScript , boolean IDL attributes return true if the attribute is present , and false if absent .
Setting a boolean IDL attribute to true means the corresponding attribute is set with the same value as the attribute name , and setting it to false means the corresponding attribute is removed .
Thus , the following are equivalent :
< pre>video.loop = true ;</ pre >
video.setAttribute ( ' loop ' , ' loop ' ) ;
</code >
The width and height attributes set the dimensions for the video element , in CSS pixels .
You should not use any unit for these attributes ; just like with the img element .
Also — in the same way as the img element — if you only set one of width and height , the other dimension is automatically adjusted appropriately so that the video retains its aspect ratio .
However — unlike the img element — if you set width and height to something that does n't match the aspect ratio of the video , the video is not stretched to fill the box .
Instead , the video retains the correct aspect ratio and is letterboxed inside the video element .
The video will be rendered as large as possible inside the video element while retaining the aspect ratio .
You can read out the video 's intrinsic width and height by using the videoWidth and videoHeight IDL attributes :
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " width = " 300 " height = " 300 " onloadedmetadata= " alert ( this.videoWidth + ' x ' + this.videoHeight ) ; " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
If you want to use a percentage width or other units , you can set the dimensions with CSS .
If you want , you can change the dimensions on : hover and / or : focus , and use the -o- transition CSS property to smoothly transition between the two .
< pre>video { width : 100 px ; -o- transition : 0.5s width } video : hover , video : focus { width : 400 px }</ pre >
The source element has three attributes :
src URL for the video .
type MIME type for the video .
media A Media Query indicating for which medium the video applies .
The media attribute takes a Media Query , just like the media attribute on the style element .
For instance , you could specify media= " handheld " to indicate that the video is appropriate for handheld devices .
Or you could specify media= " all and ( min- device - height : 720 px ) " to indicate that the video is appropriate for screens with 720 lines of pixels or bigger .
I want to roll my own controls
If you 're satisfied with the browser 's native controls , then you can stop reading now .
If you want the controls to have a different design , or you want a button for captions , or playback speed , and so forth , then read on .
In the early days , the DOM API for video in HTML5 was very simple ; you could play ( ) a video , and you could pause ( ) a video , and that was more or less it .
Today the API is a lot bigger , and there are lots of events , so that you can implement sophisticated controls in JavaScript .
When using your own controls , you omit the controls attribute .
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " > video not supported </ video ></ pre >
You can then use buttons that do something when clicked :
< pre>< script > var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; </ script > < input type=" button " value= " Play " onclick =" video.play ( ) " > < input type=" button " value = " Pause " onclick=" video.pause ( ) " ></ pre>
You can then style those buttons in some fancy way , for instance :
< pre>input[ type=button ] { background : papayawhip ; color : black ; height : 3em ; border : double ; border - radius : 0.5em ; box - shadow:0 0.2em 0.5 em black ; }</pre >
If you want to use a single button for both play and pause , you need to listen for the play and pause events .
The user can play and pause from the context menu , so if you just naively toggle between play and pause for every click on your button , it would become out of sync .
There are three ways to set an event listener in HTML .
The first is to use a normal attribute :
< pre>< video onplay= " exampleFunction ( ) " ></ pre>
The second is using an IDL attribute with JavaScript :
< pre>video.onplay = exampleFunction ;</ pre >
The third is to use the DOM Events addEventListener method :
< pre>video.addEventListener( ' play ' , exampleFunction , false ) ;</ pre >
Let 's replace the two buttons with a single play / pause button :
< pre >< input type=" button " value = " Play " id =" playpause " onclick=" video.play ( ) " ></ pre>
Initially we assume that the video is paused , since that 's the initial state .
Even when the autoplay attribute is used , the video is still in the paused state until some video data has been loaded and the browser decides to start playing .
Now , we need to change the button when the video is played or paused :
< pre>var playpause = document.getElementById(' playpause ' ) ; video.onpause = function(e ) { playpause.value = ' Play ' ; playpause.onclick = function(e ) { video. play ( ) ; } } video.onplay = funtion (e ) { playpause.value = ' Pause ' ; playpause.onclick = function(e ) { video. pause ( ) ; } }</pre >
Alternatively , we could come up with a more elegant solution and take look at the paused IDL attribute when updating the button 's label and deciding what to do when clicking the button :
< pre >< input type=" button " value = " Play " id =" playpause " onclick= " playOrPause ( ) " ></ pre>
video.onpause = video.onplay = function(e ) { playpause.value = video. paused ?
' Play ' : ' Pause ' ; } function playOrPause ( ) { if ( video. paused ) { video. play ( ) ; } else { video. pause ( ) ; } }
</code >
Note that when the video has ended , the paused state of the video is still unpaused .
Thus , if you want to show the " play " button when the video has ended , you need to change it when getting the ended event .
< pre>video.onended = function(e ) { playpause.value = ' Play ' ; }</pre>
The playOrPause function would be modified by also checking the value of the ended IDL attribute :
< pre>function playOrPause ( ) { if ( video.ended || video. paused ) { video. play ( ) ; } else { video. pause ( ) ; } }</pre >
Can you play anything yet ?
Initially a video element wo n't load anything — it 's empty .
This is represented by the networkState IDL attribute having the value 0 , which is represented by a constant on the video element called NETWORK_EMPTY
< pre>var video = document.createElement ( ' video ' ) ; alert( video.networkState == video.
NETWORK_EMPTY ) ; // true </ pre>
The other values for networkState are 1 , NETWORK_IDLE , which means the browser has chosen a video to use but is n't downloading anything ; 2 , NETWORK_LOADING , which means the browser is trying to download data ; and 3 , NETWORK_NO_SOURCE , which means no source has been successfully loaded yet .
When we set the src attribute , or insert a source element as a child of the video , the element automatically starts the loading process , and will try to use the src if it was set or find a suitable source element after the current script has finished running .
When the load starts , a loadstart event is fired .
The processing then depends on whether you used the src attribute or whether you used source elements .
Let 's go through the process for the src attribute first .
The currentSrc IDL attribute is set to the resolved value of src .
Then the browser tries to download and decode the referenced video .
If this fails , then an error event is fired , and the video 's error IDL attribute is set to a MediaError object whose code IDL attribute is set to value 4 , i.e.
MEDIA_ERR_SRC_NOT_SUPPORTED , and networkState is set to NETWORK_NO_SOURCE .
< pre>var video = document.createElement ( ' video ' ) ; video.src = ' a - video - that - is- unsupported ' ; video.onerror = function (e ) { alert ( video.error.code == video.error.MEDIA_ERR_SRC_NOT_SUPPORTED ) ; // true alert ( video.networkState == video. NETWORK_NO_SOURCE ) ; // true }</pre >
The other values of MediaError 's code IDL attribute are 1 , MEDIA_ERR_ABORTED , which means the user aborted the download ( which will cause a abort event to be fired ) ; 2 , MEDIA_ERR_NETWORK , which means a network error occurred while the video was being downloaded ; 3 , MEDIA_ERR_DECODE , which means that a decoding error occured after successfully decoding part of the video .
When using source elements , the browser goes through the list of source element children of the video element , updating currentSrc for each new source element it visits .
If the type attribute has a MIME type the browser thinks it can potentially play , and if the Media Query in the media attribute applies to the current medium , then tlt ;/ codepar / codeam name=he browser tries to download and decode that source .
If the source can not be used — determined either by looking at type and media , or by trying to download and decode the video — then an error event is fired on the current source element ( not on the video element ) .
The video 's error IDL attribute is still null ; there could be a later source that the browser is able to play .
If this was the last source element , then networkState will be NETWORK_NO_SOURCE , but if you were to insert another source element with script , then the browser would try to play that one as well — the video element is still alive even though all source elements so far have failed .
If the load is successful , whether using the src attribute or using source elements , progress events will be fired as data is downloaded .
When enough data has been loaded to determine the video 's dimensions and duration , a loadedmetadata event is fired .
When enough data has been loaded to render a frame , the loadeddata event is fired .
When enough data has been loaded to be able to play a little bit of the video , a canplay event is fired .
When the browser determines that it can play through the whole video without stopping to download more data , a canplaythrough event is fired ; this is also the case when the video starts playing if it has an autoplay attribute .
Note : currently Opera does n't try to determine when it has enough data to be able to play through , but instead just fires canplay and canplaythrough at the same time .
This will probably be fixed in a future release .
If the browser decides to stop downloading data in order to save bandwidth , it will fire a suspend event .
If the server stops giving data ( without closing the connection ) for some reason , the browser fires a stalled event after three seconds .
If the browser is playing faster than the server is serving data , or when seeking causes the browser to wait for downloading data , a waiting event is fired .
Note : currently Opera does n't suspend downloads , and does n't fire the stalled event .
If you want to have your play button disabled until the video is able to play , you can enable it on the canplay event :
< pre >< input type=" button " value = " Play " id =" playpause " onclick = " playOrPause ( ) " disabled ></ pre>
video.oncanplay = function(e ) { playpause .
disabled = false ; }
</code >
The readyState IDL attribute indicates how much data the browser has loaded .
At first , the value is 0 , HAVE_NOTHING .
When the loadedmetadata event is fired , readyState is 1 , HAVE_METADATA .
When loadeddata is fired , readyState is 2 , HAVE_CURRENT_DATA .
When canplay is fired , readyState is HAVE_FUTURE_DATA .
When canplaythrough is fired , readyState is HAVE_ENOUGH_DATA .
Note however that readyState can jump several steps in one go , for instance from HAVE_METADATA to HAVE_FUTURE_DATA , skipping HAVE_CURRENT_DATA , so if you inspect the readyState attribute in the canplay event handler , it might not be the value you expect because it has changed already before the event handler is run .
< pre>video.oncanplay = function(e ) { alert ( video.readyState ) ; // might be 2 , 3 or even 4 }</ pre >
Skip forward , please
If you want a seekbar , you should use the currentTime and duration IDL attributes and the timeupdate event .
The currentTime IDL attribute returns the current time in seconds as a float value .
The duration IDL attribute returns NaN if the duration is unknown ( which it is initially ) , Infinite if the video is streaming , or the actual duration in seconds as a float value if the duration is known and finite .
The timeupdate event is fired whenever the current position changes in some way , e.g. during normal playback or because the user seeked in the video .
Let 's add a seekbar :
< pre >< input type =" range " step = " any " id =" seekbar " ></ pre >
This creates a slider control which we can update when we get the timeupdate event , and which we can make seek the video when changed .
But first we need to set the seekbar 's max attribute to the video 's duration when it becomes known , which we do by listening to the durationchange event .
< pre>var seekbar = document.getElementById(' seekbar ' ) ; function setupSeekbar ( ) { seekbar.max = video.duration ; } video.ondurationchange = setupSeekbar ;</ pre >
Now , we can make the video respond to changes to the seekbar , and make the seekbar change in response to the video 's currentTime changing .
< pre>function seekVideo ( ) { video.currentTime = seekbar.value ; } function updateUI ( ) { seekbar.value = video.currentTime ; } seekbar.onchange = seekVideo ; video.ontimeupdate = updateUI ;</ pre >
This works fine for normal cases .
However , the seekbar will be broken for streaming video .
Why ?
Because the seekbar assumes that the video starts at time 0 , and that the duration is not Infinity .
For instance , consider a streaming video and the browser only caches the past 30 minutes worth of data .
As the browser throws away data from the cache , you can't seek back to the thrown away data .
For this reason , there 's an IDL attribute called startTime .
For a normal video , it returns 0 .
For videos that have a timeline that is n't zero - based , it could be something different .
For a streaming video , it 's the earliest position the browser is able to seek back to .
For a non-streaming video whose timeline is n't zero - based , we can fix the above seekbar by setting the min attribute to the video 's startTime , and setting max to startTime plus duration .
< pre>function setupSeekbar ( ) { seekbar.min = video.startTime ; seekbar.max = video.startTime + video.duration ; }</pre>
For a streaming video , duration is Infinity , so instead we need to set the max attribute to the latest time that has been buffered , and since startTime can change over time , we need to set the min attribute over time as well .
For getting the latest time that has been buffered , we need the buffered IDL attribute .
It returns a TimeRanges object which has a length attribute , a start ( ) method and an end ( ) method .
In normal cases , there will only be one range — the browser starts downloading from time 0 , and the downloaded range extends to however much is currently available .
However , if the user seeks forward , the browser can stop the current download and start a new request for a later part of the video .
In this case , there would be two ranges of buffered data .
The TimeRanges object 's length IDL attribute returns how many ranges there are .
The start ( ) method takes an argument index , where 0 represents the index of the first range , 1 represents the index of the second range , and so forth .
It returns the start time of the range with the given index .
The end ( ) method similarly returns the end time of the range with the given index .
So to find out the latest position of buffered data , we read the end time of the last range in buffered :
< pre>var lastBuffered = video.buffered.end(video.buffered.length-1 ) ;</ pre >
We can then use this to update the seekbar :
< pre>function updateUI ( ) { var lastBuffered = video.buffered.end(video.buffered.length -1 ) ; seekbar.min = video.startTime ; seekbar.max = lastBuffered ; seekbar.value = video.currentTime ; }</pre >
The played and seekable IDL attributes also return TimeRanges objects .
The played IDL attribute returns the ranges that have been played , and the seekable IDL attribute returns which ranges the browser is able to seek to .
These attributes can also be used to show fancy colored bars indicating which parts of the video has been downloaded , played , and are seekable .
For the buffered attribute , you could update the bar for every progress event , which is fired when some media data has been downloaded .
There 's no event currently when media data is being discarded from the cache .
Note : currently Opera always returns empty TimeRanges objects for buffered , played and seekable .
buffered and seekable are planned to be implemented , but we do n't see clear use cases for played , and it 's easy to keep track of what 's been played with JavaScript , so for now we do n't plan to implement played .
Seeking can be slow sometimes — especially if the time you 're trying to seek to has n't been downloaded yet .
If you want to show a spinning icon or something while the browser is busy seeking , you can listen to the seeking and seeked events .
seeking is fired when a seek starts , and seeked is fired when a seek is completed .
There 's also a seeking IDL attribute which returns true while the browser is seeking .
HTTP byte range requests
While on the subject of downloaded data , seeking and duration , let 's talk about HTTP byte range requests .
HTTP supports a way for clients to request a range of bytes of a file , and for the server to respond with sending only the requested bytes .
This is great for seeking in video , because you do n't need to wait for the whole video to have downloaded before you can seek to the end .
Opera supports this , and lets you seek to any part of a video even though it has n't been downloaded yet , assuming the server supports byte range requests .
HTTP byte range requests are not only needed to be able to seek quickly , it 's also needed to determine the duration for Ogg files .
The Ogg format does n't include any metadata about the duration of the video , so to know the duration , the browser has to seek to the end .
Opera does this .
Depending on the video , it can result in a few extra requests .
There have been some discussions about adding duration metadata to Ogg files , as well as stating the duration metadata as an HTTP header .
When this happens , the extra requests will not be necessary .
Note that if your server does n't support byte range requests , Opera will assume that the video is streaming , i.e. duration will be Infinity .
Adjust the volume
Media players usually have a mute button and a volume control .
HTML5 provides the volume and muted IDL attributes , as well as the volumechange event .
The event is fired whenever the value of volume or muted is changed .
To implement a mute button , we flip the value of muted , and we update the button 's label when the volume changes :
< pre >< input type=" button " value = " Unmuted " id =" mutebutton " onclick=" muteOrUnmute ( ) " ></ pre>
var mutebutton = document.getElementById(' mutebutton ' ) ; video.onvolumechange = function(e ) { mutebutton.value = video.muted ?
' Muted ' : ' Unmuted ' ; } function muteOrUnmute ( ) { video. muted = !video.muted ; }
</code >
For the volume control , we can use a slider control just like the seekbar :
< pre >< input type =" range " max = " 1 " step= " any " id=" volumecontrol " onchange= " updateVolume ( ) " ></ pre>
var volumecontrol = document.getElementById('volumecontrol ' ) ; video.onvolumechange = function(e ) { mutebutton.value = video.muted ?
' Muted ' : ' Unmuted ' ; volumecontrol.value = video.volume ; } function updateVolume ( ) { video.volume = volumecontrol.value ; }
</code >
Let 's look at another movie
If you want to show several clips one after another , or otherwise dynamically change the source of a video element , it 's possible without having to throw away the whole video element and creating a new one .
If you 're using the src attribute , then it 's super - simple : just set src to the new value ; the current video will be aborted , and the new video will be loaded in .
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " controls > video not supported < / video > < input type=" button " value = " Load another video " onclick =" document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0] .src = ' video2.ogv ' ;" ></ pre>
However , if you 're using source elements , then you need to call load ( ) manually when you 're done changing the source elements .
< pre >< video controls > < source src=" video.ogv " type=" video/ogg ; codecs= ' theora , vorbis ' " > < source src=" video.mp4 " type=" video/mp4 ; codecs='avc1.42E01E , mp4a.40.2 ' " > video not supported </ video > < script > function loadAnotherVideo( ) { var video = document.getElementsByTagName(' video' ) [ 0 ] ; var sources = video.getElementsByTagName( ' source ' ) ; sources [ 0] .src = ' video2.ogv ' ; sources [ 1].src = ' video2.mp4 ' ; video.load ( ) ; // need this for the new video to load } </ script > < input type=" button " value = " Load another video " onclick =" loadAnotherVideo ( ) " ></ pre>
If you want to load in another video when the current one has ended , you can listen for the ended event .
Remember though that you 'll get another ended event when the second video has ended , so if you just want two videos to play , you need to clear the event listener after it has run once .
If you use an onended attribute or IDL attribute , then you can set the IDL attribute to null .
< pre>video.onended = function(e ) { video. onended = null ; video.src = ' video2.ogv ' ; }</pre>
If you use addEventListener ( ) , then you remove the listener with removeEventListener ( ) :
< pre>video.addEventListener( ' ended ' , function(e ) { video.removeEventListener( ' ended ' , arguments .
callee , false ) ; video.src = ' video2.ogv ' ; } , false ) ;</ pre >
When you call load ( ) , or when you set src , or when a video fatally fails to load , an emptied event is fired , which allows you to reset your UI .
Fast forward , slow motion and rewind
The playbackRate IDL attribute sets the speed and direction of video playback .
The default value is 1 , meaning normal speed .
Higher numbers mean fast forward .
Lower numbers mean slow motion .
Negative numbers mean playing backwards .
The number can be any float value .
When the playback rate is changed , a ratechange event is fired .
< pre >< input type =" range " min= " - 3 " max = " 3 " value= " 1 " id =" ratecontrol " onchange= " changePlaybackRate ( ) " > < script > var ratecontrol = document.getElementById('ratecontrol ' ) ; video.onratechange = function(e ) { ratecontrol.value = video.playbackRate ; } function changePlaybackRate ( ) { video.playbackRate = ratecontrol.value ; } </script></pre>
The defaultPlaybackRate IDL attribute sets the default speed ( and direction ) of video playback .
This could be useful if your video is incorrectly encoded so that its intrinsic speed is too slow or too fast .
playbackRate is relative to defaultPlaybackRate .
The default value of defaultPlaybackRate is 1 .
The ratechange event is also fired when defaultPlaybackRate changes value .
Note : currently Opera does not support playbackRate or defaultPlaybackRate .
How to keep things synchronized
There 's currently no good API for synchronizing things with the timeline of a video , for instance captions or infoboxes .
The spec has had " cue ranges " for this purpose earlier ( which even earlier were " cue points " ) ; it is expected that something similar will be added in the future , including support for declarative captions .
However , for now , you will have to either use a timer and read currentTime , or listen for timeupdate and read currentTime .
timeupdate is fired at 15 to 250 ms intervals while the video is playing , unless the previous event handler for timeupdate is still running , in which case the browser should skip firing another event .
Opera currently always fires it at 250 ms intervals while the video is playing , while Firefox currently fires it once per rendered frame .
The idea is to allow the event to be fired at greater intervals if the system load increases , which could save battery life on a handheld device or keep things responsive in a heavy application .
The bottom line is that you should not rely on the interval being the same over time or between browsers or devices .
Let 's say you want to show a div element between the times 3s and 7s of the video ; you could do it like this :
< pre ><div hidden data - starttime=3 data- endtime=7 id=hello >
Hello world !</div > < script > var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; var hello = document.getElementById(' hello' ) ; var hellostart = hello.getAttribute( ' data - starttime ' ) ; var helloend = hello.getAttribute ( ' data - endtime ' ) ; video.ontimeupdate = function(e ) { var has Hidden = hello.hasAttribute ( ' hidden ' ) ; if ( video.currentTime > hellostart && video.currentTime < helloend ) { if ( hasHidden ) hello.removeAttribute( ' hidden ' ) ; } else { if ( ! hasHidden ) hello.setAttribute ( ' hidden ' , '' ) ; } } </script ></ pre>
The hidden attribute indicates that the element is not relevant and should be hidden .
This is not supported in browsers yet , so you have to hide it with CSS :
< pre >*[ hidden ] { display : none }</pre >
The data - starttime and data - endtime attributes are custom data-* attributes that HTML5 allows to be placed on any element .
It 's great for including data that you want to read with script , instead of abusing the class or title attributes .
HTML5 also has a convenience API for data-* attributes , but it 's not supported in browsers yet , so we have to use getAttribute a little longer .
The above would look like this using a timer instead :
< pre ><div hidden data - starttime=3 data- endtime=7 id=hello >
Hello world !</div > < script > var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; var hello = document.getElementById(' hello' ) ; var hellostart = hello.getAttribute( ' data - starttime ' ) ; var helloend = hello.getAttribute ( ' data - endtime ' ) ; setInterval ( function ( ) { var has Hidden = hello.hasAttribute ( ' hidden ' ) ; if ( video.currentTime > hellostart && video.currentTime < helloend ) { if ( hasHidden ) hello.removeAttribute( ' hidden ' ) ; } else { if ( ! hasHidden ) hello.setAttribute ( ' hidden ' , '' ) ; } } , 100 ) ; </ script></ pre>
This will run every 100 ms .
Whether you should use setInterval or timeupdate depends on what you 're doing and whether you 're ok with the interval changing .
Note that the setInterval example above also runs when the video is not playing , which the timeupdate example does n't .
It 's possible to clear the interval with clearInterval when the video stops playing and setting it again when it starts playing , though .
If you want to synchronize something with the time playback starts , or after a seek , you should listen for playing and seeked — not play or seeking .
The former indicate when playback has actually started and a seek has finished , respectively , while the latter indicate that playback or seeking has just been requested , but could take some time before it actually occurs .
Video on a canvas
The canvas element is like a dynamic img element , which you can draw on with JavaScript .
I 'm not going into detail how canvas works in general ( HTML5 canvas - the basics is a recommended introduction ) , but I 'll mention that it 's possible to draw a video element on a canvas using the 2d context 's drawImage ( ) method ( which also accepts img and canvas elements , and in Opera , svg elements ) .
It will draw the current frame of the video onto the canvas .
This allows you to do transformations of a video and to read pixel data from a video , which could be used to detect faces or movement in JavaScript .
< pre>< video src=" video.ogv " controls > video not supported < / video > < canvas id =" canvas " > canvas not supported </ canvas > < script > var ctx = document.getElementById(' canvas').getContext ( ' 2d ' ) ; var video = document.getElementsByTagName( ' video ' ) [ 0 ] ; video.onloadeddata = function(e ) { ctx.canvas.width = video.videoWidth ; ctx.canvas.height = video.videoHeight ; ctx.drawImage ( video , 0 , 0 ) ; } </script ></ pre>
You can also define a pattern of a video element with createPattern ( ) .
Summary
Phew , that was quite an article , no ?
On the plus side , I think I managed to cover the whole video and audio DOM API and all related events .
Now I 'm just waiting for you guys to do something creative with all of this .
I have n't included any demos in this post — sorry — but I want you to create the demos and kick - ass sites and applications .
There 's lots of potential here of what can be done .
Personally , I need to get back to working on QA ...
If the examples in this article do n't work in some browsers , then either I 've made a typo or some other mistake , or there 's a bug in the browser .
Check the error console , the HTML5 < video > spec , and if you think there 's a bug , file it in the relevant browser vendor 's bug tracker .
For Opera , you can use our Bug Report Wizard — include " video " or " audio " or " media " in the summary .
Thanks !
Read more ...
1 . The format worked
The 90 - minute debate was not the " slow and sluggish " affair that David Cameron feared it might be .
The show felt less stilted and stage - managed than those in the US .
It 's likely that the debates will become a permanent fixture of every election from now on .
2. Brown is desperate to win over Clegg
Brown 's constant love - bombing of the Lib Dem leader , " I agree with Nick " , was perhaps the most significant feature of the night .
As I predicted , aware that he would need Clegg 's support in a hung parliament , Brown concentrated his fire on Cameron .
But his attempt to sell himself as a born again constitutional reformer , after 13 years in government , failed to convince .
3 . And Clegg is determined to resist
Clegg said almost nothing to challenge the perception that he is equidistant between the two main parties .
He spent much of the night attacking the Labservatives and , for the most part , it worked .
But it 's worth noting that he was prepared to follow Brown in raising Ashcroft and that he launched a radical attack on Cameron over inheritance tax .
4. Brown can hold his own
The clunking fist did n't land the knock - out blow that some hoped for but there was no " car- crash moment " .
The instant reaction polls almost all put Brown a distant third but given how poor his personal ratings were to start with , that 's probably no surprise .
Brown seemed unusually relaxed and used the only memorable line of the night : " this is not question time , it 's answer time , David . "
5. Cameron could be vulnerable on foreign affairs
The Tory leader 's bizarre decision to bracket China with Iran as a nuclear threat was the closest thing to a gaffe all night .
As Jonathan Freedland points out , in a US debate , it would be seen as a sign that the challenger was not ready to be commander - in - chief .
Brown and Clegg will be confident ahead of the Sky foreign affairs debate .
6. Brown can crack jokes ( just )
The prime minister raised the only thing close to a laugh all night when he told Cameron : " you ca n't airbrush your policies , even if you can airbrush your posters . "
Given that the audience are n't allowed to do much apart from laugh , the importance of humour can't be overstated .
7. Cameron has decided to avoid personal attacks
For fear of being branded Mr Angry , Cameron eschewed the sort of personal attacks on Brown that one might have expected .
As the frontrunner , his strategy was to appear calm , controlled and prime ministerial .
After last night , I expect this strategy will be reviewed .
8 . No one is prepared to make the positive case for immigration
Depressingly , all of the party leaders competed to see who could sound toughest on immigration .
Brown and Clegg made only practical , rather than principled , objections to Cameron 's plan to impose a cap .
9. Cameron is still detoxifying the Tories
Cameron 's decision to begin his answer on health with a a peroration of love for the NHS proves that he 's still detoxifying the Tories But Clegg soon showed him up when he pointed out : " it 's easy to say we love the NHS " .
10 .
Inequality is the great unspoken issue
The UK's vast income inequality has a negative impact on every policy issue mentioned last night .
But not one of the party leaders chose to highlight it .
Follow the New Statesman team on Facebok .
The Crows levelled with a behind early in the final term but could not score from there , Melbourne kicking the only two goals for the term to win 7.15 ( 57 ) to 5.11 ( 41 ) before 23,335 fans .
The Demons ' win snapped a four - game losing streak dating back to last season , while Adelaide 's loss meant they joined Richmond and West Coast as the winless sides after three rounds .
But the Crows were cruelled by injuries , as they had only one fit player on the bench entering the last quarter and finished the game with no fit players on the bench .
Defenders Nathan Bock and Trent Hentschel suffered leg injuries before half - time and forward Patrick Dangerfield was sent to hospital after being driven into the turf in a tackle in the third quarter .
The Crows lost a fourth player midway through the last quarter when forward Kurt Tippett was assisted off with a leg injury .
Kwame James had to wait nearly 10 years to be sworn in as a U.S. citizen , a long time compared with the time he spent helping subdue would - be shoe bomber Richard Reid on a trans -Atlantic flight .
James , now 32 , wore a gray pinstriped suit and blue tie this week during the ceremony , which ended years of immigration limbo that began after he helped thwart the terror attack aboard a Paris - to - Miami flight in December 2001 .
The 6 - foot - 8 basketball player was napping when a flight attendant roused him .
Ten rows back , Reid was scuffling with passengers and the crew after he tried to ignite explosives hidden in his shoes .
James helped tie up Reid with belts and headset wires , and took turns holding Reid by his ponytail with another passenger until the plane could land in Boston .
Nearly 10 years later , James would rather talk about how happy he is to be a new citizen and his passion for music .
" I became a citizen of one of the best countries in the world and I am very happy , " he said Friday , a day after he was sworn in as a citizen in Atlanta .
" All the things that people come here for , that 's what I 'm here for , the opportunity .
You can come from nothing and become something here , just through hard work . "
James , who was born in Canada and raised in Trinidad , played professional basketball in France .
He had been traveling to the U.S. to meet his then - girlfriend and take her to his family 's home in Trinidad for the holidays .
He returned to France after the trip but asked his basketball coach for some time off when the reality of the flight 's close call set in .
" I did n't understand the magnitude of what happened at first , " he said .
He entered the U.S. as a tourist but later realized he could n't overstay his visa if he wanted to become a citizen later .
He agreed to testify against Reid , but the government seemed to turn its back on him after Reid pleaded guilty before trial in October 2002 , said his immigration lawyer , Michael Wildes .
Wildes was shocked that someone who had acted heroically might lose permission to stay in the U.S. , and he volunteered during a nationally televised news show to take the case for free .
Wildes brought James ' case to the attention of then - New York Sen. Hillary Clinton and Rep. Joe Crowley .
He also helped James apply for a visa that allowed him to play basketball .
James , who had played two years in high school in the U.S. and then four years of Division I at the University of Evansville in Indiana , made the cut for the minor league Brooklyn Kings .
The assistant coach and co-owner of the team , Dan Liebman , said the two " became like brothers " and even let James crash at his apartment .
" He 's an incredible class act through and through , " Liebman said .
" People should model their children after him . "
James married his girlfriend , Jill , and became a legal permanent resident .
After several more years , he applied for citizenship and was finally sworn in Thursday .
After giving up basketball , James got a job as a sales representative for Pfizer but later was laid off .
Having shown he could get a job on his own , James felt comfortable accepting help offered by Liebman and agreed just over a year ago to move to Atlanta to help expand his friend 's IT staffing firm in the Southeast .
Given his love for hip - hop and urban music , James was happy to move with his wife and two young children and be near the city 's vibrant music scene .
For now , though , he 's just looking forward to something he 's never done in the U.S. : " I ca n't wait to vote in the next election . "
Yakov Rabkin , a professor of history at the University of Montreal , lately presented a paper on the challenges to Israel ’s legitimacy at the National Press Club in Tokyo .
Rabkin is the author of A Threat from Within : A History of the Jewish Opposition to Zionism .
Rabkin ( whose website is here ) granted us permission to publish his article .
ISRAEL : CHALLENGES TO LEGITIMACY AND PROSPECTS FOR PEACE
Israel has been singularly successful in ensuring her military , economic and political dominance in the region .
In recent years , there have been fewer terrorist attacks on Israelis , Palestinians are badly divided , Israel enjoys solid support from major countries , and her scientists are among the Nobel Prize laureates .
Israel is about to be admitted to the OECD , the select club of wealthy nations , and her cooperation with NATO augurs well for Israel ’s eventual integration into this military alliance .
Yet , in spite of these remarkable achievements Israel remains insecure : she fears delegitimation .
A few months ago , a veteran Israeli journalist observed that Israel ’s legitimacy “ has been worn away , and the idea of a Jewish state is now open to attack .
The Jewish people ’s right to sovereignty and self - defence is now controversial .
Paradoxically , as Israel gets stronger , its legitimacy is melting away .
A national movement that began as “ legitimacy without an entity ” is becoming “ an entity without legitimacy ” before our very eyes . ”
Earlier this year , Israel ’s Reut Institute , a nationalist think tank , issued a similar warning : “ Israel is facing a dramatic assault on the very legitimacy of its existence as a Jewish and democratic state .
The groups promoting this delegitimacy aim to isolate Israel and ultimately turn it into a pariah state . ”
INTERNATIONAL CHALLENGES
What are the main elements of this seemingly paradoxical delegitimation ?
Reut lists five : legal , economic , academic , cultural , and military .
Firstly , legal challenges have been brought against Israelis on foreign trips , including military officers and ministers .
They may be subject to prosecution as war criminals in countries like Belgium , Spain and Britain .
Zionist fund - raising agencies , such as the Jewish National Fund , which owns most lands in Israel and leases it exclusively to Jews , are threatened with removal of its tax - exempt status in several countries .
Law suits have been filed , including one in Quebec , against companies accused of “ aiding , abetting , assisting and conspiring with Israel , the Occupying Power in the West Bank ” , in colonization of the territories conquered in 1967 .
Secondly , on the economic arena , Israel has faced boycott of its exports , particularly those produced in Zionists settlements in the territories .
These actions are yet to have a significant economic effect , but they are spreading .
Trade unions such as CUSATO ( the Congress of South African Trade Unions ) and the Canadian Union of Postal Workers are at the forefront of these actions .
This can be seen as an example of the shift – from left to right – in international support for Israel in the course of her short history .
The first country to grant Israel de-jure recognition in 1948 was the USSR , which promptly supplied the new state , via Czechoslovakia , with badly needed arms .
Socialist parties around the world , impressed by her collective agricultural settlements ( kibbutz ) and socio- economic equality , used to offer Israel solid political support .
Conversely , Israel ’s supporters today tend to come from wealthier and more conservative circles while trade unions and students organizations are at the forefront of the delegitimation campaign .
It is also among conservative Christians that one finds Christian Zionists , who are four to five times more numerous than the entire Jewish population of the planet .
Unlike the profoundly divided Jews , Christian Zionists offer Israel religiously unanimous and unconditional support .
Zionist churches have become a major source in providing political , moral and financial succour to Israel , and in particular to Zionist settlers in the West Bank .
Thirdly , academic boycott of Israel has been on the table for several years , and it is supported by a number of British and American Jews as well as Israeli academics .
Israeli universities are portrayed as major contributors to Israel ’s military power used against the Palestinians .
Fourthly , cultural events , such as the recent Toronto film festival , which the Israeli government has tried to use in its effort to “ re- brand ” Israel as a modern sophisticated country , have been disrupted by withdrawal of prominent participants protesting Israel ’s action in the territories occupied in June 1967 .
Here again , prominent Jews such as the Canadian author Naomi Klein led the campaign .
Finally , Israel ’s preeminent position as the world ’s largest exporter of arms and security equipment ( in proportion to its population and GNP ) has attracted its share of hostile attention .
There is a consistent effort to expose deals with Israel , which tends to lead to their cancellation or at least deters their renewal .
Comparisons of Zionism with apartheid and of Israel with racist South Africa constitute , perhaps , the most potent strategy in the delegitimation campaign .
One may recall the decision to consider Zionism a form of racism that was passed by the UN General Assembly in 1985 and revoked several years later .
Students on dozens of campuses around the world organize the Israel Apartheid Week , activities which feature prominent speakers and otherwise distribute information damaging Israel ’s reputation .
It is noteworthy that Jews play a growing role in this and other activities that present Israel in unfavourable light .
Their participation has at least two consequences : it undermines Israel ’s claim to speak and act on behalf of world Jewry and it casts doubts on accusations made by Israel and her advocates around the world that all opposition to Zionism is antisemitic .
We shall later return to the issue of Israel as “ the state of the Jewish people ” .
Comparisons with apartheid gain particular credibility when made by personalities such as South Africa ’s Nobel peace prize laureate bishop Desmond Tutu :
I have been to the Occupied Palestinian Territory , and I have witnessed the racially segregated roads and housing that reminded me so much of the conditions we experienced in South Africa under the racist system of Apartheid . …
This humiliation is familiar to me and the many black South Africans who were corralled and regularly insulted by the security forces of the Apartheid government .
Israeli supporters prefer to ban , rather than argue about , comparisons of Israel with apartheid South Africa .
To do so , they conflate opposition to Zionism with antisemitism , and try to discredit those who make such comparisons as inveterate antisemites .
Advocates of Israel accurately argue that she is not the worst violator of human rights .
But they are less convincing when they explain the focus on that one country is a sure sign of antisemitism or Jewish self - hate .
Rather , many Jews respond to the traditional urge to assume moral responsibility .
They aim at preventing what Jewish tradition calls “ profanation of the Divine name ” , in other words , criminal and deplorable acts to be committed by Jews .
“ My anguish and anger in the Middle East focuses on Israel precisely because I am a Jew .
It is the same Jew in me that is more outraged by a Bernie Madoff [ a financier who stole over $ 60 billion from his clients ] than I would have been had this criminal been named Kelly or Rodriquez . ”
Without assuming any moral superiority , Jews were disproportionately active in the struggle against apartheid and Vietnam War , and nowadays they speak and act against injustice in Israel / Palestine well beyond their relative numbers .
According to Richard Falk , a Princeton don and currently UN Rapporteur for Palestine , “ a Jew must honour conscience and truthfulness above tribal identities should these conflict ” .
Quite a few Jews , in Israel and elsewhere , feel torn between these two allegiances and must eventually come to terms with the contradictions between the Jewish moral tradition they profess to uphold and the Zionist ideology that has in fact taken hold of them .
According to Marc Ellis , American Jewish theologian , “ “ Jews are being split less in terms of their experience of Israel and America than in relation to conscience and what Jews are willing to do and what they will refuse in terms of Jewish history and memory .
Instead of splitting apart around issues of geography and culture , a civil war of conscience has begun . ”
This specific moral compunction felt by Jews , precisely because Israel claims to act in their name , is compounded among many Christians with a pronounced interest in the Holy Land whose image they find tarnished by violence , particularly when perpetrated by tanks and gunships bearing the Star of David that used to be associated with Judaism and its commandments .
In neither case antisemitism seems to be the motive force behind opposition to Zionism .
Just how seriously Israeli elites take the attempts to portray their country as the last bulwark of European colonialism can be seen in a speech of Benjamin Netanyahu at AIPAC , a major constituent of the Israel lobby in the United States , earlier this year :
But Israel should be judged by the same standards applied to all nations , and allegations against Israel must be grounded in fact .
One allegation that is not is the attempt to describe the Jews as foreign colonialists in their own homeland , one of the great lies of modern times .
In my office , I have a signet ring that was loaned to me by Israel ’s Department of Antiquities .
The ring was found next to the Western wall , but it dates back some 2,800 years ago , two hundred years after King David turned Jerusalem into our capital city .
The ring is a seal of a Jewish official , and inscribed on it in Hebrew is his name : Netanyahu .
Netanyahu Ben -Yoash .
That ’s my last name .
My first name , Benjamin , dates back 1,000 years earlier to Benjamin , the son of Jacob , One of Benjamin ’s brothers was named Shimon , which also happens to be the first name of my good friend , Shimon Peres , the President of Israel .
Nearly 4,000 years ago , Benjamin , Shimon and their ten brothers roamed the hills of Judea .
Ladies and Gentlemen ,
The connection between the Jewish people and the Land of Israel can not be denied .
The connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem can not be denied .
The Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago and the Jewish people are building Jerusalem today .
Jerusalem is not a settlement .
It is our capital .
In essence , the Prime minister affirms the historical , linguistic and religious continuity of the state of Israel , an heir to the Kingdom of David and other protagonists of the Bible .
He appears alarmed by recent scholarship , produced by Jews and Israelis , that challenges his view in all the three aspects of continuity .
JEWISH CHALLENGES
In terms of ethnic connection , Zionists postulate that Jews from countries as different as Poland , Yemen or Morocco belong to the same people .
Many , including Israel ’s Prime minister , believe them to be descendents of the Biblical Hebrews .
In his recent book Professor Shlomo Sand of Tel - Aviv University challenges these beliefs , arguing that the Jewish people , as an ethnic concept , has no historic legitimacy and was simply “ invented ” for the needs of Zionism in the late 19th century .
Any nationalism needs a nation to begin with .
Interestingly , even Sand ’s scholarly critics agree that the claim to ethnic continuity of the Jews through millennia is simply not serious .
Moreover , Sand shows affinity between Zionist and antisemitic ideas .
Zionism affirms the ethnic definition of the Jew modelled on Eastern European prototypes .
Thus Zionists accept the antisemites ’ view of the Jews as a distinct and therefore alien people or race .
This is why most Jews rejected Zionism from the very beginning .
They saw that Zionists played into the hands of their worst enemies , the antisemites : the latter wanted to be rid of Jews while the former wanted to gather them to Israel .
The founder of Zionism Theodore Herzl considered antisemites “ friends and allies ” of his movement .
This makes it hard to argue that Israel was meant to be a bulwark against antisemitism , and , sadly , only in Israel a Jew is likely to be killed simply because of being Jewish .
No wonder that , in spite of consistent efforts by Zionist organizations , most Jews have chosen to live outside Israel , including those Jews , who change their country of residence .
This weakens the claim to be “ the state of the Jewish people ” that is the ideological foundation of the current state of Israel .
/
In fact , Israel ’s treatment of Palestinians threatens not only Israelis but also Jews the world over .
Israel ’s Roth Institute found that Israel ’s attack on Gaza was practically the only factor driving the dramatic spike in anti-Semitic incidents that occurred in the world in 2009 .
These findings conflict with Israel ’s claim to be the ultimate protector of Jews all over the world , a crucial argument in favour of Zionism .
From the language perspective , Gil’ad Zuckermann , an Israeli linguist teaching in Australia , tries to shake another pillar of Zionism – the rebirth of the Hebrew language .
He finds that the language created by Zionists is not Semitic but Indo -European .
This should not be surprising since the pioneers of the new vernacular were mostly Eastern European immigrants , whose native tongues were Russian , Polish and Yiddish .
It is these pioneers ( whom Shlomo Sand considers “ the Yiddish people ” ) that created “ the Israeli language ” as Zuckerman prefers to call it .
He argues that the use of Hebrew roots and words is overshadowed by massive structural and syntactic influence of the European languages and by a consistent effort at secularization of the religious idiom .
The modern Hebrew language appears as “ invented ” as the transnational “ Jewish people ” investigated by Shlomo Sand , and this casts doubt on the linguistic continuity of Zionism invoked by the Israeli Premier .
Finally , there remains the claim to spiritual legitimacy of Zionism as an heir to Judaism and Jewish tradition .
Religious concepts such as the Holy Land , the Promised Land and the Chosen People have become the essential part of the Zionist vocabulary .
However , the founders of the Zionist state were profoundly secular , and so is the majority of Israeli Jews .
According to a sarcastic remark of the Israeli scholar Amnon Raz - Krakotzkin , “ our claim to this land could be put in a nutshell :
God does not exist , and he gave us this land . ”
In fact , Zionism has provoked most durable opposition precisely from the traditional Jewish circles , whose commitment to Judaism is beyond doubt .
This Jewish opposition reflects the fact that Zionism has been a break with the past , one of the last revolutionary movements seeking to transform man and society .
Thus on three fundamental accounts – religious , ethnic and linguistic – the historical legitimacy of Zionism is seriously contested .
The Israeli historian Boaz Evron reminds us that :
The State of Israel , and all the states of the world , appear and disappear .
The State of Israel , clearly , will disappear in one hundred , three - hundred , ﬁve - hundred years .
But I suppose that the Jewish people will exist as long as the Jewish religion exists , perhaps for thousands more years .
The existence of this state is of no importance for that of the Jewish people ….
Jews throughout the world can live quite well without it .
Decoupling the fate of the state of Israel from the future of the Jews opens possibilities for a more rational political approach to the conflict in Israel / Palestine .
PROSPECTS FOR PEACE
These two challenges to the Zionist character of Israel – international and Jewish – must be seen in the context of current efforts to bring peace to the embattled Western Asia .
President Obama tends to rely on legal principles in his search for a negotiated settlement .
When Israeli politicians accuse Obama ’s two close advisors of being self - hating Jews , they weaken the emotional view of Israel as the “ the state of the Jewish people ” .
55 percent of American Jews approve of the way the Obama administration is handling U.S. - Israel relations , ( compared to less than 10 percent of Israeli Jews ) , this emphasizes the serious split that Israel and Zionism have fomented among Jews .
This split makes it possible to treat and discuss Israel as any other state , on its merits , rather than with emotional references to Jewish history .
The founding fathers of Zionism dreamt of building “ a normal country ” .
They built Israel into a mighty regional power armed with nuclear and other sophisticated weapons .
The current Prime minister also argues that Israel “ should be judged by the same standards applied to all nations . ”
Indeed , Israel should be judged according to accepted international standards as a major military power , rather than as a collective victim of past persecutions of Jews in Europe .
/ Israel was founded as a revolutionary break with the past , and there is no historical , religious or moral reason to accept her claim to exceptionalism .
Recent statements by U.S. military and diplomatic experts show that this normalization has begun .
General David Petraeus in testimony before Congress argued that the continuing conflict in Israel / Palestine harms U.S. security interests .
No less importantly , the percentage of Americans who consider Israel is an U.S. ally has fallen from 70 % in August 2009 to 58 % in March 2010 .
An eventual return to normalcy and rationality in analyses of Israel / Palestine may help in the search for peace .
Afrikaner nationalists also used to consider themselves “ the chosen people ” and related to their colonization of South Africa ’s interior as a religious obligation .
They too feared the prospect of “ being thrown into the sea ” should their dominant position vanish .
Yet , a peaceful transition took place , and one of its architects sees in it a hope for the Holy Land .
Bishop Tutu remarks that :
It is not with rancour that we criticize the Israeli government , but with hope , a hope that a better future can be made for both Israelis and Palestinians , a future in which both the violence of the occupier and the resulting violent resistance of the occupied come to an end , and where one people need not rule over another , engendering suffering , humiliation , and retaliation .
True peace must be anchored in justice and an unwavering commitment to universal rights for all humans , regardless of ethnicity , religion , gender , national origin or any other identity attribute . “
Significantly , the main Jewish newspaper in South Africa recently published an editorial , which concluded with a question : “ Will the Israeli - Palestinian bloodletting go on , tragically , until there is “ no choice ” but a settlement as happened in South Africa ?
Given the strength of both sides , that will be long time coming .
In the meantime , how many lives will be lost and how much destruction caused ? ”
Leo Tolstoy begins Anna Karenina with these words : “ Happy families are all alike ; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way ” .
His observation applies to states no less than to families .
No two states ’ predicament and history are the same .
Yet some parallels are not only unavoidable but can also be instructive and even hopeful .
Comparisons of Zionist practices with apartheid in South Africa are not only attempts to delegitimize Zionism , but may also be seen as road signs towards a more inclusive and therefore less violent political framework .
In other words , the ongoing delegitimation of Zionist Israel may stimulate a non-violent emergence of a pluralist and democratic Israel , living in peace with her citizens and neighbours .
The impasse of the U.S. sponsored road map towards the two - state solution makes such evolution more probable .
Richard Falk seems to recognize peace - enhancing aspects of the attempts to delegitimize the Zionist character of Israel .
To face this challenge to its legitimacy , writes Falk , “ it would seem to require an Israeli willingness to abandon the core Zionist project to establish a Jewish state , and that does not appear likely from the vantage point of the present .
But always the goals of a legitimacy war appear to be beyond reach until mysteriously attained by the abrupt and totally unexpected surrender by the losing side .
Until it collapses the losing side pretends to be unmovable and invincible , a claim that is usually reinforced by police and military dominance .
This is what happened in the Soviet Union and South Africa , earlier to French colonial rule in Indochina and Algeria , and to the United States in Vietnam . ”
During his exile , less than a decade before the end of the USSR , the Soviet dissident and father of the H- bomb Andrei Sakharov remarked : “ I do not have any hope for democratic change in the near future .
But the mole of history digs invisibly , and we know that historical changes occur suddenly ” .
The left , white , side of this bird is male .
The right , brown , side is female .
By Huw Williams
BBC Scotland reporter
Researchers say they 've solved the mystery of why some chickens hatch out half - male and half - female .
About one in every 10,000 chickens is gynandromorphous , to use the technical term .
Half - and - half chickens give a unique insight into how birds develop
In medieval times , they might have been burned at the stake , as witches ' familiars .
But now these chickens are shedding important new light on how birds , and perhaps reptiles , develop .
It used to be thought that hormones instructed cells to develop in male or female - specific ways .
That 's what happens in mammals , including humans , and it leads to secondary sexual characteristics like facial hair for men or breasts for women .
But scientists at the Roslin Institute and the University of Edinburgh say they have discovered that bird cells do n't need to be programmed by hormones .
Instead they are inherently male or female , and remain so even if they end up mixed together in the same chicken .
It means a half - and - half chicken will have totally different plumage , body shape , and muscle structure on the two halves of its body .
It even affects the wattles on the bird 's head , and the spurs on its legs .
They will be larger on the cockerel half , and smaller on the hen half , of the same bird .
Practical uses Dr Michael Clinton of the Roslin Institute led the research , which has just been published in the scientific journal Nature .
He said the findings were a surprise .
Dr Clinton explained : " We looked at these birds initially expecting them not to be half - male and half - female .
We thought there 'd be a mutation on one side of the body .
Dr Michael Clinton of the Roslin Institute led the research " But we found that they were half - male and half - female and that 's what actually showed us that the system was different in birds and mammals . "
And researchers tested their theory with delicate and demanding experiments .
" If you put female cells into a male body they 'll develop into the normal tissues , but they 'll behave as female cells , " Dr Clinton said .
The hope is that these findings might have immediate practical uses for the poultry industry .
Dr Clinton said : " If we can understand what the differences between the male and female identities are , then we can imagine making female birds with the same growth characteristics as males .
That would increase productivity , and food security . "
But if there are vestiges of the same mechanism in mammals , inherited from our reptilian evolutionary ancestors , then the research could help to answer long - standing mysteries of human health .
Like , for example , why women live longer than men , or why men are more at risk of heart attacks .
" But that will require much more investigation , " Dr Clinton insisted .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of two photojournalists killed in a 2007 attack by a U.S. helicopter gunship in Iraq was being rescued when the gunship 's crew fired on the van to which he was being carried , according to footage posted online Monday .
Reuters photographer Saeed Cmagh survived an initial strafing by the Apache gunship 's 30 mm machine gun , but apparently died when the gunship opened fire on people attempting to get him off the sidewalk where he lay , according to the video .
The aerial footage was posted by the Web site WikiLeaks , which said the video remains classified and " clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . "
WikiLeaks is a site that publishes anonymously submitted documents , video and other sensitive materials .
Read the full CNN.com story
- CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
A few years ago , right whales began washing up on the shores of Argentina 's Patagonian coast .
So far , researchers have counted a total of 308 dead whales since 2005 .
These right whales in the waters around Peninsula Valdés are amidst the largest die - off of great whales ever recorded .
Whatever is killing them remains unknown .
About 88 percent of the whale deaths were calves that were less than three months old .
Curiously , many of the corpses had unusually thin layers of blubber .
The deceased calves found comprise almost a third of all right whale calve sightings in the last 5 years .
In 2009 , the Scientific Committee of the IWC identified the die - off as a management priority .
" Península Valdés is one of the most important calving and nursing grounds for the species found throughout the Southern Hemisphere , " said Dr. Howard Rosenbaum , director of the WCS's Ocean Giants Program and a member of the IWC's Scientific Committee .
" By working with the government of Argentina , the Province of Chubut , the IWC , and our diverse team of experts and specialists , we can increase our chances of solving this mystery , the critical next step to ensuring a future for this population of southern right whales . "
This week a team of whale and health experts from the Wildlife Conservation Society joined experts from other organizations at a workshop to try to solve this perplexing problem .
The International Whaling Commission sponsored the workshop , which convened in Puerto Madryn .
" We need to critically examine possible causes for this increase in calf mortality so we can begin to explore possible solutions , " said Dr. Marcela Uhart , associate director of WCS 's Global Health Program and one of the early founders of the program that discovered the whale deaths .
" Finding the cause may require an expansion of monitoring activities to include the vast feeding grounds for the species . "
Around one - third of the estimated population of right whales in the Southern Hemisphere use the protected bays of Península Valdés ( a World Heritage Site ) as a calving and nursing habitat between the months of June and December .
The southern right whale is one of the world 's great conservation success stories .
Unlike the North Atlantic and North Pacific right whales ( both of which number in the low hundreds ) , southern rights have managed to rebound from centuries of commercial whaling , with populations growing at approximately 7 percent annually since 1970 .
Growing up to 55 feet in length and weighing up to 60 tons , the southern right whale is now the most abundant species of right whale in the world .
But ensuring their long - term survival may require solving this issue quickly .
These charismatic animals are also the focus of a thriving eco-tourism industry along Argentina 's Patagonian coast .
The workshop participants will consider many hypotheses on the cause or causes of the calf deaths .
Possible explanations might include biotoxins , disease , environmental factors at their nursing grounds , and potential variations in prey availability at the whales ' distant feeding grounds .
Nux Keylogger monitors keyboard activity on a Linux system .
It 's possible to hide and daemonize this process and it supports azerty and qwerty keyboard modes .
I knew one day that robots would take over the world , it looks like that day may be sooner that we think as robots have now learned how to play Tetris , and it looks like the can play it much better than most of us .
This cool Tetris playing Lego robot is the creation of Branislav Kisacanin , and it uses a video camera , a computer screen , to play Tetris , check out the video of him in action below .
Very cool , I wonder what he will learn to play next ?
Donkey Kong ?
via Botropolis
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Book of Mormon type Stage
Image Credit : Ethan Miller / Getty Images
The long - rumored Broadway writing debut of South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone finally has a date : The Book of Mormon , described as a traditional musical comedy with untraditional subject matter , will open in March 2011 .
Parker and Stone , who earned an Oscar nomination for the musical genius they displayed in the big- screen South Park : Bigger , Longer , & Uncut , are penning the book , music , and lyrics with Robert Lopez , a Tony winner for Avenue Q. ( Lopez has said the South Park movie was one of his major influences writing the gloriously perverse puppet show . )
Parker will direct with Jason Moore , who earned a Tony nomination for Avenue Q and most recently staged the irreverent Shrek the Musical .
The show will be produced by Scott Rudin and Anne Garefino .
The cast will be announced at a later date .
What do you think ?
I could n’t be more excited .
We know Parker and Stone are familiar with the subject matter — both from their 1998 film Orgazmo ( about a Mormon with martial arts skills who enters the world of adult films to pay for his wedding ) and the 2003 South Park episode “ All About Mormons . ”
We also know Broadway truly has always been a dream of theirs .
Music has been a part of everything they ’ve ever done — from their very first film together , 1996 ’s Cannibal !
The Musical ( which is now available in its entirety on Hulu ! ) , through 14 seasons of South Park ( their 200th episode airs tonight at 10 p.m. ET on Comedy Central ) .
What ’s your favorite musical Parker and Stone moment ?
After the jump , just a few of mine …
“ When I Was on Top of You ” from Cannibal !
The Musical ( Parker , as Alfred Packer , who was convicted of cannibalism after leading an ill - fated trip to the Colorado Territory , laments losing his horse )
“ Swiss Colony Beef Log ” from the album Mr. Hankey ’s Christmas Classics
Kanye
West realizes he ’s a gay fish
Jennifer Lopez ’s “ Taco - Flavored Kisses ”
“ Blame Canada ” from South Park : Bigger , Longer , & Uncut ( Okay , clearly nominated for the Oscar and shown here because “ Uncle F ** ka ” — the hardest I ’ve ever laughed in a movie theater — could n’t be .
Perhaps an idea of what The Book of Mormon will look like onstage ?
By the way , click here to watch Brian Boitano wish Trey and Matt congratulations on their 200th episode in a fun , profanity - laced video . )
“ Montage ” from Team America : World Police ( I find it more pleasing to the ear than the testosterone - heavy voice Parker uses for “ America , F — Yeah ” and the Orgazmo song “ Now You ’re a Man . ” )
“ I ’m So Ronery ” from Team America : World Police ( It just really shows Parker ’s emotional range and his eye as a director . )
BOSTON --
After going hitless Tuesday for a second straight game to start the season , Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz lashed out at reporters when reminded that his struggles last April and May would be a hot topic if he was slow at the start of this season as well .
" Good , " he said , turning to face the reporters encircling him .
" You guys wait ' til [ expletive ] happens , then you can talk [ expletive ] .
Two [ expletive ] games , and already you [ expletives ] are going crazy .
" What 's up with that , man ? [ Expletive ] .
[ Expletive ] 160 games left .
That 's a [ expletive ] .
One of you [ expletives ] got to go ahead and hit for me . "
Ortiz was handled with ease Sunday night by Yankees left - hander CC Sabathia , who retired Ortiz on two rollers and an infield fly .
Against right - hander A.J. Burnett Tuesday , Ortiz smoked a ball into the teeth of an overshifted Yankees defense , right at second baseman Robinson Cano , turning a likely hit sans shift into an easy out in Boston 's 6 - 4 loss to New York .
He grounded out again to Cano in the third before going down swinging on a nasty curveball from Burnett to end the fifth .
In the eighth , against left - handed reliever Damaso Marte , Ortiz hit a harmless fly to center .
I 'm a longtime copy editor , and I take the Metro to work .
As a result , I made one person laugh hysterically today , and another almost vomit .
Let me explain .
As I emerged from the Hollywood and Vine Metro station this morning and headed for the CNN Los Angeles bureau , I noticed two workmen cleaning off the newest star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for the 11:30 a.m. unveiling ceremony .
It was for Julia Louis - Dreyfus , star of " The New Adventures of Old Christine " – and the first " Seinfeld " alum to receive a star on the Walk of Fame .
I glanced at it as I walked by ... then stopped , and peered more closely :
testing captions
" Um , excuse me , " I said to the workmen , " but I 'm pretty sure that star is missing an O .
And a hyphen . "
They were startled , and a little unsure what to do – after all , the ceremony was in four hours , and you can't just print up a new star at the local CopyMart .
I snapped a pic with my BlackBerry , then hustled to work and called Ana Martinez - Holler , the press rep for the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
" Are you sure ? " she gasped , and then , understandably , she hurried off the phone .
A couple of hours later , Ana called me back .
" Is everything okay ? " I asked .
" Well , I almost puked in my car , but otherwise , yeah , " she replied .
It turns out Louis - Dreyfus thought the mistake was hysterical , and wanted them to leave it , but they 'd already chiseled out the " Luis " and put a temporary " Louis - " in its place for the unveiling .
It was n't shiny and perfect , but at least they got her name right .
Ana said they 're going to give the " Luis " to Julia as a memento .
I was kind of hoping for that souvenir , but at least I 've played a small part in Walk of Fame history ... and have a reason to smile every time I walk to and from the Metro station each day .
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 876768
Netherlands
03/05/2010 09:48 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell John Bedell and Joe Stack were not terrorist , they were good friends of mine .
In 1996 , we met at an embedded systems conference in Sacramento .
I do not feel like typing out all the details , but we hit it off right from the beginning .
We begin analysing networks together and by 2002 , Joe and I were able to penetrate just about any network connected to the Internet .
The correspondence between John , Joe , and I eventually came to a halt , but in February , 2007 I get a call from Joe telling me that we needed to talk in person .
I met with him and he spilled his guts to me .
He told me about all the unlawful and clandestine operations our government was involved with and also informed me of the level of corruption that has manifested itself in capitol hill .
He suggested that we find out what was going on by infiltrating the CIA 's as well as the NSA 's networks .
I was really hesitant about it , but Joe told me that John was on board and pointed me to this website and a couple of others as a nudge of encouragement .
My wife had recently passed and I really felt like I had nothing to lose , so the day after his proposal , and after countless hours of pouring over conspiracy theories , I accepted .
It was not because my moral standards were as high as Joe's , but more that my wife 's death had take a tremendous toll on me , and I went into it for the thrill ( it kept my mind preoccupied and off my wife ) .
That was the last time I saw Joe face to face .
I did not see John face to face throughout the entire operation , but we communicated through digital mediums .
Joe was the lead man .
He orchestrated the entire event , and delegated tasks to people .
I am a mathematics professor with a focus in cryptology , so Joe put me in charge of cryptography .
I set up secure lines of communication and ran crypt- analysis on ciphered keys John sniffed off the networks .
John was in charge of pen testing .
If you are going to get caught , it will be during pen testing , since this the most intrusive part of the entire process .
It had been years since we had worked together as a team , and Joe and John were not up to date on the latest network and software security practices .
We started on private networks and worked our way up to large corporations .
By 2009 we were prepared to undertake the task at hand .
Joe kept things compartmentalised during the operation .
We were given information on a need to know basis .
I do not know what methods
Joe used to attack what networks , or even what files he was after , I was only given cipher - texts and expected to return the clear - text .
John was in charge of anti-forensics and clean - up .
But , I knew something went wrong when Joe called me .
I immediately knew right off the bat that something was amiss , when I heard John in the background .
That was our number one rule : no face - to - face contact .
His first words , " It 's way bigger than anybody could have ever dreamed .
Look at today 's date .
Listen to the audio - file I just sent you and then look at the time - stamp and at today 's date again " .
I honestly thought I was busted .
I thought it was a government agent trying to be funny .
The date was February 15 , and , I will not ever forget this , the audio file was last modified about an hour before I listened to it .
The clip was of the end of a hockey game and as the commentator wrapped things up , he said something along the lines of " Thrasers : 7 , Kings : 6 . Thanks for listening to us on this Monday night " .
At first I did n't understand .
I did n't even have a clue as to what was going on until Joe sent me more of the archives which had every digital video , and audio , broadcasts for events that were supposed to happen tomorrow , but had not happened yet .
Confirmation finally came that this was not just some sort of hoax database kept for fun , when we tuned into the Thrashers - Kings game and the final score was Thrashers : 7 , Kings : 6 .
After brainstorming and researching for days , they finally discovered the database was being written to via satellite .
And from there things clicked into place .
The NSA is able to see approximately 27 hours 42 minutes and 33 seconds into the future of the world .
This is done through a satellite .
The satellite is able to take images of earth , a selected number of video and audio broadcasts ( the majority of it is news ) routed to the satellite by communications on the ground up , to roughly 27 hours before it happens .
As every second goes by it is slowly gaining the ability to see further into the future .
I 'm not going to expand any further here , but to say the satellite is able to do this because of a flaw in the way the Lorentz transformations were derived .
This is my insurance .
They have already kill Joe and John , and in such a way that they made them out to be monsters to the public .
They will not do this to me .
This is the way it works .
If they kill me , abduct me or anything , all evidence including the properly derived Lorrentz transformations are to be automatically posted here .
I must be present at my computer at 5:29 a.m. ( my timezone ) everyday in order to keep this posts from happening because 174 servers spanning the globe are set to ensure that happens automatically unless my password is entered .
If the government tries to take this site out or this page , I have created a virus that will spread on a massive scale and automatically upload all the evidence I have against them to the victims PC , so at the very least thousands will know the truth but most likely millions .
My password can not be cracked .
It would take longer to crack an 8096 bit RSA encryption key , than my self - made encryption system .
My initials are T.S.G. and I am a Mathematics professor .
This shall ensure if they kill me and try to slander my name in the media , there will be at least a few people who know the truth I 'm not telling everything here because then they would kill me .
It 's the only bargaining chip I have left .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 862794
United States
03/05/2010 10:04 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell John Bedell and Joe Stack were not terrorist , they were good friends of mine .
In 1996 , we met at an embedded systems conference in Sacramento .
I do not feel like typing out all the details , but we hit it off right from the beginning .
We begin analysing networks together and by 2002 , Joe and I were able to penetrate just about any network connected to the Internet .
The correspondence between John , Joe , and I eventually came to a halt , but in February , 2007 I get a call from Joe telling me that we needed to talk in person .
I met with him and he spilled his guts to me .
He told me about all the unlawful and clandestine operations our government was involved with and also informed me of the level of corruption that has manifested itself in capitol hill .
He suggested that we find out what was going on by infiltrating the CIA 's as well as the NSA 's networks .
I was really hesitant about it , but Joe told me that John was on board and pointed me to this website and a couple of others as a nudge of encouragement .
My wife had recently passed and I really felt like I had nothing to lose , so the day after his proposal , and after countless hours of pouring over conspiracy theories , I accepted .
It was not because my moral standards were as high as Joe's , but more that my wife 's death had take a tremendous toll on me , and I went into it for the thrill ( it kept my mind preoccupied and off my wife ) .
That was the last time I saw Joe face to face .
I did not see John face to face throughout the entire operation , but we communicated through digital mediums .
Joe was the lead man .
He orchestrated the entire event , and delegated tasks to people .
I am a mathematics professor with a focus in cryptology , so Joe put me in charge of cryptography .
I set up secure lines of communication and ran crypt- analysis on ciphered keys John sniffed off the networks .
John was in charge of pen testing .
If you are going to get caught , it will be during pen testing , since this the most intrusive part of the entire process .
It had been years since we had worked together as a team , and Joe and John were not up to date on the latest network and software security practices .
We started on private networks and worked our way up to large corporations .
By 2009 we were prepared to undertake the task at hand .
Joe kept things compartmentalised during the operation .
We were given information on a need to know basis .
I do not know what methods
Joe used to attack what networks , or even what files he was after , I was only given cipher - texts and expected to return the clear - text .
John was in charge of anti-forensics and clean - up .
But , I knew something went wrong when Joe called me .
I immediately knew right off the bat that something was amiss , when I heard John in the background .
That was our number one rule : no face - to - face contact .
His first words , " It 's way bigger than anybody could have ever dreamed .
Look at today 's date .
Listen to the audio - file I just sent you and then look at the time - stamp and at today 's date again " .
I honestly thought I was busted .
I thought it was a government agent trying to be funny .
The date was February 15 , and , I will not ever forget this , the audio file was last modified about an hour before I listened to it .
The clip was of the end of a hockey game and as the commentator wrapped things up , he said something along the lines of " Thrasers : 7 , Kings : 6 . Thanks for listening to us on this Monday night " .
At first I did n't understand .
I did n't even have a clue as to what was going on until Joe sent me more of the archives which had every digital video , and audio , broadcasts for events that were supposed to happen tomorrow , but had not happened yet .
Confirmation finally came that this was not just some sort of hoax database kept for fun , when we tuned into the Thrashers - Kings game and the final score was Thrashers : 7 , Kings : 6 .
After brainstorming and researching for days , they finally discovered the database was being written to via satellite .
And from there things clicked into place .
The NSA is able to see approximately 27 hours 42 minutes and 33 seconds into the future of the world .
This is done through a satellite .
The satellite is able to take images of earth , a selected number of video and audio broadcasts ( the majority of it is news ) routed to the satellite by communications on the ground up , to roughly 27 hours before it happens .
As every second goes by it is slowly gaining the ability to see further into the future .
I 'm not going to expand any further here , but to say the satellite is able to do this because of a flaw in the way the Lorentz transformations were derived .
This is my insurance .
They have already kill Joe and John , and in such a way that they made them out to be monsters to the public .
They will not do this to me .
This is the way it works .
If they kill me , abduct me or anything , all evidence including the properly derived Lorrentz transformations are to be automatically posted here .
I must be present at my computer at 5:29 a.m. ( my timezone ) everyday in order to keep this posts from happening because 174 servers spanning the globe are set to ensure that happens automatically unless my password is entered .
If the government tries to take this site out or this page , I have created a virus that will spread on a massive scale and automatically upload all the evidence I have against them to the victims PC , so at the very least thousands will know the truth but most likely millions .
My password can not be cracked .
It would take longer to crack an 8096 bit RSA encryption key , than my self - made encryption system .
My initials are T.S.G. and I am a Mathematics professor .
This shall ensure if they kill me and try to slander my name in the media , there will be at least a few people who know the truth I 'm not telling everything here because then they would kill me .
It 's the only bargaining chip I have left .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 876768
interesting .. interesting ..
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 907076
Canada
03/05/2010 10:29 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell ya sounds like a movie I saw .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 907607
i was thinking of the movie - Paycheck i was thinking of the movie - Paycheck
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 589518
Australia
03/05/2010 10:31 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
Quoting : The Hammer
I want to reply to this properly , but I 'm having trouble finding the word " gullible " in the dictionary .
Can you help ?
I want to reply to this properly , but I 'm having trouble finding the word " gullible " in the dictionary .
Can you help ?
Hitndahedfred
User ID : 826012
United States
03/05/2010 10:32 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell
[ link to www.stricklychopped.com]
[ link to www.ghi-engrs.com]
Each time a person stands for an ideal , or acts to improve the lot of others , or strikes out against injustice , he or she sends forth a tiny ripple of hope .
And crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring , those ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance .
Few are willing to embrace the disapproval of their fellows , the censure of their colleagues , the wrath of their society .
Moral courage is a rarer commodity than bravery in battle or great intelligence .
Yet it is the one essential vital quality for those who seek to change a world that yields most painfully to change .
[ Robert F. Kennedy ]
This is actually pretty interesting .
I will bump this and raise you 4 stars for further investigation .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 901410
United States
03/05/2010 10:39 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell Holy shit .
Real Glow 's plane crash prediction comes to mind .
What if Real Glow was one of a group of agents assigned to watch the future to look for terrorist attacks ( or something else ) ?
Holy shit .
Real Glow 's plane crash prediction comes to mind .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 901410
United States
03/05/2010 10:43 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell After brainstorming and researching for days , they finally discovered the database was being written to via satellite .
And from there things clicked into place .
The NSA is able to see approximately 27 hours 42 minutes and 33 seconds into the future of the world .
This is done through a satellite .
The satellite is able to take images of earth , a selected number of video and audio broadcasts ( the majority of it is news ) routed to the satellite by communications on the ground up , to roughly 27 hours before it happens .
As every second goes by it is slowly gaining the ability to see further into the future .
I 'm not going to expand any further here , but to say the satellite is able to do this because of a flaw in the way the Lorentz transformations were derived .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 876768
I see a bit of simple crypto here .
27/3 = 9
42/3 = 14
33/3 = 11
9/14/2011
I see a bit of simple crypto here .
27/3 = 942/3 = 1433/3 = 11
Astronut
Senior Forum Moderator
User ID : 634208
United States
03/05/2010 10:50 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
Quoting : The Hammer
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
LinSen
User ID : 905794
China
03/05/2010 10:52 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
Quoting : Astronut
Psyop !
Psyop !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 835300
United States
03/05/2010 10:57 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
Quoting : Astronut
NASA and the satellites perhaps .
But , I do n't get it .
An AC writes something with absolutely no proof what so ever and people just ...... believe him ?
Are you that desperate for doom and conspiracy ?
I 'm not saying this might not be true but c'mon already .
Anyone can write anything linking ' things ' up .
So OP ?
Can you substantiate your claim somehow ?
Did n't think so ............
G'day !
NASA and the satellites perhaps .
But , I do n't get it .
An AC writes something with absolutely no proof what so ever and people just ...... believe him ?
Are you that desperate for doom and conspiracy ?
I 'm not saying this might not be true but c'mon already .
Anyone can write anything linking ' things ' up .
So OP ?
Can you substantiate your claim somehow ?
Did n't think so ............ G'day !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 901410
United States
03/05/2010 10:58 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
Quoting : Astronut
I think he meant NSA .
I think he meant NSA .
Astronut
Senior Forum Moderator
User ID : 634208
United States
03/05/2010 11:04 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell another nasa thread !!.. somethings up ..bs flags are up next ..
The title is wrong , whether intentionally to get the reader 's attention or unintentionally is up to the reader to decide .
NASA was not mentioned anywhere in the OP .
I think he meant NSA .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 901410
I agree , I 'm just not sure if he intentionally spelled it NASA in the title because it 's flashier and more far fetched than saying there was a secret link through a secret agency .
I agree , I 'm just not sure if he intentionally spelled it NASA in the title because it 's flashier and more far fetched than saying there was a secret link through a secret agency .
humbird
User ID : 906785
United States
03/05/2010 11:05 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : NASA and the link between Joe Stack and John Bedell
At the very least this is truly awesome fiction based on real - life occurrences !
Rock on .
Awesome read !
Thrilling even !
At the very least this is truly awesome fiction based on real - life occurrences !
Rock on .
Quoting : LinSen
+
1
Aside from the small band of Forteans scattered around the world , nobody seems to notice all aspects of this phantasmagoria . ( John A. Keel ) +
1
Dr. Sames added : " I would not do anything like this lightly .
To retract a paper is very difficult for any scientist . "
Dr. Sezen , now a doctoral student in another field at the University of Heidelberg in Germany , has vigorously disputed the retractions .
She said she had not been told that the papers were being withdrawn , and she questioned whether other members of Dr. Sames 's group had even tried to repeat the experiments .
The retraction of one paper , published in the journal Organic Letters in 2003 , appears today .
The three others were published in The Journal of the American Chemical Society in 2002 and 2003 , and the retractions will appear later this month .
Columbia has opened an inquiry into why the experiments were not reproducible .
The research in question lies in an esoteric field known as carbon - hydrogen bond activation .
But the ability to manipulate precisely the bonds between hydrogen and carbon atoms in molecules could lead to important practical applications .
For example , scientists might one day be able to change simple hydrocarbon molecules like methane into more complex ones like those in plastic and pharmaceuticals .
In e-mail messages yesterday , Dr. Sezen said that other members of Dr. Sames 's group had not followed detailed procedures for the experiments and that the catalysts needed to shepherd the chemical reactions had not been made .
