When was the last time you were challenged by an algorithm ?
As professional programmers , we often spend our day tackling things like :
The list goes on and on .
But again I ask , when was the last time you were challenged by an algorithm ?
I remember when I was 13 and writing a program for my aunt to help her schedule appointments for people .
I had to make sure that people were n’t scheduled on holidays like Christmas .
I was writing the program in BASIC and it required me to learn things like Julian dates .
Days like Christmas and the 4th of July were easy because they always fell on the same day each year .
The first one to really give me problems was Thanksgiving .
Every stinkin’ year it was on a different date !
The solution baffled me at the time .
I even made use of my access to this new thing called the “ Internet ” and asked puzzle gurus there for help .
I believe later that day I went to Old Country Buffet with my family and kept thinking about it .
After loading up on food , we were walking back to our car and it hit me : “ start with the first Thursday in December and subtract 7 days ! ! ”
I already had code that told me what day of the week a Julian date fell on , so this was easy .
After realizing this would n’t work for Thanksgiving 1995 which was two months away , I think I corrected it to find the first Thursday in November and then calculate the right number of days afterwards .
I ’m sure you ’re laughing at my early struggles .
It ’s probably “ intuitively obvious to [ you , ] the most casual observer ” what the right algorithm is , but for my 13 year old self , it was hard .
static DateTime Thanksgiving ( int year ) { DateTime nov1 = new DateTime ( year , 11 , 1 ) ; int dayOffset = DayOfWeek .
Thursday - nov1 .
DayOfWeek ; if ( dayOffset < 0 ) { return nov1 .
AddDays ( 7 * 4 + dayOffset ) ; } else { return nov1 .
AddDays ( 7 * 3 + dayOffset ) ; } }
In college , I especially remember being challenged by algorithm problems like figuring out what words to suggest for a misspelled word .
The algorithms were non-obvious and took time to figure out .
However , in the end , I usually ended up growing in my understanding of computer science as a result of solving them and in the process added a few more tools to my algorithmic toolkit .
After graduating and entering “ the real world , ” I rarely had to wrestle with an algorithm and instead focused on more tactical issues like the bullet points above .
This always nagged at me ; I felt as if I was somehow “ rotting ” in my computer science abilities .
My thinking was that if I kept getting bogged down in the tactical , day - to - day stuff , I ’d never be able to “ hit the high notes ” as a developer .
It ’s been this fear of skills rot that has pushed me to look into Lisp , Haskell , F# , Erlang , and other languages to avoid The Blub Paradox .
It ’s what drives me to attempt to attack code bloat , read modern papers and watch videos of people way smarter than myself .
It ’s what makes me think of books like Code Complete , Code Craft , and Framework Design Guidelines each time I write code .
And lately , it ’s what drove me to the legacy of a dead mathematician .
I found ProjectEuler .net last week .
It is a website dedicated to problems that can be solved efficiently with a good algorithm that runs for less than a minute .
It ’s in memory of the master mathematician , Leonhard Euler , who loved to “ tinker ” with mathematics and algorithms .
I ’m sure he ’d probably work at Google if he were alive today .
What I love about ProjectEuler is that while some of the problems are very challenging , they are at least possible for me to solve .
I ’ve seen way too many contests that just are no fun because they take too long to solve or are just too hard .
Some took me only a few seconds to figure out , some have taken me an hour , and some I still have n’t been able to solve .
The real fun part is that once you solve the problem , you are granted access to a forum where people discuss their solutions .
It ’s there where I ’ve been most humbled .
I might have taken 40 lines of code to figure out something someone did in a few minutes using a one line program in J , a language that I had never even heard of before .
Still others will do it in Haskell or Python in a couple lines of code .
Some brave guy consistently writes his solution in x86 assembler .
My approach has been to use C# 3.0 ’s new features whenever possible .
I was thrilled to be able to solve problem # 19 in 1 line using LINQ concepts .
I also really had fun with # 56 , writing an algorithm to decode a secret message .
Although the site looks heavy on math , it ’s more about thinking algorithmically and no problems require fancy math beyond what you would have learned by high school .
I ’m not saying ProjectEuler .
net is the only way to improve as a developer .
I ’m sure some folks have very busy schedules with kids and other activities that make it almost impossible to study anything outside of work .
However , I ’ve found tackling a ProjectEuler problem can easily be more fun than watching an average weeknight TV show or just surfing the web in general , but that ’s just me .
What do you do to sharpen your algorithm saw ?
Are you registered on ProjectEuler ?
If so , what ’s your username ?
( Here ’s my profile ) I ’d love to learn from you if you post your solutions on the forums .
It could be fun to have a friendly competition .
Download Download ( thanks to The Huffington Post for vids )
By now many of you have heard about Bill O'Reilly 's meltdown at a Barack Obama event in New Hampshire Saturday and on Sunday , The Huffington Post 's Roy Sekoff went on FOXNews to discuss the blogs ' coverage of the primaries -- as the topic turned to BillO , Sekoff gave a textbook example of how all liberals should act when on they appear on FOX .
Brilliant !
Sekoff : " ... and I give him ( O' Reilly ) credit , cause he did n't hit him with a loofah or a falafel .
MacCallum : " Alllllright ! "
Sekoff : " Oh yeah .
You know , Martha , maybe the thing was that he was surprised that when he showed up at an Obama event , it was just like any other event and no one was yelling for their iced tea . "
Newsmodel changes subject .
Fin .
Several BitTorrent developers have joined forces to propose a new protocol extension with the ability to bypass the BitTorrent interfering techniques used by Comcast and other ISPs .
This new form of encryption will be implemented in BitTorrent clients including uTorrent , so Comcast subscribers are free to share again .
BitTorrent throttling is not a new phenomenon , ISPs have been doing it for years .
When the first ISPs started to throttle BitTorrent traffic most BitTorrent clients introduced a countermeasure , namely , protocol header encryption .
This was the beginning of an ongoing cat and mouse game between ISPs and BitTorrent client developers , which is about to enter new level .
Unfortunately , protocol header encryption does n’t help against more aggressive forms of BitTorrent interference , like the Sandvine application used by Comcast .
A new extension to the BitTorrent protocol is needed to stay ahead of the ISPs , and that is exactly what is happening right now .
Back in August we were the first to report that Comcast was actively disconnecting BitTorrent seeds .
Comcast of course denied our allegations , and ever since there has been a lot of debate about the rights and wrongs of Comcast ’s actions .
On Wednesday , Comcast explained their BitTorrent interference to the FCC in a 57 - page filing .
Unfortunately they have n’t stopped lying yet , since they now argue that they only delay BitTorrent traffic , while in fact they disconnect people , making it impossible for them to share files with non-Comcast users .
In short , the Comcast interference works like this : A few seconds after you connect to someone in a BitTorrent swarm , a peer reset message ( RST flag ) is sent by Comcast and the upload immediately stops .
Most vulnerable are users in a relatively small swarm where you only have a couple of peers you can upload the file to .
For the networking savvy people among us , here ’s an example of real RST interference ( video ) on a regular BitTorrent connection .
In this case , the reset happens immediately after the bitfields are exchanged .
Evil ?
Yes – but there is hope .
The goal of this new type of encryption ( or obfuscation ) is to prevent ISPs from blocking or disrupting BitTorrent traffic connections that span between the receiver of a tracker response and any peer IP - port appearing in that tracker response , according to the proposal .
“ This extension directly addresses a known attack on the BitTorrent protocol performed by some deployed network hardware .
By obscuring the ip - port pairs network hardware can no longer easily identify ip - port pairs that are running BitTorrent by observing peer - to - tracker communications .
This deployed hardware under some conditions disrupts BitTorrent connections by injecting forged TCP reset packets .
Once a BitTorrent connection has been identified , other attacks could be performed such as severely rate limiting or blocking these connections . ”
So , the new tracker peer obfuscation technique is especially designed to be a workaround for throttling devices , such as the Sandvine application that Comcast uses .
More details on the proposal can be found at BitTorrent.org , which aims to become a coordination platform for BitTorrent developers .
TorrentFreak talked to Ashwin Navin , president and co-founder of BitTorrent Inc. who has some of his employees working on the new extension .
He told us : “ There are some ISPs who would like people to believe that “ slowing down ” BitTorrent or “ metering ” bandwidth consumption serves the greater good .
Consumers should be very weary of this claim . ”
“ In recent months , consumers enjoyed unprecedented participation in the political process thanks to the ability to upload opinions and feedback in the YouTube presidential debates .
Musicians , filmmakers and artists are finding ways to connect with their audiences across the world thanks to MySpace and BitTorrent .
Students are engaging with interactive learning tools in their schools .
Which bandwidth intensive application will banned or shaped or metered next by these ISPs ?
The creative spirit of millions has been ignited , and our need to participate , to communicate will not be silenced . ”
“ The US government should encourage ISPs to innovate and invest in their networks , ” Ashwin said .
“ Permitting them to interfere or interrupt in the communications of consumers , to protect ISP profit margins , would be a tremendous set back for our country and economy , when we are already slipping behind the first world ( UK , EU , Japan , Korea , Singapore , etc ) in its broadband capacity . ”
We wholeheartedly agree with Ashwin on this one , as we ’ve said before .
The Internet is only a few years old , if the plan is to keep using it in the future , ISPs need to upgrade their networks .
So , invest in more Internet gateway capacity , 10 Gbps interconnect ports , and peering agreements .
BitTorrent users are not the problem , they only signal that the ISPs need to upgrade their capacity , because customers will only get more demanding in the future .
The Internet is not only about sending email , and browsing on text based websites anymore .
The new protocol extension is still under development , but the goal is of course , to get it out as soon as possible .
Hang on …
St. Andrews scientists have discovered a new way of levitating tiny objects - paving the way for future applications in nanotechnology .
Theoretical physicists at the University of St. Andrews have created `incredible levitation effects ' by engineering the force of nature which normally causes objects to stick together by quantum force .
By reversing this phenomenon , known as ` Casimir force ' , the scientists hope to solve the problem of tiny objects sticking together in existing novel nanomachines .
Professor Ulf Leonhardt and Dr Thomas Philbin of the University 's School of Physics & Astronomy believe that they can engineer the Casimir force of quantum physics to cause an object to repel rather than attract another in a vacuum .
Casimir force ( discovered in 1948 and first measured in 1997 ) can be demonstrated in a gecko's ability to stick to a surface with just one toe .
However , it can cause practical problems in nanotechnology , and ways of preventing tiny objects from sticking to each other is the source of much interest .
Professor Leonhardt explained , " The Casimir force is the ultimate cause of friction in the nano - world , in particular in some microelectromechanical systems .
Such systems already play an important role -- for example tiny mechanical devices which triggers a car airbag to inflate or those which power tiny `lab on chip ' devices used for drugs testing or chemical analysis .
Micro or nano machines could run smoother and with less or no friction at all if one can manipulate the force . "
The pair have worked out how to turn the normally `sticky ' quantum force of empty space from attraction to repulsion using a specially developed lens placed between two objects .
" In order to reduce friction in the nanoworld , turning nature 's stickiness into repulsion could be the ultimate remedy .
Instead of sticking together , parts of micromachinery would levitate , " said Professor Leonhardt .
Though it is possible in principle for humans to levitate , scientists are a long way off developing the technology for such feats .
" At the moment , in practice it is only going to be possible for micro-objects with the current technology , since this quantum force is small and acts only at short ranges .
For now , human levitation remains the subject of cartoons , fairytales and tales of the paranormal , " explained Professor Leonhardt .
The research is due to be published in the August edition of the New Journal of Physics .
I was introduced to bug tracking software many years back at my second programming job .
And by “ introduced ” , I mean forced – practically at gunpoint – to use it .
And boy , did I hate it .
Why do I have to put every stupid thing I do , I remember thinking , whether it ’s a stupid bug or not , in some stupid system so some stupid project manager can look at my stupid tasks ?
I quickly got over it .
Within a month , I came to realize how valuable a bug tracking system was in every aspect of software development , from keeping track of the countless little changes to quickly being able to blame everyone else when things went wrong .
To this day , I still think bug tracking is one of the greatest innovations to software development since the IDE .
And not only that , I now make sure to “ introduce ” bug tracking to everyone I work with – developers , testers , designers – by holding a gun to their head until they start using it and like it .
Sure , it may not be the most effective tool for non-development tasks , but it works great for us developers , and everyone else will just have to learn to deal .
And like it .
Luke Forehand ’s manager is big bug tracking advocate as well .
Everyone on their team – developers , testers , designers – is required to use JIRA to manage their day - to - day tasks .
Not too long ago , their designer , Paul , had simply had enough .
“ Seriously , ” Paul said throwing up his hands in the middle of a team meeting , “ what is with you developer nerds and this whole ‘ JIRA Task ’ crap !?
I have two things that I ’m working on .
And everyone knows what they are .
Why do you insist I log all this in your JIRA bloatware ? ”
Obviously , Paul had gotten sick of the overhead involved in filling out the issue tracking forms , reporting progress , status updates , describing issue resolution , creating sub tasks , etc. “ Well ” , the team lead responded , “ JIRA is mandatory . ”
“ But it ’s just a big waste of time .
I could do the same quality work and be much more efficient with a ‘ manual process ’ , as you ’d call it , rather than this JIRA . ”
“ Fine , ” the lead responded , “ go ahead and try . ”
The following meeting , Paul came back with his own process .
He called it “ Manual JIRA ” .
Needless to say , the team got a kick out of Paul ’s process .
They did decide to stick with real JIRA , however .
And as for Paul , he still grudgingly uses JIRA and has yet to find any value in it .
The founding fathers of the United States of America wrote freedom of the press into the very first amendment of the Bill of Rights .
As their own quotes and records show , they did this because they felt that a free , independent press was one of the most vital checks on the power of government , and the only way to impart to ordinary citizens the information they need to be responsible decision - makers in a democracy such as ours .
In the United States of America today , the press has failed that trust .
Much could be written , and has been written , about the way that the press has steadily become more and more deeply intertwined with the rich and the powerful , until their interests align with those entrenched powers and not with the common people they are supposed to be informing .
Much could be written about the way in which the press credulously accepted the current administration ’s rationales for war without asking the questions that would have exposed their fraud .
Much could be written about their preference for sensationalism and spectacle over facts and context .
However , in this post , I intend to discuss a more insidious and possibly even more pernicious tendency of the modern establishment media : their widespread belief that every point of view they present , no matter how qualified or well - respected , must be “ balanced ” by presenting the opposing view on equal terms , and that no point of view must ever be called wrong , discredited , or unsupported by the evidence .
Here is an instructive example from the April 1999 Pittsburgh Post - Gazette , Cancer therapy pained her family … and did n’t work .
The article concerns the sad story of an area woman who died of breast cancer at the age of 39 after refusing effective , conventional medical treatment in favor of implausible , ineffective , and scientifically unsupported “ alternative ” therapies :
Davis … adopted a rigorous 13 - hour - a- day treatment plan called Gerson Therapy .
The therapy – based on a combination of diet , exercise and coffee enemas – is controversial .
Doctors in California warned Davis against relying exclusively on the alternative treatments .
“ Controversial ” ?
The only thing this article could find to say about therapy that involved treating malignant breast cancer by receiving coffee enemas and eating a pound of carrots per day is that it is “ controversial ” ?
I will say what this paper would not : such a treatment blatantly ignores everything we know about how cancer is caused and how it can be cured ; is utterly unsupported by any scientific evidence ; is advocated only by quacks ; and may well end up costing the lives of any people who rely on it exclusively , as this poor woman did , because it does not work .
Although the title of this article , at least , points out the failure of this treatment in the specific case , the article itself studiously avoids commitment to a general conclusion , instead seeking refuge in the limp label “ controversial ” .
I have experienced the effects of this policy for myself .
On one occasion last year , I read an article in my local newspaper credulously touting a chiropractic back massager that was claimed to be able to treat carpal tunnel syndrome and asthma , among other conditions .
This article did not provide even a shred of skeptical balance , and aside from promoting these quack notions , added nonsensical claims such as that this technology was used by NASA to test the integrity of heat - resistant tiles on spacecraft ( and that has what to do with curing asthma , exactly ? ) .
I wrote to the reporter to complain , and she responded in a way that made it clear she had no idea what the problem was .
Her response basically boiled down to saying that there was a “ controversy ” among doctors as to whether back - adjustment techniques worked for treating problems that have nothing to do with the back , it was n’t proven that this device was not efficacious , and how did I really know it did n’t work , anyway ?
In this case , not only did the illusion of balance give undeserved attention to quackery , it served as a convenient excuse for a reporter who had no knowledge of medical science to write about this device without having to go to the trouble to check up on its claims for herself .
As with many evils , the road to this particular hell was paved with good intentions .
This illusion of balance arose from a desire for journalistic integrity and objectivity , to ensure that readers had a chance to view all sides of an argument so that they could decide for themselves .
This , in and of itself , is a noble goal .
The problem is that journalists are being taught that their articles must be balanced even when the facts are not balanced .
The result is a situation where objectivity is taken to its most ludicrous extreme , where all points of view must be treated as equally valid regardless of whether that is what the evidence supports .
Other observers have noticed this trend .
For example , former vice president Al Gore lambasted the media ’s surrender to spin in a 2001 lecture series at Columbia ’s journalism school :
Gore ’s first lecture engaged objectivity itself , challenging the journalistic trope that fairness resides in controversy and an article has to represent all sides — no matter how marginal — equally .
Instead ,
Gore argued that the journalistic impulse to exalt even the most fringe views to parity in order to furnish opposing perspectives is harmful to basic accuracy .
This did n’t sit well with more than a few of the wannabe reporters in the class , many of whom were aghast at the suggestion that the media should attempt to actually mediate between truth and spin .
And Chris Mooney , himself a reporter ( but one of the good ones ! ) , writes in his book The Republican War on Science about a 2004 paper published in the journal Global Environmental Change .
Despite a broad consensus among practicing climate scientists that global warming is real and is caused by human activity , this study surveyed over 600 articles published in several major newspapers between 1988 and 2002 and found that over 50 % gave equal credence to the industry view that global warming is simply the result of natural climate fluctuations ( a conclusion , by the by , that is not supported by any peer - reviewed publications ) .
Nowhere could the illusion of balance be more obvious .
This lazy and credulous reporting harms society at large because it deprives people of the context they need to make an informed decision .
There are many groups who do not need to prevail outright in public debate , but can achieve their goals simply by muddying the waters and creating a widespread perception of controversy and confusion : for example , creationists who call for “ teaching the controversy ” , or industry groups , such as tobacco companies or petroleum lobbies , seeking to avoid regulation by asserting that the evidence is not strong enough to support action .
In seeking to create “ balance ” , the media has played right into their hands .
As Mooney puts it , “ many journalists reporting on science issues fall easy prey to sophisticated public relations campaigns ” ( p.252 ) .
What will it take to cut through this illusion of balance and restore true objectivity that pays heed to facts and not just to opinions ?
It will require reporters to know something about their subject matter and evaluate the evidence in order to draw an informed and accurate conclusion , rather than taking the lazy route of pasting together quotes from two opposing sides into a context - free and uninformative “ he said / she said ” - type article .
It will require reporters to identify minority opinions as such and mainstream opinions as such , to contrast views that attract scientific support with those that do not , and to accurately convey to their readers what the state of the art is and what consensus has been reached by qualified experts .
It will require reporters to inform their readers when there is a genuine controversy over some issue and when there is nothing but a phony controversy drummed up by ideologues and zealots .
In short , it will take a media whose aim is truly to get at the heart of a matter and find the truth , not the complacent and detached media we have today that is content to uncritically repeat spin .
There are already some good reporters out there , true journalists who are not afraid to tell it like it is – we can hope that the rest will in time learn to follow their example .
Generation Netz - Naiv Stefan Weber
Zweifelhafte Informationen in einem Bestseller und ein vermutliches Plagiat im Spiegel verweisen auf den schmalen Grat zwischen schlechter Internet - Recherche und Plagiat
Wie gut , dass die Autoren des aktuellen Bestsellers " Generation Doof " gleich im Vorwort klarstellen , selbst zur Generation Doof zu gehören .
Insofern kann man ihnen jene Praktiken kaum vorwerfen , die BILDblog jetzt aufgedeckt hat : Haben die Autoren für ihr Buch schlecht recherchiert oder sogar plagiiert ?
So oder so - bezeichnend für die " Generation Doof " ist die unhinterfragte , quellenunkritische Übernahme jedweder Information aus dem Internet : das Zusammenfallen von Netzinformation und Wirklichkeit .
In den vergangenen Tagen geisterte die Sequenz als Leitbeispiel für die Vertrottelung der Deutschen durch zahlreiche Medien : Eine Kandidatin der RTL - Show " Wer wird Millionär ? " habe sich bei der Frage , wie der Vorname von " George W. Bush " heißt , für " Edmund " entschieden .
Die " Readers Edition " hievte das Fallbeispiel gar auf den Olymp der Mediengeschichte :
Zum Schreien komisch in die Mediengeschichte eingegangen ist jene Jauch - Kandidatin , die so nicht Millionärin werden konnte .
Sie hatte es aber auch schwer , als sie nach dem Vornamen von George W. Bush gefragt wurde .
Die vier Möglichkeiten a ) Peter , b) Edmund , c ) Torgen , d) George waren für sie zwei zu viel .
Aber auch die beiden Antwortmöglichkeiten b) Edmund , d) George überforderten sie .
Also fragte sie das Publikum .
Das entschied sich zu 42 Prozent für Edmund und zu 58 Prozent für George .
Daraus zog sie den Kurzschluss , dass Georg W. Bush nur Edmund mit Vornamen heißen könne .
Readers Edition
Bild.de und Kölner Stadt - Anzeiger zogen mit .
In der gestrigen Kerner - Show tauchte das Beispiel erneut auf , allerdings mit Kerners kleinlauter Abschwächung " wenn 's denn wirklich so war " .
Denn augenscheinlich steht seit längerem fest , dass das Beispiel auf einem Internet - Fake basiert , der hier zu finden ist - samt Diskussion , ob der Fall nun authentisch ist oder nicht .
Von BILDblog wurde der Fake - Charakter der Screenshots bereits vor knapp einem Jahr geoutet .
Die " Generation Google " ist nicht der Fortschritt , sondern das Problem
Dass aus Internet - Fakes Fakten werden , ist kein Einzelfall .
Die Generation Doof ( hier : der Journalisten und Buchautoren ) ist wohl auch eine , der ein kritisches Evaluieren von Netzinformationen fremd ist , welche die Idee der " Originalquelle " für einen verschrobenen Anachronismus hält und die eigentlich alles für bare Münze nimmt , was auf YouTube oder sonstwo im Web 2.0 zu finden ist .
Aktuelle internationale Studien wie etwa jene zur " Google - Generation " ( genauer Titel : Information Behaviour of the Researcher of the Future ) warnen vor einem krassen Defizit an " web literacy " bei der jungen Generation und fordern nationale Programme zur Anhebung der Informationskompetenz , beginnend an den Schulen .
Hierzulande wird dieses Problem kaum gesehen - das Gegenteil ist der Fall .
So lobte - sofern der " Kölner Stadt - Anzeiger " korrekt zitiert hat - Cordula Avenarius von der Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes gerade eben ausdrücklich die Generation Google ( - Copy - Paste ) :
Vielleicht können heute junge Leute nicht mehr so viel auswendig rezitieren .
Aber dafür haben sie Auslandserfahrung und wissen , wie man sich Wissen durch zwei Klicks im Internet beschafft .
Cordula Avenarius
Dass dieses " Wissen durch zwei Klicks " , die " information at your fingertips " zu großen Teilen genau das Problem ist , wird konsequent ausgeblendet .
Vielleicht , weil es der EU - Leitideologie widerspricht , wonach mehr Vernetzung prinzipiell gut ist ?
Dass Netzinformation und Wirklichkeit für die " Generation Doof " zusammenfallen und das Bewusstsein für Quellen ( transparenz ) schwindet , bestätigt auch die Lektüre des Buchs " Generation Doof " : Auf Seite 8 f. beschreiben die Autoren eine Befragung von Kandidatinnen für die " Miss Ostdeutschland " - Wahl von 2004 , bei der die jungen Damen zu doof waren , in einer Deutschlandkarte die Grenze zwischen Westen und Osten einzuzeichnen .
Offenbar ironiefrei internetgläubig loben die Autoren hier YouTube als Aufdecker des Missstands :
Die Angelegenheit hätte wohl auch keine weitere Beachtung gefunden , wenn Chad Hurley , Steve Chen und Jawed Karim nicht just einen Monat später die Internetplattform YouTube gegründet hätten .
Doch seitdem man hier seine Abende mit lustigen Videos über den Unfug fremder Leute zubringen kann , ist der geistige Totalausfall der Ost - Schönheiten zu einem Lieblingsclip vieler Internetsurfer geworden .
" Generation Doof " , S. 8 f .
Das YouTube - Video findet sich hier und ist - sofern kein Fake - ein hinterlegter SAT - 1 - Beitrag .
Nun wollen wir hier mal keine akademischen Standards anlegen und ein Originalzitat einfordern .
Aber es spricht doch auch Bände für die Netzgläubigkeit ( oder gegen die Annahme , dass SAT 1 Zuseher hat ) , wenn behauptet wird , die " Angelegenheit " hätte ohne die Gründung von YouTube " keine weitere Beachtung " gefunden .
Screenshot von dem SAT - 1 - Beitrag auf YouTube
Anmerkung : Der performative Widerspruch einer Selbstbeschreibung der " Generation Doof " durch die " Generation Doof " durchzieht das Buch .
Aber alle Fehler sind natürlich verziehen , wenn man selbst Teil des Beschreibungsobjekts ist .
Auch mit der Begriffslogik hapert es mitunter :
So verweist etwa die Formulierung , die " Generation Doof " umfasse unter anderem auch " Eltern , die heute ihren späten Wurf großziehen ( oder kinderlos bleiben ) " , auf das philosophisch schöne Paradoxon kinderloser Eltern ( " Generation Doof " , S. 14 ) usw .
Wie unüberprüfte Web - Informationen zu massenmedialen Wahrheiten werden
Doch es kommt noch dicker : BILDblog hat nicht nur das Beispiel mit dem Vornamen von George W. Bush als Fake enttarnt , sondern behauptet überdies , nahezu alle Beispiele für die dümmsten Antworten bei Fernseh - Quizshows im Buch " Generation Doof " ( und in der Folge von vielen Massenmedien übernommen ) stammten von einer privaten Website , nämlich von Die Unmoralische .
Die Kollektion - ihrerseits durchgängig ohne exakte Quellenangaben wie Sendetermine etc. - wurde zuletzt vor zwei Jahren aktualisiert .
Eine Anfrage beim Betreiber der Website , woher er selbst seine Beispiele habe , blieb bis dato unbeantwortet .
In der Welt der Internet - Recherche wird einem oft der Boden unter den Füßen weggezogen : Was , wenn der Betreiber von unmoralische .de nicht selbst die Beispiele kompiliert hat , sondern er diese bloß von jemand anderem kopiert hat ?
Was , wenn der offensichtliche SAT - 1 - Beitrag über die doofen Missen in Ostdeutschland selbst ein - perfekt gemachter - Fake ist ?
Wenn am Ende das George - Bush - Beispiel doch echt ist ?
Der inhärente Widerspruch erfasst auch den Autor dieses Beitrags , wenn er selbst Blogs zitiert , um Fakes zu enttarnen .
Kriminologisch anmutende Recherchen wären vonnöten , um letzte Zweifel auszuräumen .
Brauchen wir eine ( bitte nicht - staatliche ) " Wissenspolizei " für das Internet ?
Oder ist ohnedies jedes Faktum dreh - und wendbar , ein Medienkonstrukt im Web 2.0 ?
Unabhängig von der erkenntnistheoretischen Präferenz :
In den allermeisten Fällen genügen immer noch Hausverstand und ein genaues Hinsehen .
Wenn Spiegel Online die Washington Post plagiiert ...
So wie etwa im folgenden Beispiel .
Schön , dass in Blogs nicht nur Contentklau betrieben wird ( Contentklau in Blogs und anderswo ) , sondern diese auch - wie etwa BILDblog - Contentklau aufdecken .
Ein aktueller Vorwurf in einem
Blog wird hoffentlich nicht folgenlos bleiben für die Diskussion um journalistische Qualität : Keinem geringeren als dem Washington - Korrespondenten des Spiegel , Gregor Peter Schmitz ( laut Spiegel in Harvard promoviert ) , wird vorgeworfen , erhebliche Teile eines Berichts über den US - Präsidentenwahlkampf vom 18 .
Februar 2008 von einem Artikel in der Washington
Post plagiiert zu haben , der bereits am 8 .
Oktober 2007 erschienen ist .
Die im Blog nachgewiesenen Übersetzungsplagiatsstellen sind jedenfalls entlarvend .
Die Redaktion von Spiegel Online hat nach Bekanntwerden der ersten Vorwürfe im Blog im Artikel noch einmal Hand angelegt .
Nun findet sich am Ende des Artikels folgendes Statement : " Hinweis : Für diesen Text wurde in mehreren Passagen auf einen Artikel der ' Washington Post ' Bezug genommen .
Die ' Washington Post ' wurde auch als Quelle zitiert , nach Ansicht einiger Leser wurde allerdings nicht deutlich genug , welche Informationen von der ' Washington Post ' übernommen wurden .
Die betreffenden Stellen wurden nun entsprechend gekennzeichnet . "
Es mag nun jeder Leser selbst überprüfen , inwieweit durch diesen Hinweis und durch einige Einfügungen " laut Washington Post " im Fließtext dieser plagiatsfrei geworden ist .
... passiert das offensichtlich nicht das erste Mal
Es ist dies nicht der erste Fall dieser
Art beim Spiegel , bei dem ein Autor lediglich eine Vor -Ort - Recherche simuliert , aber weite Teile abgeschrieben oder zumindest bloß ergoogelt hat .
Ein weiterer pikanter Fall , bei dem " Spiegel Online " offenbar von einer britischen Fernseh - Dokumentation unzitiert abgeschrieben hat , wird hier geschildert .
Ein dritter Fall in der Spiegel - Printausgabe betrifft einen ergoogelten Bericht , der aber Vor -Ort - Präsenz suggeriert .
Fälle dieser
Art häufen sich insgesamt im Journalismus .
Einer wurde auch vom Wikipedia - Aktivisten Mathias Schindler veröffentlicht , und viele weitere befinden sich hier .
Was setzen Journalistenausbildungsstätten und Redaktionen dieser Entwicklung entgegen ?
Freilich gilt , wie immer im Netz , die Einschränkung : Der gestern bekannt gewordene neue Fall ist eine Blamage für Spiegel Online - aber wirklich nur dann , wenn der Artikel der Washington Post kein Fake ist.
( Stefan Weber )
Sarkozy : " A decisive moment for the future of a civilised internet "
Those illegally sharing files will face the loss of their net access thanks to a newly - created anti-piracy body granted the wide - ranging powers .
The anti-piracy body comes out of a deal agreed by France 's music and movie makers and its net firms .
The group who brokered the deal said the measures were intended to curb casual piracy rather than tackle large scale pirate groups .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the deal was a " decisive moment for the future of a civilised internet " .
Net firms will monitor what their customers are doing and pass on information about persistent pirates to the new independent body .
Those identified will get a warning and then be threatened with either being cut off or suspended if they do not stop illegal file - sharing .
The agreement between net firms , record companies , film - makers and government was drawn up by a special committee created to look at the problem of the net and cultural protection .
Denis Olivennes , head of the French chain store FNAC , who chaired the committee said current penalties for piracy - large fines and years in jail - were " totally disproportionate " for those young people who do file - share illegally .
In return for agreeing to monitor net use , film - makers agreed to speed up the transfer of movies to DVD and music firms pledged to support DRM - free tracks on music stores .
The deal was hailed by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) , which represents the global interests of the music business .
" This is the single most important initiative to help win the war on online piracy that we have seen so far , " it said in a statement .
French consumer group UFC Que Choisir was more cautious .
It said the agreement was " very tough , potentially destructive of freedom , anti-economic and against digital history " .
Can this help you to retire ?
See more marine mammal pictures .
Photo courtesy Flickr | Peter Kaminski
In December 2006 , a woman in New York who received a gift of a large mass of some sort of waxy substance began hoping against hope that it would turn out to be that rare " floating gold " of the sea : whale vomit .
Her sister sent her the 4 - pound ( 1.8 - kg ) glob , found on a beach 50 years before , as a holiday gift .
No one knew what it was , and whale vomit -- or what some say is really more like a whale gallstone -- was suggested as a possibility .
But identifying it as whale vomit , or ambergris , is a daunting task .
If it does turn out to be ambergris , the gift could be worth up to $ 20,000 .
Ambergris is an ingredient in fine perfumes .
It has what some describe as an inconceivably " smooth " scent .
Some say it 's musky , earthy , sweet , or simply indescribable .
Aside from its unique odor , it has the trait of causing a scent to stick -- in perfumes , it causes the scent to bind to the surface of the skin and stick around , instead of quickly evaporating .
Ambergris forms in the intestines of a sperm whale .
The whale throws it up because it apparently can't digest it .
Scientist have found squid beaks in clumps of ambergris , leading many to surmise the ambergris is something of a protective secretion that protects sperm whales ' digestive tracts from the scratching of those hard beaks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
When a whale initially vomits up ambergris , it is soft and has a terrible smell .
Some marine biologists compare it to scented cow dung .
But after floating on the salty ocean for about a decade , the substance hardens into a smooth , waxy , usually rounded piece of nostril heaven .
The dung smell is gone , replaced by a scent that has been famous for hundreds of years , probably more .
In addition to its use in the perfume industry , it is said to be an aphrodisiac , a homeopathic remedy , and an excellent flavoring for food .
And it 's a collector 's item -- ambergris is in short supply .
No other whale besides sperm whales produce it , and when the whale burps it up , it 's somewhere in the middle of the ocean .
Someone finds a piece of the stuff on a beach somewhere every few years , tops .
That makes it extremely valuable , but not in the way it once was .
Chemists have replicated some of the traits of ambergris synthetically , making it a less necessary component in perfumes .
But it 's still valuable for its rarity , and certain perfume makers still insist on it .
In some countries , including the United States , endangered - species legislation makes it illegal to buy or sell the stuff .
Of course , that only makes it more desirable in certain circles .
Experts quote the current going rate for ambergris at about $ 10 to $ 20 per gram , depending on its quality .
But legal issues can make it difficult to find a buyer , depending on where the ambergris washes up .
Identifying the ambergris is the hard part .
Most of the time , when people go to an expert with a chunk of a waxy substance they found on a beach , sure they 've hit the jackpot , it turn out to be wax or rocks or the petrified remains of an animal .
Ambergris is white , gray , black , or all three .
It has a hard , waxy texture and an unusual , pleasant smell .
Aside from that , there 's not much to go on .
But there are a couple of tests that you can perform at home to find out if you should even bring that waxy substance to an expert in the first place .
Needle test
Heat a needle over a flame for 15 seconds , and then insert it about an eighth of an inch ( .3 cm ) into the substance .
Does it melt around the needle into a pool of thick , black , bubbling liquid ?
When you touch that liquid , do you end up with a stringy , tar - like residue on your finger ?
When you reheat the needle , covered in the melted substance , does it let off a white smoke ?
Methyl - alcohol testDoes a sample of the substance dissolve in hot methyl alcohol and crystallize when the alcohol cools ?
If the substance passes those tests , the next ones take place in a lab .
Chemists will test for benzoic acid and cholesterol in the sample .
If the amounts are indicative of ambergris , it will usually be tentatively confirmed as ambergris at this time , although perfume companies will typically order more chemical tests before purchasing the would - be whale vomit .
Some experts , though , say that the only test that can absolutely identify ambergris is extensive experience with the look , feel and scent of it .
To learn more about ambergris and related topics , check out the links on the next page .
10 Gadgets we wish were real instead of reel
by Dhiram Shah
It ’s been ages since any new movie has caught our imagination , earlier movies would excite us because we knew those things could n’t be done , & that fact alone would at least make us wonder as to how it was done visually .
Its unlikely that today you would find anything that is n’t touched by some digital graphics application .
Perhaps its part of growing up that makes us love our fantasies of childhood or the knowledge that now - a - days computers do all the work .
Regardless we thought we would make a list of ‘ NEW ’ technologies presented to us from the Technicolor period to the awesomely cool Digital films & that still stick in our hearts .
No 10 – Hover board ( Back to the Future 2 & 3 )
This device is for those of us who hate the traffic jams & want to break free of driving an SUV to work when for the most time it ’s sitting at the parking lot .
A hover board is a skate board but like its name suggests hovers above the ground at a short height .
This would specially be useful when there ’s too much rush at the elevator when returning home , you can just drop your hover board and jump right out your window .
Anti gravity will cushion the fall and you can just go hovering over traffic back home .
This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness .
wikiHow 's Content Management
Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high quality standards .
This article has been viewed 209,177 times .
X
To do the worm , start by getting into a basic push - up position with your hands under your shoulders and toes pressed into the floor .
When you 're ready , kick your legs up and back behind you and arch your back .
As you arch your back , rock forward onto your stomach and kick your legs straight while pushing up with your hands .
Once you 've kicked your legs straight , lift your butt up into the air .
Finally , land back on your toes and repeat .
To learn how to practice doing the worm so you get better at it , scroll down !
The mirror of the European Extremely Large Telescope ( ELT ) will be 42 meters wide -- four times bigger than any in existence .
It is slated to go online in 2017 .
New telescopes expected to come online in the next decade could uncover clues about how the first galaxies formed , determine whether Earth - like planets are common around other stars and provide new insight into our solar system 's murky history , scientists say .
Instruments such as the Atacama Large Millimeter Array ( ALMA ) , the Expanded Very Large Array , the European Extremely Large Telescope and the Giant Segmented Mirror Telescope could answer these questions and raise new ones , scientists said at the " Astrophysics in the Next Decade " conference in Tucson , Arizona , last month .
The instrument many scientists are most excited about , however , is NASA 's James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) , hailed as the successor to Hubble and set to launch in 2013 .
Together , these next - generation telescopes could open a window into a mysterious period of our universe 's early history .
Scientists currently have a good picture of the early universe about a million years after the Big Bang and about a billion years later , when the first galaxies appear .
" But we are missing some pages in this photo album in - between , and those are the most exciting pages of how the very first light formed in the very first galaxies , " said Avi Loeb , a theorist at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
Finding galactic building blocks
The new instruments should not only be able to glimpse these primordial galaxies , but also determine their chemical compositions and map the motions of their stars and gases .
The JWST should theoretically be capable of peering back to a cosmic time before galaxies , when only their building blocks existed .
This information could help reveal how galaxies are built .
The current picture scientists have of galaxy formation is crude and incomplete , said Alan Dressler of the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
" There are big round balls of stars that we call ellipticals , and on the other end of the spectrum there are spiral galaxies like the one we live in , " Dressler said .
It was once thought ellipticals are made by merging two spiral galaxies together , but recent evidence suggests this is a very oversimplified picture .
" JWST will be the first glimpse at what these building blocks look like , " Dressler said .
" It will find them and make some measurements of the star formation rate .
Then with ALMA , we 'll be able to study the gas content of these building blocks , and finally with the 30 - meter telescopes , we 'll be able to understand how they 're being assembled into galaxies . "
Beyond galaxies
Next - gen telescopes could also help uncover new Earth - like planets orbiting distant stars .
" We have a very exciting opportunity in the next decade for exoplanets , " said Sara Seager , a planet hunter at MIT .
The JWST could uncover Earth - like planets that pass in front of , or " transit , " their parent stars .
Current instruments such as NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope are best at spotting large gas giant transiting planets several times the size of Jupiter .
Because JWST will be more sensitive than Spitzer , it will be able to spot smaller planets , and also measure their atmospheric signatures , their temperatures and sizes , something that Spitzer has succeeded in doing for only a small number of exoplanets .
The new telescopes will also be a boon for solar system scientists , said David Jewett of the University of Hawaii , as they will allow for detailed studies of Kuiper Belt Objects , ancient remnants of the solar system 's birth that lie in a ring beyond the orbit of Neptune .
" The JWST and ALMA will be sensitive to thermal radiation from Kuiper Belt Objects , so we can detect the heat from these things even though they 're fantastically cold and fantastically far away , " Jewett said .
The dream telescope
Asked what her " dream telescope " would be , Seager said she wanted a bigger , badder version of the Terrestrial Planet Finder , a NASA mission designed to detect Earth - sized planets but currently in limbo due to lack of funding .
Jewett voted for a monster general - purpose telescope that could be used to probe many different scientific questions .
" We certainly do n't know the next generation of questions that we need to ask , " he said .
Others in the panel were content with what they already had .
" It 's not disingenuous to say that for some of us , the James Webb Space Telescope is the dream telescope , " Dressler said .
Quebec provincial police say they 've dismantled a computer hacking network that targeted unprotected personal computers around the world .
Police raided several homes across Quebec on Wednesday and arrested 16 people in their investigation , which they say uncovered the largest hacking scam in Canadian history .
The hackers collaborated online to attack and take control of as many as one million computers around the world that were not equipped with anti-virus software or firewalls , said provincial police captain Frederick Gaudreau .
" That way , they were able to introduce some Trojans or worms in those computers , and that way they were able to take control of the computers from abroad , " he said at a Montreal news conference on Wednesday .
The majority of computers attacked by the network were in Poland and Brazil , but some PCs in Manitoba and the United States were also hacked , he said .
Several government computers were also compromised , but investigators will not say in which country .
The computers were used to set up fake websites that solicited users to click on them and provide personal information , Gaudreau said .
Police wo n't reveal what the information was used for but investigators estimate that the network profited by as much as $ 45 million .
The 14 suspects arrested Wednesday are between the ages of 17 and 26 , and face charges related to the unauthorized use of computers .
By FAY WELDON
Last updated at 16:57 07 December 2007
Forgive me for being blunt , but if a generation of our young womanhood has taken to binge drinking , Saturday night sluttishness and " happy - slappings " , I blame the Spice Girls .
There are one or two other factors , I dare say , such as the cult of consumerism , the decline of religion , easy credit , alco - pops , morning - after pills and the rest : but , if we 're going to look for scapegoats , Posh , Ginger , Sporty , Baby and Scary are , surely , obvious candidates .
Though some will no doubt disagree , and argue that the Spice Girls are simply a slice of bubblegum pop history , I believe the aspirations and attitudes of these five women go hand - in - hand with the decline of our culture over the past decade .
Scroll down for more ...
Think back to those brilliant , suggestive , addictive pop songs of ten years back , when they swept across the nation 's playgrounds : " Well it 's a Saturday night , You know the feeling is right , Do n't you know we 'll get so high . "
Yeah !
Grope , vomit , whoops : are n't we having fun ?
A decade on , the message has seeped deep into the culture , with the results plain for all to see on every High Street on , yes , any Saturday night .
At first blush , of course , it was hard not to be seduced by those five perfectly branded young women .
They were brash and sassy , and seemed to be driven by an unstoppable energy and a spirit of independence that defied the male race .
Looking back , alarm bells should have been ringing loud and clear .
But , then , hindsight is a wonderful thing .
What we thought was the ultimate triumph of feminism was , in fact , its death knell .
Girl Power was a sham , and its five proponents nothing more than desperate wannabes , not much better than today 's reality TV stars , desperate for a quick fix of fame .
Now they 're on tour again , soaring above the world in their specially chartered Boeing 747 , along with their crëches and their entourage .
But this time around the image they project is obviously and entirely contrived , with all that youthful zest replaced by weary cynicism .
Scroll down for more ...
The difference between those five breezily - sexual , energetic , bouncy girls singing about Girl Power ten years back and the five sugar - coated , air - brushed , painfully - thin , desperate mums - on - tour is clear to see .
Seeing them strutting about the stage in weird Bacofoil - style corsets - like trussed - up festive turkeys - in Canada this week , I found myself wishing this reunion had never taken place .
I was embarrassed for them .
I also feel embarrassed for myself .
And for feminism and for Britain , whose flag has become far too synonymous with Spice Girl glory ever since Geri wore that dress nearly a decade ago .
I 'm embarrassed for them because , despite the fact that they already have so much , they are still desperately clinging on by their brittle , lacquered acrylic nails to the fame which they so craved when they were young , and the hunger for which , it seems , has still not sated them .
All the riches and fame in the world would n't be enough to feed that hunger .
Somehow , they make rather a pathetic spectacle , these Spice Women ( no longer Spice Girls ) clinging to youth , celebrity , a tiny bum , and the fading memory of a fabulous and fortuitous meeting with the then zeitgeist , when they sang about friends and love - and all the little girls ( and the big ones , too ) sang along .
It all seemed so empowering at the time : the idea that girls should take charge of their own sexuality .
But did anyone stop to think what would happen next ?
Now , with the dubious privilege of hindsight , we have the answer .
For a start , we are now living in the Age of Easy Couplings .
What chance did formal sex education have when faced with the catchy lyrics - written by men , of course - that told young girls to indulge in such things as " weekend love " and encouraged " playing games " ?
What it did of course was to separate love from sex .
The Spice Girls killed romance .
Their singable , suggestive lyrics took away the innocence of the playground - or at least what was left of it .
And it 's never coming back .
They turned difficult love into temporary sex , and reduced female aspiration to a series of consumer choices .
They turned little girls into paedophile bait , and in doing so they helped destroy our concept of childhood .
And why am I embarrassed for myself ?
Because I admit I once rather liked the Spice Girls .
Five seemingly enthusiastic , hard - working young women given names that sounded as if they had been plucked from a range of lipsticks by their Pygmalion manager , Simon Fuller .
The Spice Girls did n't , honestly , have much talent of their own , except for Mel C with her lovely voice and her songwriting skills .
And she 's the one who has aged best , looks most human , is still most likeable .
The others , as time goes on , seem to have dieted and airbrushed themselves into what they think men want : fearful of turning back into the naturally pretty , unpretentious young girls they originally were before the pop industry cast its greedy eye on them .
With the Spice Girls came the " Because I 'm worth it " culture .
Implicit in this was the idea that all men were idiots - crass bumbling fools : an idea reinforced and exploited by ad agencies trying to sell , for example , cars to women .
" Dump the boyfriend , the car 's more fun " ran the slogans .
But however much one laments the damage they caused , at least the Spice Girls had their moment - their desperately longed - for appointment with destiny .
I do n't think that will happen this time round .
Ten years on , those bouncy , slightly unkempt girls are wives and mothers .
In readiness for their money - spinning world tour , they have been hammered into a kind of robotic perfection , every curve calculated and every move choreographed .
But every smile seems false ; every gesture of togetherness suspect .
Look long and hard and it seems as if at any moment the lacquer is about to crack and peel .
With their tumbling hair , spiced - up smiles and carved cheekbones , the girls who once raged about Girl Power now seem desperate for male approval .
They may brandish the whips and tight leather costumes of the S&M dungeon on stage , but the act just comes across as risible .
Victoria , the bad - tempered one who wo n't smile , can't smile , pouts her mouth and squeezes her tiny frame into bondage gear .
But in the end , it 's just embarrassing .
The attempt at eroticism does n't work .
For all the lighting tricks and clever camera angles ( or , indeed , perhaps because of them ) , it remains as sexy as secondrate soft porn .
Each to their own , I suppose ; except they 've got five children between them .
Sexy strip - teases , I ask you !
Of the five of them , two are married ( one of those for the second time and not to the father of her baby ) , one is a single mother , and two have long - term partners .
According to the rumour mill , chickenpox has struck on the tour .
It must be dreadful in that 747 .
Well , what did the feminists think would happen ?
That these girls would n't have messy relationships and have to drag their kids round the world so they could go to work ?
At the end of the day , a working mother 's a working mother .
In the cotton mills 150 years ago , toddlers crawled about the dusty factory floors .
Now it's on the aircraft floor , up and down the aisle .
What 's the difference ?
Not a lot , except these working mothers have a lot more money and would n't starve if they put their feet up and stayed at home for the rest of their lives .
I 'm saddened for the feminist movement because Posh , Ginger , Sporty , Baby and Scary were once meant to be Girl Power role models - independent , sexy , high achievers .
And now look at them .
There 's a feminist country - and - western song by Deanna Carter , " Did I shave my legs for this ? " in which a young wife heads for the door , tired of her couch - potato husband .
Similarly , faced with what has become of the Spice Girls , I am inclined to say " Did I take off my wedding ring for this ? " - which I did , back in the Seventies , out of fellow feeling for the way any woman over 30 was made to feel inferior if she did n't have one .
All those old gestures seem pointless in retrospect .
The inheritance has been squandered .
So I 'm embarrassed for the feminists , clinging on to the dream of a proud , equal , serious society , where justice ruled and lasses did n't throw away their hard - won equality in the pubs and clubs , puking up their resentments on the shoes of paramedics trying to help them out of the gutter .
Those little girls who first listened to the Spice Girls ten years ago are the ones who are now running up vast credit card bills on designer shopping they can't afford .
They are the ones who are anorexic or bulimic ( just like Geri was ) .
They are the ones who are fuelling a rise in sexual diseases the like of which we have n't seen for generations .
And I 'm embarrassed for the nation because , thanks to Geri 's famous Union Jack dress , worn back in the heady days of Blair 's New Cool Britannia , and worn once again on stage this week , the Spice Girls remain " our " representatives .
Just like them , we 're clinging to one - time glory , to the time when British Airways really was the world 's favourite airline , England could beat Croatia at football , and the Spice Girls were the biggest pop group on the planet .
But I 'm afraid the world will yawn and sneer at this attempt to resurrect past glories .
An outraged Lou Dobbs slams Bush , Pentagon for using private security contractors David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Tuesday October 30 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
In an explosive monologue lambasting President Bush and the Pentagon as " ignorant " for implementing a policy of using private security firms as protection for troops in Iraq , CNN 's Lou Dobbs said the US military should be " mortified and embarrassed . "
The extended outburst followed a story from the network 's Jamie McIntyre , who reported that US Army Brigadier General Jeffrey Dorko was wounded in Iraq on Monday when his vehicle was hit by an IED explosion .
He is the highest ranking officer yet injured in such an incident .
" He was in a convoy that was protected by a private security firm , one indication of the over - stretched US troops , " said McIntyre , who noted that the security contractor in question was a British firm and not affiliated with the Blackwater company .
" A brigadier general , US military forces , in a convoy protected by a private security contractor ? " asked Dobbs later .
" An indication of how stretched ?
It is also an indication of how just ignorant the Pentagon leadership , the general staff is , this president , this commander in chief and the civilian leadership , that we have US military being protected by private security forces ... "
His voice rising , Dobbs blamed senior military leaders for making a grave error in judgment , in his opinion .
" Is there any sense of shame and embarrassment in that Pentagon ? " he asked .
When McIntyre pointed out that many private contractors are themselves former US military veterans , Dobbs cut him off : " I do n't care what they 're former , " Dobbs said .
" They are private security forces being employed to protect men and women in uniform who are making a heck of a lot less money than they are to put their lives on the line in combat .
This is obscene , Jamie . "
" All I 'm saying is , the United States military , its leadership , should be mortified and embarrassed , " he continued later .
Told by McIntyre that the Pentagon had n't yet made any apologies for their policy , Dobbs called on President Bush to do so .
" Well then we have a president who needs to ... reverse course on this policy , this is utter , complete , shameless disrespect for every tradition and value of this country , " he said .
" And frankly , in my opinion , " Dobbs told McIntyre , who was reporting from the Pentagon , " it is an absolute disregard for the values of the men and women who have served in that very building you 're reporting from . "
The following video is from CNN's Lou Dobbs Tonight , broadcast on October 29 , 2007 .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Think you 're smart ?
Take the FREE IQ Test now .
If the talented developers who created " Manhunt 2 " put half as much effort into making the game fun as they did shocking , it might be worth picking up .
But this is not the case as this disturbing violent game is simply an average adventure that delivers more kills than thrills -- not to mention some annoying technical glitches that can also mar the experience .
To be clear , " Manhunt 2 " disappoints not because it 's controversial .
In fact , Rockstar Games ' infamous " Grand Theft Auto ' ' games are very entertaining digital diversions even if you strip away the mature theme -- but there 's little substance to be found in this " Manhunt " ' sequel .
Available for the Nintendo Wii , Sony PlayStation 2 and Sony PlayStation Portable , " Manhunt 2 ' ' begins as your character , Dr. Daniel Lamb , escapes the Dixmor Asylum for the Criminally Insane , after being injected with a mysterious drug that unleashes his homicidal tendencies .
Without giving much of the plot away -- yes , there is actually a story here -- Lamb finds himself outside in the real world , beginning with a visit to his now - dilapidated home of his youth .
But not without going on a killing spree first , even though it appears to be out of Lamb 's control , as it's not unusual for him to vomit and utter remorseful words after committing these murders .
This disturbing psychological story is even more controversial on the Nintendo Wii -- not just because the Wii is often considered a family - friendly gaming system -- but because of the Wii's wireless motion - sensing controllers , therefore all of your killing is performed by mimicking the movements with your hands in front of the TV .
This includes stabbing by thrusting the controller forward , slashing up and down or whacking someone over the head with a sledgehammer by moving your arms accordingly .
In fact , this is the toned - down version of " Manhunt 2 ' ' as the game was facing an " Adults Only ' ' rating by the Entertainment Software Rating Board earlier this summer ( now it carries a " Mature " ' rating ) .
Some violent scenes were " blurred " out while others were removed altogether , one of which involved a pair of pliers and someone 's genitals .
But even while wearing a liberal hat ( and freedom of speech T - shirt ) , " Manhunt 2 " does n't really add much outside of its shock value .
Many other video games , such as Konami's " Metal Gear Solid " ' and Ubisoft 's " Splinter Cell " ' series offer similar game - play -- which includes skulking in the shadows to remain undetected , stealthily snuffing out an enemy and carrying the body away to avoid being seen -- but handle it in a smoother and more compelling way .
" Manhunt 2 " also suffers from some technical glitches , such as getting half of Lamb 's body stuck in a dumpster ( and having to load a saved game to continue playing ) or trying to fight a guard but Lamb keeps picking up a body on the floor and tossing it over his shoulder because the game thinks I 'm trying to hide a victim .
" Manhunt 2 " will likely sell like hotcakes because of its media attention , but in the end it only pushes the violence envelope rather than a game - play one .
Be sure to take heed to the " Mature " ' rating in the corner of the box , therefore not suitable for players under the age of 17 .
E-mail to a friend
All About Video Games
Indeed , online currency trading has become a phenomenon here , with a subculture of blogs , books and investing clubs for Japan ’s legions of housewife - traders .
The appeal , many of these women say , lies partly in the potential that online trading offered at least some financial independence for wives who still wanted to dutifully spend their days at home .
Some of the women used their own money , some used their husband ’s , and some used a combination of both .
But by trading , they challenged deeply held social prohibitions in Japan against money , which is often seen here as dirty , especially when earned through market speculation .
“ There are strict taboos against money that is n’t earned with sweat from the brow , ” said Mayumi Torii , a 41 - year - old mother of one who said she earned $ 150,000 since she started margin trading in currencies early last year .
Ms. Torii is one of Japan ’s most famous housewife - traders .
She has written a book on her investing strategies and founded a support group for home traders , the FX Beauties Club , which now has 40 members .
( FX is financial shorthand for “ foreign exchange . ” )
But until her book was released in July , she said , she was afraid to admit even to her friends that she was trading , though her husband knew and approved .
Now she is a regular guest on television programs .
Ms. Torii said she intended to keep trading , despite the recent market setbacks .
She said it was her best chance to “ stand on my own economically , ” a necessity she discovered after her first marriage ended in divorce , and she and her son had to live off her meager savings .
“ I never want to feel that vulnerable again , ” said Ms. Torii , now remarried .
For other women , trading offered a more modest sort of independence , giving them a chance to build up savings separate from their husbands ’ accounts .
Monday , January 28 , 2008
SmugMug ’s Private Pics Are Public
There ’s a massive privacy hole over at photo hosting site SmugMug.com .
The site claims to have over 270 million photos , and as I ’ve failed to convince the site makers this vulnerability is worth fixing , I ’m posting it here now as a warning : you must set photos you want to keep fully private to be password protected , too , not just private ... and even then , we ’re not fully sure it will cover all cases , though in my test that did the job .
Co-editor Tony Ruscoe and I first noticed SmugMug ’s photo saving scheme when pics of Google employee and SmugMug user Niniane Wang were popping up in RSS aggregator Friendfeed.com .
Niniane was shocked when I told her about the security issues at the site , especially the fact that SmugMug does n’t fix this .
To explain what ’s happening so you can judge for yourself if this is worth fixing , here ’s how SmugMug saves galleries and photo sources : they simply iterate the same number ( ID ) in the URL .
You can use a user name as sub - domain or just write “ www ” and it will both work .
Like these gallery URLs , which are public or “ private ” :
http://www.smugmug.com/gallery/1000
http://www.smugmug.com/gallery/1001
...
http://www.smugmug.com/gallery/4210001
http://www.smugmug.com/gallery/4210002
etc. ...
Or these partly public , partly “ private ” photo sources :
http://www.smugmug.com/photos/10000-M.jpg
http://www.smugmug.com/photos/10001-M.jpg
...
http://www.smugmug.com/photos/247000001-M.jpg
http://www.smugmug.com/photos/247000002-M.jpg
etc. ...
Tech blogger Andy Baio , who I asked for a comment on this , put it this way : “ Oof , that ’s awful .
And it ’s unbelievable that they do n’t realize that it ’s a security hole . ”
He added , “ Smugmug ’s users deserve to know their private photos are n’t private , and as soon as possible . ”
It took Andy only 15 seconds to launch and configure a Firefox download manager extension of his to start downloading 10,000 partly public , partly “ private ” photos of good resolution ( 10,000 being an arbitrary limit he picked , as he could have downloaded more ) .
In my own tests of downloading just private galleries , I saw many mundane photos like vacation pics or animals , but also rarer pics of people skinny dipping , posing in the bed room with lingerie , modeling for artistic nude photos and so on .
( And whatever you may think of these subject matters , their owners apparently tried to set them private for a reason . )
Now , SmugMug says they want to keep these private gallery URLs shareable , so that ’s why they are still public in some way , and that they just do n’t get linked from the homepage .
But anyone with user security in mind will know that you ca n’t just iterate a predictable number if you want to keep these URLs even remotely safe – you would need to use a randomized string ( GUID ) for saving ... something along the lines of the following ( the specific length needed is debatable ) :
http://smugmug.com/gallery/20080128-ewi23wqo23sdjisdoi2w
At the moment , pictures which are not set to password protection but are clearly set to be private – even if other help labels explain that it ’s just supposed to keep photos from showing up on the user homepage , the setting name is “ public yes / no ” and the gallery will be labeled “ private ” if you activate this ( see red font in screenshot below ) – are public .
You ca n’t directly see all the private pics knowing a specific user name ( as that would require you to first download all galleries of SmugMug ) , but you can still grab thousands over thousands of random private pics .
Talking to some SmugMug users , I found out that some realize “ private ” pics are n’t really hard to find and that they made use of the password protection , while others were surprised that one could find these pics .
Failing to convince SmugMug this is an issue worth fixing
When I emailed SmugMug support to alert them of this issue , they got back to me to tell me this is “ expected behavior ” in order to keep galleries shareable .
Which would still be the case if they were using GUIDs , except then the galleries would n’t be shared with the whole world , potentially !
I was stuck in a long thread with them trying to convince them .
Here are some of their answers – from their first reply :
Thanks for writing .
This is expected behaviour .
A private gallery just means that that gallery will not show up on your Smugmug homepage but it is accessible by knowing the direct URL to it .
You do have the option of turning off external links so that no one can link to an individual photo .
You may also password protect galleries so that no one can access them without a password .
After two more emails of mine , their second reply :
This is correct and is how private galleries work .
A user needs the access key ( the specific URL ) in order to access the gallery or image within the gallery but that gallery will not be visible on your Smugmug homepage .
By now , I was talking to another support person already , and he even told me he ’d escalate it to reply .
Here ’s some of what he said :
The photos you see in the manner below are public – ANYone can find it by search and browse :)
I told the support person that while he was referring to public photos , which indeed do pop up in the same matter , the issue was that private photos pop up as well !
Writing again , I get this reply :
“ Private ” means it wo n’t be on the homepage .
If you want them to not be found in this manner you describe , then you set SmugIslands to “ no ” and you can set a gallery password , or site password , in addition to disabling originals , and external links .
I continuously asked SmugMug for confirmations that all this is expected behavior , and was always surprised when they emphasized it is .
By now , I really tried to go from support to CEO though .
I told them that they should call their boss , that they should use GUIDs , that I was preparing a blog post on this , that one could see e.g. “ private ” galleries of people skinny dipping , that they should hire a security consultant and so on .
After some time , here ’s what the SmugMug CEO Don MacAskill replied :
I ’m the CEO & Chief Geek at SmugMug , and I ’m terribly sorry this is so confusing .
Security & privacy are huge issues here at SmugMug , and we take them very seriously .
First of all , we view security and privacy as two separate , but related , issues .
Security is like locking your front door ( no - one can get in with out a key ) and privacy is like closing your window drapes ( no - one can look in from the outside , but you can tell people where you live and they can visit without a key ) .
At SmugMug , the feature you ’re talking about , private galleries , falls under the privacy umbrella , not security .
It ’s intentionally designed so that you can “ tell other people ” about your photos ( share a URL in an email , embed or hyperlink on your blog or message forum , etc ) without having to share something like a password .
Only people you ’ve shared this URL with can find the gallery and / or photos in question .
And that last sentence above is perhaps their main misconception – e.g.
Andy Baio was able to download 10,000 photos , including private ones , without any owner sharing their gallery URL with him ... and anyone else can do the same .
Don however goes on to admit that there ’s a “ loophole ” but says that guessing specific photos is incredibly difficult , and that in fact the problem would become smaller the more photos are getting added to SmugMug .
Don also goes on to admit GUIDs would help :
I ’m in completely agreement , that GUIDs would help greatly here , but I ’m afraid our system was n’t built for GUIDs , and retrofitting our code and database to support GUIDs would be an extremely expensive proposition .
Don said that it ’s not necessarily that they ’re not willing consider doing it , but that mine is the first “ request ” he ’s seen in years to fix this ( SmugMug exists since 2002 ) .
Don also mentioned he wanted to look into other ( unspecified ) issues in the future but it became very clear SmugMug does n’t consider the main issue I brought up with them currently worth fixing .
Later in the mail Don said :
You are , of course , free to blog about our settings – we ’re very open about them and what the tradeoffs for the various options are .
In fact , if you let me know about it , I ’m likely to link to it from my blog .
We ’re also very open to change – nearly every feature , bug fix , and enhancement is driven by customer feedback , like yours .
If our customers ( or potential customers ) asked us to adopt GUIDs because this was a bigger issue than we were aware – we would .
[ Thanks Andy , Niniane , Jason , Scott and Tony ! ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Big thinkers on net neutrality and big players in the war between P2P users and Comcast will face off this Monday at a public hearing at Harvard Law School on " broadband network management practices . "
The Federal Communications Commission has classified the event as an " en banc " meeting .
For people who have not studied legal French , that means that all five FCC Commissioners will attend .
The unusual gathering comes during the last days of an FCC proceeding on whether Comcast has violated agency policy by interfering with P2P applications like BitTorrent , and the Vuze corporation 's request that , if so , " reasonable boundaries " be put on ISP gatekeeper power .
Both Comcast vice president David Cohen and BitTorrent chief technology officer Eric Klinker will speak at the hearing , but on different panels .
Proponents of establishing fair boundaries for Comcast and other ISPs will present at the meeting .
They include MIT professor Daniel Weitzner , Marvin Ammori , general counsel of Free Press , and Columbia Law School professor Timothy Wu , the latter a long time advocate of net neutrality .
In August of 2003 Wu and Stanford professor ( and possible Congressional candidate ) Lawrence Lessig filed a statement with the FCC that warned of trouble ahead without a clear set of network guidelines .
" First , guaranteeing a neutral network eliminates the risk of future discrimination , providing greater incentives to invest in broadband application development today , " they wrote .
" Second , a neutral network facilitates fair competition among applications , ensuring the survival of the fittest , rather than that favored by network bias . "
Harvard Law School professor Yochai Benkler will appear on one of the hearing 's two panels .
Benkler 's best selling book , The Wealth of Networks , also supports net neutrality , but suggests that the policy will not go far enough .
" Network neutrality would keep the physical infrastructure a technical bottleneck , owned by a small number of firms facing very limited competition , " Benkler writes , " with wide legal latitude for using that control to affect the flow of information over their networks . "
Benkler advocates powerful open wireless networks , owned by users , " shared as a commons , and offering no entity a bottleneck from which to control who gets to say what to whom . "
Skeptics of establishing limits on network power will also comment at the hearing , among them Christopher Yoo , whose 2006 essay " Beyond Net Neutrality " argues that the policy " would place the government in the unfortunate position of picking technological winners and losers . "
Wu and Yoo have debated each other in academic journals .
Industry representatives will include Verizon vice president Tom Tauke and Sony Electronics VP Scott Smyers .
Both companies have filed in the P2P proceeding , Verizon against regulation and Sony in favor .
The FCC 's public notice lists Massachusetts state Rep. Daniel E. Bosley ( D ) as a speaker on the event 's first panel .
Rep. Edward Markey ( D - MA ) will make an appearance at the hearing as well .
Two weeks ago Markey submitted his Internet Freedom Preservation Act ( H.R. 5353 ) to the House , which would establish a " national broadband policy " that prohibits " unreasonable discriminatory favoritism for , or degradation of , content by network operators . "
The proposed law would require the FCC to monitor network behavior by holding eight public summits on the problem within a year after enactment of the bill .
The Harvard hearing will open with a technology demonstration presented by Gilles BianRosa , CEO of Vuze .
The FCC will stream audio of the event and archive a video file later ;
Ars will be at the hearing and will have a comprehensive report after it concludes .
The hearing begins at 11 am ( EST ) and will conclude at four .
The FCC 's proceeding on the Comcast / P2P fight is scheduled to conclude on Thursday , February 28th .
But the Progress and Freedom Foundation has requested a two - week extension for filing comments , arguing that interested parties will need more time to respond to remarks and presentations made at Monday 's hearing .
貧しい国の子にも廉価なラップトップを送りたい―
MIT メディアラボ創設者ニコラス・ネグロポンテ氏が2005年に打ち出した野心的なOLPCプロジェクトが、コピーと価格競争で苦境に立たされているようです。WSJが詳細を伝えました。
あまりに素晴らしい発想だったので、我も我もの超廉価パソコンの過当競争となったのが、その要因。相手先国および教育委員会がXOノート以外の廉価製品を買うようになってしまったのです。
XOを手にした児童は現在までにたった2000人。まともな販売契約が取れたのはウルグアイの10万台だけです。氏はペルーも25万台欲しがってると話してますが、口約束で終わったようですし、来年は月100万台生産するようですけど、｢2008年末までに1億5000万ユーザーという氏の目標は実現不能でしょう｣とWSJは予想しています。
100ドルの目標価格が実現できなかったのは生産台数不足とWindows非搭載だったことが原因でしょう。インテルの｢Classmate｣なんてのが出たら、OLPCはひとたまりもありません。
価格が100ドルに抑えられなかったことでリビア、ナイジェリア、パキスタンはClassmateに乗り換えました。XP搭載というのも魅力だったようです。リビア技術諮問委員会会長は｢インテルマシンの方がOLPCよりずっと良い、それだけのことですよ。私の国をこういうマシンのくず置き場にするのは嫌ですから｣と言ってます。結局ここはClassmatesを15万台買いました。
ロシア はAsus製の安価なラップトップ（おそらくEee）を購入。Windowsはマイクロソフトが3ドルで提供したそうです（3ドル！）。
これではネグロポンテ氏も｢半ダースの途上国に1国100万台買うよう説得する当初戦略はあきらめるだろう｣と。今後は米国内の第3世界の次に普及が立ち遅れている地域に対象を変えるのかもしれませんね。
最初9日間の受注数は公式発表では4万5000台です。健闘してますが、｢イニシャルの受注数は500万台から800万台｣と言ってたわけですから、遠く及びません。それでもネグロポンテ氏はめげずに、最近のインタビューでこう語ってます。
｢私はこう見てます。来年末までにライバル各社が作るラップトップが世界に3000万台出回るとしたら、それは私にとっては大成功なんです。…私の目標はラップトップを売ることではありません。OLPCはラップトップビジネスではなく教育ビジネスなのです｣
そうですね。結局ネグロポンテ氏が｢第3世界の子どもたちにも買える100ドルのパソコン作ろう！｣とあれだけ情熱をかけて言い出さなかったら、こうはならなかった。その意味ではXOの売れ行きがどうなろうと、氏の偉業は偉業として評価していかなくてはならないでしょう。
OLPCボランティアチーム・ジャパンのSpikyさんがWSJ全訳してくれました、ありがとうございます！
そちらも是非ご併読ください。↓
■ ｢大いなる志を秘めた小さなラップトップ｣ WSJ記事 | OLPC volunteer team , Japan
[ WSJ via FSJ ]
MATT BUCHANAN（原文／訳：satomi）
【関連記事】 OLPC の携帯発電はここまで進化した
【関連記事】 インド 、100ド ルPCプロジェクトへの協力を断る
【関連記事】 ｢ OLPCities｣：世界中の子どもたちが集う｢セカンド・ライフ｣ゲーム
【関連記事】 米報道番組が流し たOLPC - XOのデモ（動画）
News in Science › Being Human
Row over G spot nears climax
After more than half a century of debate and bedroom exploration , a row about the location of the fabled G spot may be settled at last , research suggests .
The G spot , named after the German gynaecologist Dr Ernst Gräfenberg who first mooted its existence in 1950 , is said to be a highly sensitive area in the vagina that , when stimulated , gives a woman a powerful orgasm .
But where the G spot is located has been clouded by evidence that is subjective or downright contradictory , and some experts have even concluded that it does not exist .
The answer , according to Italian researcher Associate Professor Emmanuele Jannini , is that , yes , the G spot does exist , but only among those women who are lucky enough to have it , New Scientist reports .
Jannini , of the University of L'Aquila , used an ultrasound to scan a key vaginal area among nine women who say they experience vaginal orgasms and 11 who say they do n't .
The target was an area of tissue on the front vaginal wall located behind the urethra .
Tissue was notably thicker in this space among the first group of women compared with the second , the scans revealed .
Jannini , who reports the research online in the Journal of Sexual Medicine , says the evidence is clear .
" Women without any visible evidence of a G spot cannot have a vaginal orgasm , " he says .
" For the first time , it is possible to determine by a simple , rapid and inexpensive method if a woman has a G spot or not . "
Part of the clitoris ?
Some experts question whether what Jannini calls the G spot is a distinct structure or the internal part of the clitoris , whose size is highly variable .
Others say more work is needed to confirm Jannini 's finding that the G spot is missing in women who do n't experience vaginal orgasm .
The G spot could be there in all women , but with differing degrees of sensitivity , they believe .
Women who do not have a G spot should not despair , says New Scientist .
" They can still have a normal orgasm through stimulation of the clitoris , " says Jannini .
Last updated at 01:00 15 November 2007
For 65 years , this Second World War fighter had lain hidden under the surface of a beach where it crash - landed .
Just a short distance above it , holidaying families have built sandcastles , strolled and swum , all unaware of its existence .
But now the P - 38 Lightning has re-emerged after freak weather conditions caused the sands to shift and expose its rusting frame .
The U.S. aircraft - with its distinctive " twinboom " design - was discovered on the North Wales coast , but the location is being kept secret in case it is targeted by looters .
Its remains were spotted by a family in July , but it was thought to be an unmanned drone used for aerial target practice from the 1950s .
However , a local aviation enthusiast recognised it from a newspaper photo and contacted a group of U.S. aircraft historians .
The Lightning has been identified using its serial number and other records .
It was built in 1941 and reached Britain in 1942 before flying combat missions along the Dutch - Belgian coast .
It was flown by Second Lieutenant Robert F. " Fred " Elliott , 24 , from North Carolina .
Scroll down for more ...
During a gunnery practice mission on September 27 , 1942 , a fuel supply problem forced him to make an emergency landing on the nearest suitable place - the Welsh beach .
His belly landing in shallow water sheared off a wingtip , but he escaped unhurt .
Unfortunately , less than three months later , the veteran of more than ten combat missions was shot down over Tunisia .
His plane and body were never found .
His nephew , Robert Elliott , 64 , of Blountville , Tennessee , has spent nearly 30 years trying to learn more about his uncle 's career .
" This is just a monumental discovery and a very emotional thing , " said Mr Elliott , who hopes to be present for the recovery .
Ric Gillespie , who heads the International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery , is leading the mission to recover the P - 38 .
" American officers had the guns removed , and the records say the aircraft was salvaged , but it was n't , " he said .
" It was gradually covered with sand , and there it sat for 65 years .
With censorship in force and British beaches closed to the public during the war , nobody knew it was there .
" It 's sort of like Brigadoon , the mythical Scottish village that appears and disappears .
The fighter is arguably the oldest P - 38 in existence .
In that respect it 's a major find . "
The twin -engine P - 38 was conceived by Lockheed design genius Clarence " Kelly " Johnson in the late 1930s .
Some 10,000 were built , and about 32 complete or partial airframes are believed to still exist .
The recovery group plans to collaborate with British museum experts in recovering the nearly intact but fragile aircraft next spring .
The Imperial War Museum Duxford and the Royal Air Force Museum are among the institutions expressing interest in it .
It began with low - income Americans being encouraged to borrow mortgages they could n't afford .
The economic butterfly effect would eventually cause deals worth billions of dollars to fall apart ; the first run on a British bank in 140 years ; some of the most powerful figures on Wall Street losing their jobs ; wild gyrations on the markets ; and dire warnings that the world is on the brink of recession .
At the start of the year , stockmarkets were at six - year highs and £ 40bn worth of mergers and takeovers were awaiting completion .
Private equity firms and hedge funds were gorging themselves on cheap money and a handful of secretive , hugely wealthy individuals were becoming increasingly influential .
But it was the millions on more modest incomes who would ultimately shape the events of 2007 .
As the US housing market cooled and interest rates rose , many on the bottom rungs of the economic ladder found it difficult to meet their monthly mortgage repayments .
The first real concerns about sub - prime mortgages emerged at the end of February , when Wall Street suffered its worst day since the terrorist attacks of 2001 .
By April one of the biggest sub - prime mortgage lenders in the US had gone bankrupt and there was talk of a full - blown crisis .
Credit more broadly began to dry up as lenders became nervous .
Fear also spread as it became clear that much of the bad debt had been packaged up and sold on around the world 's financial system .
Nobody , not even the banks themselves , knew who owned the toxic debt .
Some otherwise arcane practices of the financial world such as collateralised debt obligations and structured investment vehicles suddenly became everybody 's concern .
The flood of private equity money turned into a trickle as it became more difficult to borrow , derailing deals including an attempt to buy J Sainsbury and , at the close of the year , an attempt by Lord Harris to take Carpetright private .
Hedge funds too , which rely on leveraging their funds , have had their wings clipped .
The credit crunch was behind the biggest story of the year , Northern Rock .
It emerged in September that the bank had been forced to apply to the Bank of England for emergency funds as liquidity had dried up in the market .
Savers were told not to panic .
But they did anyway .
The next day , there were long lines of people threading through high streets across Britain , hoping to retrieve their cash .
The scenes triggered a postmortem into how a major bank - the fifth biggest provider of mortgages in the country - could reach the brink of collapse without any apparent action to prevent it from going under .
The inquest has so far given us the phrase " moral hazard " from the governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , who believed it was outside his remit to rescue a bank that had got into difficulties through risky borrowing on international money markets .
It has also given us the sight of MPs from the Treasury select committee grappling to discover who from the much lauded tripartite structure of regulation for the UK financial system - the Bank of England , the Treasury and the Financial Services Authority - was to blame for the fiasco .
But it has not given us any definitive answers save that Northern Rock should not have risked so much on such a finely calibrated business model and should have seen it coming .
King came under pressure to quit but no one from the tripartite system has fallen on their sword .
Even the architect of the business model , Northern Rock 's chief executive Adam Applegarth , hung on until the middle of November when he finally resigned .
The stricken bank has received £ 25 bn of taxpayers ' cash .
There are still two potential bidders - Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin and the Olivant vehicle led by former Abbey National boss Luqman Arnold .
Other options include nationalisation or a carve - up among high street banks .
As the mortgage crisis spread , Wall Street bosses began dropping like neatly lined - up dominoes .
Stan O'Neal was forced out at Merrill Lynch and Charles Prince was ousted from the world 's largest banking group , Citigroup .
The most powerful woman on Wall Street , Zoe Cruz , lost her job at Morgan Stanley when the bank recorded losses of $ 3.7 bn .
Another Wall Street bank , Bear Stearns , suffered the first loss in its 84 - year history .
The numbers just kept getting bigger .
This month the Swiss bank UBS wrote off a further $ 10bn of sub - prime loans , on top of $ 3.4bn already announced .
Two days later the Bank of England joined other central banks in pouring £ 50bn into the financial markets in the hope of staving off a meltdown .
A succession of Wall Street banks have turned to sovereign funds in China , Singapore and the Middle East for injections of cash .
The unravelling of events has been a stunning example of how interdependent the world economy has become .
Confidence appears to be ebbing .
Retailers in Britain were forced to slash prices before Christmas to shift stock .
According to the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors , house prices in Britain are falling at their fastest rate in two years .
The outlook for jobs is the worst for a decade .
Jon Hunt , who sold the estate agency Foxtons in April , may , it turns out , have called the top of the market .
In numbers
$ 99.29
The oil price reaches its peak just short of $ 100 a barrel ( November 21 )
$ 2
The pound hits $ 2 for the first time since 1992 ( April 16 )
£ 1.1bn
Price HSBC receives selling its headquarters in Canary Wharf ( April 30 )
$ 100bn
Ben Bernanke 's estimate of total sub - prime losses ( July 19 )
I might as well come right out and say it : I ’m starting work on my second JavaScript book .
My first one was something of a success ; it has gotten great reviews and is in its 3rd or 4th printing ( I lose count ) .
I ’m in the process of pulling together materials , building outlines , and talking with publishers to make this next one happen .
I have another question , related to my previous one , that ’ll help me to sculpt the direction of the book .
What are the greatest untold secrets of JavaScript programming that you wish were thoroughly debunked and explained ?
I ’d like to keep things rather specific and precise , rather than generic .
For example , I ’m looking for secrets like “ How do I get my animations to be so smooth ? ” rather than “ How do I make an awesome accordion menu ? ” .
Questions about how specific libraries do things is perfectly fine , too ( does n’t have to be just jQuery – I ’m well versed in most of the major libraries ) .
Here ’s some that I ’ve noticed :
What is ( function ( ) { } ) ( ) and why is it so fundamentally important to modern JavaScript development ?
and why is it so fundamentally important to modern JavaScript development ?
What does with ( ) {...} do and why is it so useful ?
do and why is it so useful ?
How can arguments .
callee change how I work with JavaScript code ?
change how I work with JavaScript code ?
How exactly do timers work and how can I best use them ?
How do I identify and tackle memory leaks in web applications ?
How do I write a cross browser way of …
Getting / setting attributes .
Injecting HTML strings .
Getting / setting computed css values .
Managing DOM events .
Writing a CSS selector engine .
Doing smooth animations .
How can I use verification tools ( like JSLint ) to my advantage – and write my own ?
What ’s the best way to transmit JavaScript files ?
How do I write my own JavaScript compressor ( like Packer ) ?
All of these are giant gaping holes in the world of JavaScript literature and it needs to be fixed .
Are there any that I missed ?
Aside : I ’m phenomenally bored with traditional Ajax / DHTML books , large parts of mine included .
There ’s no great mystery concerning the DOM API or how to do a simple XMLHttpRequest – and I hardly think there needs to be considerable literature dedicated to it .
However , no one talks about how incredibly hard it is to get those things working in a bullet - proof cross browser manner .
Probably the best resource we ’ve had was Quirksmode – but that only told you what was broken – but not even necessarily how it was broken and definitely not how to fix it .
There needs to be volumes written on how to fix real - world JavaScript bugs , constantly being updated to handle the changing browser landscape .
Depending on how progress goes with the planning of my book , I ’d like to tackle a large number of these issues directly and get them out there so that everyone can learn from all the work that ’s being done .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
This article is marked as ' retired ' .
The information here may be out of date and / or incomplete .
In October of 2002 , an airplane which otherwise might have plunged into the ground and killed its pilot was instead gently dropped in some mesquite trees in Lewisville , Texas .
The pilot , which suffered no more than a sore neck , had a Cirrus Airframe Parachute System ( CAPS ) to thank for his safe landing , and it was the first time in aviation history that such a parachute had been successfully used in an actual emergency .
These 55 foot wide parachutes attach directly to the aircraft itself , and are used as a last resort in small aircraft .
To date , they have been successfully used in three such emergencies .
The founder of Cirrus , Alan Klapmeier , was on a flying lesson in 1985 when another pilot , flying with the sun in his eyes , flew into Mr. Klapmeier ’s plane at 1,600 feet .
He and his instructor were able to land their badly damaged aircraft , but the other plane spun into the ground , killing its pilot .
This event motivated Klapmeier to develop a last - ditch safety system for small aircraft which would otherwise be doomed .
His company , Cirrus Aircraft , developed the CAPS system for its small planes ; and they include other state - of - the - art safety features as well , such as a a full roll cage , and a realtime digital map that shows locations of other nearby aircraft and the details of the terrain .
The parachute is deployed with a red , T - shaped CAPS handle in the cockpit , which fires a solid - fuel rocket that deploys the parachute within a few seconds .
The force of landing when using this parachute is comparable to a 10 - foot drop , and is absorbed by specialized shock - absorbent components .
Ironically , this plethora of safety features may be responsible for a recent increase in accidents in Cirrus aircraft .
In 2003 , Cirrus had 33 % more accidents than the aviation industry standard , however an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board found that nearly all these accidents were due to pilot error , not problems with the aircraft , and that the parachute system was not deployed in these incidents .
It would appear that the sophisticated safety systems in these aircraft give some less - skilled pilots a false sense of security , and with it , overconfidence .
Still , it ’s pretty damn cool that a small plane can be dropped gently onto the ground in an emergency .
While it ’s true that in general flying is safer than driving , that statistic goes out the window when fender - benders are involved .
In the meantime , people close to Yahoo said that the company received a flurry of inquires over the weekend from potential suitors .
Some people inside Yahoo have even speculated about the prospect of breaking up the company .
That could mean selling or outsourcing its search - related business to Google and spinning off or selling its operations that produce original content , these people said .
“ Everyone is considering all kinds of options and a deal on search is one of them , ” a person familiar with the situation said .
One person involved in Yahoo ’s deliberations suggested that “ the sum of the parts are worth more than the whole , ” arguing that its various pieces like Yahoo Finance , for example , could be sold to a company like the News Corporation for a huge premium while Yahoo Sports could be sold to a company like ESPN , a unit of the Walt Disney Company .
Executives at rival companies were less optimistic about such a breakup strategy .
“ No one can get to a $ 44 billion price , ” one executive at a major media company said , “ even if you split it into a dozen pieces . ”
In making its bid for Yahoo , Microsoft is betting that past antitrust rulings against it for abusing its monopoly power in personal computer software will not restrain its hand in an Internet deal .
In the United States , a federal district court in Washington ruled in 2001 that Microsoft had repeatedly violated the law by stifling the threat to its monopoly position posed by Netscape , which popularized the Web browser .
The suit , brought during the Clinton administration , was settled by the Bush administration .
But as a result of a consent decree extending through 2009 , a federal court and a three - member team of technical experts monitors Microsoft ’s behavior .
In 2006 , for example , after Google complained to the Justice Department and the European Commission that Microsoft was making its MSN search engine the default in the most recent version of its Web browser , Microsoft modified the software so that consumers could easily change to Google or Yahoo .
Cheap Life Insurance
online informtion about life insurance policies and find which insurance policy is benefitial for you .
Last updated at 14:47 28 November 2007
In a politically correct age , they seem like outrageous anachronisms .
And there is no doubt these adverts - many taken from the first half of the last century - reveal just how much women used to be caricatured as downtrodden housewives or hair - brained office girls .
Now , a new book - You Mean A Woman Can Open It ? : The Woman 's Place In The Classic Age Of Advertising - brings together images which would surely cause a howl of protest if they were released today .
Scroll down for more ...
Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is signaling that a second Clinton presidency will follow the look - to - the - future , do n’t - worry - about - accountability approach toward Republican wrongdoing that marked Bill Clinton ’s years in office .
That was the significance of former President Clinton ’s remarkable Dec. 17 comment that his wife ’s first act in the White House would be to send Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush on an around - the - world mission to repair America ’s damaged image .
“ The first thing she intends to do is to send me and former President Bush and a number of other people around the world to tell them that America is open for business and cooperation again , ” said Bill Clinton , who has accompanied the senior Bush on international humanitarian missions over the past several years .
What was perhaps most stunning about the remark was its assumption that Americans would be impressed that the country ’s two dominant political dynasties would team up in early 2009 to tidy up some of the mess created by the headstrong son of the senior dynasty , the Bush Family .
The Bushes and the Clintons – who have held pieces of the nation ’s executive power for more than a quarter century dating back to George H.W. Bush ’s election as Vice President in 1980 – essentially would be keeping matters within the board rooms of the Washington Establishment .
In responding to Bill Clinton ’s remark , George H.W.
Bush issued a statement making clear he would not join in any slap at his son ’s foreign policy .
That also means Hillary Clinton ’s “ first thing ” is unthinkable if her new administration were trying to exact any accountability from George W. Bush for his wrongdoing .
So , to get the senior Bush ’s cooperation on the worldwide tour , there would have to be an implicit understanding that the second Clinton administration would n’t investigate the younger Bush ’s crimes – from authorizing torture , ordering warrantless wiretaps , exposing CIA officer Valerie Plame ’s identity , waging war under false pretenses and other abuses of executive powers .
If Hillary Clinton does get elected , you can expect to hear lots of talk about “ leaving that one for the historians ” or about the danger of increased partisanship if the Democrats were viewed as trying “ get even ” by exposing Bush ’s offenses .
The wise heads of Washington surely would nod in approval at this “ bipartisanship ” of a Democratic administration deciding not to get bogged down in “ refighting the battles ” of the second Bush administration .
The First Clinton - Bush Deal
That ’s exactly what happened in 1993 when Bill Clinton entered the White House after defeating George H.W. Bush .
Clinton and other senior Democrats shut down or wrapped up four investigations that implicated senior Republicans , including Bush , in constitutional abuses of power and criminal wrongdoing during the Reagan - Bush years .
The Iran -Contra arms - for - hostages case was still alive , with special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh furious over new evidence that President George H.W.
Bush may have obstructed justice by withholding his own notes from investigators and then ducking an interview that Walsh had put off until after the 1992 elections .
Bush also had sabotaged the investigation by pardoning six Iran - Contra defendants on Christmas Eve 1992 , possibly the first presidential pardon ever issued to protect the same President from criminal liability .
In late 1992 , Congress also was investigating Bush ’s alleged role in secretly aiding Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein during and after Hussein ’s eight - year - long war with Iran .
Representative Henry Gonzalez , a Democrat from Texas who had served three decades in Congress , had exposed intricate financial schemes that the Reagan - Bush administrations employed to assist Hussein .
There also were allegations of indirect U.S. military aid through third countries , including the supply of dangerous chemicals to Iraq .
Lesser known investigations were examining two other sets of alleged wrongdoing : the so - called October Surprise issue ( allegations that Bush and other Republicans interfered with Jimmy Carter ’s hostage negotiations with Iran during the 1980 campaign ) and the Passportgate affair ( evidence that Bush operatives improperly searched Clinton ’s passport file in 1992 , looking for dirt that could be used to discredit his patriotism and secure reelection for Bush ) .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday that federal judges have the discretion to give " reasonably " shorter prison terms for crack - cocaine crimes to reduce the disparity with crimes involving cocaine powder .
Lawyers argue that crack - cocaine offenders were unfairly targeted .
The 7 - 2 ruling represents a victory for lawyers who argued that crack - cocaine offenders were unfairly targeted under U.S. sentencing guidelines .
Current federal penalties for selling 5 grams of crack cocaine can warrant the same prison sentence as dealing 500 grams of the powdered variety .
The Supreme Court case centered around Derrick Kimbrough of Norfolk , Virginia , who according to court records , pleaded guilty to distributing more than 50 grams of crack cocaine .
Federal sentencing guidelines called for 19 to 22.5 years behind bars .
But Judge Raymond Jackson instead gave the defendant a 15 - year sentence , calling the case " another example of how crack - cocaine guidelines are driving the offense level to a point higher than is necessary to do justice . "
A federal appeals court overturned the case and sent it to a higher court , saying Jackson 's discretion was " unreasonable when it is based on a disagreement with the sentencing disparity for crack and powder cocaine offenses . "
Said Kimbrough 's attorney , Michael Nachmanoff in October , " A sentence of 19 years for a man with no felony convictions who served his country honorably , who had never spent a night in jail ... that was ridiculous . "
Kimbrough is a veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War and is African - American .
African - Americans were nearly 82 percent of defendants sentenced in federal court for dealing crack , but only 27 percent of those sentenced for dealing powder cocaine , according to 2006 federal statistics .
Each year , federal courts handle about 11,000 cocaine sentences , which are roughly evenly divided between crack and cocaine cases .
The issue long has been a source of contention between government prosecutors and civil rights advocates , who argue crack dealers are often targeted for longer prison terms because that drug is prevalent in urban and minority communities , while the powdered version is more commonly associated with higher - income users .
Writing for the majority , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took a practical approach , saying it is important to preserve judicial discretion , while ensuring most sentences remain within federal guidelines established two decades ago to ensure a measure of uniformity .
Ginsburg said a federal judge was right to give a crack offender a lesser prison term than the guidelines called for , since federal law " mandates only maximum and minimum sentences , " she wrote .
" It says nothing about appropriate sentences within those statutory guidelines . "
Ginsburg noted the trial judge " honed in on the particular circumstances of Kimbrough 's case and accorded weight to " reports by the U.S. Sentencing Commission that show " the crack / powder disparity yields unjustifiably harsh sentences for crack offenders . "
Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented in the Kimbrough case .
Thomas said it will now be up to courts " to assume the legislative role of devising a new sentencing scheme , " something Congress never intended .
The government had no immediate reaction to the high court 's ruling .
The U.S. Sentencing Commission -- an independent federal agency that advises all three branches of government on sentences -- recently cut the gap in recommended prison time for crack - cocaine offenses .
The guidelines took effect November 1 after Congress decided not to overturn the changes .
The commission is scheduled to vote Tuesday on whether to make those guidelines retroactive for prisoners convicted in the past of crack dealing .
Almost 20,000 inmates could be eligible for shorter sentences under the proposed changes .
Congress recently has introduced at least four bills that would reduce the current disparity in cocaine sentences .
One widely circulated proposal led by Sens. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , and Edward Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , would revise the cocaine ratio downward to 20 - to - 1 .
That ratio is also supported by the Sentencing Commission .
Harsher sentences for crack offenses came after a social epidemic of crack cocaine began destroying many urban areas in the 1980s .
" The crack - cocaine guidelines were put in place because crack was fueling crime waves across the country , in particular with respect to street violence , " said Kendall Coffey , a former U.S. attorney in Miami who comments on legal matters for CNN .
" And it is clear that crack cocaine and white powder cocaine had a very different impact in terms of not only the lives of the users but the impact on the community . "
The case is Kimbrough v. U.S. ( 06-6330 ) .
E-mail to a friend
All About Cocaine • U.S. Supreme Court
WASHINGTON , Feb 5 ( Reuters ) -
The CIA on three occasions shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks used a widely condemned interrogation technique known as waterboarding , CIA Director Michael Hayden told Congress on Tuesday .
" Waterboarding has been used on only three detainees , " Hayden told the Senate Intelligence Committee , publicly specifying the number of subjects and naming them for the first time , as Congress considers banning the technique .
Those subjected to waterboarding were al Qaeda suspects Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , Hayden said .
He said waterboarding has not been used in five years , but it was used then because of concerns of imminent catastrophic attacks on the United States and because authorities had limited knowledge of al Qaeda .
" The circumstances are different than they were in late 2001 , early 2002 , " Hayden said .
He said he opposed limiting the CIA to using interrogation techniques permitted in the U.S. Army Field Manual , which bans waterboarding .
CIA interrogators are better trained , and it works with a narrower range of suspects in its interrogations , he said .
Hayden told the committee fewer than 100 people had been held in the CIA 's terrorism detention and interrogation program , with fewer than one - third of them subjected to any coercive interrogation techniques .
The CIA said in December that it had destroyed videotapes depicting the interrogations of Zubaydah and Nashiri , prompting a Justice Department investigation .
Declassified letter exposes Democratic Party complicity in CIA torture
By Joe Kay
8 January 2008
Last week , the CIA declassified a February 2003 letter from Democratic Representative Jane Harman of California discussing the planned destruction of videotapes depicting the interrogation and torture of prisoners held by the CIA .
Harman requested that the CIA release the letter in order to show her supposed criticism of the agency ’s plans to destroy the evidence .
In a statement on the letter , Harman said that it “ makes clear my concern about possible destruction of any tapes . ”
In fact , the letter only underscores the fact that the Democratic Party was aware of and supported the CIA ’s secret policy of torture .
Democrats knew of plans to destroy evidence of interrogations , but made no serious attempt to stop it or inform the American people .
Indeed , Harman ’s “ concern ” was in effect an indication to the CIA that the Democrats would not challenge a decision to destroy the tapes and would not expose the agency if it did so .
The videotapes , involving hundreds of hours of interrogation of Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , were secretly destroyed in November 2005 .
Their destruction was only publicly disclosed last month , though several Democrats had been made aware of the action at least a year ago .
Perhaps the most significant section of the three - paragraph letter is that dealing with the CIA ’s interrogation policy , not the plans for destroying the tapes .
Harman made clear that she supported the program of “ enhanced interrogation , ” which included the use of the notorious torture technique of waterboarding .
The letter amounted to a green light for the continuation of the program , which was kept secret from the American people for several more years .
In the letter , addressed to CIA General Counsel Scott Muller , Harman discusses a briefing given to a few leading Democratic and Republican congressmen the week before .
She says that the briefing “ brought home to me the difficult challenges faced by the Central Intelligence Agency in the current threat environment .
I realize we are at a time when the balance between security and liberty must be constantly evaluated and recalibrated in order to protect our nation and its people from catastrophic terrorist attack ... ”
Harman reported that at the hearing , Muller “ assured us that the [ redacted ] approved by the Attorney General have been subject to an extensive review by lawyers at the Central Intelligence Agency , the Department of Justice and the National Security Council and found to be within the law . ”
Harman , who is a graduate of Harvard Law School , indicated no disagreement with these legal findings , even though the methods employed by the CIA are clear violations of anti-torture statutes and international treaties .
She merely questioned whether or not what she later calls “ enhanced techniques ” were consistent with US policy and whether or not they had been “ authorized and approved by the President . ”
Many of the documents arguing for the legality of torture have never been released to the public .
However , one such document was leaked to the public — the infamous August 2002 “ torture memo , ” prepared by Justice Department lawyers — which argued that the president has the constitutional right to torture as part of his war powers .
This memo presumably formed part of the legal rationale presented by the CIA to Harman and others to justify the torture methods .
Harman ’s acceptance of the legal rationale for torture was in line with the reaction of the entire Democratic Party to the antidemocratic policies implemented by the White House , using the “ war on terror ” and the attacks of September 11 as a pretext .
According to a Washington
Post article published last month , in 2002 four congressional leaders , including the current speaker of the House , Nancy Pelosi , another Democrat from California , were “ given a virtual tour of the CIA ’s overseas detention sites and the harsh techniques interrogators devised to try to make the prisoners talk . ”
The meeting with Harman in February 2003 evidently also included a discussion of the CIA ’s plans to destroy the tapes .
Harman wrote to Muller , “ You discussed the fact that there is a videotape of Abu Zubaydah following his capture that will be destroyed after the Inspector General finishes his inquiry .
I would urge the Agency to reconsider that plan . ”
Harman does not suggest that the tapes should be preserved because they depict illegal activity and therefore constitute evidence of a crime .
She also does not oppose the Bush administration ’s determination that the destruction of the tapes would be legal .
Rather , she suggests , “ The videotape would be the best proof that the written record is accurate , if such record is called into question in the future .
The fact of destruction would reflect badly on the Agency , ” she concludes .
In other words , Harman ’s concern was largely one of public relations .
The references to an inquiry by the CIA inspector general apparently refers to an examination , carried out by inspector general John Helgerson , into the CIA ’s interrogation techniques .
The inquiry was completed in the spring of 2004 , but there were no public references to it until November 2005 .
It was reportedly critical of the “ enhanced interrogation ” techniques .
On November 9 , 2005 , the New York Times published an article citing officials familiar with the report .
According to the Times , the officials “ said the report expressed skepticism about the Bush administration view that any ban on cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment under the treaty does not apply to CIA interrogations because they take place overseas on people who are not citizens of the United States . ”
The Times exposure of the Inspector General report is another possible motivating factor behind the CIA ’s decision to go ahead and destroy the tapes in November 2005 .
That same month , other reports exposed for the first time the existence of the CIA network of secret prisons .
The government was also being pressed in several court cases to turn over all evidence and records of interrogation .
The role of the Democrats in supporting and helping cover up the CIA ’s torture program and the subsequent destruction of videotapes ensures that any Congressional investigation will be a whitewash .
It appears increasingly likely that Democrats will scale down Congressional inquiries on the grounds that the Justice Department has launched its own criminal investigation .
Last week , Democrats moved quickly to praise an announcement by Attorney General Michael Mukasey that a criminal investigation will begin .
Mukasey ’s selection of John Durham , a deputy US attorney from Connecticut , has been portrayed in the media and by Democrats as a move to give the investigation greater independence .
This is false .
Durham ’s work will be subordinate to and filtered by the Justice Department , which means the Bush administration .
It will have no “ independence ” from those who are deeply complicit in the crime that is supposedly under investigation .
The attitude of sections of the liberal establishment was expressed in an editorial in the Los Angeles Times on January 4 .
The Times is the principal newspaper in California — the home state of both Harman and Pelosi .
The editors wrote that Mukasey “ has displayed a commendable sensitivity to appearances ” by appointing Durham to lead the criminal investigation .
The newspaper said that congressmen “ should n’t complicate his assignment by forcing key figures in the criminal investigation to testify on Capitol Hill — at least for now . ”
Meanwhile , the Justice Department investigation will likely be dragged out for an extended period of time and possibly through the end of the Bush administration ’s term of office .
Police in Denmark confiscated the computer belonging to the guy who does the Rottin ' in Denmark blog .
They accused him of using a stolen credit card to buy stuff online .
The blogger explained that he has an open WiFi access point , and that anyone can use it .
It took them a long time to figure that out , but they took his computer ( and his room mate 's computer ) anyway .
Rottin's account of the police visit is funny .
But it also makes me wonder if I should close my open WiFi network .
I do n't want cops taking away my computer .
We moved into my roommate 's room .
She has an original iMac .
' We have your roommate 's permission to confiscate her computer , ' the Ichabod Crane one said .
' Whatever , ' I said .
They had already assured me that we would get our laptops back that afternoon , so I figured the damage had already been done .
Ichabod started rooting around under her desk .
' Where 's the computer ? ' he said .
' On the desk .
That 's the computer , ' I said .
' No , the computer . '
' That 's the computer , dude . '
' That 's the screen . '
He had lapsed into the voice you use when you explain to your 6 - year - old cousin how the toaster works .
' I mean the compuuuuuter .
Understand ?'
' Dude .
That 's the whole computer .
Right there .
The blue object the size of an armadillo . '
' No .
Where the daaaaata goes .
The computer part . '
' That is the computer .
For Hell !'
Danish swear words are n't as satisfying .
' So that 's the entire computer , right there ? '
I was standing there with a look on my face like I was watching a dog walk on its hind legs .
' New technology , huh ? ' he said .
I blew the dust off the keyboard and handed it to him .
' Do you mind if I check your badge again ? '
Link
Communication Against My Better Judgement
Oil makes the world go ‘ round .
Each day , more than 85 million barrels of black gold are pumped from the ground -- that ’s nearly 70 ounces for each of the 6.6 billion men , women and children on Earth .
Since January , the price of a barrel of oil has almost doubled and is now approaching $ 100 .
Blame tensions in the Middle East , speculators on a quest for profit and the hunger for energy of rising powers , including India and China .
The ripples from this price surge are washing up on every shore .
It ’s creating new wealth in such locales as Moscow , where oil barons are almost at a loss about how to spend their riches .
But the effects in some other places are less predictable .
Israelis fear a rush of people will chop down trees to heat their homes .
Farmers in northern Iraq are abandoning their fields to sell gas .
Fishermen in France , stung by the price of diesel , have rioted .
As Californians cope with gasoline near $ 3.50 a gallon and other Americans brace for a winter of high heating bills , we asked Times correspondents how the skyrocketing prices are affecting their corner of the world .
Here ’s what they found .
Advertisement
MOSCOW
Helping oil barons spend their wealth
What do you buy when you can have anything ?
At the Millionaire Fair , which opened Thursday at a sprawling exhibition center in northwest Moscow , Yelena Kudozova is trying to provide suggestions -- a lot of them , since 45,000 people with fistfuls of cash are expected to cross the red carpet over the exhibition ’s four days .
Many are getting rich thanks to oil .
Last year , there was a private island for sale , yachts and helicopters , baby bottles made of gold and a dress sewn entirely from dollar bills .
This year , the fair ’s 35,000 square feet of exhibition space will feature diamond - encrusted USB flash drives ; two Kandinsky paintings never before exhibited in Russia ; and a sneak peek at Volvo ’s new XC60 concept car with its six - cylinder , 3.2 - liter ethanol engine ( after all , gas here has risen to the unheard - of price of $ 3.26 a gallon ) .
Advertisement
“ It is really symbolic that the time when oil prices are about to reach $ 100 a barrel coincides with our fair , ” said Kudozova , the event ’s director .
“ Russia is growing more and more influential , and it consumes more and more luxury .
I ca n’t even imagine such a fair to be held , for instance , in 1991 Russia .
A Millionaire Fair in Russia at that time would have been an oxymoron ! ”
High oil prices helped produce a bumper crop of billionaires in Russia this year -- 53 to be precise , according to Forbes magazine , compared with 34 in 2006 -- not to mention the country ’s 103,000 - plus millionaires .
The oil business was a key component in the fortunes of at least 16 of those billionaires , Forbes said .
Russia ’s oil and gas revenues have quadrupled since 1998 .
Oil export revenue this year is likely to reach $ 63.9 billion , lubricating not only the oil tycoons but also many other businesses , including retail , services , construction and real estate .
Kudozova had no problem filling up the fair ’s gala opening night .
The 15,000 tickets for the event , priced at $ 742 apiece , sold out .
Advertisement
Attendees at opening night were treated to shows by the Italian fashion house Giancarlo Ferre and Bond Street jewelry designer David Morris , performances by the Blue Man Group and pop music artist Sergei Mazayev , and all the Piper - Heidsieck Champagne they could drink , which is to say , thank you very much , quite a lot .
-- Kim Murphy and Sergei Loiko
--
SHANGHAI
Advertisement
Tour operators try to cut fuel costs
Rising oil prices are making waves for tour boat operators who ply Shanghai ’s historic Bund waterfront .
At Touring the Huang Pu River Co. , sales and marketing manager Feng Haiping is struggling to cut fuel costs for his 18 - boat fleet , which conveys as many as 5,000 sightseers on a typical day -- and burns through as much as $ 865 in diesel fuel an hour .
This month , government regulators hiked wholesale gasoline and diesel prices 10 % .
Competition among tour operators is fierce , so the company can’t raise the price of tickets , which sell for $ 6.70 to $ 26.80 depending on the vessel , to pay for more expensive fuel , Feng said .
Instead , the company has made other adjustments , such as reducing from two to one the number of trips its new red-and - gold , 187 - foot Dragon Boat luxury cruise liner makes each day .
Advertisement
The company also plans to boost the rate it charges for private charters , and it is paying closer attention to vessel maintenance , Feng said .
Captains have been trained to operate the boats for maximum fuel efficiency and to choose the most direct routes while traveling along the river , past landmarks from the colonial era and the Oriental Pearl TV tower , one of China ’s modern icons .
Higher prices at the pumps , together with the cost of parking in the popular tourist zone , have also prompted Feng to make changes in his personal life .
Now , he drives to work only on weekends .
Most days , Feng said , “ I take the bus . ”
-- Dawn C. Chmielewski
Advertisement
--
BAGHDAD
Taxi driver sees little benefit
For Ali Kadhim Khalaf , a 37 - year - old taxi driver in Baghdad , rising global oil prices should be a good thing :
Iraq ’s government sets gasoline prices artificially low to insulate its people from price shocks , and increased oil revenue should help his petroleum - rich country rebuild after years of war .
Advertisement
But as he waited in line recently to gas up his 1985 Volkswagen Passat with the orange - and - white paneling typical of taxis here , Khalaf said he expected little benefit .
“ Our wealth is for the others ! ” he exclaimed .
“ If the oil prices rise , neither you nor me will get the benefits .
There is no use , because we do not have the right man in power .
Everybody is taking what they can get and leaving . ”
Iraq has the world ’s second - largest proven oil reserves , but the industry has not been producing at full strength for decades .
Investment from foreign oil companies , needed to jump - start production , has been slow because of the poor security situation , which has improved only recently .
Until about two months ago corruption in Iraq ’s oil industry left Iraqis with almost no gasoline , and what was available was sold by black - market curbside retailers -- often diluted with kerosene -- at prices astronomically higher than what Iraqis historically paid .
Queues backed up for miles and drivers could wait 12 hours to fill their tanks .
Advertisement
“ I was spending most of my days in the fuel line , when I could have used the time working , ” Khalaf said .
At its worst , Khalaf said , he was paying about $ 3.07 a gallon and buying just enough to cover his 150 - mile daily routes .
A year ago , gas was about 76 cents a gallon .
Now , thanks to a handful of reforms , domestic supply has recovered and Khalaf pays about $ 1.38 a gallon .
The wait is sometimes just five minutes .
Still , Khalaf , who has a wife and four children , is nervous that the unstable times may return .
Advertisement
“ If the price of gasoline rises , I would rather stay home and not work , because if I want to work I have to raise prices , and some people cannot pay , ” he said .
-- Christian Berthelsen and Usama Redha
--
SORAN , IRAQ
Advertisement
Oil fever strikes once - poor region
In northern Iraq , it ’s a different story .
Record oil prices have transformed the economy of the relatively safe , three - province Kurdish autonomous area .
The region , once mired in poverty , is flooded with businessmen from as far as Texas and Norway seeking oil and gas exploration deals .
Rates at the Erbil International Hotel have jumped from about $ 75 a night in early 2005 to $ 300 a night .
Rents have increased 200 % in the last two years and a whole service economy has arisen to cater to those grown rich off oil money .
Advertisement
Oil fever has also pushed people out of their traditional livelihoods .
Pusho Abdul - Kareem used to work as a farmer , tilling the soil for fruits and vegetables he would sell at market .
But now , he and his 6 - year - old son , Rebas , peddle gasoline instead of food to passing drivers along a desolate stretch of high desert .
“ It ’s a better business , ” he says .
Each day he fills up dozens of 20 - liter jerrycans with gasoline and lines them up in racks for customers .
He sells different varieties , including cheap yellow - brown gas drawn from the Beiji refinery for about $ 2.20 a gallon and high - quality Iranian gasoline , probably smuggled across the border , for $ 3.20 a gallon .
Advertisement
Abdul - Kareem ’s sole complaint is that his customers are too cheap .
“ Nobody buys the good stuff , ” he says with a sigh .
“ They hear $ 3.20 a gallon and they drive away . ”
-- Borzou Daragahi
--
JERUSALEM
Advertisement
Heating bills drive illegal logging
With winter just around the corner , the prospect of high heating bills is on the minds of many Israelis -- particularly villagers high above sea level in the northern Galilee region , home to many of the country ’s poorest families .
The higher the price of fuel , and the colder the weather , the more likely people are to invade Israel ’s forests in search of affordable warmth .
This month , police seized two trucks carrying 30 tons of wood felled without permit .
“ We find a close correlation between this activity and the rise in fuel prices , ” said Omri Bonneh , director of the Jewish National Fund ’s northern region , which deploys 50 rangers to patrol tens of thousands of acres of forest .
“ It is driven by financial distress . ”
Advertisement
In a bid to curb illegal logging , the Jewish National Fund -- a major landholder and custodian of Israel ’s forests -- launched a program to sell needy families as much as 3 tons of firewood at $ 19 a ton , one - fourth the market price .
The program is now in its third year .
“ This is a lovely project , ” said Amnon Nahmias , 50 , who began lighting his fireplace in the northern community of Amuka early this month .
“ It serves everyone -- the public , the forests , the environment . ”
Israel punishes unauthorized tree - chopping with fines up to $ 3,250 or prison terms up to six months .
Officials say they prosecute 70 to 120 violators a year but believe that 10 times that many get away .
The cheap firewood program has somewhat diminished the rate of illegal cutting , Bonneh said .
The Jewish National Fund supervises the cutting and distributes wood according to need .
Later , the group will open some forest areas so people can chop and collect their own wood , up to a limit , free of charge .
Advertisement
-- Batsheva Sobelman
--
CARACAS , VENEZUELA
Motorists share in energy bonanza
Advertisement
Oil could rise to $ 200 a barrel and not ding the pocketbooks of Venezuelan motorists .
Gasoline here has been subsidized for decades : A gallon now costs about 15 cents , according to the official exchange rate .
It ’s the government ’s way of letting motorists share in the energy bonanza of their country , the world ’s fifth - largest oil exporter .
The government is collecting more than $ 1 billion a week from oil sales .
Venezuelans think the subsidy is their birthright , and not even hugely popular President Hugo Chavez has dared rescind it .
He ’s mindful of the deadly riots that broke out in 1989 when President Carlos Andres Perez tried to reduce the subsidy and raise public transit prices .
Advertisement
Still , Chavez is known to want to cut the subsidies to leave more cash to fund his ambitious domestic agenda and give more foreign aid .
After all , the subsidies have a minimal benefit for his main constituency : the poor , few of whom own cars .
Chavez frequently complains about an automobile - centric society , most recently at a news conference last week .
He has committed vast sums to expand or develop mass transit systems in Caracas , Valencia and Maracaibo .
But cheap gas and a flood of oil dollars have raised consumption across the board , and vehicles are no exception .
Venezuelans bought nearly 50 % more cars in the first nine months of this year compared with the same period in 2006 .
Chavez now is dealing with his concerns about cars in a different way .
Starting next year , the government will restrict the import of autos , which is likely to cause prices to rise and perhaps damp demand .
Advertisement
Managers of several Colombian auto plants , which supply about 10 % of the Venezuelan car market , are unhappy about that .
They are concerned that Chavez ’s program will cost jobs .
-- Chris Kraul
--
PARIS
Advertisement
Fishermen cause a stink over fuel
The fishermen of Brittany dumped dead fish onto the highways .
They burned tires , blocked traffic for miles and defaced customs boats with paint , creating chaos from port to port all along the Atlantic coast .
Then the president showed up .
Since 2005 , French fishermen have been complaining , like many business owners , that if fuel costs went beyond about $ 1.69 a gallon they could n’t make a living .
Currently , the fishermen pay about $ 2.81 .
( That ’s a bargain compared with motorists , who pay about $ 6.23 , because they ’re not exempt from the tax on regular consumers of fuel . )
Advertisement
The price of gas has risen 15 % in the last year in France , but the price of fish at auction has stayed relatively stable .
“ The slightest profit margin we ’ve had over the past years has been eaten by the cost of gas , ” said Philippe Le Moigne , vice president of the local fishermen ’s association .
The government has refused to create subsidies to protect businesses from rising gas prices .
But French President Nicolas Sarkozy turned up at the port of Le Guilvinec early this month with a plan to cap the price of gas for fishermen at $ 1.69 a gallon , allow them to adjust the price of fish according to gas costs and exempt fishermen from employment and social security taxes for six months .
The government has ruled out reducing its oil tax , which last year brought $ 28.2 billion into its coffers .
But it ’s exploring other avenues .
Advertisement
In a recent meeting with oil producers and distributors , Finance Minister Christine Lagarde asked them to lower their margins to ease the burden on consumers .
She has also urged the French to conserve by using their cars less .
“ Christine Lagarde suggested that we take our bikes to travel rather than our cars , ” Le Moigne said .
“ Why not fish with pedal boats while we ’re at it ! ”
-- Achrene Sicakyuz
The use of peginterferon alone , or in combination with ribavirin , points to a cure for hepatitis C , the leading cause of cirrhosis , liver cancer and the need for liver transplant , a Virginia Commonwealth University researcher said today .
Mitchell Shiffman , M.D. , professor in the VCU School of Medicine , and chief of hepatology and medical director of the Liver Transplant Program at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center , is one of the lead investigators in the study , which was presented at the 38th annual Digestive Disease Week conference in Washington , D.C. VCU was among about 40 sites worldwide studying pegylated interferon alfa - 2a , manufactured by Roche Inc .
Nearly all -- 99 percent – of patients with hepatitis C who were treated successfully with peginterferon alone , or in combination with ribavirin , had no detectable virus up to seven years later .
Researchers say this data validates the use of the word " cure " when describing hepatitis C treatment as successful treatment is defined as having undetectable hepatitis C virus in the blood six months following treatment .
" We at VCU are encouraged by this data because it is rare in the treatment of life - threatening viral diseases that we can tell patients they may be cured , " Shiffman said .
" In hepatitis C today , we are able to help some patients achieve an outcome that effectively enables them to put their disease behind them . "
The results are based on a long - term follow - up study designed to determine if the virus re-emerges in patients who have achieved treatment success .
The study reviewed 997 patients , either mono - infected with chronic HCV or co-infected HCV and HIV , who achieved a sustained viral response ( SVR ) following treatment with either Pegasys ( peginterferon alfa - 2a ) monotherapy or combination therapy with Pegasys and ribavirin .
After successful treatment , researchers monitored serum levels of HCV once a year for an average of 4.1 years ( range 0.4 to 7 years ) .
Of the 997 patients , 989 maintained undetectable levels of HCV .
The remaining eight patients tested positive for HCV at an average of two years following treatment completion .
The study found that these eight patients exhibited no consistency in age , gender or HCV genotype , and it has not yet been determined if these patients experienced a relapse or if they were re-infected with HCV .
Hepatitis C is a blood - borne infectious disease of the liver and a leading cause of cirrhosis , liver cancer and the need for liver transplants .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , an estimated 4.1 million Americans have been infected with hepatitis C , and 3.2 million are chronically infected .
The number of new infections per year declined from an average of 240,000 in the 1980s to about 26,000 in 2004 , the latest year for which statistics are available .
The CDC estimates the number of hepatitis C- related deaths could increase to 38,000 annually by the year 2010 , surpassing annual HIV / AIDS deaths .
Source : Virginia Commonwealth University
With the California State Primary less than three weeks away , Presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich claimed first place in the straw poll at a presidential forum composed of four democratic clubs in Los Angeles .
Over 200 members of the West LA , Westchester , LAX , and Loyola Marymount Democratic Clubs participated on Monday night , Jan. 14 , at Loyola Marymount University .
Sharon Jimenez , of Icon Imaging PR , represented Kucinich at the forum .
The debate was lively and , at times , heated , as the audience received strong presentations from all the candidate proxies .
Jimenez reports , " I think Kucinich came in first in the voting because it is now clear to so many Californians that he is speaking the truth , and he is a fighter … he campaigned in Michigan , fearlessly challenging the stripping of delegate votes in the state by the DNC — that 's a fighting Democrat ! "
Jimenez is the wife of Bob Jimenez , Communications Director for California State Senator Ron Calderon .
Cara Robin , chair of The West LA Democratic Club , organized the debate .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
By JAYA NARAIN
Last updated at 21:56 19 February 2008
With its razor - sharp teeth , the fish known as the giant snakehead terrorises the warm waters of south - east Asia .
Which is why an angler was particularly startled to hook a 2ft specimen from a river in Lincolnshire .
Andrew Alder caught the snakehead using a sprat for bait while fishing for pike in the River Witham near North Hykeham .
Scroll down for more ...
Known as the ' gangster ' of the fish world , a snakehead was caught in Lincolnshire
He took photographs of his catch and handed them over to experts who confirmed it was the deadly predator .
So devastating is the damage a giant snakehead can wreak on other fish , frogs and their natural habitat that it is on a list of species which cannot be imported into the UK .
Mr Alder , from Lincoln , said his catch had a mouth full of razor - sharp teeth and looked absolutely terrifying .
It is thought that the fish was smuggled in for a private aquarium and then illegally released into the wild when it became too much of a nuisance .
The presence of even one of the species in British waters is a nightmare for environmentalists and conservationists .
Giant snakeheads caused chaos to indigenous fish and the environment when they were found living in rivers and lakes in the U.S. in 2002 .
Snipers with high - powered rifles even set up watch to shoot the fish as they crawled ashore and entire lakes were poisoned to get rid of them .
Scroll down for more ...
A spokesman for the Environment Agency said : " The giant snakehead is not native to the UK and the coolness of our waters mean they are unlikely to survive for any length of time in this country .
" However , they could still pose a danger to habitat and other fish and we would like to remind people that the dumping of fish in waters is illegal in this country and should not be carried out under any circumstances .
" Not only that , but dumping of non-native fish can cause severe damage to indigenous species and their natural environment . "
Ben Weir , of the Anglers Mail , said : " In all my time of working within fishing I have never heard so many concerned voices . "
Luckily Mr Alder realised the potential damage the snakehead could cause and did not throw it back .
It later died and he disposed of it .
Yellowtail ( 1998 - 2010 : Golan Levin ; rebuilt with Processing in 2007 ) is an interactive software system for the gestural creation and performance of real - time abstract animation .
More projects like this one ?
Click back to the Yellowtail main page .
Yellowtail is now available ( $ 0.99 ) as an app for iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch !
This iOS app requires iOS 3.2 or later .
Exclusive to STR
February 18 , 2008
Youngsters dressed in black wearing facial masks setting another McDonald 's restaurant on fire .
Some of them trying to make the full body of protesters attack the police and innocent passers - by .
Others are throwing rocks at whatever is close enough to hit .
Still others , with spray cans " borrowed " from daddy 's garage , making sure the riot leaves marks on walls and windows for a long time .
On the news , reporters stand against the violent flames consuming another building talking about yet another " anarchist riot . "
Tens of " anarchists " were apprehended by the police , but most of them escaped and left people in fear and their belongings in ruins .
One of the hooded teenagers is interviewed on TV and tells us about his deep hatred for the police , society , order -- and prosperity .
This is anarchy , if you ask most people .
It is the devastation of human creations and uprooting of human organization , it is the destruction of order .
People are brought to believe that anarchism is about threatening , burning , destroying , assaulting , and killing .
Unable to categorize these young people so filled with hatred -- so " anti " everything that is and has been -- reporters talk of " anarchism " in lack of a better word for violent nihilist chaos .
They are no doubt ignorant of the anarchist philosophical / political tradition , and go with what they believe they know : " anarchy is chaos . "
But it is n't as simple as reporters being ignorant .
Let 's have another look at the crowd of youngsters destroying anything in their path .
What is the message they leave ?
The walls bear the mark of rioting in burning red , the circled A for anarchy .
And in the midst of the black mass of people terrorizing the neighborhood : a black flag .
They call themselves " anarchists " because they hate and want to destroy ; they are " anti . "
If you ask them about their philosophy , they might talk of " war on the rich " and spit the name of Proudhon at you .
But they wo n't be able to tell you anything he wrote , and even if they did read a page or two , they could n't have understood it .
After all , Proudhon 's statement of " anarchy the mother not the daughter of order , " the subheading of Tucker 's Liberty , seems quite the opposite to what this kind of rioting is about .
It is obvious that reporters and average Joes blame anarchism in ignorance ; they know no better .
But it is as obvious that the rioting punks try to free - ride on a thoroughly misunderstood and propagandized label .
They do n't riot and destroy because they have read and understood anarchism as described by the great anarchist thinkers ; they riot under the name of anarchism because they understand it the way it is used by statists trying to make people fear level organization and non-hierarchy .
In using anarchism as a reason for destruction , they are playing the statists ' game and reinforcing the myth of freedom as a threat rather than a promise .
Proudhon , just as any other great anarchist thinker , was clear on anarchism being order .
But it is an order based on equality , freedom , and mutual individual respect ; in this sense it is , indeed , the opposite of the current state of society .
In anarchy , no individual can be sacrificed for a greater good and no individual is persecuted for his beliefs or choices .
No individual 's right is greater than any other individual 's ; the very foundation of anarchy is every individual 's equal right to life and liberty .
Destruction is therefore not a means for anarchism or anarchists .
It can not be , since destruction and violence require the perpetrator to take the power to destroy and thereby elevate himself above others .
Anarchism is non-power , anti-power .
The reason anarchists are against the state is because it is based on the destruction of natural equality and the right to liberty -- it creates hierarchies and elevates some above others through privilege .
It keeps people enslaved in a force - based structure of exploitation and terror .
Destruction is a statist measure ; it is fundamental to government .
So what are the black - clad youngsters so filled with hatred and so prone to destroy ?
They call themselves anarchists , but they are the embodiment of the statist principle : " do as I say - - or else . "
The masked hordes rioting the streets calling for anarchy want power ; they want the power to do as they please , and they want the power to separate action from responsibility .
They want the freedom to act -- without consequence .
They demand respect from others in the sense of fear , obedience and subjection rather than appreciation and admiration ; they want to be the state and control its powers .
They are indeed the opposite of any conceivable part of the anarchist tradition , but use the label to place responsibility of their deeds on others .
They blame anarchism for their actions , while demanding the powers of the state to mold society into their view of utopia .
The riots are not a call for freedom ; it is a call for another kind of government .
Anarchism , on the other hand , is the absence of government .
The anarchists of old would identify statism in any form and under any label - - even if it carries the label of " anarchism . "
We should too .
It would be all too easy to declare the DRM wars over .
With the recent addition of the Sony BMG catalog to the Amazon MP3 store , all of the major labels have finally given in to consumer demands by allowing their music to be sold in an unrestricted digital format .
Unfortunately , DRM is anything but dead .
There remains a pervasive belief among media executives that DRM can somehow protect content and intellectual property rights in the digital marketplace .
This despite all evidence to the contrary .
A quick glance at the leading online sources for legal downloads will confirm that DRM is still very much a part of the digital media landscape .
Both Amazon and Apple continue to use DRM to restrict access to video content .
That ’s no surprise considering film studios and television networks have long required DRM on all digital media products — a requirement that has done nothing to curb piracy .
Amazon also uses DRM to restrict Kindle eBook downloads .
Given Amazon ’s relationship with the major publishing houses , you might expect the company to use its influence to convince publishers that DRM actually limits consumer choice , thereby inhibiting the marketplace for digital content .
After all , Amazon advertises DRM - free as a feature in its MP3 store — why not encourage publishers to follow suit ?
As it is , the Kindle ties consumers to a single source for DRM - restricted content .
That would be the Kindle content that publishers actually make money on .
The Kindle ecosystem looks suspiciously like Apple ’s iPod / iTunes ecosystem .
The recording industry unwittingly created a de facto monopoly in the digital music marketplace by insisting that Apple use DRM in the iTunes music store .
Publishers could be repeating that same mistake in the eBook marketplace .
As I ’ve noted before , DRM punishes honest consumers .
The pirates who want to steal digital content will do so whether or not the content is protected by DRM .
Meanwhile , honest consumers are left with arbitrary limitations on digital media products that only work with specific devices .
Worse yet , the content owners are increasingly finding themselves at the mercy of the DRM and device manufacturers who control the marketplace .
I ’ll be speaking about this very issue tomorrow at the O’Reilly Media TOC conference .
If you have an interest in the publishing industry TOC is the place to be this week .
I hope to see some of you there .
Is God [ 1 ]
A Criminal ?
Table of Contents
Does
God stand above morality , defining for us what is moral and what is immoral in accordance with His will ?
Or is morality a characteristic that exists independent of what God wills to be moral or immoral ?
For at least 25 centuries , these two related questions , or variations thereon , have troubled those of us who think deeply about philosophical matters .
Frankly , there has not ( at least , not until recently ) been any really satisfactory answer to the issues raised by these questions .
This essay is an attempt to explore this issue , which is quite relevant to the debate between atheism and theism , even though it tends to get short shrift in most debates between atheists and theists .
What I will present herein is known technically in philosophical circles as the Moral Argument Against God .
The essential belief of those who believe in the Judeo - Christian God [ 3 ] is that God created the universe and all that is within it .
Thus , in the minds of believers , their God 's creation includes any human abilities to recognize anything resembling a moral value .
So , from a believer 's perspective , we do not ( and , by the nature of being part of God 's creation , cannot ) legitimately call any acts of God " immoral . "
This is true by the very nature of morality being subservient to God 's will , and a part of God 's creation ( the universe ) .
But it is increasingly apparent that our human sense of morality is inconsistent with belief in the Judeo - Christian God and the consequent truth of the above paragraph .
Thus , some atheists try to formulate a Moral Argument Against God as part of a proof of atheism . [ 4 ]
As my own contribution to this genre , I will argue that humans increasingly ( additively , over long periods of time ) recognize certain broad moral principles as applicable to everybody , regardless of any characterization of their position within the whole group of human beings .
The existence of any such principles defeats the whole concept of moral relativism as a possible primary moral rule because there is nothing for these overarching moral rules to be relative to .
They must , then , come out of an objective moral foundation that is , unfortunately , not well understood .
My approach to the Moral Argument Against God will be to attempt to summarize a fictional trial of God on charges of crimes against peace , war crimes , and crimes against humanity .
In proceeding along these lines , I will take a slightly different approach than does Professor Raymond D. Bradley in his essay A Moral Argument for Atheism .
In my capacity as the prosecutor of God , I will stipulate for the purposes of this trial that several of the books of the Holy Bible are the inerrant ( or at the very least , the " authoritative " )
Word of God .
The books I cite for factual support herein are quoted from in the text contained within Appendix A to this document .
Those books I use to indict God herein are : Genesis , Numbers , Deuteronomy , Joshua , and I Samuel ( the First Book of Samuel ) .
I 'm certain that other atrocities commanded or committed by God are documented in certain other books of the Bible , but I choose to limit my indictment to those few books simply for the case of brevity , and for the additional reason of not expanding my indictment into any book that might be claimed to be non-historical in nature .
Most believers in God believe that the whole of the Bible is the inerrant Word of God , and that the " historical " books of the Holy Bible recount the actual , literal , and truthful history of the early Jews , and for any such believers to deny my stipulation to those books I wish to cite from would be nearly tantamount to a renunciation of their beliefs .
Thus , the essential argument I am advancing herein is that if the books that I 've selected from the Holy Bible present a true picture of the God of our universe , that God is not only unworthy of worship by humans , but should instead be opposed , on moral grounds , by every member of humanity .
Consequently , we will ( for the sake of this argument ) take as true each and every fact that is stated in my selected " historical " books of the Holy Bible .
Since trials are , first and foremost , about what facts are true or not true , I avoid a great deal of argument by simply stipulating to those selected books from the Holy Bible , which the believers cannot legitimately deny , as presenting the complete truth about God and His acts .
Once the facts are stipulated , the attorneys and the judge may then proceed to argue and decide ( respectively ) the issue presented in the trial as a matter of law .
The remainder of this section , plus the whole of the next two sections of this essay , constitutes my legal argument in favor of the proposition that the Judeo - Christian God is a criminal , and that you readers out there , who are the members of the jury empaneled to try this case against God , ought to therefore find God guilty of crimes against peace , war crimes , and crimes against humanity .
I am indebted to Donald Morgan for his essay , Bible Atrocities , which summarizes many of the most egregious of the so - called Acts of God from the Holy Bible .
I will select a few of those atrocities as the basis of my indictment of God .
These stipulated facts are contained in Appendix A to this document .
Here is a brief summary of those facts :
God gets angry with all of the people on Earth , and kills every living thing on Earth , with a few notable exceptions ( Genesis 6 & 7 ) .
God heeded the prayers of the Jews and helped the Jews to " utterly destroy " the Canaanites .
Later ,
God told the Jews that they would leave " no survivors " ( including women and children ) from among the whole people when they battled the followers of King Og of Bashan .
In between those two , the Jews battled the followers of King Sihon of Heshbon , who " God had given him a resistant spirit and stubborn determination " so that he would not surrender his people , and for " even the women and children ; there was not a single survivor . "
( Numbers , Chapter 21 ; and Deuteronomy , Chapters 2 and 3 . )
When the Jews fought the Midianites , the Jewish army killed all of the men , but brought back all of the women and children to Moses , who was then furious at this disobedience of God .
Moses ordered all of the male children killed , and all of the females who were not virgins .
32,000 virgin females remained alive ; all of the other Midianite people were killed .
It is unclear from the text whether or not 32 of these virgins were sacrificed to God ( human sacrifice ) .
The Jews enslaved all of the virgin females who lived .
( Numbers , Chapters 25 and 31 . )
God instructed the Jews that when they invaded the territory that God had granted to them , as for the inhabitants , " you must utterly annihilate them .
Make no covenant with them nor show them compassion ! "
( Deuteronomy , Chapter 7 . )
God instructed the Jews that , when confronting other people who lived on land other than that granted to the Jews , they could give them an offer of perpetual slavery for their whole population , or else they could kill all the males and take the women and little children as slaves .
( Deuteronomy , Chapter 20 . )
God set rules for male Jews who desired to take a wife from among these captives .
( Deuteronomy , Chapter 21 . )
When invading Jericho , as instructed by God , the Jews " annihilated with the sword everything that breathed in the city , including men and women , young and old , as well cattle , sheep , and donkeys . "
( Joshua , Chapter 6 . )
When taking Ai , as instructed by God , the Jews " annihilated all who lived in Ai , " including all of the men , women , and children .
( Joshua , Chapter 8 . )
Acting on God 's instructions , the Jews " annihilated everyone who lived in " Makkedah .
At Libnah , they again " left no survivors . "
At Lachish , " they put the sword to all who lived there , just as they had done to Libnah . "
At Eglon , " they annihilated it just as they had done to Lachish . "
At Hebron , " they annihilated it and all who lived there . "
Again at Debir , " they annihilated everyone who lived there ; they left no survivors . "
" Joshua defeated the whole land , including the hill country , the Negev , the lowlands , the slopes , and all their kings .
He left no survivors .
He annihilated everything that breathed , just as the Lord God of Israel had commanded . "
( Joshua , Chapter 10 . )
At Hazor , " They annihilated everyone who lived there with the sword - no one who breathed remained . "
" The Israelites plundered all the loot of these cities and the cattle , but they totally destroyed all the people and allowed no one who breathed to live . "
" Moses the Lord 's servant passed on the Lord 's commands to Joshua , and Joshua did as he was told .
He did not ignore any of the commands the Lord had given Moses . "
" No city made peace with the Israelites ( except the Hivites living in Gibeon ) ; they had to conquer all of them , " " for the Lord determined to make them obstinate so they would attack Israel .
He wanted Israel to annihilate them without mercy , as he had instructed Moses . "
( Joshua , Chapter 11 . )
King Saul of Israel , acting on God 's orders , " captured King Agag of the Amalekites alive , but he executed all his people with the sword . "
( Later , God got angry for this " disobedience " of leaving the king alive and for other matters . )
( I Samuel , Chapter 15 . )
I assert , as part of the highest principles of morality recognized by all humans , those Principles of International Law Recognized in the Charter of the Nüremberg Tribunal and in the Judgment of the Tribunal , 1950 , [ 5 ] as repeated and set forth herein :
Principle I - Any person who commits an act which constitutes a crime under international law is responsible therefor and liable to punishment .
Principle II -
The fact that international law does not impose a penalty for an act which constitutes a crime under international law does not relieve the person who committed the act from responsibility under international law .
Principle III -
The fact that a person who committed an act which constitutes a crime under international law acted as Head of State or responsible Government official does not relieve him from responsibility under international law .
Principle IV -
The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him .
Principle V - Any person charged with a crime under international law has the right to a fair trial on the facts and law .
Principle VI -
The crimes hereinafter set out are punishable as crimes under international law : ( a ) Crimes against peace : ( i ) Planning , preparation , initiation or waging of a war of aggression or a war in violation of international treaties , agreements or assurances ; ( ii ) Participation in a common plan or conspiracy for the accomplishment of any of the acts mentioned under ( i ) .
( b) War crimes : Violations of the laws or customs of war include , but are not limited to , murder , ill - treatment or deportation to slave - labour or for any other purpose of civilian population of or in occupied territory , murder or ill - treatment of prisoners of war , of persons on the seas , killing of hostages , plunder of public or private property , wanton destruction of cities , towns , or villages , or devastation not justified by military necessity .
( c ) Crimes against humanity : Murder , extermination , enslavement , deportation and other inhuman acts done against any civilian population , or persecutions on political , racial or religious grounds , when such acts are done or such persecutions are carried on in execution of or in connexion with any crime against peace or any war crime .
Principle VII - Complicity in the commission of a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity as set forth in Principle VI is a crime under international law .
In his article , A Moral Argument for Atheism , Professor Bradley argues in favor of the following as being objective moral values :
P1 : It is morally wrong to deliberately and mercilessly slaughter men , women , and children who are innocent of any serious wrongdoing .
P2 : It is morally wrong to provide one 's troops with young women captives with the prospect of their being used as sex - slaves .
P3 : It is morally wrong to make people cannibalize their friends and family .
P4 : It is morally wrong to practice human sacrifice , by burning or otherwise .
P5 : It is morally wrong to torture people endlessly for their beliefs .
Professor Bradley then goes on not only to justify the above as being moral values that most people certainly ought to agree with , but he then shows that the Holy Bible contains one or more incidents ( or at least , threats ) of God ordering , causing , or otherwise demonstrating complicity in the commission of a violation of those stated objective moral values .
This is all quite similar to my own approach herein , of demonstrating that God 's orders to the Jews clearly violate what we now recognize as universal prohibitions .
In other words , if the Jews of today took off and began following the commands of God which are recorded in the stipulated books of the Holy Bible , and murdering all of the people and pillaging all of the property in numerous towns in and around modern - day Israel , the people of the world would quite rightly speak up as a single voice and declare that those acts were immoral and illegal in spite of the Jews having been commanded by God to do those things .
This is the trap for believers which constitutes this Moral Argument Against God .
If God were to do these same things today , would we not be morally forced to condemn Him ?
And if the believers in God will not condemn
Him , should they not be seen today as being at least as morally abhorrant as we view members of the neo -Nazi movemets around the world ?
How , then , can anybody believe that the Holy Bible is the truth and yet fail to condemn the God of that book as a morally abhorrant intelligent being ?
That is the ultimate question I seek to ask herein , and it is up to you readers out there to make your decision to either support God in all of His moral abberations , or else to at least denounce God for his morally abhorrant history .
So , in any case , there is certainly some overlap between the incidents cited by Professor Bradley with respect to his P1 and P2 propositions and the case I am attempting to make herein with respect to Principle VI of the Principles of International Law Recognized in the Charter of the Nüremberg Tribunal and in the Judgment of the Tribunal , 1950 .
I frankly feel that any of the facts from the Holy Bible discussed above and supported in the quotes contained in Appendix A , and any of the severable provisions of Principle VI , can be just as easily plugged into Professor Bradley 's argument as they might be separately considered herein .
So , to at least some degree , you may take my essay here as solidifying and supporting Professor Bradley 's argument , as well as my own .
It is appropriate for every Court that sits in judgment of any controversy to first examine its jurisdiction over the cause .
This will be a particularly crucial matter for the case that confronts us herein , in that most adherents of the affected religions will almost certainly deny humanity 's jurisdiction over their God for the moral judgment to be pronounced at the end of these proceedings .
This issue turns largely on the question as to whether or not morality comes from a judgment or command given by God , or in the alternative , whether or not morality exists as something independent of God , and to which standards the acts of God can be held .
This has been a matter of controversy for at least the past 25 centuries .
I hope to show that morality exists independent of any God or gods , and particularly of the Judeo - Christian God .
I will first analyze the question of whether or not God is subject to moral judgments by examining the classic case of Euthyphro 's Dilemma . [ 6 ]
The syllogism involved in this philosophical argument proceeds as follows :
P1 . Either God exists or else God does not exist .
P2 .
If God does not exist , then God 's commands can not make an action moral .
P3 . If God exists , then God 's commands cannot make an action moral .
C. Therefore , God 's commands cannot make an action moral .
P1 is analytic , and therefore non-controversial ( the question of " existence " does seem to involve a simple true / false judgment ) .
P2 is an obviously self - evident assertion .
It would certainly seem that if P1 , P2 , and P3 are all true , then the conclusion must necessarily follow .
In other words , there is no obvious error of reasoning inherent in this syllogism .
Thus , the believer must deny P3 in order to preserve God 's moral authority .
But is the believer 's denial of P3 rational ?
Plato defends P3 this way :
(1) Suppose what is moral is commanded by God . ( 2 ) If so , then : ( 2a ) what is moral is moral because it is commanded by God ; or ( 2 b ) God commands what is moral because it is moral .
( 3 ) If ( 2b ) , then what is moral is moral independently of God 's commanding it and God 's commands cannot make an action moral .
( 4 ) If ( 2a ) , then whatever is commanded by God is moral .
( 5 ) It is not the case that whatever is commanded by God is moral ( e.g .
God could command something atrocious [ such as demonstrated , above , and as argued in this essay ] ) .
( 6 ) Therefore , ( 2 b ) . ( 7 ) Therefore , what is moral is moral independently of God 's commanding it and God 's commands cannot make an action moral .
( 8 ) Therefore , if God exists , God 's commands can not make an action moral .
Once again , the trapped believers are forced to deny a key part of an otherwise valid syllogism .
In this instance , they must deny ( 5 ) and claim that it is the case that whatever is commanded by God is moral .
When believers make this denial , they are making a claim that no matter how atrocious or uncompassionate God 's conduct might be , it is still right and proper for God to conduct himself in that fashion ( for instance , by having his " chosen people , " the Jews , murder massive quantities of otherwise - innocent children ) . [ 7 ]
However , most believers are not so bold as to state their case quite so directly ( which would leave them far too open to a valid counter - attack ) .
Instead , let me give an example of how William Lane Craig handles this point :
As for objective moral values , Dr. Washington proposes the Euthyphro dilemma , that either the good is what God wills , or else whatever God wills is good .
I would say that this is a false dilemma .
You split the horns of the dilemma by saying that the good is the very nature of God and that the commands of God flow necessarily out of His moral nature .
Because God is just ,
He commands things that are for us just .
So the good is neither arbitrary , nor is it something outside and above God .
Rather the good is the moral nature of God Himself , which is expressed necessarily in His moral commands , which become for us our moral duties .
First , I 'd note that Craig has attempted to confuse the issue by introducing the concept of " justice " as a defense for God 's commands ( the " facts " stated above ) .
Now , " justice " is " the assignment of merited rewards or punishments . "
And what standard could possibly be applied to judge whether or not " rewards or punishments " are " merited " except the external moral standard implied by the very concept the believers are attempting to deny ?
How is it different to state that " whatever God commands is moral " as opposed to stating , as Craig does , that " the good is the moral nature of God Himself , which is expressed necessarily in His moral commands , which become for us our moral duties ? "
Is n't that really begging the question by Craig ?
I certainly think so .
And to illustrate this point , try replacing the word " moral " with the word " just " in the Euthyphro arguments , above .
Does it change anything ?
Again , I do n't think so .
In this context , " just " and " moral " are clearly interchangeable words , and thus Craig uses the word " just " solely to equivocate it 's meaning .
Try replacing the word " just " with the word " moral " in Craig 's statement , above .
It does n't alter the meaning at all , but it does make clear that Craig is talking in Presuppositionalist circles about God , morality , and justice .
In fact , it virtually admits that morality should limit God 's actions .
In other words , Craig is attempting to argue that God cannot cause or commit an immoral act because God 's very nature is limited to being a moral entity .
However , this very argument of Craig 's then admits that morality is external from what God commands , and would ( if it were functioning properly ) constrain God from commanding or committing these highly - immoral acts .
And when Craig argues that God 's commands become our duties , is Craig really defending God 's right to command humans to commit atrocities ?
Should God command or commit acts that , in any other circumstances ( outside of a command from God ) , are the gravest sort of moral violations , such as genocide ?
Does Craig really argue that it is our moral duty to comply with God 's genocidal commands ?
That would certainly seem to be the case here , and in fact the Holy Bible bears witness ( in several different passages ) to God 's anger against those humans who failed to follow His commands to commit exactly the sort of morally abhorrent acts that are at issue here . [ 8 ]
A believer , such as Dr. Craig , would surely respond that we ( modern humans ) are in no position to judge those people whom God chose to utterly destroy so many thousands of years ago .
But is that a rational ( let alone , justifiable ) stance for him to take ?
Have we not , as civilized people , all agreed that , no matter how heinous are the acts committed by any person among us , the wives ( or husbands ) and particularly the innocent little children of that criminal should never be made to suffer for the morally repugnant acts of that other person ( parent or spouse ) ?
If this is a broadly - accepted moral rule among modern humans ( and it surely seems to be that way ) , then why should n't the God of old recognize and abide by that same moral rule ?
Ask yourself this question : is there ANY heinous act or omission that your spouse or parent could commit which would justify severe punishment , even to the point of a brutal and bloody death , for YOU ?
I do n't think there is , and this merely demonstrates that the whole attempt to import the Unknown Purpose Defense [ 9 ] into this atheistic moral argument falls extremely flat , as most humans deny the slightest possibility of an unknown purpose so mighty as to justify the performance of the greatest sorts of evil imaginable ( such as out - and - out genocide , or the killing of an entire population of innocent children ) .
Another sort of believer might claim that God has the right to do with humans whatever
He wishes to do , given that He created us in the first instance .
His might justifies whatever acts
He might order or commit that we would otherwise view as moral atrocities .
Frankly , this is an admission of Plato 's point ( 2a ) to the effect that these actions only become moral because God has ordered them to take place .
This argument is really " might makes right ; and thus ultimate might ( as God ) makes ultimate right . "
But again , if there is a lesson for humans in the history of the 20th century , it is that we must morally deny that " might makes right . "
So , this argument also fails as an immoral attempt to dodge the requirements of what most humans agree to be fundamental moral principles common to most humans around the whole world .
And , realistically , should we not fear the actions of those who would justify obedience to God 's immoral commands in this fashion ?
Would they not be the next Hitler if the circumstances were such as to permit it ?
This is a valid fear : that obedience to God might overcome adherence to the most basic of moral rules we humans commonly recognize ( such as : " do n't commit genocide and do n't kill innocent little kids after defeating their parents in war " ) .
For too long now , we have allowed the believers to escape judgment against their God for his self - admitted atrocities .
Since there is not any human leader or group of people we would not put on trial for these sorts of crimes , should the situation present itself for such a trial , why can not we bring the allegedly most - powerful entitiy in all of Creation to justice for His self - admitted crimes ?
There is really no good reason not to .
So , what is the real situation here for believers ?
They are still forced to deny ( 5 ) , above , on the ground that whatever God commands cannot be atrocious .
But on what rational basis can they make such a denial and the accompanying counter - claim about atrocities ?
It must be one of these :
Is it as William Lane Craig asserts : those actions of God that might appear to us to be immoral really are n't because , in those cases , we merely have God commanding an exaction of justice for some real offense against Him ?
If so , what sorts of " real offenses " against God could possibly justify these sorts of extremely heinous exactions ?
Can that really be " justice " for mankind ?
Or is it that those acts we feel to be inherently immoral ( such as stated by the above Principles ) are not in reality inherently immoral after all , and thus our modern moral Principles are the result of some erroneous human views of morality ?
If so , exactly what is the error made by humans in viewing morality in this way ?
Should morally offensive conduct be compelled under the circumstances of some higher moral principle ?
If so , what is that exact principle ?
If it is just obedience to God 's commandments , then ( 5 ) , above , can not be denied !
And yet , it is exactly that point that believers must deny in order to avoid judgment against God herein .
But if it is not just obedience to God 's commandments , then the believers in God are trapped by the equally devastating admission that morality exists independent of ( or even , above ) God .
In his Moral Argument for Atheism , Professor Bradley presents a similar dilemma for believers in the form of an inconsistent tetrad :
These -- and countless other -- passages from the Bible mean that theists are confronted with a logical quandary which strikes at the very heart of their belief that the God of Scripture is holy .
They cannot , without contradiction , believe all four of the statements : ( 1 ) Any act that God commits , causes , commands , or condones is morally permissible .
( 2 ) The Bible reveals to us many of the acts that God commits , causes , commands , and condones .
( 3 ) It is morally impermissible for anyone to commit , cause , command , or condone , acts that violate our moral principles .
( 4 ) The Bible tells us that God does in fact commit , cause , command , or condone , acts that violate our moral principles .
The trouble is that these statements form an inconsistent tetrad such that from any three one can validly infer the falsity of the remaining one .
Thus , one can coherently assert ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , and ( 3 ) only at the cost of giving up ( 4 ) ; assert ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , and ( 4 ) only at the cost of giving up ( 1 ) ; and so on .
Once again , believers must deny either ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) , or both of those , and thereby roll our human moral standards back by two to four millennia .
Is it really desirable for modern humans to return to the Bronze Age morality of the Old Testament where genocide against a neighboring tribe was not only permissible , but was highly desirable and sanctioned by God ?
And once again , we must ask whether it is rational for believers to deny ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) .
In either case , the argument would proceed exactly as the prior argument over the denial by believers of Plato 's point ( 5 ) , above .
In other words , the believer defending God 's apparently immoral acts must claim the existence of some higher moral principle , known only to God , which principle compels humans to perform otherwise atrocious acts when God commands them to be performed .
On the one hand , to argue that such a principle exists is to simultaneously argue that morality exists independent of God , which is exactly the point of this whole matter : to clearly demonstrate that our human sense of morality exists independent of any belief we may ( or many not ) have in God .
On the other hand , to argue ( as Dr. Craig does ) for a unity between God and this allegedly " unknown " higher moral principle is to place humanity in the position of having no reliable moral rules at all , since we cannot ever know , without continuous and direct guidance from God ( which is not forthcoming ; at least , not for most of us ) , just when our natural moral instincts should be followed and just when those instincts must be ignored .
And in this latter case , are n't the commands from God morally arbitrary , at least from the standpoint of humanity ?
In other words , if there is the claimed unity between God and morality , then just how can you ever view God as acting morally instead of arbitrarily ?
And how can it be good to command a bad thing for some unknown reason and leave the moral actors ( humans ) in the dark as to the true nature of the controlling and foundational moral principles ?
Would that be a proper way to obtain moral behavior from any moral actors ?
It is , frankly , inconceivable that either of these could be the case , but just to make sure , lets again examine these points in detail .
One way out for any God believer is for them to claim that some higher moral principle is at work here ; one that allows God to command the performance of acts that would otherwise be viewed as morally atrocities .
And yet , it must not be something that only amounts to " God has commanded it to be so " ( which would admit the exact case which they are attempting to deny , point ( 5 ) of Plato 's argument ) .
That traps them into an admission of ( 2 ) ( b ) , above , that " God commands what is moral because it is moral . "
The other way out is to admit that the commands of God are morally arbitrary , which is to admit the Plato 's point ( 5 ) , above , which is exactly the point they are attempting to deny .
So here , too , they admit that morality exists independent of God .
I should add that Craig 's argument , above , makes the exact same point : it admits ( 2 ) ( b ) , above : " God commands what is moral because it is moral . "
Claiming ( as Craig does ) that there is a unity between God and this alleged " higher moral principle " does n't really resolve any part of this paradoxical situation .
It ought to be clear to all of us that if morality is n't separate from God ( admitting Dr. Craig 's point ) , then it is quite simply also arbitrary in accordance with God 's will ( God could change his mind at any time ; and perhaps that explains why genocide was acceptable in the Old Testament , as I 've shown , above , and this again makes morality totally arbitrary ) .
And God believers are trapped here because human morality has recently evolved far beyond the morality reflected in the text of their Holy Bible .
Modern humans have evolved new moral ideals that transcend the ancient commandments of the Judeo - Christian God .
These modern human ideals eliminate any and all need for God 's commands as the foundation of moral authority .
Human morality has evolved into something that is far superior to the God morality of the Holy Bible !
The plain fact of the Principles , stated above as the law for this case against God , is that most humans , acting through their respective governments , have all agreed , regardless of their underlying religious or moral beliefs , or their racial , ethnic , or social affinities , to the moral imperatives inherent within those Principles , as stated above .
The only real question is whether or not human acts commanded by God can be judged on this same principle .
Principle IV obviates the answer to that inquiry :
The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him .
Believers would certainly agree that " God " is " a superior " in the context of the above .
And in fact , in modern times ( meaning the past couple of centuries ) , when members of minority religious groups claim a religious justification for acts that the majority finds to be morally reprehensible , few will stand up for their right to perform those morally reprehensible acts , even if their particular " God " has commanded such acts . [ 10 ]
Here in the United States , we do not recognize a " religious belief " exception to any of our otherwise - neutral criminal laws .
Notwithstanding the " free exercise " provisions of the First Amendment , all people here in these United States must abide by the criminal laws of the various applicable government entities , with virtually no exceptions . [ 11 ]
By law , we , the people of the United States of America , have declared that God 's commands must remain compliant with the moral standards represented by human laws .
The United States has placed itself above God in at least that one respect : people may not use God as an excuse to avoid moral responsibility for their acts and omissions . [ 12 ]
Professor Bradley continues this argument by posing the question of what a modern God - believer would do if one of the ancient commands were to be repeated in modern times :
Consider First Samuel 15:3 in which the Lord commands his people : Now go and strike Amalek and utterly destroy all that he has , and do not spare him : but put to death both man and woman , child and infant . . .
Now ask yourself three questions : ( i ) Was " put to death both man and woman , child and infant " the very word of the Lord whom you worship ?
( ii ) Is it conceivable that your Lord could again issue the same command in our time ?
( iii )
If you did believe you were so commanded by your Lord , could you and would you obey ?
If you answer " No " to question ( i ) , you deny the authority of God 's so - called word , the Bible .
If you answer " No " to question ( ii ) - perhaps because you think your Lord might have mended his ways - you deny that God 's commands have the kind of universal applicability which is a necessary condition of their being in accord with , let alone the source of , moral truths .
If you answer " No " to question ( iii ) , you must think that it is sometimes right , or even obligatory , to disobey God .
You thereby admit that moral truths are independent of , and may even conflict with , God 's dictates .
You admit that ethics is , as most philosophers have long insisted , autonomous ; and that we must , therefore , do our moral thinking for ourselves .
But if you answer " Yes " to each question , then I submit that your belief in the God of biblical theism is not just mistaken but morally abhorrent .
For , in the words of my friend , John Patrick , who resigned from the Presbyterian ministry in New Zealand after he discovered how many of his parishioners also answered " Yes " to all three questions : " a doctrine of the Scriptures as containing the Word of God , the supreme ruler of faith and duty , has the power to turn otherwise gentle , thoughtful , and basically loving people into a group prepared to sanction genocide in the name of the Lord they worship . "
Many Christians , when confronted by this dilemma , will attempt to deny ( ii ) on the ground that Christ 's passion " changed the rules " and what were once binding moral rules for all of mankind are now neither binding nor moral .
This at least explains the disparity between the Old Testament and the Principles as a more modern statement of universal morality .
But again , does n't that admit that God 's once inviolable ( Old Testament ) covenant with mankind is ephemeral ?
Having changed
His mind at least twice , [ 13 ] could not God change it again ( and again ) , and once again command a change in morality ?
And is n't that back to ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Euthyphro dilemma , " what is moral is moral because it is commanded by God , " which we ( as a civilized people ) refuse to allow ?
Is n't this exactly the morally repugnant principle of moral relativism that you hear many Christians rant and rave against as a justification for their belief in God ?
The contradictions in the positions of God-believers abound , since it is impossible to reconcile the moral rules of three millennia ago with the moral lessons humans have learned in just the past two centuries .
With all of this in mind , we are now ready to consider the question that began this essay section : is God subject to human moral judgments ?
Certainly , in the case of humans who claim to be acting under the command of God , we do not hesitate to hold their conduct to conformance with the Principles .
Thus , if the Israeli people were to claim that God had commanded them to exterminate the Palestinian people , the world would rise as one voice , with a strong sense of moral outrage , and condemn any and all steps towards the attainment of that objective .
So , what is the difference between the modern conduct of Jews exterminating Palestinians and the ancient concept of Jews exterminating the Canaanite people , the Bashan people , the Heshbon ( or Amorite ) people , the Midianite people , and so on and so forth for most of the battles of the Old Testament ?
If we would find genocide to be morally repugnant today ( if , for instance , the Israeli people killed all of the Palestinian people within the borders of Israel ) , then why is it not morally repugnant when performed about 3,000 years ago ?
And if genocide is acceptable when performed about 3,000 years ago , then upon what basis can we declare it to be morally repugnant today ?
In this latter case , upon what basis do we proceed with any war crimes trials , anywhere ?
Do we then indict ourselves for having held the Nuremberg trials and all of the rest of them ?
I cannot believe that , for the sake of maintaining the dual beliefs in God and the literal truth ( or moral authority ) of the Holy Bible , we would renounce the basic moral Principles stated above !
And if those Principles transcend all particular forms of religious conviction , then is n't it proper to judge the actions of all people in accord with those Principles ?
And if the acts of all people are to be judged according to those Principles , ca n't we at least consider whether or not a God who commands those acts is morally culpable ?
I believe not only that we can , but also that it is morally imperative for us to do so !
Morality can ( and does ) exist independent from ( and as a superior concept to ) God .
So , rendering judgment herein is morally proper ( and even compelled ) conduct for humanity .
Principle III states : " The fact that a person who committed an act which constitutes a crime under international law acted as Head of State or responsible Government official does not relieve him from responsibility under international law . "
If God is the superior of all Heads of State , then why can't we judge God by the same Principles we would use to judge any Head of State ? [ 14 ]
Is n't that particularly appropriate when these Heads of State claim to be acting under the direction of God , as Moses , Joshua , and the rest of the leaders of ancient Israel were claiming to act in the quotes , above ?
Who here will deny that if a Jim Jones or a David Koresh claims to be acting as God 's one true prophet here on Earth , and that God is commanding him to act in some particular way , that we would hesitate to judge such people according to the laws of men ?
In fact , we do it very frequently .
We have never established a legal right to " the God defense " in any criminal prosecution .
We do not allow people to defend themselves in criminal actions by claiming justification due to divine command . [ 15 ]
If we refuse to allow such a defense , are n't we , in fact , judging the morality ( or immorality ) of the command to be equivalent to the morality ( or immorality ) of the act ?
And is n't that exactly the same moral principle stated by Principle IV , which I will state , again , here :
The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of his Government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law , provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him .
If I hear the voice of God in my head , commanding me to commit genocide , do n't I have a moral duty to ignore that voice , and to take whatever additional actions might be necessary to prevent me from acting on that voice ?
Whether or not you believe in that as a principle of law , it is a fact that this is the operational rule that governs situations of this sort in practice in most societies around the world .
Clearly , the genocidal conduct of any human is subject to judgment under the Principles no matter what commands they received or who those commands came from .
And if the acts of the Jews who carried out God 's commands can be judged under the Principles , then it would defy logic to claim that God Himself was exempt from judgment under the provisions of Principle VII :
Complicity in the commission of a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity as set forth in Principle VI is a crime under international law .
Thus , it necessarily follows , from all of the foregoing , that we humans have jurisdiction to judge God and the acts of His followers in carrying out His commands .
It is apparent that all of the humans whose acts are described in the summaries from my selected Books of the Old Testament , as stated above , ( Moses , Joshua , etc. ) are all long dead .
Thus , it only remains to us to pass judgment upon God .
Once jurisdiction is admitted ( or proven , by the foregoing argument ) , there can not be any doubt about the ultimate judgment .
Nuremberg is still too fresh in the memories of humanity for any such doubt to exist .
The Old Testament records multiple incidents where God ordered the Jews to commit atrocities that constitute crimes under the Principles , as stated above .
According to the Principles , God must be found to be guilty of crimes against peace , war crimes , and crimes against humanity .
God committed crimes against peace by violating his " non-aggression pact " with mankind after the flood ( Genesis 8:21 . ) ; while he did n't destroy " every living thing " ever again , he did destroy every living member of certain tribes of humans .
And God committed crimes against peace by mounting wars of aggression , using his Jewish troops to invade otherwise - peaceful territory then belonging to other people .
God committed war crimes by ordering the murder of people not engaged in armed resistance against the Jews ; by deporting people to slave labor , working for the Jews ; by murder ( or ill - treatment ) of prisoners of war ; by plundering public and private property ; by wanton destruction of entire cities , towns , or villages ; and by devastation not justified by military necessity .
Many of the same facts convict
God of crimes against humanity , in that he ordered the murder ( or extermination ) of entire populations of people ; the enslavement of human female virgins ; and other inhuman acts done against civilian populations , all done in execution of ( or in connection with ) the aforementioned crimes against peace or war crimes .
The God of the Torah is a beast ; reflecting the beastly state of human morality several thousands of years ago .
We should not be surprised to find God convicted of crime under modern - day moral standards , agreed to by the vast bulk of modern governments .
Of course , the reality of the situation is that we have tried God in absentia , because ( we atheists would assert )
God does not exist .
Believers have long recognized that the Argument from Evil was one of the strongest arguments against theism .
Well , holding God to the very moral standards that His believers have agreed to impose upon each other ultimately seems to be a fitting end for Him .
There do not appear to be any valid arguments for believers to use to escape the consequences of this rather simple moral argument against God .
As compared to the Argument from Evil , this argument would appear to be much stronger due to its far greater simplicity .
I 've always personally preferred arguments that not only disprove what the other side claims , but which also explain the basis of the counter - claims by our side .
Thus , while not strictly relevant to the trial of God for genocide , etc. , I 'm including this brief section to explain the true source of the moral rules that we proclaim for ourselves .
This same argument can also be used as evidence for objective moral values in the dispute over whether morality is subjective ( i. e. , " moral relativism " ) or objective in nature . [ 16 ]
From the foregoing sections , it seems clear that morality is independent of God .
The alternative is to hold that no matter what God orders , it is a moral duty simply because God orders it .
That holding must be denied at the peril of being found to be an abhorrent and potentially genocidal person .
Denying that holding requires us to discover some other source for morality .
But from where could morality actually come ?
The real answer is very descriptive and quite explanatory , even if modern philosophers cannot adequately systemize it .
Morality is a product of human evolution .
Specifically , morality appears to be a meme . [ 17 ]
The principle of natural selection appear to operate upon memes in some fashion , causing some memes to become widespread and others to be discarded .
One of the most widely held moral memes is the Golden Rule , which is found in many seemingly distinct forms within most advanced societies .
Yes , it is expressed differently in each society that holds to it in some form .
And in application , at least , it has clearly evolved itself as a concept .
In more primitive civilizations , the rule only applies to dealings with other members of the civilization , and not to outsiders .
In our modern view , we see the Golden Rule as a moral standard that ought to be broadly applicable to all dealings among humans .
Of course , there is also some reason to believe that at least some components of moral behavior are controlled by genetics .
We can observe hints of this in animals as low as insects ( the so - called " social insects " being a primary example ) .
To the extent this is true , it ought to be clear that morality can be controlled to that extent by evolution .
One of the most intense debates in philosophy is between the advocates of moral relativism and the advocates of moral objectivism .
But , as we can clearly see from looking at the foundational issues of this debate , moral relativism does n't really have a viable foundation as a moral theory .
And , frankly , it should not .
Most of us at least wish to believe that our most basic moral rules ought to remain constant no matter where we choose to live and no matter what the circumstances of our life might become .
For such wishes to be true , some version of moral objectivism must be true .
But which version is true ?
And just how do we explain an allegedly " objective " moral rule set that changes ?
The best arguments seem to come from the adherents of consequentialism .
And in fact , the Golden Rule itself can be seen as a form of consequentialism ( the consequences of failing to treat others as you would wish to be treated can include the unhappiness you will feel when others treat you the way that you treat them , etc. ) .
Also , the concept that moral memes arise through evolutionary forces like natural selection would tend to indicate that experience teaches humans what the consequences of their various actions ( and inactions ) are , and our reactions to those consequences would seem to provide the impetus for evolving new ( or related ) moral memes .
This can easily explain why people in the time of the Old Testament would not see the abhorrent nature of genocidal wars , while modern people , who have experienced things like the Jewish Holocaust in some way , would .
Thus , we can see that our moral principles change ( evolve ) in accordance with our shared human experiences .
Once again , we confront the necessity of a broad and complete overview of recorded human history , taught to our young with a sense of vigor and importance , as an indispensable aid to promoting morality in our society . [ 18 ]
Prior to the nineteenth century , slavery was an accepted practice .
The Holy Bible itself gives the Jews several sets of rules on how to acquire and manage slave populations ( see , for instance , Deuteronomy 20:10 - 18 on how to acquire slaves ) .
And Jesus said nothing at all against slavery as an institution of civil law ; and he could not , for he was bound , as a devout Jew , to proclaim that he was not to alter any part of the Old Testament law . [ 19 ]
That fact provided biblical justification for slavery in the United States until the Civil War .
England abolished slavery three decades before the United States did , and both nations still struggle with the primary relic of a slavery mentality : racial discrimination .
Still , if we look back over the millennia , we can see clear signs of moral evolution from our roots as barbaric , primitive peoples , on through early civilizations , and progressing onwards to our present time .
We can plot our progress in defining greater moral rules by looking back in time , on an exponential scale , something like this :
Roughly 32 centuries ago , we had a large tribe of Jewish genocidal bigots running around in what is roughly modern - day Israel , killing all of the inhabitants who were not either Jewish or virgin females ( see above ) .
Roughly 16 centuries ago , we had the Christians rise to power in the Roman Empire and begin persecuting pagans and other non-Christians who stood in their way .
Prime examples of this are the sack of the pagan temples ( including the Serapeum ) [ 20 ] in Alexandria ( around 390 CE ) and the extremely brutal death of Hypatia [ 21 ] ( around 415 CE ) .
Roughly 8 centuries ago , we had the Roman Catholic Christians raping and pillaging the Islamic ( and Orthodox Christian ) cities of the near east , during the crusades , creating resentful feelings that persist to this day . [ 22 ]
Roughly 4 centuries ago , both the Catholics and the Protestants were still burning religious dissenters at the stake .
The Catholics burned Giordano Bruno in 1600 , while John Calvin burned ( " roasted alive , " more correctly ) Michael Servetus in 1553 .
( As a side note , the Salem witch trials were in 1692 , and while none of the convicted witches were burned , over a dozen were killed by hanging and other means .
Again , the Christians were out to kill those who were " different " than them . )
Roughly 2 centuries ago , the enlightenment had brought an era of moral rationalism to our society , but while people were learning to be tolerant of religious differences , there were still many slaves owned by the revered founders of the United States .
Slavery was abolished in Great Britain about 1835 and in the United States about 1865 .
Roughly a century ago , the idea of a common set of " human rights , " that were seen as applicable to all humans , everywhere , as a matter of right , was spreading throughout the world .
But nationalism was still keeping people from different nations from viewing each other as truly " equal . "
Nonetheless , for the first time in history , virtually all women were granted at least equal political rights with men , in that the leading nations of the West granted women the right to vote .
Today , we view people from all nations and religious beliefs as possessed of these basic human rights , and we have begun ( with a few notable trials of " war criminals " and so forth ) , as a body of people containing the whole human race , to enforce those rights in certain limited circumstances .
We have encroached upon nationalism to at least the degree required to hold the more - despicable nationalist leaders responsible for their moral crimes .
And we have witnessed the rise of huge international charity groups , like the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders , who are each dedicated to helping people who are not necessarily part of their own " kith and kin . "
This viewing of all people as being part of a common " family of man " has led to an empathy for others against whom we might take up arms , and thus we have anti-nationalism , anti-colonialism , and anti-war demonstrations taking place in all parts of the world in the past half - century .
I look forward with some hope that our concept of a universal human morality will spread over the next half - century , and that when we reach that point in time , almost all people on Earth will view themselves as first and foremost , part of the human race , entitled to dignity , respect , and good treatment for that reason alone , and only to some lesser degree members of some national , religious , or other group of fellow humans .
What lies ahead for humanity even further into the future ?
That is a very difficult question to even grasp .
But just as the past record of progress in shared moral values seems to illustrate progress in the past , I can only hope that humanity will continue to achieve even greater progress in establishing a common moral foundation for all of mankind .
The very fact that our fundamental moral values can change drastically over time argues against morality being controlled by God ( or by any gods of any sort at all ) .
After all , if a perfect God controlled morality , then morality would come to humanity in its final ( perfect ) and fully - evolved form .
It would not come to us piecemeal , delivered painfully over long periods time , as the result of lessons drawn from human history .
Thus , the very fact that we humans must learn morality clearly demonstrates to us that God does not give us morality ; morality is of human origin , and is totally independent of God .
But the lack of long - term moral rule stability could also be seen as arguing against the concept of moral rules being in any way equivalent to the " constant " physical laws of our universe .
However , just as Einstein's Theory of Relativity remained an undiscovered physical law until very recently in human history , so too the moral rule against genocide may well have been an undiscovered moral rule until fairly recently .
What might have caused that moral rule to be discovered ?
For those of us who believe in the trial - and - error approach to science , it was the lack of a compelling case of the death of innocents .
The Jews of the Holocaust provided just such a case , and the empathy of the world for their plight caused us to recognize that we would never wish for any group , anywhere , to suffer any similar sort of fate .
It has always been difficult for humans to adopt a new basic moral rule ( or rule set ) .
It is almost two centuries since the " civilized nations " of Europe abolished slavery , and we still struggle with its after - effects of racism here in the United States .
And the dramatic changes of technology over the past century have introduced the need for even more basic changes in human morality .
If " change " is to mean " progress , " then there must be some sort of absolute scale upon which the morality of the past may be measured and declared to be inferior to the morality of the present .
I would personally argue for some moral standards based upon the principles of evolutionary survival ( for instance , we know that a gene pool needs diversity and strength to survive ; a moral " meme pool " must also need those same kinds of characteristics ) .
We now recognize that diversity in our genes and memes is part of our strength as the species of homo sapiens .
We cannot obtain this diversity if we act in ways that force conformity upon everybody within the influence of our various governments .
As these scientific principles emerge from the darkness of our prior ignorance of them , our moral principles are forced to evolve to accomodate an increasingly diverse population of humans at all levels .
The ancients ( and the moderns until very recently ) sought to enslave and / or economically exploit the people of foreign nations .
The ancients ( and the moderns until very recently ) sought to obtain a homogenous population of people who all worshipped the same God(s ) , believed in the same governmental systems , and pursued the same goals of conquest of others .
As far back in history as you might care to go , it is " us " against " them " with the former always characterized as the " good guys " and the latter always characterized as the " bad guys . "
Today , we do n't view the King of Sweden as having any more " inherent natural rights " than does an " untouchable " in India .
We are increasingly viewing ourselves as the family of man , and that change clearly makes us more moral in how we interact with each other . [ 23 ]
It is always easy to be angry and to try to hurt those who are your " natural enemies . "
The smaller you form your group of " friends , " the easier the whole business of morality becomes .
The more " enemies " you have , the more people there are to " plunder " and " obtain advantage over . "
But those acts of taking advantage of others will generate resentment among those who are taken advantage of , and some day , the " chickens will come home to roost . "
There are many wisdom sayings in many cultures here on Earth which teach us not to take advantage of our fellow man .
But we have always , in the past , seen this as a commandment only to behave with respect to those of us who are part of our " us " group .
The " them " group was always " fair game . "
If there is a new basic morality working its way through humanity right now , it is based upon this concept of our having empathy for all humans , no matter what sort of human they might be .
In other words , everybody is now part of the " us " group , and is to be protected , respected , and cherished , with the same moral privileges as anybody else we know .
It is this exact overarching moral rule which is totally at odds with the whole Judeo - Christian God .
The God who would send most of mankind to Hell for disbelieving in Him cannot command the respect of those who adhere to , or advocate , this new universal human morality .
Accordingly , we must now be on the brink of the Humanist millennium , as there will be no place in the 21st century for the Christian bigots of the 20th century .
It is frankly apalling to see just how many people continue to blindly follow the amoral lead of the Judeo - Christian God .
Frankly , it is only by ignoring issues like those presented herein that believers can continue to both believe in their God and consider themselves to be " moral actors " within the human population .
When you take a long view over past millennia of human history , two things become obvious .
The first is the hopeful signs of human progress , as we have clearly evolved new moral standards and thereby improved our relationships to each other within the overall human community .
The other is the realization that religious claims to moral truth cannot be true .
Religion cannot be the foundation of human morality .
Instead , human morality evolves over time , as history clearly demonstrates .
We seem to evolve new moral rules only long after we could really use them .
It is like we have to be really sure that a new rule is needed , and to force ourselves to adopt that rule only when there is no other alternative .
So it seems with our moral rules against racism and genocide .
Still today , we struggle with the question of just what sorts of abhorrent conduct would justify a violation of national sovereignty by the nations of the world .
Our current attitude is to only send troops into nations who ask for " peace keeping forces , " such as in Bosnia .
In other countries where human rights violations are rampant , we do not send troops , because to do so would be to violate that other currently inviolable rule : the sanctity of national sovereignty .
So the spread of newly discovered moral rules is a slow ( and for many people , painful ) process .
Can we guess what might be the next " universal moral rule " to be " discovered " in this same way ?
A good candidate for a next " universal moral rule " would be some way of dealing with the possibility of the total destruction of humanity ( and most other life forms here on Earth ) through nuclear warfare .
Most humans would probably see any moral rule that would prevent that occurrence as beneficial .
But the question as to what sorts of undiscovered moral rules actually exist is a troubling one to those of us who would like to adhere to the best possible moral standards right now .
But there must be some strong impediment to thinking deeply about these moral standards .
Perhaps our bias in favor of a God as a source of morality is preventing us from addressing these deeper moral issues ( at least , until now ) .
It surely seems that a formal study of ethics leaves us with far more questions than it gives us answers .
In any case , we should not allow our current inability to formulate an " iron clad " ethical rule set as a moral foundation for modern or future humans to provide an opening for believers of the Holy Bible to drag us back to the immorality of its ancient declared rule set . [ 24 ]
To discard three to four millennia of moral progress would truly be a tragedy for mankind !
Just how far can we carry the analogy between genes and memes ?
Is there a " design space " ( a la Dennett ) for our memes of morality ?
History would surely argue that some increasingly refined sense of morality is needed for people to live in larger and larger communities of increasingly diverse humans .
Genetic and memetic homogeneity is possible only in very small groups .
The larger the group , the less homogeneity there is , simply through the process of evolution through random chance .
But whatever ultimate answer for our moral questions might actually exist out there in the future of mankind , that answer will most likely be properly characterized as an objective moral rule ( or rule set ) .
And any such moral rule ( or rule set ) will most likely be viewed as a major advance over whatever moral rule ( or rule set ) has been set down by any God ( or gods ) .
Finally , any such universal and foundational moral rule ( or rule set ) will most likely be created from the people of the Earth ( through " experience " for example ) , by the people of the Earth , and for the benefit of all the people here on Earth .
At least , that would be my personal hope .
As far as I know , all book - length treatments of trials of God are fictional .
I present herein a few of the best :
Blameless in Abaddon -
This is the second book in James Morrow 's Godhead Trilogy , with the theme herein being a Job - like situation wherein the Job- character rebels and puts God on trial in the World Court for crimes against humanity .
, with the theme herein being a Job - like situation wherein the Job- character rebels and puts God on trial in the World Court for crimes against humanity .
The Trial of God : A Play -
This fictional trial incorporates elements of the real - life trial that the author , famous Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel , witnessed while in prison at Auschwitz .
Wiesel translates that experience to " a medieval European village where three itinerant Jewish actors put God on trial to answer for His silence during a pogrom . "
This provides a uniquely - Jewish perspective through an examination of their tradition of " arguing with God . "
God on Trial , by the now - deceased Holocaust - survivor John W. Rice , provides a far more factual , if perhaps too - gritty , portrait of the trials and tribulations of the Jews during the Holocaust .
This was a self - published book , and has very limited availability .
GOD ON TRIAL 2000 : The Indictment of God for Crimes Against Job , by Stuart C. Goldberg , is another self - published effort , this time by a former federal prosecutor , who uses the literary device of an investigation and trial to look at the same sorts of questions raised by this essay .
I would like to also recommend the other James Morrow books that are somewhat related to his " trial " book , listed above :
Towing Jehovah is the first book in James Morrow 's Godhead Trilogy .
It looks at the same underlying facts from a different perspective .
Chronologically , while the books are independent of each other , this book provides the first glimpse at the death of God .
.
It looks at the same underlying facts from a different perspective .
Chronologically , while the books are independent of each other , this book provides the first glimpse at the death of God .
The Eternal Footman is the third book in James Morrow 's Godhead Trilogy .
In this book , the world must go on without God , and we get a glimpse of a humanistic society as it takes hold .
.
In this book , the world must go on without God , and we get a glimpse of a humanistic society as it takes hold .
Only Begotten Daughter is n't part of James Morrow 's trilogy ( above ) , but it is interesting in its own right as the tale of a modern - day second - coming with a female in the lead role .
This essay would have been a great deal more difficult for me to write but for the similar prior essay written by Professor Bradley , A Moral Argument for Atheism , and but for the extensive compilation of Bible Atrocities by Donald Morgan .
I express my deep thanks to them both .
I would also like to thank the many people who read earlier versions of this essay and who made constructive suggestions for improving it .
What you see here was greatly affected by the many good suggestions I received .
Richard Carrier was particularly helpful in this regard .
[ 1 ]
My reference here is to the Judeo - Christian " God " of the Old Testament of the Christian Bible .
Said " God , " who is also known as " the God of Abraham , " is also revered by Islamic people .
For the sake of any Hindus or believers in any other " God (s ) , " I do not mean to imply that this essay extends to them .
[ 2 ]
This essay is an offshoot of my debate with Jim Mitchell .
I probably would not have thought much about these matters if I had not been forced to come up with a strategy to counter his worldview , which is based upon the presupposition that the " revealed truth " of the Christian Holy Bible is the basis of everything that exists in the universe .
The only counter - argument that seemed valid was that belief in the Judeo - Christian God is immoral .
[ 3 ]
I 'm going to generally omit the phrase " Judeo - Christian " from here on out , although the argument I am presenting herein is clearly made only against that particular God .
[ 4 ]
By " atheism " in this context I mean disbelief in the " God " defined above .
Under this standard , I am an atheist , although with a broader definition of the word " God " ( such as a " First Cause " definition of God ) I would return to my basic philosophical stance of agnosticism .
[ 5 ]
These Principles are derived from the Charter of the International Military Tribunal , established by a treaty between the United States , Great Britain , France , and the Soviet Union , after the Second World War , " for the just and prompt trial and punishment of the major war criminals of the European Axis . "
[ 6 ]
This is derived from one of Plato 's dialogs , between Socrates and Euthyphro .
[ 7 ]
Richard Carrier makes a strong point to me , in a private e-mail message , that merely demonstrating God 's lack of compassion in ordering the murder of othewise - innocent children , even if morally justifiable , still makes God into a monster unworthy of worship .
This is a theme and variation on Wittgenstein 's comment to Drury , as quoted in Jim Still 's essay , The Mental Discomfort of " Why ? "
Wittgenstein said : " If I thought of God as another being like myself , outside myself , only infinitely more powerful , then I would regard it as my duty to defy him . "
Lord Acton 's comment about power tending to corrupt , and absolute power tending to corrupt absolutely , probably enters into this value judgment .
The moment we begin to view God as a tyrant , our seemingly - natural instinct to defy tyrants will cause us to feel that Wittgenstein must be correct and that we ought to denounce and defy a tyrannical God .
And just how can we view the God who orders the total destruction of entire cities of people as being anything but tyrannical ?
So , once again , it is our moral duty to denounce and defy this Judeo - Christian God .
[ 8 ]
See , for instance , 1 Samuel 15:1 - 35 , where Saul fails to kill the king of the people he conquered , as well as failing to kill the cattle and the other animals that God has ordered to be killed .
[ 9 ]
For a discussion of the Unknown Purpose Defense in its usual context , the atheistic Argument From Evil , please see Section 8 of Professor Ted Drange 's essay , The Arguments From Evil and Nonbelief .
The threshold argument against this defense revolves around the burden of proof .
If the defenders of God wish to invoke this particular defense , they must at least characterize the nature of the purpose for which these sorts of abhorrant acts are justified .
In other words , they must be able to describe at least one potential set of circumstances which might justify the killing of the entire population of innocent young children that were living as inhabitants in some city or area of the Earth .
The essence of the Unknown aspect of this defense is that the defenders claim that mankind cannot know God 's ultimate purpose .
But should we accept that assertion when it is being used to justify the most heinous sorts of acts imaginable by humans ?
There is substantial agreement among most of humanity that these sorts of acts are criminal in nature , and no court of law on the face of this planet would accept a defense that asserts merely that the defendant knows something that justifies these most - heinous of acts .
Accordingly , the whole Unknown Purpose Defense must necessarily fail when it is being asserted in support of the most heinous of acts known to mankind .
[ 10 ]
There are numerous court cases on record upholding this point of law .
In the United States , many of them trace back to the claim of the Mormons to their right , granted by their holy book , to live in polygamous marriages .
The courts of the United States , in spite of the First Amendment , refused to grant the Mormons any such right .
Our common moral standards are asserted to exist above the religious beliefs of any and all sects .
[ 11 ]
The one recent notable exception is when the City of Hialeah , Florida , attempted to criminalize certain animal slaughter practices of the Santeria sect .
The U. S. Supreme Court found that the practices had not been otherwise illegal previously , that the City had enacted these laws specifically to prevent the Santeria sect from establishing its facility within the City , and that there was no cognizable neutral purpose that could save the law from these findings .
[ 12 ]
In fact , one of the political objectives of the Radical Religious Right is to invert this moral standard so as to force the civil law to become subservient , once again , to religious courts .
Personally , I can only hope that these forces fail , for success would push us back several centuries into the past so far as ascertaining the applicable moral standards governing human conduct are concerned .
At least some of the right - wing Christian adherents may well believe that Hitler 's morally repugnant extermination of the Jews was " the right thing to do . "
I would only hope that the force of worldwide public opinion would necessitate a change in that attitude , should those forces manage to come to power within this nation .
[ 13 ]
The first time is in His covenant with Noah , and the second time is in His covenant due to Jesus .
[ 14 ]
Technically , even the Pope is a " head of state " in this regard .
We can judge the Pope , so why not also judge the God commanding the Pope 's actions ?
[ 15 ]
This is , of course , quite distinct from mounting an insanity defense based on those same facts .
[ 16 ]
In his commentary on this essay , Larry Hamelin points out that my main argument , above , works just as well when somebody is committed to a subjectivist moral stance .
He points out that , under this scenario , God ( if God exists ) created humans with a subjective moral sense which requires us to judge his genocidal commands ( and related acts and omissions ) as abhorrant .
Therefore , we must either assume that our moral sense is absolutely unreliable , or else that God can , in fact , act immorally .
On the first horn of this dilemma , we are unable to act morally without specific ( and continuous ) guidence from God since we cannot rely upon our built - in moral sense to determine what is moral and what is not moral ( because we cannot gain specific insight by using our innate moral sense to guide us based upon any sort of general principles we might recognize ) .
Since
God no longer gives this sort of specific ( and continuous ) moral guidance to ( at least most of ) humanity , we are cast adrift in a moral cesspool of God 's own devising , and thus God is irrelevant to subjective human morality .
On the other horn , we have the possibility that whatever God might do can be immoral , and thus even our God - given moral sense can be unreliable as a moral guide , since any God capable of acting immorally cannot be trusted to have given us a proper moral sense .
Again , God is irrelevant to subjective human morality .
Because my " moral progress through moral evolution " argument seems to be quite strong , I do n't attempt to make any argument for subjective morality , but for the moral subjectivist folks who might read this essay , I offer Larry 's commentary to you .
[ 17 ] Richard Dawkins coined the word " meme " in his 1976 book , The Selfish Gene .
It is defined as : " an idea , behavior , style , or usage that spreads from person to person within a culture . "
[ 18 ]
The underlying thought goes back at least to Thucydides [ c. 460 - 400 BCE ] , cited by Dionysius of Halicarnassus [ c. 54 - c. 7 BCE ] , " The contact with manners then is education ; and this Thucydides appears to assert when he says history is philosophy learned from examples . "
( Ars Rhetorica , XI , 2 . ) .
[ 19 ]
See , for instance , Matthew 5:17 - 20 .
[ 20 ]
An excerpt from The Ecclesiastical History , by Socrates Scholasticus , which has generated much controversy ( due to its description of the destruction of the Serapeum , while failing to mention the many books that were stored there ) , is hereby quoted in full : " At the solicitation of Theophilus bishop of Alexandria the emperor issued an order at this time for the demolition of the heathen temples in that city ; commanding also that it should be put in execution under the direction of Theophilus .
Seizing this opportunity , Theophilus exerted himself to the utmost to expose the pagan mysteries to contempt .
And to begin with , he caused the Mithreum to be cleaned out , and exhibited to public view the tokens of its bloody mysteries .
Then he destroyed the Serapeum , and the bloody rights of the Mithreum he publicly caricatured ; the Serapeum also he showed full of extravagant superstitions , and he had the phalli of Priapus carried through the midst of the forum .
The pagans of Alexandria , and especially the professors of philosophy , were unable to repress their rage at this exposure , and exceeded in revengeful ferocity their outrages on a former occasion : for with one accord , at a preconcerted signal , they rushed impetuously upon the Christians , and murdered every one they could lay hands on .
The Christians also made an attempt to resist the assailants , and so the mischief was the more augmented .
This desperate affray was prolonged until satiety of bloodshed put an end to it .
Then it was discovered that very few of the heathens had been killed , but a great number of Christians ; while the number of wounded on each side was almost innumerable .
Fear then possessed the pagans on account of what was done , as they considered the emperor 's displeasure .
For having done what seemed good in their own eyes , and by their bloodshed having quenched their courage , some fled in one direction , some in another , and many quitting Alexandria , dispersed themselves in various cities .
Among these were the two grammarians Helladius and Ammonius , whose pupil I was in my youth at Constantinople .
Helladius was said to be the priest of Jupiter , and Ammonius of Simius .
Thus this disturbance having been terminated , the governor of Alexandria , and the commander - in - chief of the troops in Egypt , assisted Theophilus in demolishing the heathen temples .
These were therefore razed to the ground , and the images of their gods molten into pots and other convenient utensils for the use of the Alexandrian church ; for the emperor had instructed Theophilus to distribute them for the relief of the poor .
All the images were accordingly broken to pieces , except one statue of the god before mentioned , which Theophilus preserved and set up in a public place ; ' Lest , ' said he , 'at a future time the heathens should deny that they had ever worshiped such gods . '
This action gave great umbrage to Ammonius the grammarian in particular , who to my knowledge was accustomed to say that ' the religion of the Gentiles was grossly abused in that that single statue was not also molten , but preserved , in order to render that religion ridiculous . '
Helladius however boasted in the presence of some that he had slain in that desperate onset nine men with his own hand .
Such were the doings at Alexandria at that time . "
[ 21 ]
An excerpt from The Ecclesiastical History , by Socrates Scholasticus , describes the death of Hypatia this way : " For as she had frequent interviews with Orestes , it was calumniously reported among the Christian populace , that it was she who prevented Orestes from being reconciled to the bishop .
Some of them therefore , hurried away by a fierce and bigoted zeal , whose ringleader was a reader named Peter , waylaid her returning home , and dragging her from her carriage , they took her to the church called Caesareum , where they completely stripped her , and then murdered her with tiles .
After tearing her body in pieces , they took her mangled limbs to a place called Cinaron , and there burnt them . "
The word rendered here as " tiles " can be translated either as oyster shells or roof tiles .
Either way , the implication here for most people is that they flayed her alive .
[ 22 ]
During his recent visit to Greece , Pope John - Paul II was obliged to apologize for the many excesses committed by the Roman Catholics during the Crusades .
[ 23 ]
Islam , in particular , has a set of moral rules which command its believers to treat other believers fairly , but those moral rules do not extend to any " infidels . "
Other religions have themes and variations on this same sort of concept .
For Christians , it seems to take the form of advertisements in the Yellow Pages containing fish symbols for Christian - owned businesses who want other Christians to patronize them .
At its base , this is all just a religiously - encouraged " us versus them " mentality , which we MUST today see as immoral , or at least , unfair ( which should be the same thing as " immoral " ) .
[ 24 ]
It would seem , from a study of the current sects of Christianity , that the stronger their belief is in the Old Testament as the inerrant word of God , the stronger their belief is in the restoration of those
Old testament moral rules , such as stoning people to death for apostasy .
The text of this essay is Copyright © 2001 , by William A. Schultz .
All Rights Reserved .
Used by permission of the author .
Scientists have built the first synthetic genome by stringing together 147 pages of letters representing the building blocks of DNA .
The researchers used yeast to stitch together four long strands of DNA into the genome of a bacterium called Mycoplasma genitalium .
They said it 's more than an order of magnitude longer than any previous synthetic DNA creation .
Leading synthetic biologists said with the new work , published Thursday in the journal Science , the first synthetic life could be just months away – if it has n't been created already .
" We consider this the second in our three - step process to create the first synthetic organism , " said J. Craig Venter , president of the J. Craig Venter Institute where scientists performed the study , on Thursday during a teleconference .
" What remains now that we have this complete synthetic chromosome … is to boot this up in a cell . "
With the new ability to sequence a genome , scientists can begin to custom - design organisms , essentially creating biological robots that can produce from scratch chemicals humans can use .
Biofuels like ethanol , for example .
" The J. Craig Venter Institute will be able to take a file stored on a computer and using synthetic chemistry , turn that information into life , " said Chris Voigt , a University of California at San Francisco synthetic biologist .
" I would be shocked if it does n't come out in six months .
I think they 've done it . "
The technique is basically a reverse of the Human Genome Project , which translated DNA into the letters A , C , T and G , which represent the body 's building blocks : the nucleotides adenine , thymine , guanine and cytosine .
Synthetic biologists ' ambitious goal is to arrange those letters to create never - before - seen organisms that will do their bidding .
The first phase of Venter 's three - step process , which he published last year , involved transplanting and " booting up " the genome of one species of bacterium into another .
The remaining step is to combine the first two steps , then insert the new synthetic genome into a standard bacterium .
Scientists said they expect the announcement of man-made life this year .
The ability to synthesize longer DNA strands for less money parallels the history of genetic sequencing , where the price of sequencing a human genome has dropped from hundreds of millions of dollars to about $ 10,000 .
Just a few years ago , synthesizing a piece of DNA with 5,000 rungs in its helix , known as base - pairs , was impossible .
Venter 's new synthetic genome is 582,000 base - pairs .
" The largest piece that had been published in the scientific literature was 32 kilobases , " Venter said .
" This is on the order of 20 times the size . "
" I would think that you could get to a million base pairs , " said Jim Collins , a professor of biomedical engineering at Boston University .
" I do n't think there 's anything that 's hindering the use of these approaches to go for much bigger genomes . "
The key to the new technique is the yeast 's natural ability to staple long strands of DNA together .
" What 's really interesting about yeast is that … ( it takes ) multiple incomplete synthetic parts and assembles them , " said Daniel Gibson , a synthetic biologist at the Venter institute and senior author of the paper .
Hamilton Smith , a synthetic biologist who led the Venter Institute research , said that the team 's new technique should work for other genomes , although the full potential of the technique is unknown .
But scientists were enthusiastic about the possibilities .
" Once this becomes routine , it allows us to build whatever genome we want , " Voigt said .
" You can design a genome to incorporate a particular chemical process to change what the cells are eating and what the cells are making .
You can make robotic cells . "
One goal of synthetic biology is to create a so - called minimal genome that would consist of the smallest amount of genes necessary to keep the organism alive .
Such a bacterial " chassis " would provide an ideal platform for mounting modules like biofuel production to create tiny biological robots .
Other researchers , like Tom Knight of MIT , Drew Endy of Stanford , and a host of synthetic biology startup companies are all after this prize , which could lead to a replacement for fossil fuels .
Voigt sits on the scientific advisory board of a biofuels startup , Amyris .
But synthetic biologists are also planning to scale up from the simplest organisms to the most complex : human beings .
The first bacterial genome was sequenced in 1995 and was followed by the landmark sequencing of the human genome in 2001 .
Based on that trajectory , Voigt estimated that a synthetic human genome – which could be used in human cloning research – could be created by 2014 .
But before researchers can do that level of synthetic biology , scientists will need to automate their methods .
Beyond this work , Voigt said , scientists will need programming tools , in the same way computer scientists use higher level programming languages like Fortran , C++ and Java , to control computer function .
" ( Otherwise it 's like ) writing Vista in binary , " he said .
" It 's just not going to happen . "
One hundred and ninety - nine years after Charles Darwin was born , and 149 years after he published On the Origin of Species , some scientists say that the theory of evolution is due for a revision .
Not a religiously inspired revision – intelligent designers need not apply .
Nobody suggests that genetic mutation and natural selection are n't responsible for the evolution of birds from reptiles or humans from tree - swingers .
But a growing number of scientists do say that neo -Darwinian evolution does n't explain certain jumps in biological complexity : from single - celled to multicellular organisms , from single organisms to entire communities .
The jumps – saltations , in complexity parlance – appear to be non-linear emergent phenomena , the result of networked interactions that produce self - organization at ever higher levels .
From this perspective , Darwinian evolution is a mechanism of a higher universal law , perhaps even a variant on the second law of thermodynamics .
I 've got an article in the pipeline on the union of complexity theory and evolutionary biology , and over the next few days will publish outtakes from the interviews here .
One interviewee was Carl Woese , a titan of 20th century microbiology , who with colleague George Fox reorganized the organismal kingdom from five branches to three .
Woese 's experience with bacteria led him to look for an evolutionary framework larger than that provided by Darwin and his intellectual descendants .
Bacteria – which may account for up to half of Earth 's biomass – swap genes without reproducing ; with millions residing in a teaspoon of seawater , Woese sees them in terms of networked communities rather than individual cells , and interprets their evolutionary history as driven by the non-linear self - organization that 's now being studied at all biological scales .
It 's a rough analogy , but if you knew a lot about individual stars , it 's doubtful you could predict the existence of galaxies .
When the larger unit is sufficiently integrated , the individual unit is not as individualistic as you think . [...]
The prokaryote concept is a bunch of crap , and stood in the way of the development of microbiology for 80 years .
Only now is microbiology emerging , and people like you can hear what I 'm saying .
These concepts are not based on the individual organism , the individual species .
The individual unit in microbiology is not the cell ; the primary unit is the organismal community .
Cells develop in organismal community ; they do n't give rise to them ; the evolution of the cell takes place in the framework of this community .
The individual organism more tightly coupled to the whole than we recognized . [...]
The world of animals and plants began with eukaryotic cells , as you know ; what the history of the development of the eukaryotic cell is , I do n't know , but it 's clearly a more complex entity than either the archaea or the bacteria .
There 's something we 're going to find about the eukaryote that 's very special , and captures the essence [ of emergence and complexity at the heart of evolution . ] [...]
Evolution is a process that manifests itself at a level - independent way .
You 've got these basic cells , viruses along with them – and then the multicellular world , the same evolutionary scenario played out , but the dynamics are shown to be the same ; then you go to society and see the same dynamic playing out again – but it's not the darwinian dynamic .
It 's the pre-Darwinian dynamic , when individuality had little significance , and everything was in distributed interaction . [...]
Saltations are state changes .
The simple example would be something like a magnet heated up to a high temperature where the iron dissolves ;
the magnetic properties are gone ; then when you reach a critical temperature in cooling down , the magneticism reappears in a very short temperature change .
The property is gone in the individual iron atoms , but when they behave collectively , you see the property of the whole .
That 's a very simple example .
The microbial world is where I work ; [ saltational evolution ] predicts that there should be properties of the collective thing , that arise as the thing collects . [...]
Twentieth century biology was structured according to a linear
Newtonian worldview .
Linear thinking is not the kind of thinking that 's needed to study evolution .
It does n't help you understand the nature of systems .
Molecular biologists were so set about linearity that when the gene came along , they took the gene to be the be-all and end - all of basic biology .
That comes out of thinking in terms of particles and linear interactions ....
I see evolution as the quintessential non-linear dynamics problem .
It 's heady stuff , and a lot of the hard science that Woese explained did n't come out well enough in transcription to make sense here .
To understand him more completely I highly recommend reading " A New Biology for a New Century , " published in 2004 in
Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews .
It 's a visionary blend of history and microbiology , and shows that Woese is that rarest of all organisms : a brilliant scientist who can really write .
Update : a follow - up post , " Evolution as Biological Thermodynamics "
Image :
The current evolutionary stage of our Charles Darwin Photoshop Tennis Contest
See Also :
Science Journalism 2.0 : Pop the hood on Wired Science ....
Computer specialist Didier Stevens put up a simple text advertisement on the Internet offering downloads of a computer virus for people who did not have any .
Surprisingly , he found as many as 409 people clicking on the ad saying “ Is your PC virus - free ?
Get it infected here ! ” during a 6 - month advertising campaign on Google ’s Adword , said the IT security expert .
“ Some of them must have clicked on it by mistake .
Some must have been curious or stupid , ” said Mikko Hypponen , head of research at data security firm F - Secure .
There was no virus involved , it was an experiment aiming to show these kind of advertising systems can be used for malicious intent , Stevens said .
Source - The Weird World Of Economics
Category : Uncategorized
I was hacking around with a program that needed tree - structured data , and I wanted to generate all possible trees of a certain size .
I searched around and found nothing useful .
After a few experiments involving Python generators , postfix expressions , and recursive trees , I ’ve got some code to enumerate binary trees .
I started with postfix expressions because they are easy to work with , and are equivalent to trees , in that trees are like infix notation expressions , and they are equivalent to postfix .
After some puzzling on it , I saw the recursive light , and came up with this to generate all possible postfix expressions :
# Enumerate postfix expressions
def _exprs ( expr , stack_depth , vals , ops ) :
" " " Generate postfix expressions recursively .
`expr` is the expression so far , a list of values and operators .
`stack_depth` is the depth of the stack created by expr .
`vals` is a list of values remaining to add to the expression .
`ops` is a list of possible operators to choose from .
" " "
if stack_depth == 1 and not vals :
# This is a valid expression .
yield expr
if stack_depth > 1 :
# Try using an operator
for o in ops :
for e in _exprs ( expr + [ o ] , stack_depth - 1 , vals , ops ) :
yield e
if vals :
# Vals are available , push one on the stack
for e in _exprs ( expr + [ vals [ 0 ] ] , stack_depth + 1 , vals [ 1 :] , ops ) :
yield e
def exprs ( vals , ops ) :
" " " Generate postfix expressions created from `vals` , the list of values
to use , and `ops` , the possible operators to combine them with .
" " "
return _exprs ( [ ] , 0 , vals , ops )
def all_exprs ( n , ops = '+ ' ) :
vals = " ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ " [ : n ]
return [ " " . join ( e ) for e in exprs ( vals , ops ) ]
print "
" . join ( all_exprs ( 4 , '+*' ) )
for i in range ( 2 , 15 ) :
ndyck = len ( all_exprs ( i ) )
print " % 2d : % 7d expressions " % ( i , ndyck )
The nice thing here is the generator is a pretty clear expression of the enumeration technique : as you are building an expression :
if the stack has one item , and there are no more values to squeeze in , you have a valid expression .
if the stack is two or more deep , then you can add to expression by using an operator to combine those top two values , and the stack is now one shallower .
if you have more values to use , you can append the next one to the expression , and the stack is now one deeper .
The nature of recursive generators requires the for / yield structure :
# When recurring in generators , you have to loop to pull the values ,
# and yield each one :
for v in _recursive_generator ( blah ) :
yield v
# Would n't it be cool if you could do this instead :
yield _recursive_generator ( blah )
# but that would yield a generator , a style of recursion I can't quite wrap
# my head around !
Running the code shows all the expressions of two operators on five values , and the counts of expressions of one operator over varying numbers of values :
A B + C + D +
A B + C + D *
A B + C * D +
A B + C * D *
A B + C D + +
A B + C D + *
A B + C D * +
A B + C D * *
A B * C + D +
A B * C + D *
A B * C * D +
A B * C * D *
A B * C D + +
A B * C D + *
A B * C D * +
A B * C D * *
A B C + + D +
A B C + + D *
A B C + * D +
A B C + * D *
A B C + D + +
A B C + D + *
A B C + D * +
A B C + D * *
A B C * + D +
A B C * + D *
A B C * * D +
A B C * * D *
A B C * D + +
A B C * D + *
A B C * D * +
A B C * D * *
A B C D + + +
A B C D + + *
A B C D + * +
A B C D + * *
A B C D * + +
A B C D * + *
A B C D * * +
A B C D * * *
2 : 1 expressions
3 : 2 expressions
4 : 5 expressions
5 : 14 expressions
6 : 42 expressions
7 : 132 expressions
8 : 429 expressions
9 : 1430 expressions
10 : 4862 expressions
11 : 16796 expressions
12 : 58786 expressions
13 : 208012 expressions
14 : 742900 expressions
I still wanted to find other work on this stuff , and I figured anyone who had successfully enumerated trees would also have done a count like I did , so I did a search on the last two counts ( 208012 742900 ) .
I was directed to a few interesting pages , in particular the wikipedia page on Catalan numbers , which confirmed that my count of trees is correct , and led to the theory of Dyck languages , which is too much math for my purposes , and led to a few interesting papers that I could n’t understand .
To make trees , my first impulse was to use my expression generator and then execute the expressions to construct trees , but that seemed unnecessary , so I adapted the expression code to create trees directly :
# Enumerate binary trees
class Leaf :
def __init__ ( self , val ) :
self .
val = val
def __str__ ( self ) :
return str ( self . val )
class Node :
def __init__ ( self , op , left , right ) :
self . op = op
self .
left , self .
right = left , right
def __str__ ( self ) :
return " ( %s %s %s ) " % ( self .
left , self . op , self .
right )
def _trees ( stack , vals , ops ) :
if len ( stack ) == 1 and not vals :
yield stack [ 0 ]
if len ( stack ) > 1 :
for op in ops :
left = stack [ - 2 ]
right = stack [ - 1 ]
if hasattr ( right , ' op ' ) and right .
op == op :
# Avoid duplicates : our operations are associative ,
# so we can skip trees like ( A + ( B+C ) ) , since we'll
# get ( ( A+B ) +C ) instead on another iteration .
continue
new_node = Node ( op , left , right )
new_stack = stack [ : - 2 ]
new_stack .
append ( new_node )
for t in _trees ( new_stack , vals , ops ) :
yield t
if vals :
stack .
append ( Leaf ( vals [ 0 ] ) )
for t in _trees ( stack , vals [ 1 :] , ops ) :
yield t
def trees ( vals , ops = " + " ) :
return _trees ( [ ] , vals , ops )
def all_trees ( n , ops = '+ ' ) :
vals = " ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ " [ : n ]
return trees ( vals , ops )
print "
" . join ( map ( str , all_trees ( 4 , '+*' ) ) )
Which produces :
( (( A + B ) + C ) + D )
( (( A + B ) + C ) * D )
((( A + B ) * C ) + D )
((( A + B ) * C ) * D )
( ( A + B ) * ( C + D ) )
( ( A + B ) + ( C * D ) )
((( A * B ) + C ) + D )
((( A * B ) + C ) * D )
((( A * B ) * C ) + D )
((( A * B ) * C ) * D )
(( A * B ) * ( C + D ) )
(( A * B ) + ( C * D ) )
(( A * ( B + C ) ) + D )
(( A * ( B + C ) ) * D )
( A * ( ( B + C ) + D ) )
( A + ( ( B + C ) * D ) )
( ( A + ( B * C ) ) + D )
( ( A + ( B * C ) ) * D )
( A * ( ( B * C ) + D ) )
( A + ( ( B * C ) * D ) )
( A + ( B * ( C + D ) ) )
( A * ( B + ( C * D ) ) )
One tricky thing about this generator : it avoids trees which are structurally different , but with associate operators produces the same result , so it wo n’t return both ( ( A+ B ) + C ) and ( A + ( B+C ) ) .
If you want both of those trees , remove the check at line 25 for right associativity .
The number of trees grows very large as the number of leaves becomes big enough to be interesting .
I guess I ’ll have to dig into application - specific ways to limit the choices .
Mozilla Foundation Security Advisory 2008-07
Possible information disclosure in BMP decoder
Announced February 19 , 2008 Reporter Gynvael Coldwind // Vexillium Impact Moderate Products Firefox , SeaMonkey Fixed in Firefox 2.0.0.12
SeaMonkey 1.1.8
Description
Security researcher Gynvael Coldwind of Vexillium ( crediting help from udevd and porneL ) demonstrated that BMP images could be used to reveal small chunks of uninitialized memory that might contain sensitive data from other pages or other programs , and that this data could be extracted from the image using methods associated with the < canvas > feature .
Because this flaw also affected products from other vendors disclosure was delayed until they could release a fix .
Update : Thunderbird was incorrectly listed as affected by this vulnerability .
The maliciously formed BMP images would contain noise influenced by uninitialized memory as in Firefox , but Thunderbird lacks the < canvas > feature necessary for an attacker to extract the data from the image .
Workaround
Disable JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be installed .
References
Â
DonÂ´t you just find it totally annoying , that you have to spoil the good pork chop taste in you mouth with mint tastin toothpicks after having enjoyed a delicious barbecue meal ?
Well , no more you have to .
Just acquire some of these bacon flavoured toothpicks !
Source : www.coolest-gadgets.com
Dear Peter , — I have received your two letters of December 30 and April 18 , and am very happy to find by them , as well as by letters from Mr. Wythe , that you have been so fortunate as to attract his notice & good will ; I am sure you will find this to have been one of the most fortunate events of your life , as I have ever been sensible it was of mine .
I enclose you a sketch of the sciences to which I would wish you to apply , in such order as Mr. Wythe shall advise ; I mention , also , the books in them worth your reading , which submit to his correction .
Many of these are among your father 's books , which you should have brought to you .
As I do not recollect those of them not in his library , you must write to me for them , making out a catalogue of such as you think you shall have occasion for , in 18 months from the date of your letter , & consulting Mr. Wythe on the subject .
To this sketch , I will add a few particular observations .
1. Italian .
I fear the learning of this language will confound your French and Spanish .
Being all of them degenerated dialects of the Latin , they are apt to mix in conversation .
I have never seen a person speaking the three languages , who did not mix them .
It is a delightful language , but late events having rendered the Spanish more useful , lay it aside to prosecute that .
2. Spanish .
Bestow great attention on this , and endeavor to acquire an accurate knowledge of it .
Our future connections with Spain and Spanish America , will render that language a valuable acquisition .
The ancient history of that part of America , too , is written in that language .
I send you a dictionary ...
3. Moral Philosophy .
I think it lost time to attend lectures on this branch .
He who made us would have been a pitiful bungler , if he had made the rules of our moral conduct a matter of science .
For one man of science , there are thousands who are not .
What would have become of them ?
Man was destined for society .
His morality , therefore , was to be formed to this object .
He was endowed with a sense of right and wrong , merely relative to this .
This sense is as much a part of his nature , as the sense of hearing , seeing , feeling ; it is the true foundation of morality , and not the to kalon [ beautiful ] , truth , &c. , as fanciful writers have imagined .
The moral sense , or conscience , is as much a part of man as his leg or arm .
It is given to all human beings in a stronger or weaker degree , as force of members is given them in a greater or less degree .
It may be strengthened by exercise , as may any particular limb of the body .
This sense is submitted , indeed , in some degree , to the guidance of reason ; but it is a small stock which is required for this : even a less one than what we call common sense .
State a moral case to a ploughman and a professor .
The former will decide it as well , & often better than the latter , because he has not been led astray by artificial rules .
In this branch , therefore , read good books , because they will encourage , as well as direct your feelings .
The writings of Sterne , particularly , form the best course of morality that ever was written .
Besides these , read the books mentioned in the enclosed paper ; and , above all things , lose no occasion of exercising your dispositions to be grateful , to be generous , to be charitable , to be humane , to be true , just , firm , orderly , courageous , etc .
Consider every act of this kind , as an exercise which will strengthen your moral faculties & increase your worth .
4. Religion .
Your reason is now mature enough to examine this object .
In the first place , divest yourself of all bias in favor of novelty & singularity of opinion .
Indulge them in any other subject rather than that of religion .
It is too important , and the consequences of error may be too serious .
On the other hand , shake off all the fears & servile prejudices , under which weak minds are servilely crouched .
Fix reason firmly in her seat , and call to her tribunal every fact , every opinion .
Question with boldness even the existence of a God ; because , if there be one , he must more approve of the homage of reason , than that of blindfolded fear .
You will naturally examine first , the religion of your own country .
Read the Bible , then as you would read Livy or Tacitus .
The facts which are within the ordinary course of nature , you will believe on the authority of the writer , as you do those of the same kind in Livy & Tacitus .
The testimony of the writer weighs in their favor , in one scale , and their not being against the laws of nature , does not weigh against them .
But those facts in the Bible which contradict the laws of nature , must be examined with more care , and under a variety of faces .
Here you must recur to the pretensions of the writer to inspiration from God .
Examine upon what evidence his pretensions are founded , and whether that evidence is so strong , as that its falsehood would be more improbable than a change in the laws of nature , in the case he relates .
For example , in the book of Joshua , we are told , the sun stood still several hours .
Were we to read that fact in Livy or Tacitus , we should class it with their showers of blood , speaking of statues , beasts , etc .
But it is said , that the writer of that book was inspired .
Examine , therefore , candidly , what evidence there is of his having been inspired .
The pretension is entitled to your inquiry , because millions believe it .
On the other hand , you are astronomer enough to know how contrary it is to the law of nature that a body revolving on its axis , as the earth does , should have stopped , should not , by that sudden stoppage , have prostrated animals , trees , buildings , and should after a certain time gave resumed its revolution , & that without a second general prostration .
Is this arrest of the earth 's motion , or the evidence which affirms it , most within the law of probabilities ?
You will next read the New Testament .
It is the history of a personage called Jesus .
Keep in your eye the opposite pretensions : 1 , of those who say he was begotten by God , born of a virgin , suspended & reversed the laws of nature at will , & ascended bodily into heaven ; and 2 , of those who say he was a man of illegitimate birth , of a benevolent heart , enthusiastic mind , who set out without pretensions to divinity , ended in believing them , and was punished capitally for sedition , by being gibbeted , according to the Roman law , which punished the first commission of that offence by whipping , & the second by exile , or death in fureâ .
See this law in the Digest Lib. 48 . tit. 19 . §. 28 . 3 . & Lipsius Lib 2 . de cruce .
cap .
2 . These questions are examined in the books I have mentioned under the head of religion , & several others .
They will assist you in your inquiries , but keep your reason firmly on the watch in reading them all .
Do not be frightened from this inquiry by any fear of its consequences .
If it ends in a belief that there is no God , you will find incitements to virtue in the comfort and pleasantness you feel in its exercise , and the love of others which it will procure you .
If you find reason to believe there is a God , a consciousness that you are acting under his eye , & that he approves you , will be a vast additional incitement ; if that there be a future state , the hope of a happy existence in that increases the appetite to deserve it ; if that Jesus was also a God , you will be comforted by a belief of his aid and love .
In fine , I repeat , you must lay aside all prejudice on both sides , and neither believe nor reject anything , because any other persons , or description of persons , have rejected or believed it .
Your own reason is the only oracle given you by heaven , and you are answerable , not for the rightness , but uprightness of the decision .
I forgot to observe , when speaking of the New Testament , that you should read all the histories of Christ , as well of those whom a council of ecclesiastics have decided for us , to be Pseudo - evangelists , as those they named Evangelists .
Because these Pseudo - evangelists pretended to inspiration , as much as the others , and you are to judge their pretensions by your own reason , and not by the reason of those ecclesiastics .
Most of these are lost .
There are some , however , still extant , collected by Fabricius , which I will endeavor to get & send you .
5. Travelling .
This makes men wiser , but less happy .
When men of sober age travel , they gather knowledge , which they may apply usefully for their country ; but they are subject ever after to recollections mixed with regret ; their affections are weakened by being extended over more objects ; & they learn new habits which cannot be gratified when they return home .
Young men , who travel , are exposed to all these inconveniences in a higher degree , to others still more serious , and do not acquire that wisdom for which a previous foundation is requisite , by repeated and just observations at home .
The glare of pomp and pleasure is analogous to the motion of the blood ; it absorbs all their affection and attention , they are torn from it as from the only good in this world , and return to their home as to a place of exile & condemnation .
Their eyes are forever turned back to the object they have lost , & its recollection poisons the residue of their lives .
Their first & most delicate passions are hackneyed on unworthy objects here , & they carry home the dregs , insufficient to make themselves or anybody else happy .
Add to this , that a habit of idleness , an inability to apply themselves to business is acquired , & renders them useless to themselves & their country .
These observations are founded in experience .
There is no place where your pursuit of knowledge will be so little obstructed by foreign objects , as in your own country , nor any , wherein the virtues of the heart will be less exposed to be weakened .
Be good , be learned , & be industrious , & you will not want the aid of travelling , to render you precious to your country , dear to your friends , happy within yourself .
I repeat my advice , to take a great deal of exercise , & on foot .
Health is the first requisite after morality .
Write to me often , & be assured of the interest I take in your success , as well as the warmth of those sentiments of attachment with which I am , dear Peter , your affectionate friend .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
In Part 3 of this series , we finished by discussing the discrepancies between the video image of bin Laden in the infamous Confession Tape and other photos of bin Laden , such as the montage above .
Now we are get deeper into the analysis of the tape itself , but first , if you want to get up to speed on this series , here are the links to the previous three articles :
Part 1 ( click here )
Part 2 ( click here )
Part 3 ( click here )
Now we are going to look more deeply at bin Laden " confessing " to a sheikh that he had perpetrated 9/11 .
The tape was " found " by good fortune in Jalalabad sometime in , apparently , November , 2001 and was analyzed and translated first by the Pentagon , and then be outside translators .
Here is a portion of an NPR report describing this find on Dec 13 , the date the Pentagon released the information :
JIM LEHRER : A most chilling videotape was made public today .
The pentagon released a tape of Osama bin Laden discussing the successful attacks of September 11 .
Administration officials said it makes clear that bin Laden was the mastermind behind the operation .
Ray Suarez begins our report .
RAY SUAREZ : The tape bore a label indicating it was made on November 9 .
Administration officials would n't reveal exactly how or when they got it , except to say it was found in a house in Jalalabad after anti-Taliban forces moved in .
The U.S. Government translated the Arabic conversation and provided subtitles .
The tape , which has a home video quality , shows bin Laden sitting on the floor in a bare room in a house in Kandahar .
With him are several other men , including two aides and an unidentified cleric , or Sheikh .
Bin Laden , identified on screen as UBL , made it clear he planned the September 11 attacks .
( source )
Here is an NPR online synopsis of this same top story :
Dec. 13 , 2001 --
The Pentagon has released a videotape of Osama bin Laden , that it says provides additional evidence that the al Qaeda leader is responsible for the Sept. 11 terror attacks .
Administration officials say the tape shows bin Laden had specific knowledge of when and where those attacks would occur before they took place .
The videotape -- discovered in a private home in Jalalabad , Afghanistan -- shows a relaxed bin Laden discussing the attacks in Arabic with another man who appears to be a cleric .
On the tape , bin Laden says he was pleasantly surprised by the amount of destruction caused at the World Trade Center ; he only expected the top portion of the twin towers to collapse .
According to a translated transcript issued by the Pentagon , bin Laden says the attacks on the World Trade Center did more damage than expected .
" ... we calculated in advance the number of casualties from the enemy , who would be killed based on the position of the tower , " he says , according to the transcript .
" We calculated that the floors that would be hit would be three or four floors .
I was the most optimistic of them all .
(... Inaudible ... ) due to my experience in this field , I was thinking that the fire from the gas in the plane would melt the iron structure of the building and collapse the area where the plane hit and all the floors above it only .
This is all that we had hoped for . "
Bin Laden also indicates on the tape that he knew of the attacks in advance .
" We had notification since the previous Thursday that the event would take place that day , " he says .
" We had finished our work that day and had the radio on .
It was 5:30 p.m. our time ...
Immediately , we heard the news that a plane had hit the World Trade Center .
We turned the radio station to the news from Washington .
The news continued and no mention of the attack until the end .
At the end of the newscast , they reported that a plane just hit the World Trade Center . " ( source )
Sounds pretty much on the up and up so far , although the Pentagon 's refusal to say how and when they recovered this tape should raise a red flag , and the extraordinary luck in finding one small video in a city of some 160,000 Afghans is , well , extraordinary .
But hey , stranger things have happened .
But now things start to get a little weirder .
Read this NPR prologue to the fully translated transcript released by the Pentagon :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Natalie Portman Takes on a Royal Role Star dishes on seduction and her relationship with Scarlett Johansson .
Feb. 28 , 2008 --
It is a tale of seduction , adultery , and murder , all played out in the garb of British royals before the backdrop of Henry VIII 's Hampton Court .
These are the ingredients for Natalie Portman 's latest role , playing Anne Boleyn in the royal drama " The Other Boleyn Girl . "
For the role , the Oscar - nominated Harvard alum became the fated Tudor queen whose grisly demise has long captured the historical imagination .
In an interview with Peter Travers for ABC News Now 's " Popcorn , " Portman explained that , at its most basic , " The Other Boleyn Girl " is the story of an ambitious young woman trying to " raise herself in power and position . "
But the film , adapted from British novelist Philippa Gregory 's best - selling fictional biography , delves deep into the personal sagas behind what Portman called " the great historical epic of Henry VIII . "
Sisters ' Born to Be Rivals '
As in Gregory 's novel , the central conflict unfolds around the story of two sisters and their rivalry .
Anne Boleyn , the dark and calculating enchantress , finds her pursuit of the king thwarted only by the beautiful Mary Boleyn , her guileless younger sister whose fascination with the court lures her into Henry 's bedroom .
Portman said she found a new set of challenges in the role of Anne Boleyn .
" The central question to trying to figure out any character is :
Why do they do the things they do ?
How did they become the person they became ? "
Portman said .
This was particularly important in playing Anne , she said , because the young woman is " cruel " and " calculating . "
In the novel , Gregory portrays Anne as a monomaniacal figure who tramples family and scruples to get to the throne .
But Portman found complexity within the character .
" I do n't necessarily believe in just bad people , " Portman said .
" Every once in a while there is just a bad person , but that 's not necessarily an interesting character .
" It 's interesting to see sort of where she comes from and to see the family at the beginning , to see the values with which she 's raised , " she said .
To read Peter Travers ' Rolling Stone Review of " The Other Boleyn Girl , " please click here .
' The Other Boleyn Girl '
First - time feature director Justin Chadwick tapped Golden Globe winner Scarlett Johansson — like Portman a former child star — to star as Anne 's younger sister Mary .
And though their characters vie for the same prize onscreen , Portman insisted that the two had no such rivalry off camera .
" People are dying to pit us against each other , every interview we do , they just would love for a story of a catfight to be there , " she said .
On the contrary , the two young actresses connected seamlessly as both friends and co-workers .
" I signed on first and then I was really excited , " Portman said .
" I 've admired Scarlett since ' Manny and Lo , ' I 've been a fan of her since we were kids .
We really were a team throughout and really wanted to be together .
We had the same goal of making a great movie . "
A New Look at History
History has long depicted the intrigues of Henry VIII 's court and the turbulence — and treachery — of the king 's many failed marriages .
The film fleshes out the characters who acted out that historical drama around the king , who is played by Eric Bana .
Insisting that " all history is fiction to some degree , " Portman explained that this film is " an imagination of the relationships , based on a lot of facts and truths . "
From ' Star Wars ' to Star Power
Portman said that in her off - screen life she is constantly searching for ways to " divert energy " — her own and that of the tabloid - fed public watching her every move — to " something that actually matters . "
Most recently , that has taken the form of Portman 's social work , including a new designer line of shoes made completely without animal products .
" It makes me feel a little bit better about being in a tabloid if they are like , ' Oh , and look , she 's wearing her vegan shoes ' and someone 's like ' Oh I 'm not going to kill animals for my fashion choices , ' " she said .
Reflecting on her life , Portman said that she feels " very lucky . "
With a career ranging from the child turned hitman in " The Professional , " Queen Amidala in the " Star Wars " films , to the role of the precocious Marty in " Beautiful Girls , " Portman has continued to seek new ways to challenge and reinvent herself .
For now , British history has never looked so good .
Hiking does n't require much in the way of specialist walking gear but there are a few things to keep in mind when hiking with kids .
Little feet grow quickly .
Have children try on their hiking boots and break in new walking shoes before you depart on a walking holiday .
Not all child carriers are the same .
Select a model with adequate suspension as well as padded shoulder straps and waist belt .
A rain / sun hood , an option on short walks around town , is essential on hikes and backcountry treks .
If you are carrying a child in a kid carrier for the first time , try it out before you hit the trail .
Families departing on a multi-day trip should consider comfortable and well - made hiking boots as well as properly fitting and sufficient capacity backpacks .
Trekking poles are both fashionable and fun but are hardly a necessity on short hikes with kids .
Choosing a Child Carrier
Appalachian Mountain Club
Choosing a Backpack
REI
Read Reviews on Backpacks and Child Carriers
Epinions.com
Choosing Hiking Boots
L.L.Bean
The Case for Trekking Poles
The Lightweight Backpacker
Is your printer spying on you ?
July 20 , 2007 at 3:00 am thinkingshift
Well , this was probably something I should n’t have stumbled onto – printers that spy on you .
Regular Thinking
Shift readers would be well aware of my slight paranoia over CCTV / public webcams , invasion of privacy , the surveillance society and so on .
As part of my research into a future ( no doubt very long ) post , I came across an article from the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) about how some colour laser printers contain “ invisible yellow spy dots ” – a hidden code that silently reveals information such as the serial number of the printer , date and time printed , make and model of the printer .
In other words , you and your printer can be tracked and identified via a secret “ fingerprint ” .
Apparently , the US Secret Service struck a deal with some printer manufacturers to add tracking information to printed matter .
Some manufacturers named by EFF were : Brother , Canon , Dell , Epson Aculaser , Konika / Minolta , Kyocera , Lanier , Ricoh , Savin , Tektronix and Xerox .
Almost on the verge of hyperventilation when learning about this and wondering about the printers in the office I work in ( Government organisation ) , in came a post from Boing Boing , which caused further hysteria .
Apparently , if you are bold enough to ask the manufacturer of your printer to stop spying on you , “ they respond by ratting you out to the Secret Service ( in the US ) as a dangerous subversive , and a few days later , the SS will show up and ask you why you care about your privacy ” .
But Seeing Yellow ( out of MIT ) is planning to launch a spirited campaign against printer manufacturers by overwhelming them with customer complaints .
Apparently , some mention the existence of the tracking dots in their documentation , whilst others do n’t .
The ‘ spy dots ’ can be seen under bright blue light ( LED ) or through a microscope and the particular pattern of the dots identifies which printer was used to print a particular document .
This is an example of the spy dots from the EFF site , which will give you more information about printers and spy dots .
And here is an EFF research paper , with links to white papers and articles .
The official word is that the spy dots were coded to help track counterfeiters but in today ’s climate of mistrust and fear , it takes little imagination to see this as a tool for government surveillance .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : Privacy , Surveillance society .
For the New World Order , a world government is just the beginning .
Once in place they can engage their plan to exterminate 80 % of the world 's population , while enabling the " elites " to live forever with the aid of advanced technology .
For the first time , crusading filmmaker ALEX JONES reveals their secret plan for humanity 's extermination : Operation ENDGAME .
Jones chronicles the history of the global elite 's bloody rise to power and reveals how they have funded dictators and financed the bloodiest wars — creating order out of chaos to pave the way for the first true world empire .
Watch as Jones and his team track the elusive Bilderberg Group to Ottawa and Istanbul to document their secret summits , allowing you to witness global kingpins setting the world 's agenda and instigating World War III .
to Ottawa and Istanbul to document their secret summits , allowing you to witness global kingpins setting the world 's agenda and instigating World War III .
Learn about the formation of the North America transportation control grid , which will end U.S. sovereignty forever .
Discover how the practitioners of the pseudo - science eugenics have taken control of governments worldwide as a means to carry out depopulation .
View the progress of the coming collapse of the United States and the formation of the North American Union .
Never before has a documentary assembled all the pieces of the globalists ' dark agenda .
Endgame 's compelling look at past atrocities committed by those attempting to steer the future delivers information that the controlling media has meticulously censored for over 60 years .
It fully reveals the elite 's program to dominate the earth and carry out the wicked plan in all of human history .
Endgame is not conspiracy theory , it is documented fact in the elite 's own words .
By Mark Kinver
Science and nature reporter , BBC News
Map of world 's Emerging Infectious Diseases hotspots
Enlarge Image
It uses data spanning 65 years and shows the majority of these new diseases come from wildlife .
Scientists say conservation efforts that reduce conflicts between humans and animals could play a key role in limiting future outbreaks .
Writing in Nature , they said their map revealed that global anti-EID resources had been poorly allocated in the past .
Researchers from the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) , and the US - based University of Georgia and Columbia University 's Earth Institute analysed 335 emerging diseases from 1940 to 2004 .
They then used computer models to see if the outbreaks correlated with human population density or changes , latitude , rainfall or wildlife biodiversity .
Finally , the data was plotted on to maps to reveal the " hotspots " around the globe .
Healthy environment
" Our analysis highlights the critical importance of conservation work , " said co-author Dr Kate Jones , a research fellow for ZSL .
" Conserving areas rich in biodiversity from development may be an important means of preventing the emergence of new diseases . "
The researchers found that 60 % of EID events were caused by " non-human animal " sources .
They add that 71 % of these outbreaks were " caused by pathogens with a wildlife source " .
If we continue to ignore this important preventative measure , then human populations will continue to be at risk from pandemic diseases
Dr Peter Daszak ,
Wildlife Trust
Others included the H5N1 strain of bird flu , Ebola and West Nile virus .
The number of events that originated from wild animals had increased significantly over time , they warned .
" This supports the suggestion that zoonotic EIDs represents an increasing and very significant threat to global health , " the paper 's authors wrote .
They added that it also highlighted the need to understand the factors that lead to increased contact between wildlife and humans .
" We are crowding wildlife into ever smaller areas , and human population is increasing , " explained Dr Marc Levy , a global change expert at Columbia University 's Earth Institute .
" Where those two things meet , that is the recipe for something crossing over . "
He added that the main sources were mammals that were most closely related to humans .
' Missing the point '
While some pathogens may be picked up while hunting or by accident , others - such as Nipah virus - are transmitted to humans from wild animals via livestock .
Because humans had not evolved resistance to these EIDS , the scientists said that the results could be " extraordinarily lethal " .
The main hotspots were located in low latitude regions , like South Asia and South - East Asia , which were not the financial focus of global funds to prevent the spread of EIDs .
" Most are focused on richer countries that can afford surveillance , but most of the hotspots are in developing countries .
" If you look at the high - impact diseases of the future , we 're missing the point . "
However , Dr Daszak said that the maps were the first to offer a prediction of where the next new disease could emerge .
His colleague , Dr John Gittleman from the University of Georgia 's Odum School of Ecology , described the data - set as a " seminal moment in how we study emerging diseases " .
" Our study has shown that bringing ecological sciences and public health together can advance the field in a dramatic ways , " he observed .
The researchers said that the priority should be to set up " smart surveillance " measures in the hotspots identified on the map .
Dr Daszak explained that logistically straightforward bio-security measures , such as screening people who come into contact with wild birds and mammals in the hotspot areas , could halt the " next Aids or Sars before it happened " .
" It simply follows the old adage that prevention is better , and cheaper , than finding a cure .
" If we continue to ignore this important preventative measure , then human populations will continue to be at risk from pandemic diseases , " Dr Daszak warned .
Ever wondered what happens to the money you pay to the Police when you get a ticket ?
Here ’s the ultimate battle of Police supercars worldwide .
Personally if I would be a cop I would prefer Germany .
Germany : Brabus CLS Rocket
With 730 hp from a twin - turbo V12 and a top- speed of 225.19 mph , the Brabus CLS Rocket is currently the world ’s fastest legal sedan .
Germany : Porsche 911 Carrera
The Porsche 911 Carrera S has been extensively modified by TechArt for its role as a police car .
With a 6 cylinder engine and 500 hp it ’s capable of over 186 mph and sprinting to 60 mph in just 4.6 seconds .
Austria : Porsche 911
A £ 65,000 supercar that can do up to 177mph for the Austrian Police
Italy : Lamborghini Gallardo
Lamborghini donated one of these beauties to the Italian Police back in 2004 .
They probably liked it as they purchased another one a year later for around $ 166,000 .
Top speed : 190 m ph .
Powered by a 5 liter V10 with 500hp .
Source
Italy : Smart
Not quite a supercar , but I bet chases on the narrow streets of Rome are much more interesting since the Italian Police got this .
USA : Dodge Magnum
Michigan Police acquired an entire Magnum fleet ( they could be used as rams by their looks )
USA : Dodge Viper
Texas ’ way of welcoming visitors
USA : Corvette C6
USA : Ford Mustang
USA : Hummer H2
700 hp Hummer powered by a 7.0L supercharged V8 for a sheriff in Texas
UK : Lamborghini Gallardo
Similar to the Italian Police Gallardo , just with a crappy paint job
UK : Lotus Exige
The Exige is a lightweight , high performance car that accelerates from 0 to 60 faster than typical V8 cars and yet only uses around 5 liters / 100 km .
Australia : Holden VE Commodore
Australia : Alfa Romeo GT
Japan : Nissan Skyline GT-R
China : Hummer ( It just HAD to be a replica )
Holland : Spyker C8 Spyder
406hp and a V8 with Lamborghini doors .
Maximum speed : 186mph
Canada : Jaguar S Type
Bulgaria : Porsche 911
South Africa : Lamborghini Gallardo
Yet another Gallardo with a better paint job than the British version .
The nearly $ 200,000 car was loaned to the authorities by a local Lamborghini importer to use it as an “ attention - getting device ” to control traffic .
A little fun :
Advertising
Tags : police
KDE 4.0.1 Release Announcement
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
KDE Project Ships First Translation and Service Release for Leading Free Software Desktop
Also available in : Chinese
KDE Community Ships First Translation and Service Release of the 4.0 Free Desktop , Containing Numerous Bugfixes , Performance Improvements and Translation Updates
February 5 , 2008 ( The INTERNET ) .
The KDE Community today announced the immediate availability of KDE 4.0.1 , the first bugfix and maintenance release for the latest generation of the most advanced and powerful free desktop .
KDE 4.0.1 ships with a basic desktop and many other packages like administration , network , education , utilities , multimedia , games , artwork , web development and more .
KDE 's award - winning tools and applications are available in almost 50 languages .
KDE , including all its libraries and its applications , is available for free under Open Source licenses .
KDE can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org and can also be obtained on CD - ROM or with any of the major GNU / Linux and UNIX systems shipping today .
KDE 4.0.1 is a maintenance release which provides corrections of problems reported using the KDE bug tracking system and enhanced support for existing and new translations .
Improvements in this release include , but are not limited to :
Konqueror , KDE 's webbrowser has seen numerous stability and performance fixes in its HTML rendering engine KHTML , in its Flash plugin loader and in KJS , the JavaScript engine .
Stability problems have been addressed in components that are used all over the KDE codebase .
Translations in this release are more complete .
KWin , the KDE window manager has improved detection of compositing support , some effects have been fixed .
Aside from these fundamentals , work has also been done in many applications like Okular , System Settings and KStars .
New translations include Danish , Frisian , Kazakh and Czech .
For a more detailed list of improvements since the KDE 4.0 release in January 2008 , please refer to the KDE 4.0.1 Changelog .
Additional information about the enhancements of the KDE 4.0.x release series is available in the KDE 4.0 Announcement .
Installing KDE 4.0.1 Binary Packages
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.0.1 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's http:// download.kde.org .
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , may become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.0.1 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 4.0.1
Source Code .
The complete source code for KDE 4.0.1 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.0.1 are available from the KDE 4.0.1 Info Page .
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software project that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort .
KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions , whether it is help with coding , bug fixing or reporting , writing documentation , translations , promotion , money , etc .
All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted .
Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information .
We look forward to hearing from you soon !
About KDE 4
KDE 4.0 is the innovative Free Software desktop containing lots of applications for every day use as well as for specific purposes .
Plasma is a new desktop shell developed for KDE 4 , providing an intuitive interface to interact with the desktop and applications .
The Konqueror web browser integrates the web with the desktop .
The Dolphin file manager , the Okular document reader and the System Settings control center complete the basic desktop set .
KDE is built on the KDE Libraries which provide easy access to resources on the network by means of KIO and advanced visual capabilities through Qt4 .
Phonon and Solid , which are also part of the KDE Libraries add a multimedia framework and better hardware integration to all KDE applications .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Al Qaeda is the chief suspect in the murder of Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto , standing to gain by preserving its remote stronghold , undermining President Pervez Musharraf and destabilizing the country , U.S. government and private analysts said .
Volunteers carry an injured supporter of Pakistan 's former Prime Minister and opposition leader Benazir Bhutto after her assassination in Rawalpindi December 27 , 2007 .
Bhutto was assassinated on Thursday as she left an election rally in the city of Rawalpindi , putting Jan. 8 polls in doubt and sparking anger in her native Sindh province .
REUTERS / Mian Khursheed
The militant group , which has rebuilt its command structure on the Pakistan - Afghanistan border , was blamed for a previous attempt on Bhutto and it has denounced her as an instrument of U.S. policy in Pakistan .
Bush administration officials said it was too early to identify a clear suspect in Thursday ’s assassination .
But one U.S. official said : “ There are a number of extremist groups within Pakistan that could have carried out the attack ...
Al Qaeda has got to be one of the groups at the top of this list . ”
Al Qaeda ’s Taliban ally , which has publicly threatened Bhutto , was another potential suspect , said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
One analyst said al Qaeda supporters in Pakistan ’s security services may have also played a role , but it was unlikely Musharraf himself was involved .
Killing Bhutto undermines Musharraf , viewed by the United States as an essential ally against terrorism , by eliminating the prospect of a power - sharing agreement between the two that could shore up his deteriorating political standing and stabilize the country , the analysts said .
That in turn reduces chances that Musharraf can revive efforts to drive al Qaeda and the Taliban out of the remote Waziristan tribal areas .
It also fans popular suspicions against Musharraf and sows general confusion .
“ Their ( al Qaeda ’s ) motivation for doing this is entirely clear , ” said David Gartenstein - Ross of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies .
“ They have the most to gain . ”
Bhutto was assassinated by a suicide bomber after an election rally in the city of Rawalpindi , a two weeks before national elections meant to return Pakistan to a civilian - led democracy .
Her death follows a failed assassination attempt in October as she returned from exile to Pakistan .
She blamed that attempt on four groups including al Qaeda and the Taliban .
AL QAEDA DENOUNCES
Al Qaeda ’s second in command , Ayman al - Zawahri , this month denounced Bhutto ’s return as a U.S. - orchestrated maneuver .
“ Everything that is going on in Pakistan , from the arrangement for the return of Benazir to the declaration of the state of emergency ... to repressive measures , is a desperate American attempt to remedy the deteriorating situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan , ” Zawahri said in an interview with al Qaeda ’s media arm .
Shortly before Bhutto ’s return in October , Taliban commander Haji Omar had pledged to attack her .
Pakistan ’s investigation of the killing will be a major test of Musharraf ’s credibility , said P.J. Crowley , a former National Security Council official .
In particular , he said , the probe must make a thorough effort to identify any elements in the government who may be complicit in the attack .
The United States offered FBI assistance in investigating Bhutto ’s assassination , but Pakistan has not yet made a request , FBI spokesman Stephen Kodak said .
Bhutto , in an October letter to an acquaintance read on CNN on Wednesday , said she would hold Musharraf responsible if she were killed , for a failure to authorize adequate security .
U.S. State Department spokesman Tom Casey said : “ We do n’t know who is responsible for this attack .
...
But it is clear that whoever is responsible is someone who opposes peaceful , democratic development and change in Pakistan . ”
( Additional reporting by Paul Eckert , editing by Doina Chiacu )
! Retrieval of Service Document failed : Ca n't connect to localhost on port 9002 : Connection refused - connect ( 2 ) [ Dialog ]
This poor woman just does n’t photograph well .
“ Hey , that ’s the same upholstery I ’m wearing ! ”
After tonight , Hillary will realize the perils of “ point elbow . ”
Following hours of putting out her finger , Hillary turns white from the intestinal buildup .
Someone pull it already !
Anchor Kelly Tilghman SUSPENDED for ' Lynch Tiger ' Remarks ( Photos )
Golf Channel anchoris on the hot seat after telling golfers that they should ' lynch Tiger Woods in a back alley ' as a way to get a leg up on the PGA circuit .
Now she 's sorry indeed and offering apologies to any and all comers .
She has been suspended for two weeks because of those remarks .
Al Sharpton became very vocal in his attempt to see that Tilghman received sanctions .
Golf Channel executives eventually bowed to pressure and reversed their earlier decision to let the remarks slide .
One of the intentions was to point out for European readers why the U.S. and the EU have begun to diverge on their biofuel policies .
In the U.S. this is mostly a political issue , because our primary biofuel is home grown .
In the EU , biofuels are mostly imported , so the EU can take a more objective view .
In response to a recent query from an independent student newspaper in the UK , I wrote up an editorial piece on the politics of biofuels .
That essay is reproduced below the fold .
( The original can be found here . )
Introduction
Government policies often generate unintended consequences .
This has turned out to be the case with the aggressive biofuel policies pursued over recent years by the European Union and the United States .
While the EU was developing action plans and setting targets to promote biofuels , many states in the U.S. - especially those with high levels of corn ( maize ) production - were enforcing mandates to turn that corn into ethanol .
Superficially , this may sound like a great idea .
The world obviously can't continue forever down the path of fossil fuels .
Global Warming is a serious concern worldwide .
Much of the remaining fossil fuel resources are located in areas hostile to the West .
What better way to address these concerns than a movement toward renewable fuels ?
Furthermore , if the market wo n't encourage that move because of poor economics , would n't it make sense for governments to be proactive and force a move to biofuels ?
Of course this is the path we have taken , but we did n't sufficiently consider the potential consequences before doing so .
Criticisms
While corn farmers and palm oil plantation owners have been elated by the policies , critics have warned all along about the short - sightedness of these policies .
Some , like Cornell Professor David Pimentel and Berkeley Professor Tad Patzek , argued that a full life - cycle analysis showed that most biofuels are actually net energy negative - that is it takes more fossil fuel energy to produce biofuels like ethanol than is returned in the process .
This assertion , if true , would imply that expansion of biofuels would actually increase greenhouse gas emissions .
However , Professors Pimentel and Patzek have their own critics , who assert that their studies made flawed assumptions .
But the criticisms of the rush into biofuels did n't stop there .
Some argued that the diversion of grains and edible oils away from food and toward biofuels had the potential to starve the poor .
The United States Department of Agriculture , longtime staunch supporters of the biofuels expansion , published a study that concluded that the policies of the U.S. and the EU would raise prices across the food sector .
Lester Brown , the president of the Earth Policy Institute - a group that advocates environmental sustainability - famously noted in a Washington Post opinion piece that " the grain required to fill a 25 - gallon SUV gas tank with ethanol would feed one person for a full year . "
Brown further wrote :
" Plans for new ethanol distilleries and biodiesel refineries are announced almost daily , setting the stage for an epic competition .
In a narrow sense , it is one between the world 's supermarkets and its service stations .
More broadly , it is a battle between the world 's 800 million automobile owners , who want to maintain their mobility , and the world 's 2 billion poorest people , who simply want to survive . "
Thus , at best the critics suggested that the impact of biofuels policies would increase food prices .
Worse , biofuel mandates may be mandates for starving the poor .
Additional criticisms emerged .
It soon became clear that the new policies were resulting in land usage changes .
Grassland was turned into farmland , and tropical forests into palm plantations .
As a result of EU - fueled demand for palm oil , Indonesia was destroying peat bogs to make room for new plantations , and this greatly increased their greenhouse gas emissions .
This move reportedly made Indonesia the third largest greenhouse gas polluter .
In the U.S. , former ethanol proponents such as Dan Kammen and Alex Farrell of the Energy and Resources Group at UC Berkeley have recently abandoned their position that corn ethanol is environmentally beneficial .
In a January 12 , 2008 memo to California regulators attempting to tackle greenhouse gas emissions in the transport sector , they wrote :
“ Simply said , ethanol production today using U.S. corn contributes to the conversion of grasslands and rainforest to agriculture , causing very large GHG emissions .
Even if only a small fraction of the emissions calculated in this crude way [ through land use change ] are added to estimates of direct emissions for corn ethanol , total emissions for corn ethanol are higher than for fossil fuels . ”
A pair of studies in the current issue of Science was apparently the basis for their change of heart .
The Wall Street Journal reported on the studies :
While the U.S. and others race to expand the use and production of biofuels , two new studies suggest these gasoline alternatives actually will increase carbon - dioxide levels .
A study published in the latest issue of Science finds that corn- based ethanol , a type of biofuel pushed heavily in the U.S. , will nearly double the output of greenhouse - gas emissions instead of reducing them by about one - fifth by some estimates .
" Even if we 're dramatically wrong , it 's hard to get to a result that says you get a benefit over 50 years , " said Timothy Searchinger , a researcher at Princeton University and a co-author of the paper on corn - based ethanol .
In the second study , researchers found that . . . draining and clearing peatlands in Malaysia and Indonesia to grow palm oil emits so much CO2 that palm biodiesel from those fields would have to be burned for more than 420 years to counteract it .
I made my own criticisms , on several fronts .
I criticized what I felt were misleading energy balance studies , which inflated the attraction of corn ethanol .
I criticized the morality of using food for fuel .
I challenged venture capitalist Vinod Khosla , who was promising the world something I did n't feel that he could deliver , and in the process wasting taxpayer money and precious time .
I also challenged the hype of cellulosic ethanol , pointing out issues that the critics were ignoring .
As I was warning about the folly of U.S. ethanol policy , I also cautioned over the irrational exuberance of ethanol investors .
( I should also note that I wrote several essays in favor of certain ethanol applications .
See here , here , and here . )
The World Responds
The criticisms did n't go unnoticed .
The Chinese recognized the threat to their food supplies , and put a halt to new corn ethanol projects , noting that " the current maize - ethanol production capacity has far surpassed what the corn output can provide as an important grain resource . "
The European Union began to recognize the dangers .
EU Environment Commissioner Stavros Dimas said that " the EU had initially underestimated the danger to rainforests and the risk of forcing up food prices from its policy of setting binding targets for the use of biofuels . "
The EU further announced that they would be issuing a certification scheme and promised a " clampdown on biodiesel from palm oil which is leading to forest destruction in Indonesia . "
The U.S. government continued to show short - sightedness , however , and mandated an enormous expansion of the ethanol program .
To understand this , one has to understand that ethanol policy in the U.S. is dictated almost entirely by politics , and not by science .
Because the source of U.S. biofuels is largely domestic , the issue impacts upon a large segment of voters .
Former presidential candidate Bob Dole once explained the issue to oilman T. Boone Pickens : " Bob Dole once told me that there are 42 senators from farm states and that pretty much means the government is going to be into ethanol . "
The prominence of the Iowa presidential caucuses also plays a major role .
The Iowa caucuses are held prior to the elections in most other states , and presidential candidates hope to do well there and gain momentum going into the rest of the campaign season .
Since Iowa is the heart of ethanol production country in the U.S. , candidates pander to the voters there who have greatly benefited from U.S. ethanol policies .
In order to win Iowa , you must support ethanol policy .
Presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and John McCain provide perfect examples of the Iowa influence .
Longtime critics of U.S. ethanol policy - both changed their positions during the most recent presidential campaign .
In 2003 , McCain had come out strongly against U.S. ethanol policy :
" Ethanol is a product that would not exist if Congress did n't create an artificial market for it .
No one would be willing to buy it .
Yet thanks to agricultural subsidies and ethanol producer subsidies , it is now a very big business - tens of billions of dollars that have enriched a handful of corporate interests - primarily one big corporation , ADM .
Ethanol does nothing to reduce fuel consumption , nothing to increase our energy independence , nothing to improve air quality . "
Contrast that with his statements in 2006 as he prepared for a presidential run :
" I support ethanol and I think it is a vital , a vital alternative energy source not only because of our dependency on foreign oil but its greenhouse gas reduction effects . "
Thus , while the world wakes up to the overall social and environmental ramifications of a broad expansion of ethanol policy , the U.S. is unlikely to deviate from the current policy .
If there was a major Midwestern drought that caused the corn crop to fail , it might cause a reevaluation of the policy as corn supplies disappeared .
But barring some sort of catastrophe that impacts ordinary Americans , the policy of turning food into fuel will continue unabated in the U.S .
Lessons Learned
The consequences from these biofuel policies was foreseen by a number of scientists .
However , their criticisms were often shouted down , and their motives were questioned by some proponents .
In the U.S. , proponents cast the ethanol debate in terms of national security , energy independence , and the benefits to farming communities .
Opponents were cast as being anti-farmer and un-American .
This had the unfortunate effect of largely quelling the public debate as these policies were being unveiled and expanded .
Yet these debates must take place , preferably before a well - intentioned policy begins to have such undesirable consequences .
Our political leaders need to carefully consider not only the arguments of proponents , but they also need to give the critics a fair hearing .
Had this been done , we may have been able to focus our attention on renewable options that do not compete with our food supply .
The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee published a report Friday with details about the committee 's investigation into security flaws found in the Transportation Security Administration 's ( TSA ) traveler redress web site .
TSA is a division of the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and is responsible for baggage inspection and airport security .
The site — which enables travelers to seek removal from airline watch lists by providing personal identification information — operated for four months before the vulnerabilities were detected .
The web site was hosted on a commercial domain by a contractor and did not use SSL encryption for submission forms that transmit sensitive identification information .
The few pages of the site that did use SSL used an expired certificate that had been self - signed by the contractor .
The lack of proper encryption was brought to the attention of TSA last year by security researcher Chris Soghoian , who noted that such " major incompetence " could have been avoided by basic oversight .
" At the request of Chairman Henry Waxman , Committee staff have been investigating how TSA could have launched a web site that violated basic operating standards of web security and failed to protect travelers ' sensitive personal information , " says the report summary .
" These deficiencies exposed thousands of American travelers to potential identity theft . "
According to the report , the TSA was completely unaware of the security issues while the site was in operation .
During that time , thousands of travelers submitted personal information through the website and a TSA administrator claimed in congressional testimony that the agency had assured " the privacy of users and the security of the system . "
The web site was created by Desyne Web Services , a web marketing firm from northern Virginia whose clientèle includes the FBI , USA Today , and George Foreman .
TSA awarded Desyne a no-bid contract valued at $ 48,816 for development of the redress system .
According to the report , the Request for Quote ( RFQ ) issued by TSA prior to making the deal stated that Desyne was " the only vendor that could meet the program requirements . "
The report notes that Nicholas Panuzio , the TSA employee and technical lead who authored the RFQ , had previously worked for Desyne and had known the owner of the web design company since high school — a serious conflict of interest .
Following the revelation of security vulnerabilities in the system , TSA transferred the site to a Department of Homeland ( DHS ) Security domain and notified users who submitted information through the unencrypted form that they had been exposed to risk of identity theft .
The committee 's report notes , however , that TSA never reprimanded Panuzio or imposed sanctions on Desyne .
In fact , the report says that Desyne continues to operate several major TSA web sites and has received over $ 500,000 of no-bid contracts web services from TSA and DHS .
This is n't the first time that TSA has gotten itself into trouble for exposing sensitive identification information .
Last year , the agency lost a hard drive with names , Social Security numbers , salary information , and bank routing numbers for 100,000 TSA employees , including air marshals .
The DHS has also suffered serious security breaches in the past year .
As we have noted in the past , the TSA terror watch list has very little efficacy and may actually contribute to security problems .
The creation of the TSA redress system was precipitated in the first place by a study conducted by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) which found that approximately half of the individuals on the watch lists were false positives .
The GAO has also reported ongoing problems with people on the no-fly list accidentally being permitted to fly .
Additionally , TSA reported last year that screeners missed approximately 75 percent of simulated explosives and bomb components that testers hid in their clothing and carry - on bags at Los Angeles International Airport during a review of airport security procedures .
In light of TSA 's steady litany of serious failures , perhaps it 's time for Congress to reconsider the agency 's role in airport security .
Given that in the last ten years we have found roughly 250 planets outside our solar system , it is perhaps prudent to ask whether an alien civilization may have already detected our own planet and its biosphere during the approximately three billion years it has harboured photosynthesising life .
The Drake equation , the famous speculative tool to estimate the number of extraterrestrial civilizations in our galaxy with which we might come in contact , was not intended to address this question but can be modified to do so .
Unfortunately ( but perhaps not surprisingly ) this exercise necessarily involves some mathematical notation , but bear with me – it is relatively simple and in the end you will have a tool to answer ( or rather , speculate ) this question yourself .
The Drake equation reads :
N = R* × f p × n e × f l × f i × f c × L
where N is the number of extraterrestrial civilizations which we might be able to contact , R* is the number of stars forming in the galaxy per year , f p the fraction of those stars that have planets , n e the average number of habitable planets per star that has planets , f l the fraction of habitable planets on which life emerges , f i the fraction of life - harbouring planets on which intelligence evolves , f c the fraction of civilizations that start to emit detectable signals into space , and L the average number of years such civilizations continue to emit signals into space .
Drake and his colleagues originally came up with N = 10 .
With different assumptions we can end up with vastly varying N values , ranging for example from 0.0000001 to 5000 ( see examples here ) .
But N is the estimated number of civilizations in the Milky Way which we might be able to contact , not the probability that the Earth and its biosphere have been detected by an extraterrestrial civilization sometime during the last three billion years .
For that , we need to change the equation a bit .
Given a maximum detection distance from us , for each star within that distance there is a possibility that an alien civilization residing in that system has found Earth .
That possibility can be quantified as probability :
p = f p × n e × f l × f i × f s × f d
where f p , n e , f l and f i are the same as in the Drake equation , f s is the fraction of civilizations that conduct exoplanet searches and f d is the fraction of Earth - like planets actually detected in those searches .
This equation assumes that life and intelligence emerged always within the last three billion years , excluding the possibility of emergence and extinction before photosynthesising life appeared on Earth .
Given the probability of single detection above , we can formulate the probability that Earth has not been detected for a given number of stars S within the maximum detection distance :
p 0 = ( 1 – p )
S
Now let ’s plug in some numbers .
I assume that alien civilizations are interested in and capable of detecting Earth - like planets within 100 light - years from they home stars .
According to the Gliese Catalogue of Nearby Stars , 3rd Edition , there are 1064 stars within 50 light - years from our solar system ( although it is a conservative estimate because not all stars have been catalogued ) .
After a bit of calculation using the volume equation of a sphere and assuming constant density of stars , we end up with 8512 stars within 100 light - years from us .
This will be the value of S .
For f s and f d we assign values 0.1 and 0.5 , respectively , and for the rest of the variables we use the original values of Drake and his colleagues ( f p = 0.5 , n e = 2 , f l = 1 , f i = 0.01 ) .
So , what is the probability that Earth has not been detected ?
It is 0.01 , so the probability that Earth has been detected by an alien civilization is 0.99 or 99 percent .
Now go speculate .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
For those of us who believes the only possible printing is high - definition printing , Epson introduces a new A3 + ( 13×19 inches ) photo printer .
The Photo R1900 implements a “ groundbreaking ” technology that allows for “ smoother images and color control ” coupled with UltraChrome ™ Hi-Gloss2 Ink .
The UltraChrome™ Hi-Gloss2 , apart from common cyan , magenta and yellow inks , also features matte black , photo black , red , orange ( replacement for blue ) and gloss optimiser .
All in all , Epson Stylus Photo R1900 is said to produce 18,446,774 trillion colors .
Such a tremendous amount of colors offers “ a wider color gamut , natural skin tones and consistent color with a smooth gloss finish . ”
Another innovation in this printer is the Look Up Table ( LUT ) .
This table is used to determine how much of each color is required to make a print from a RGB source file .
The mathematical algorithm makes sure a printed image matches perfectly the original .
The Stylus Photo R1900 supports Epson ’s Variable - sized Droplet Technology , increased range of media in cut - sheet and roll formats , printing on CDs and DVDs , direct print via Pictbridge .
A bundle of software , Epson Creativity Suite , is also there featuring Epson Easy Photo Print , FileManager , Web to Page and Camera RAW Plug-in .
The Epson Stylus Photo R1900 will be available from November 2007 at a price of £ 399.99 ( $ 820 ) .
We on the Mac team love code .
Nothing helps as much as some working sample code when you 're trying to get something done -- well , maybe with the exception of some working code that you can use within your own projects .
To that end , we 're happy to release Google Toolbox for Mac as a new open source project .
This joins the Google Data APIs Objective - C Library as code available under the Apache license so you can use it in your own projects .
This first release is a little eclectic .
It starts with some simple utilities that we seem to need in just about every project , helpers for graphical things and for building unittests .
In time , we 'll add more utilities , more interesting and complex classes , and other interesting stuff .
So please join the discussions for comments , suggestions , and other things you 'd like to see .
And happy coding !
By MARK COLEMAN
Last updated at 17:49 14 February 2008
She thought her dreams had come true after landing the lead role as TV's Bionic Woman .
But after a few short months , Michelle Ryan has accepted her bid for U.S. glory was not to be and is back in Britain .
The former EastEnders actress , 23 , has failed to impress as the lead character in the much - hyped remake of the 1970s science fiction show .
Scroll down for more ...
Now , with the Hollywood writers strike coming to an end , producers at America 's NBC / Universal network have decided not to renew the show for a second season , the Daily Mail can reveal .
A source said : " Barring a last - minute miracle , the show wo n't be coming back .
Inside the network , there 's just no appetite to see more episodes , and it was an incredibly expensive show to make week in and week out .
" Producers are sick of throwing good money after bad at this series . "
Scroll down for more ...
The former soap star was tapped last year to play robotically - enhanced Jaime Sommers in an updated version of the science fiction hit .
She beat out thousands of hopefuls for the part , which made actress Lindsay Wagner a star in the original series .
But the show was panned by critics and received dismal ratings .
Reviewers called it " clichéd " , a " total loss " and " dark and depressing " .
The source said : " Frankly , the bosses at the network decided to blame Michelle for the show 's failure .
Their bet was that American viewers would fall in love with her looks , personality , and the character she played .
" But that just did n't happen .
She went back to England because the writing was on the wall . "
Miss Ryan , who found fame as Zoe Slater in EastEnders , returned to London in recent weeks , according to the source .
It is claimed she is " defeated and depressed " by the outcome of her efforts .
And it seems she is turning back to the old comforts of Eastenders - tuning in on the night she arrived home and watching it religiously since her return .
The source added : " She lobbied quite hard to play the Bionic Woman , but even when she finally got the role she allegedly expressed real uncertainty about whether or not she could pull it off .
She had no martial arts training and not a lot of experience doing action scenes . "
The source claimed : " Her career in the U.S. is over right now .
She 'll still work plenty in England but she has to do something that really breaks out for her to get more American jobs .
She 's back to square one . "
The show 's failure is a costly one for NBC .
The network invested up to $ 6 m into each episode , spilling large amounts of cash on special effects .
In addition , more than $ 15 m was spent marketing the show 's launch appeal last summer .
The ad campaign seemed to hinge entirely on Miss Ryan 's sleepy - eyed sex appeal and the brand recognition of the title .
Bionic Woman was shot in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , although its writers and producers were based in Los Angeles , where Miss Ryan performed her initial screen test for the role .
Many members of the creative team behind the show were veterans of NBC 's more successful Battlestar Galactica series remake .
But despite a highly rated premiere last September , the action drama haemorrhaged viewers on subsequent airings and never caught on with the fickle science fiction audience that has embraced hits like Galactica , Lost and Heroes .
You could think of it as the biggest , most powerful microscope in the history of science .
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , now being completed underneath a circle of countryside and villages a short drive from Geneva , will peer into the physics of the shortest distances ( down to a nano - nanometer ) and the highest energies ever probed .
For a decade or more , particle physicists have been eagerly awaiting a chance to explore that domain , sometimes called the tera­scale because of the energy range involved : a trillion electron volts , or 1 TeV .
Significant new physics is expected to occur at these energies , such as the elusive Higgs particle ( believed to be responsible for imbuing other particles with mass ) and the particle that constitutes the dark matter that makes up most of the material in the universe .
It is difficult to convey the deep emotion many Australians feel about the apology that is to be made to those indigenous Australians now known as the Stolen Generations , this Wednesday at 9 am , as the first act of the newly elected Australian parliament .
The national excitement around the event is palpable , with thousands heading to Canberra for it , and public screens being erected in most major cities for the live , national broadcast of the event .
Newly elected prime minister Kevin Rudd spent time last weekend with a Stolen Generation survivor , listening to her story .
He has pointedly negotiated the wording of the apology with indigenous leaders but not the leader of the Liberal party .
If Rudd's Labor government achieves nothing else , it deserves credit for this historic act which allows Australia to once more move forward .
Nor is it easy to explain precisely why a merely symbolic act has come to mean so much more than simply saying sorry , or how it has taken on the burden of the hope and despair of many Australians .
In the late 19th century the theory that the Aborigines were an inferior race that was doomed to die out became accepted as fact .
But such faux science was threatened by the increasing number of children of mixed descent who , unaware of their superior bloodlines , took on indigenous ways and values .
To wash the blackness out , a prejudice was raised to the level of a supposedly compassionate act and became known as the policy of assimilation .
In its name it is officially estimated that , over the course of the last century , over a hundred thousand indigenous children were taken from their families and tribes - often forcibly - and raised in institutions and foster families where they would pointedly not be allowed their language or culture .
These children were the Stolen Generations .
How many lives - of both those taken and those left - were blighted and destroyed will never be known .
In 1995 the Paul Keating Labor government commissioned an inquiry into the forcible removal of Aboriginal children .
But by the time the report was tabled in 1997 , John Howard 's Liberal party - widely seen in its early days to have had truck with a racist far right - was in government , and empathy for the dispossessed was in short supply .
The report concluded that the children and their families had endured " gross violations of their human rights " and described the forcible removal of indigenous children as " an act of genocide , aimed at wiping out indigenous families , communities and cultures " .
The report recommended compensation and an apology by parliament .
The report 's detailed stories of suffering - the sometimes violent removals , the beatings , floggings , sexual abuse , lies ; and the inevitable harvest of human misery - the suicides , the alcohol and drug abuse , the violence , crime , the descent into hell - shocked and moved the nation .
There arose in Australia a great movement for reconciliation .
Millions marched for this cause .
Sorry Days were held , with extraordinary town hall meetings where many wept , and Sorry Books filled with individual Australians ' own apologies .
There was at the heart of the reconciliation movement a sense that it offered all Australians a necessary and cathartic rapprochement that might enable the nation to finally go forward .
But for 11 years it did not happen .
John Howard , willing to apologise to home owners for rising interest rates , would not say sorry to Aborigines .
He refused to condone what he referred to as " a black armband version " of history , preferring a jingoistic nationalism .
He promoted a revisionist school of history that claimed the suffering of Aboriginal Australia had been grossly overstated .
He went so far as to install one of that school 's leading proponents , Keith Windschuttle , on the board of the Australian Broadcasting Commission .
I am 46 .
I have met Aborigines younger than me who used to hide every time anyone official came round their camp , for fear of being taken away .
I met a man in Darwin jail who was two years younger than me .
He had been stolen from his mother at the age of three , sat in the back of a truck and driven for three days through the tropical heat to an institution in Darwin .
I continue to be astonished by what I learn about the appalling racism my country practised for so long .
Only last year I discovered that in parts of Australia in my lifetime , white men could be jailed for cohabiting with black women .
And yet so often I have only ever met with friendship , humour , and respect from those same Aboriginal people from whom I might expect anger and hate .
It is true that the apology will not alter the condition of Aboriginal people .
The hurt wo n't end , nor the misery and inequality that sees indigenous Australians with a life expectancy 17 years less than non-indigenous Australians .
But it is a fundamental and necessary step towards Australians coming together to address their national ills , such as the violence and substance abuse of remote indigenous communities , the poverty and unemployment of urban Aborigines , and of once more looking at the matters of a treaty , land rights , and compensation to the survivors of assimilation .
These are complex issues .
But in just half a century , Australia transformed itself from an Anglo - Saxon colony into one of the world 's most successful migrant nations .
We did that ; we can , if we wish , do this .
Every nation sins .
The measure of their greatness is their capacity to admit to them .
I recall a major concert in Melbourne in 2006 by Australia 's leading indigenous musicians .
The concert was in part inspired , lost , elegiac , overwhelming .
At the end , the hall of 2,000 people rose and there was ovation after ovation .
Huge waves of emotion buffeted the hall .
There was a goodwill upon which a different country could be built .
At that moment I realised it was never about the past .
Why is it we Australians have been so frightened of who we are ?
Could it be that what black Australia offers is not guilt but the invitation to a future as diverse , as large and extraordinary as the songs played that night in that hall ?
· Richard Flanagan is an Australian novelist whose most recent book is The Unknown Terrorist comment@theguardian.com
Impeachment Call Congress Day !
When Congress returns to Washington on 1/15 , Congressman Robert Wexler plans to present his fellow members of the House Judiciary Committee with the list of signatures on his petition ( over 180,000 ) at http://www.wexlerwantshearings.com and a request to join him in signing a letter to Chairman John Conyers asking for Cheney impeachment hearings to begin .
Impeachment and Peace organizations around the country are simultaneously asking all the folks in their email lists and members to make January 16th a national call - in day on impeachment .
We need everyone to call their member of Congress , especially if their member is on the House Judiciary Committee , and ask for support for Cheney impeachment hearings .
It ’s an easier ask than signing onto articles of impeachment or introducing new ones , but we ’d love for them to do both of those things .
It ’s a harder ask than just more pointless non-impeachment investigations .
The investigations have been done .
The high crimes and misdemeanors are known and established .
What we need is for every member of Congress to ask Chairman John Conyers to begin the Cheney impeachment hearings right away .
Once you ’ve made your phone call , also phone and Email the media to ask for coverage of the impeachment movement .
Last updated at 20:00 06 January 2008
For the first time in more than 100 years , British living standards have risen above those of Americans , a report has declared .
Increasing incomes , longer holidays and " free " healthcare have all contributed to making Britons better off than our friends across the Atlantic , according to the respected Oxford Economics consultancy .
The feel - rich factor is calculated using the gross domestic product ( GDP ) per citizen - an indicator of average incomes - which in Britain will be £ 23,500 this year , compared with £ 23,250 in America , it predicts .
Scroll down for more ...
Although this is partly due to the current strength of the pound against the dollar , it is also because of the UK economy 's record run of growth and rising incomes going back to the early 1990s .
And while Americans typically have only two weeks ' holiday per year , Britons enjoy between four and six weeks as standard .
But the average Briton does not actually feel more wealthy than his or her American counterpart .
Goods and services are cheaper in the U.S. , meaning that even if they are earning less , they can afford to buy more .
However , Britain also beats France and Germany in the living standards league , with our GDP per capita more than eight per cent higher , Oxford Economics says .
Its managing director Adrian Cooper said : " The last 15 years have seen a dramatic change in the UK 's economic performance and its position in the world economy .
" No longer are we the ' sick man of Europe ' .
Not only have we left Germany and France in our wake , our calculations reveal that UK living standards are now outstripping those of the U.S. "
The improving position comes because of the unprecedented growth spurt Britain has enjoyed since the recession of the early 1990s .
Back then , British GDP per capita was 34 per cent lower than in the U.S. , 33 per cent lower than in Germany and 26 per cent lower than in France , according to Oxford Economics .
Since then the financial services boom and soaring house prices have led to an uninterrupted expansion .
By contrast , the U.S. and many European countries slid into recession in the early part of this decade .
The UK 's strength also reflects recent gains against the U.S. dollar , which has the effect of boosting the value of our economic output .
But Mr Cooper said : " The UK has been catching up steadily with living standards in the U.S. since 2001 , so it is a well - established trend rather than simply the result of currency fluctuations . "
Americans have long complained that their incomes are stagnated .
Some economists there claim that in real terms the average male full - time salary is no higher now than it was in the 1970s .
However , the UK 's success comes as fuel prices are soaring and many families face a period of belt - tightening .
Analysts at Citigroup predict the slowest rise in consumer spending this year since 1992 .
Its economist Michael Saunders said : " The UK economy now faces a hangover , with slowing credit growth , falling property prices and tightening lending standards . "
WE'VE MOVED !
Democratic Convention Watch is now at http://www.DemocraticConventionWatch.com
Congratulation to Sen. Obama , the Democratic Nominee for the office of the United States of America and the next President of the United States of America .
Click Here To See The Rest of the Blog
Important Notes :
5/31/2008 - The RBC has just ruled that Florida 's pledged delegates and superdelegates will be seated at 1/2 vote each .
The RBC has ruled the Michigan 's pledged delegates be split 34.5 - 29.5 ( 69 - 59 at 1/2 delegate each ) , and superdelegates will be seated at 1/2 vote each .
For the latest information on Edwards ’ delegates see What happens to Edwards ' delegates ?
NBC has acknowledged that 21 Edwards ’ delegates have moved to Obama and they are included in their total , but there is no update to their individual states numbers .
They added a bar in their chart similar to any state bar and they labeled it Edwards ' delegates .
We will add those 21 PD to NBC Total Pledged Delegates .
This will make our NBC totals accurate and match NBC overall totals .
CBS overall totals do n’t match their individual states ’ numbers .
They also are taking some state numbers out and correct that after a day or two .
( AS , ID , and MI )
Sources are n't updating their totals as they add delegates .
We have switched to adding the delegates ourselves so you have the latest numbers .
--------------------------------------------------------------------
In this table we compare five different news sources ' delegate and superdelegate numbers for the 2008 Democratic Convention .
As new primaries take place we will update the table .
A list of delegates certified to the Democratic Convention can be found here .
Last Updated : 06/04/2008 6:00 PM
( EST )
GP = Green Papers
NYA * = Not Yet Allocated .
DCW Ultimate Delegate Tracker State
GP NBC AP CNN CBS
HC BO NYA * HC BO HC BO HC BO HC BO AK ( 13 )
3 10 -- 3 10 3 10 3 10 3 10 AL ( 52 )
25 27 -- 25 27 25 27 25 27 25 27 AR ( 35 )
27 8 -- 27 8 27 8 27 8 27 8 AS( 3 )
2 1 -- 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 AZ ( 56 )
31 25 -- 31 25 31 25 31 25 31 25 CA ( 370 )
204 166 -- 204 166 204 166 203 167 204 166 CO ( 55 )
19 36 -- 19 36 19 36 19 36 19 36 CT ( 48 )
22 26 -- 22 26 22 26 22 26 22 26 DA
( 7 )
2.5 4.5 -- 3 4 2 4 3 4 1 3 DC ( 15 )
2 13 -- 3 12 3 12 4 11 3 12 DE ( 15 )
6 9 -- 6 9 6 9 6 9 6 9 FL ( 92.5 )
52.5 38.5 -- 53 34 52 39 52 39 53 35 GA ( 87 )
27 60 -- 27 60 27 60 26 61 27 60 GU ( 4 )
2 2 -- 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 HI ( 20 )
6 14 -- 6 14 6 14 6 14 6 14 IA ( 45 )
14 28 -- 14 25 14 28 14 27 15 27 ID ( 18 )
3 15 -- 3 15 3 15 3 15 3 15 IL ( 153 )
49 104 -- 49 104 49 104 49 104 49 104 IN ( 72 )
38 34 -- 38 34 38 34 38 34 38 34 KS ( 32 )
9 23 -- 9 23 9 23 9 23 9 23 KY ( 51 )
37 14 -- 37 14 37 14 37 14 36 14 LA ( 56 )
23 33 -- 22 34 23 33 22 34 23 33 MA ( 93 )
55 38 -- 55 38 55 38 55 38 55 38 MD ( 70 )
27 43 -- 28 42 28 42 28 42 28 42 ME ( 24 )
9 15 -- 9 15 9 15 9 15 9 15 MI ( 64 )
34.5 29.5 -- 34 29 35 30 35 29 34 29 MN ( 72 )
24 48 -- 24 48 24 48 24 48 24 48 MO ( 72 )
36 36 -- 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 36 MS ( 33 )
13 20 -- 13 20 13 20 13 20 13 20 MT ( 16 )
7 9 -- 7 9 4 9 7 9 7 9 NC ( 115 )
48 67 -- 48 67 48 67 48 67 48 67 ND ( 13 )
5 8 -- 5 8 5 8 5 8 5 8 NE ( 24 )
8 16 -- 8 16 8 16 8 16 8 16 NH ( 22 )
9 13 -- 9 9 9 13 9 12 9 12 NJ ( 107 )
59 48 -- 59 48 59 48 59 48 59 48 NM ( 26 )
14 12 -- 14 12 14 12 14 12 14 12 NV ( 25 )
11 14 -- 11 14 11 14 11 14 11 14 NY ( 232 )
139 93 -- 139 93 139 93 139 93 139 93 OH ( 141 )
74 67 -- 74 67 74 67 75 66 74 67 OK ( 38 )
24 14 -- 24 14 24 14 24 14 24 14 OR ( 52 )
21 31 -- 21 31 21 31 21 31 21 31 PA ( 158 )
85 73 -- 85 73 85 73 85 73 84 73 PR ( 55 )
38 17 -- 38 17 38 17 38 17 38 17 RI ( 21 )
13 8 -- 13 8 13 8 13 8 13 8 SC ( 45 )
12 33 -- 12 25 12 33 12 33 12 32 SD ( 15 )
8 7 -- 9 6 9 6 9 6 8 6 TN ( 68 )
40 28 -- 40 28 40 28 40 28 40 28 TX ( 193 )
95 98 -- 94 99 94 99 94 99 94 96 UT ( 23 )
9 14 -- 9 14 9 14 9 14 9 14 VA ( 83 )
29 54 -- 29 54 29 54 29 54 29 54 VI ( 3 )
0 3 -- 0 3 0 3 0 3 0 3 VT ( 15 )
6 9 -- 6 9 6 9 6 9 6 9 WA ( 78 )
26 52 -- 26 52 26 52 25 53 26 52 WI ( 74 )
32 42 -- 32 42 32 42 32 42 32 42 WV ( 28 )
20 8 -- 20 8 20 8 20 8 20 8 WY ( 12 )
5 7 -- 5 7 5 7 5 7 5 7 Total Pledged
Delegates
1639.5 1765.5 -- 1641 1765 1638 1764 1640 1763 1638 1752 Pledged
Delegates Lead
-- 126.0 -- -- 124 -- 126 -- 123 -- 114 Superdelegates
282.5 421.5 -- 292 395 282 389 286 395 287 401 Total Delegates
1922.0 2187.0 -- 1933 2160 1920 2153 1926 2158 1925 2153 Total Delegates Lead
-- 265.0 -- -- 227 -- 223 -- 232 -- 228
HC
BO NYA * HC BO HC BO HC BO HC BO State
GP NBC AP CNN CBS
Special thanks to Yousri ( Formerly NiceGuy1951 ) for compiling all of the data !
Click Here To See The Rest of the Blog
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee spent about $ 73,000 for an advance team from Arkansas , The Markham Group , to promote Merkley 's campaign kickoff tour .
It paid about $ 20,000 to a Washington , D.C. , firm for ' research . '
I 'm pretty steamed about that news .
I 'm not pleased to hear that a few people in Washington , D.C. are trying to dictate who we send against Gordon Smith in November .
I think a lot of Oregon Democrats will share my indignation and more generally I bet there are a lot of grassroots Democrats across America who resent being told who they should support in their respective Senate races .
The purpose of the DSCC is to help Democrats beat Republicans in the general election .
That 's a legitimate function .
Senate races are national races .
Republicans from all over the country are pouring money into Gordon Smith 's campaign , and after we win the nomination , we will need some help from Democrats around the country in order to balance that out .
It might be nice if we could prohibit all out - of - state contributions - but since we can't , it makes no sense to unilaterally disarm .
But Oregon Democrats , not outsiders , are best qualified to decide who is the best candidate is to go up against Gordon Smith .
The DSCC has no business putting its thumb on the scale , as if they do n't trust Oregon Democrats to make the right choice .
I 'm a baseball fan , so forgive this analogy :
It 's as if the President of the American League ( back in the good old days when each League had a President ) were openly rooting for one American League team against another in the playoffs .
They just were n't supposed to do that .
And they did n't .
What the DSCC is doing is n't just unfair :
It 's politically stupid .
If Speaker Merkley , or another one of their backed candidates , can't win a primary without outside help from their friends in Washington , how the heck do they think they 're going to beat the Republicans ?
The DSCC is n't doing their cause any favors here .
All they 're doing is taking a huge risk that their intervention will hand the nomination to a weaker candidate , a candidate who can't win in November .
Novick , 44 , presents the voters with a startling contrast in stature , style , name recognition , experience in elective office and the deft footwork that allows a politician to take a position on both sides of an issue ...
Over the next several months , it will be interesting to see which political party finds that more threatening .
These are scary times and the whole country feels on the brink of chaos .
Tony Blair has called it the ' English disease ' ; the police are worried bobbies may have to patrol all night ; domestic violence is predicted to rise sharply in consequence ; and all English gentlemen are reportedly about to mutate into wife - beaters .
This plague about to engulf Britain has a name : the Licensing Act .
Many of you are convinced that you wo n't survive the extended opening hours of pubs and bars and that your national penchant for the booze will be your downfall .
I say , relax !
Look at the figures .
Your beloved neighbours , namely the French , drink much more than you do ; they actually drink more than anybody else on the planet .
Buy a copy of the OECD Health Data for 2005 and you 'll sleep better .
The wine producers have always been heavier drinking countries .
Compared with France , the UK shows some relatively modest alcohol consumption : 11.2 litres per person in 2004 against 14.8 litres in France .
A slight worry for you is that while alcohol consumption has been decreasing in France since the 1960s , it has kept rising in the UK .
If this goes on , in 10 years , you 'll have beaten the French .
A satisfaction on one hand , a health hazard on the other .
There is only one solution for you : learn how to drink like the French , as judge Charles Harris called for on the Today programme last Tuesday when he said : ' Continental - style drinking requires continental - style people . '
The venerable man seemed to believe that this would be the nation 's salvation .
' But why should we want to be more like the French when it comes to drinking ? ' you might ask .
Maybe because while the French drink much more than Britons , it hardly ever shows .
Unlike the British , even intoxicated French do n't roll under tables , slurp at parties , vomit in the streets , show their breasts or buttocks to passersby , brawl with strangers , wake up in the morning in unknown bedrooms with unknown people .
The secret is not how much you drink but how , what , why and with whom you drink .
How to drink .
Seated , eating , talking .
Not standing up , nibbling crisps ( if anything ) and throwing pints down your neck as if your life depended on it .
Drinking is not a race against time ; it 's either a pleasure or an illness .
You choose .
The French drink while eating .
And as they like to think of themselves as the last philosophers on the planet , they like to think before they drink .
They wonder what kind of wine would go well with the dishes they 've chosen to eat .
There is nothing pompous in this ; it is in their blood .
Did you know that Brittany cider goes very well with seafood ?
No need to go for chablis or sancerre blanc if it gives you a headache .
As for red wine , it 's not anathema to drink it with fish as long as it's light , like a sancerre rouge .
See , it 's easy .
Oh yes and you must talk .
The French talk a lot , about everything and anything , fundamental matters like the latest aubergine caviar recipe and world geopolitics .
A sip to lament the stupidity of George W Bush ; a sip to mourn the end of France ; a sip to dream of fomenting a devastating attack against Starbucks , a sip to celebrate a new idea .
If you want to be a continental drinker , do n't forget to take yourself very seriously and look inspired .
When the time comes to say goodbye to their fellow drinkers , the average Frenchman and woman may have drunk more than their British counterparts but will feel only tipsy , walk reasonably straight , still behave more or less courteously , be able to find the keyhole of their flat and still be able to make love .
What to drink .
Wine , mainly .
Red or white , although red is better for you .
There are no alcopops in France and having a G and T in the afternoon is almost unheard of .
Beer is only for football matches or if the country is seized by a heatwave .
French teenage boys do n't drink so much ; they 're busier polishing their seduction skills .
What gives them a kick is not a stiff drink but the prospect of taking a girl to see a risque film or a horror movie , one that will make her find refuge in their arms .
Kissing in the dark is the ultimate aim of a French teenager , not puking in the gutter .
Why to drink .
Because you 're happy or unhappy - it does n't matter - but never for the sake of getting plastered .
The French drink for the taste , the physical pleasure they get from it , the unctuousness on the tongue and the warmth in their throat .
I know this sounds ridiculous but if you think I 'm joking , think twice .
Whom to drink with .
I often wonder why the British have to binge drink once or twice a week instead of drinking two glasses every day .
They drink when going out , often when with the opposite sex .
Do they drink because they are afraid of the other , of the possible attraction they might feel to the other ?
Do the British drink to feel stronger in front of a man or a woman ?
The French do n't drink too much when with the opposite sex precisely in order to make a good impression and , peradventure , make love .
What else is there in life ?
But rest assured .
There is something the French can't do and that the British are the best at : genius and drink .
Shakespeare for one .
So , à votre santé et à la gloire de l'Angleterre !
· Agnes Poirier is the London correspondent of Libération .
Her book , Les Nouveaux Anglais , will be published next year by Weidenfeld &amp ; Nicolson
By PAUL REVOIR
Last updated at 14:37 09 January 2008
Gruesome footage of Jamie Oliver electrocuting a chicken while unwanted male chicks are suffocated is to be shown this week .
The harrowing sequence is part of the TV chef 's crusade to highlight the cruelty of battery farming .
But animal lovers have described the decision to kill the chickens in a TV studio as " misguided " .
They fear that the alien environment of the studio lights and noisy audience will have added to the birds ' distress .
And in any case , free - range chickens are slaughtered in the same way despite their better living conditions .
Scroll down for more ...
The sequence will form part of Jamie 's Fowl Dinners , which airs on Friday on Channel 4 .
Oliver , 32 , has already caused controversy by criticising Sainsbury 's , which pays him £ 1 million to appear in adverts , for failing to take part in a debate on the programme .
He will be seen electrocuting a chicken and draining the blood from its neck to show how they are slaughtered .
Another part of the programme shows how male chicks , of no use to egg production , are put in a container and killed as they are starved of oxygen .
Scroll down for more ...
Oliver , who previously came under fire from animal rights groups when he slit the throat of a lamb on TV , is trying to improve the welfare of the birds .
But the RSPCA said that while it welcomed the aims of the programme , it disagreed with killing the animals in a studio .
A spokesman said : " The lights , the cameras , the noise could be frightening and cause animals potential distress . "
Oliver , who won plaudits for his campaign to improve school meals , wants to raise awareness about intensively - farmed birds .
Jamie 's Fowl Dinners urges consumers and retailers to switch to birds reared under better welfare conditions .
He said : " I think if even a small percentage of people watching were informed and decided to shop differently as a result that would make a real difference .
Scroll down for more ...
" I do n't think it is sensational to show people the reality of how chickens live and die at the moment .
It may be upsetting for some people , but that 's how things are .
And if seeing some of the practices helps to change the shopping habits of just five per cent of people watching , then it will be worth it . "
A Channel 4 spokesman said it was unaware of any concerns about the programme by the RSPCA , which had actually taken part .
A vet and a stockman were on hand in the studio to look after the welfare of the animals .
The median price of American homes is expected to fall this year for the first time since federal housing agencies began keeping statistics in 1950 .
Economists say the decline , which could be foreshadowed in a widely followed government price index to be released this week , will probably be modest — from 1 percent to 2 percent — but could continue in 2008 and 2009 .
Rather than being limited to the once - booming Northeast and California , price declines are also occurring in cities like Chicago , Minneapolis and Houston , where the increases of the last decade were modest by comparison .
The reversal is particularly striking because many government officials and housing - industry executives had said that a nationwide decline would never happen , even though prices had fallen in some coastal areas as recently as the early 1990s .
While the housing slump has already rattled financial markets , it has so far had only a modest effect on consumer spending and economic growth .
But forecasters now believe that its impact will lead to a slowdown over the next year or two .
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia 
The Bush administration said it would sell 900 sophisticated satellite - guided missiles to Saudi Arabia as part of a $ 20 billion arms sale intended to bolster military relations with Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf states and counter the rising influence of Iran .
The missile deal , valued at $ 123 million , was a mostly symbolic gesture , though the administration worried that some in Congress might object , since the missiles are some of the most accurate produced by the United States .
The announcement came in a formal notification to Congress that coincided with Mr. Bush ’s arrival here on the sixth day of his tour of the Middle East .
It was Mr. Bush ’s first visit to the Saudi kingdom , part of an effort to reinvigorate a relationship that has been troubled by Iraq , the fight against terrorism , the threat of Iran and rising oil prices .
King Abdullah met Mr. Bush at the airport and joined him in a review of an honor guard before a private meeting between the men on Monday night .
The $ 20 billion package was proposed last summer as a counterweight to a new American commitment to provide Israel with $ 30 billion in military aid .
A Rookie Guide to Digital SLR Cameras
There comes a time in every point - and - shooter ’s life when he or she wonders if there is more to photography than a palm - sized block of aluminum stowed away in one ’s pocket .
The ultracompact point - and - shoot has come so far in the last ten years that it ’s tempting to write off DSLRs as largely irrelevant to most people ’s lives , not offering enough utility to offset their bulky presence and hefty price tag .
As soon as I bought my first truly great ultracompact a few years ago , the Casio EX - Z750 , I was in this boat .
7.2 megapixels in your pocket … what more could one possibly need ?
After eventually moving up to the excellent 7 x zoom Casio EX - V8 , I told myself I would never need a DSLR .
But then I tried one for the first one , on loan from the fine folks at Nikon .
A Nikon D80 .
Seemingly the “ it ” camera for the last couple of years .
This article will not so much be a review of the D80 , but rather a guide for DSLR virgins considering purchasing their first full sized digital camera .
First and foremost , will you use it ?
We all love toys .
We all love expensive toys .
But nobody loves an expensive toy they never use .
If you think you ’re going to buy a DSLR and carry it around everywhere with you , you ’re probably wrong .
It ’s heavy around your neck , it ’s easily lost or stolen if you put it down in a public place , and it will never blend into the fabric of your life like a pocket camera will .
In other words , be prepared to take it with you when you know you will be using it ( e.g. sightseeing , stormwatching , portrait - taking , etc ) , but at all other times , it will probably stay at home .
For this reason , even after you buy a DSLR , it ’s probably good to keep your ultracompact point - and - shoot as your standard carry - along camera .
Even on vacations , there will be plenty of times when the smaller camera is the only one on you at any given time .
Again , I recommend the Casio EX - V8 as a fantastic ultracompact choice here .
For the last few years , Casio has made the best all - around point - and - shoots , in my opinion .
Nikon vs. Canon vs. everyone else
Most serious photographers will tell you there are only two real choices in the DSLR market : Nikon and Canon .
Although companies like Olympus and Sony also make DSLRs , Nikon and Canon have such strong legacies in SLR photography that they ’ve earned an unshakable amount of trust among professional photographers .
Being an amateur , I am not one to question the conventional wisdom of professionals , so as far as I ’m concerned , either Nikon or Canon should be your choice ( for now , at least ) .
The Nikon / Canon religious wars are less like the Mac / PC wars and more like BMW / Mercedes wars .
With Macs and PCs , your Mac people think that PCs are horrendous piles of garbage and your PC people think Macs are overpriced , niche devices .
BMW and Mercedes , on the other hand , really only differ in style … much like Nikons and Canons .
They are equally priced , equally equipped , and even take cues off each other in the feature department .
For a good overview of the differences between Canons and Nikons , check out this article .
My favorite quote :
“ Canons are the best cameras available designed by engineers , and Nikons are the best cameras one can buy designed by photographers . ”
That probably explains why I like this Nikon so much .
It ’s the lens , stupid
Bodies come and go , but lenses are forever .
So goes the saying .
It may surprise you to know that some photographers are using the exact same lenses they were using 40 years ago .
Even a brand new $ 5000 Nikon D3 can use a lens from the 1960s , if the photographer so chooses .
These days , camera bodies and image sensors are evolving a lot faster than lenses , so to a large extent , it makes sense to invest more heavily in your lens ( es ) than in your cameras .
Any photographer will tell you that they ’d rather shoot with a cheap body and a great lens than the opposite .
There are essentially three things to consider when looking at lenses : speed , versatility , and stabilization .
Speed
Speed refers to how much light a lens lets in .
If you ’re like me , you hate flash photography and what it does to faces and objects , so you prefer to use natural light at all times .
The only lenses that will let you achieve this are very fast lenses , usually with f-stops of 1.8 or lower .
You can take a lens like this to a party at night and shoot beautiful naturally - lit shots even in the dimmest of corners ( where you will probably be hanging out , since no one wants to stand with the dork carrying an SLR ) .
As a beginning photographer , your best option here is something John Gruber and Jim Ray ( and millions of others ) call “ the best deal in photography ” : the 1.8f 50 mm prime lens .
It ’s small , light , fast , and just a little over $ 100 .
It is probably the only lens you will ever use after the sun goes down , and it also has an incredible narrow depth of field which is great keeping subjects in focus and backgrounds soft .
Versatility
Although the 50 mm prime has great light versatility , its fixed focal length wo n’t let you do any zooming , and thus , you may find yourself too far away at times to capture your ideal shot .
Stalkers are well aware of this conundrum .
In order to adequately frame subjects which are far away , you ’ll need to pick yourself up a quality zoom lens .
Even among zoom lenses , there is a wide range of versatility .
There are 12 - 24 mm ( very wide angle ) , 70 - 300 mm ( very magnified ) , everything in - between , and even some further down and further out .
The first aftermarket lens I bought for my D80 was a Sigma 70 - 300 mm , thinking it would come in handy for general use .
More zooming would equal less walking and greater detail , or so I thought .
In reality , it was a lens I found very little use for .
Its inability to take “ normal ” wide angle shots , combined with the fact that at 300 mm it takes a tripod to keep it from shaking , made it almost useless to me .
I ended up trading it straight across for a Nikon 1.4f 50 mm prime lens on Craigslist , which is much more useful to me ( see above section on “ speed ” ) .
The most versatile lens in the world — and the one I eventually purchased — appears to be the Nikon 18 - 200 mm VR lens .
I bought this lens on recommendation from the great Ken Rockwell , and I could n’t be happier with it .
It does wide - angle shots at 18 mm .
It does telephoto shots at 200 mm .
Its focal length essentially covers you in 99 % of the situations you ’ll ever find yourself in .
And it has VR , which I ’ll discuss in the next subsection .
A lot of people have called the Nikon 18- 200 mm VR the most useful lens ever designed , and it ’s not hard to see why .
While professional photographers are used to carrying around a bag full of lenses , prosumers and weekenders would rather never have to change a lens .
With the 18-200 mm VR , you just pop the thing on and then forget about it .
It ’s a bit steep at $ 700 , but worth it , in my opinion .
Image stabilization
Both Nikon and Canon have image stabilization built into some of their best lenses now .
I have n’t tested Canon ’s out but it ’s widely believed to be on par with Nikon ’s VR ( vibration reduction ) technology .
In a nutshell , VR is exactly what you probably think it is : a mechanism inside the lens detects camera shake and moves lens parts around in order to neutralize it .
Does it work ?
It absolutely does .
Is it noticeable ?
It absolutely is .
I took some test shots around dusk , in low light , both with VR on and off and the difference is dramatic .
The shots with VR off are blurry and unusable .
Everybody ’s hands have a different amount of shake to them , but most people report the ability to shoot about 4 stops faster when using VR .
That is to say , if you can normally shoot handheld at 1/100 , you should now be able to shoot at 1/15 ( in much darker conditions ) .
As of today , Canon does n’t appear to have an answer to the 18-200 mm VR lens , but perhaps the closest thing they have is the Canon EF 28-300 mm f/3.5-5.6L IS USM , but it ’s about $ 2300 .
It goes up to 300 mm which is nice , but the Nikon goes down to 18 mm , which is more useful in my mind .
Storage
The D80 uses an SD slot for storage , which I like , but some people prefer Compact Flash instead .
Other models offer the use of either storage technology , sometimes in tandem .
Pick whichever format suits you best , but with the cost of both Compact Flash and SD cards halving every several months , this may not be a huge factor in your purchasing decision .
As of today , an 8 gig SD card can be had for $ 33.99 while an 8 gig CF card is about $ 39 so price per gig is roughly equivalent .
The megapixel myth
Image data is only as good as the source that captured it .
In a DSLR camera , that includes both the lens and the image sensor .
We ’ve already covered the importance of the lens , but what about the sensor ?
Is a 6 megapixel sensor going to produce better photos than a 10 megapixel sensor ?
Currently , in most cases the answer is no .
For most consumer / prosumer level DSLRs , the compact size of the sensor is such that megapixel levels above 6 do not increase the quality of the resulting image whatsoever .
Edit ( thanks Patrick ) :
The answer is , “ not always ” .
The size and sensitivity of the sensor is more important than the raw number of megapixels it produces so beware of judging cameras , even DSLRs , on their megapixel counts .
If you ’re really interested in fully maximizing resolution and clarity , your only real choices are the new Nikon or Canon “ full - frame ” DSLRs .
These cameras are all between $ 2000 and $ 8000 for the body only and have sensors which are much larger than any prosumer / consumer cameras .
If you ’re in the market for one , you ’re probably way overqualified for this article .
Interface and usability
Both Nikon and Canon have spent years refining their user interfaces , and users of each tend to prefer their own brand .
My experience with Nikon was that I spent about 45 minutes reading the manual front - to - back ( a rarity for me ) , then spent a couple of hours pushing buttons and turning dials , and I quickly felt pretty comfortable with the D80 .
Moving from the one - dial - one - button world of a Casio ultracompact to a 100 - control DSLR still takes some adjusting , but as with most Apple products , the dials and buttons on the D80 seem to be designed very thoughtfully and generally serve their purpose while staying out of your way .
Filters
Most the time , the only filter you ’ll ever need is a circular polarizer .
Polarizers bend light as they enter the lens to either reduce or enhance reflections in the scene .
They are particularly useful for reducing reflections off of water , snow , and buildings , and for creating more dramatic looking skies .
Polarizers range from about 10 bucks to several hundred bucks , but most of the reading I ’ve done suggests that a $ 40 polarizer is imperceptibly equivalent to the much more expensive ones .
I use a Hoya that I bought for about $ 40 at Tall ’s Camera .
What ’s missing
In my mind , there are only three things missing from most cameras today , all of which I think will become standard equipment within a couple of years : GPS , wifi , and native HDR handling .
GPS seems like a no - brainer and frankly I ’m surprised it ’s not more widespread already , considering how small GPS chips have gotten and the fact that a lot of phones have this capability already .
Once all of my photos are automatically geotagged , it will become more interesting to collect and view them , and thus , I will take more of them .
Wifi support is important to me because I ’m often too lazy to transfer my photos to my hard drive or upload them online .
Thankfully , a few months ago , the EyeFi was released , so that ’s probably good enough , but it would be even nicer if it was built into the camera itself .
HDR , or “ high dynamic range ” photography , is a method of photography whereby multiple shots at different exposures are composited together to produce dramatic , often surreal imagery .
Some examples are here , in the Flickr HDR pool .
It seems to me that a camera should theoretically be able to open the shutter once and take multiple shots from that , each during different points in the exposure , thus producing the layers necessary for the compositing .
Final analysis
So before you go out and buy a DSLR , here are some recommendations :
Make sure you want one and have reasonable expectations for its usage Keep your ultracompact for everyday use , or buy a new Casio EX - V8 When looking at DSLRs , trust what the pros use : Nikons and Canons Invest more in lenses than in bodies , disregarding any “ resolution advantages ” that are n’t also accompanied by larger sensors Purchase both a zoom lens for versatility and a fast prime lens for low light and narrow depth of field
If I was starting from scratch , here ’s what I ’d buy ( List updated , from reader input ) :
Nikon D80/D40 x camera : $ 760 / $ 545 ( Go with the D40 x if you ’re price conscious , but know that it will not autofocus with some older lenses or even some inexpensive ones like the must - have 50 mm 1.8f prime below )
Nikon 50 mm 1.8f lens : $ 105
Nikon 18-200 mm VR lens : $ 700
Hoya Circular Polarizer : $ 30
Total cost : About $ 1595 ( D80 ) or $ 1380 ( D40 x )
If you ’re just getting started with DSLRs , hopefully you ’ve found this useful .
A second bug in HP laptop utilities creates a means for hackers to turn PCs into " unbootable " bricks .
Flaws in the automatic software update tool bundled with HP notebooks might be abused to alter vital system files ( in the kernel or elsewhere ) leaving PC unbootable , according to a post on the milw0rm full disclosure mailing list .
The vulnerability reportedly grants remote system arbitrary file write access .
It stems from security flaws in an ActiveX control ( called EngineRules.dll ) that 's connected with automatic software updates .
Upshot : hackers could , at a push , inject hostile code onto vulnerable systems after tricking users into visiting maliciously constructed websites .
It 's reportedly easier to carry out a much more unusual attack that corrupts system files and renders compromised systems unbootable .
The vulnerability affects HP laptop users running IE 6 or 7 on all supported versions of Windows .
Details were posted on milw0rm forum by " porkythepig " , a security researcher using a Polish email address .
The same hacker disclosed other bugs involving bundled software on HP laptops last week .
HP quickly issued an update that disabled vulnerable components in its Info Centre software .
The researcher said such a quick and dirty fix is unlikely to help in the latest case .
" Simple disabling of the vulnerable control by the vendor 's patch ( like in the other HP software vulnerability case - HPInfo ) would result in the machine software update system compromise in this case and would leave the user vulnerable to future security issues , " he writes . ®
I wish to preach , not the doctrine of ignoble ease , but the doctrine of the strenuous life , the life of toil and effort , of labor and strife ; to preach that highest form of success which comes , not to the man who desires mere easy peace , but to the man who does not shrink from danger , from hardship , or from bitter toil , and who out of these wins the splendid ultimate triumph .
– Theodore Roosevelt
In our last post , we discussed the way Theodore Roosevelt threw off his sickly nature and through willpower and hard work became a strapping young man .
His dedication to living “ the strenuous life ” became the guiding principle of his life .
His hard work and enthusiasm allowed him to accomplish all of the following things during his 60 years of life :
1 . Work as state legislator , police commissioner , and governor in New York
2. Own and work a ranch in the Dakotas
3. Serve as Assistant Secretary of the Navy
4. Fight as a Rough Rider in the Spanish - American War
5. Serve as President for two terms , then run for an unprecedented third term
6 . Become the first President to leave the country during his term in order to see the building of the Panama Canal
7. Write 35 books
8. Read tens of thousands of books - several a day in multiple languages
9. Explore the Amazonian rainforests
10 . Discover , navigate , and be named after a completely uncharted Amazonian river over 625 miles long
11 . Volunteer to lead a voluntary infantry unit into WWI at age 59 .
In addition to all of these tangible accomplishments , Roosevelt infused vitality into every aspect of his life .
He practically bounded from room to room , giving hearty handshakes , slapping backs , and grinning ear to ear .
Even as he got involved in politics , he exercised regularly and took up boxing , tennis , hiking , rowing , polo , and horseback riding .
As President he took visiting leaders and dignitaries on long hikes and up rock faces in the parks around DC .
As governor of New York , he boxed with sparring partners several times a week , a practice he regularly continued as President until one blow detached his left retina , leaving him blind in that eye .
Thereafter , he practiced jujutsu and continued his habit of skinny - dipping in the Potomac River during winter .
One of the best examples of Roosevelt ’s unflagging enthusiasm came when he was campaigning for a third term as president .
In Milwaukee , WI , he stood in the back of a railway car waving to the crowd .
A man shot him in the chest , knocking him back into the car .
Three presidents had been assassinated in his lifetime and TR had always prepared for such a moment .
He put his fingers to his lips and since blood was not coming out of his mouth he knew the bullet had n’t perforated his lung .
The bullet , slowed by a steel eyeglasses case and a copy of a speech , lodged in his rib .
Roosevelt insisted on proceeding to the auditorium where 10,000 people were waiting to hear his speech .
Mounting the stage he showed the audience his bloody shirt and said :
“ I have just been shot , but it takes more than that to kill a bull moose . ”
TR then talked for 90 minutes , before finally consenting to be taken to a hospital .
Clearly , Theodore Roosevelt did not just spout platitudes about living the strenuous life ; he absolutely embodied and lived the principles he espoused .
Why Live The Strenuous Life
The strenuous life gives you confidence
A mere life of ease is not in the end a very satisfactory life , and , above all , it is a life which ultimately unfits those who follow it for serious work in the world .
Taking on responsibility and overcoming challenges is the best way to increase your manly confidence .
Don ’s sit on your butt all day playing X Box .
Get out of the house and look for challenge .
That ’s how TR built up his confidence .
He actively sought hard tasks and took them on .
Start living the strenuous life today and increase your confidence by taking on a challenging goal .
Do something that you have often thought about , but have never followed through with .
The strenuous life makes you a better husband and father
The man must be glad to do a man ’s work , to dare and endure and to labor ; to keep himself , and to keep those dependent upon him .
Sadly , many men are shirking the responsibilities of family .
The strenuous life requires that you be the best husband and father you can be .
Work so you can provide a comfortable living for those who depend on you .
Give the emotional support your wife needs .
Be an active participant in your children ’s lives .
The strenuous life makes your country stronger
In the last analysis a healthy state can exist only when the men and women who make it up lead clean , vigorous , healthy lives ; when the children are so trained that they shall endeavor , not to shirk difficulties , but to overcome them ; not to seek ease , but to know how to wrest triumph from toil and risk .
Americans have gotten lazier and dumber .
The success of a democratic republic like the United States depends on an educated and engaged citizenry .
Sadly , most Americans do n’t know what ’s going on in the world , let alone their own country .
Fewer American are engaged in their community .
Shirking our civic duties will only make our country weaker .
Take on the challenge of being an engaged citizen .
Keep up with current events not only in America , but also the rest of the world .
And do n’t just settle with watching the fluff news on Fox and CNN .
Check out publications like The Economist or The Atlantic Monthly .
They provide far more in - depth analysis of what ’s going on in the world today .
Also , get involved in your community .
Attend town hall meetings .
Join a civic group like the Rotary Club or a young professionals organization .
Will it be hard to find time to do these things ?
Of course .
But that ’s what living the strenuous life is all about .
Taking on challenges and overcoming them .
No country can long endure if its foundations are not laid deep in the material prosperity which comes from thrift , from business energy and enterprise , from hard , unsparing effort in the fields of industrial activity ; but neither was any nation ever yet truly great if it relied upon material prosperity alone .
Overcoming the fear of failure and criticism
In your quest to live the strenuous life you will undoubtedly meet failure and criticism .
Do n’t let this hold you back from living the life of vigor .
Failure and criticism are just obstacles for you to conquer as you seek to live a life of greatness .
We leave you with a famous portion of TR ’s speech , “ The Man in the Arena . ”
It is not the critic who counts ; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles , or where the doer of deeds could have done them better .
The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood ; who strives valiantly ; who errs , who comes short again and again , because there is no effort without error and shortcoming ; but who does actually strive to do the deeds ; who knows great enthusiasms , the great devotions ; who spends himself in a worthy cause ; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Related Articles
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York police who killed an unarmed black man with 50 shots on his wedding day were careless and desperate to make an arrest because their vice unit was about to be disbanded , a prosecutor said on Monday .
Nicole Paultre
Bell arrives outside the courthouse on the first day of the trial of three New York City police officers charged in the 2006 shooting death of her fiance Sean Bell , an unarmed black man , hours before his wedding , in Queens , New York , February 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip East
Two officers went on trial for manslaughter and a third for reckless endangerment in the death of Sean Bell , 23 , who was killed in 2006 following a bachelor party at a strip club in a case generating outrage in much of New York ’s black community .
Civil rights activist Al Sharpton sat next to the fiance , Nicole Paultre , in a gallery packed with Bell ’s friends and relatives and police sympathetic to the defendants .
Protesters outside , many of whom wanted the officers to face murder charges , held up signs numbered 1 to 50 , chanting each number .
Demonstrators have called the case an example of police brutality toward blacks .
One of the defendants is a black , one is black Hispanic and the third is white .
The case will be decided by a State Supreme Court judge because the officers waived their right to a jury trial , saying any jury in the borough of Queens would be biased against police due to intense media coverage .
On the night of the shooting , the officers were told by a superior officer , “ This might be our last night together .
Let ’s make it count , ’ ” assistant district attorney Charles Testagrossa said in opening arguments .
He accused the officers of “ carelessness verging on incompetence ” and said that once the shooting began they “ never paused to reassess . ”
The Club Enforcement Unit was eager to make a prostitution arrest , which would have shut the club down , Testagrossa said .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
HINDSIGHT
Defense lawyers countered that the officers were engaged in dangerous police work and lacked the benefit of hindsight .
Bell and two friends left his bachelor party in the early morning hours of his wedding day on November 25 , 2006 , and were followed to Bell ’s car by police who believed one of the men was going to fetch a gun to settle a dispute .
When police pulled their guns on Bell , he drove into one of them and rammed into an unmarked police van .
The defense lawyer for officer Michael Oliver , who fired 31 times by emptying his gun and reloading , faulted prosecutors for focusing on the number of shots and relying on hindsight .
“ The fundamental flaw in the people ’s case is its fixation on the number of shots , ” James Cullerton told the judge .
Describing Oliver ’s mindset at time of the shooting , Cullerton said : “ If he stopped , he would be looking down the barrel of a gun . ”
The lawyer for Gescard Isnora , the undercover detective who fired the first shot and 11 in total , urged the judge to strip politics from the hearing and portrayed his client as trying to shut down a “ gritty , raunchy strip joint in a working - class community . ”
None of the three officers had ever fired their weapons before in the line of duty , defense lawyers said .
The fiance , Paultre , 23 , wearing a black suit and appearing composed and soft - spoken , was called as the prosecution ’s first witness .
Paultre said that she and Bell , the father of her two young daughters , had been high school sweethearts .
She said that she had attended a bridal shower at her mother ’s home on the night of Bell ’s death , and that he and six friends had planned his bachelor party at the last minute .
On what was to be their wedding day , Paultre said she went to the hospital with her mother and older sister to see Bell .
When asked what condition he was in , Paultre broke down in tears .
“ He was in the morgue , ” she said .
Youtube has a huge problem and they have dug a hole so deep they are never going to be able to fix it unless they change their approach to copyright .
There is no reason to discuss further whether or not Youtube or Google Video is elgible for protection from the DMCA .
That topic will be decided by the courts .
The question now is whether or not using the DMCA is a good business decision .
The fundamental business issue in claiming protection behind the DMCA is that it requires Youtube to not know what videos are on its site .
Unless an uploader is copyright owner that has signed a deal with Youtube giving them knowledge of the videos they will be uploading , by law Youtube can't have any idea what videos are on the site or where .
Think about that for a minute .
How hard is it to sell advertising around content when you have no idea what the content is ?
Its impossible .
Its like selling advertisers a lottery ticket , and we all know how good an investment a lottery ticket is for the ticket buyer .
For some reason the media seems to think that there is n't advertising on Youtube because of advertisers fear of User Generated Content .
Thats not it .
Volume impressions are still sellable .
As is volume video .
There is a huge market for mass video .
Unfortunately for Google , they take a huge risk of liability from the DMCA in generating revenue next to copyrighted materials they do n't have permission for .
So to play it safe , they do n't sell advertising around videos they do n't have licenses for .
So what is happening amounts to Google basically subsidizing the hosting of video for the entire internet .
Fortunately for Google , they are probably the only company that could afford to lose that much money a year which has to run into the 100s of millions of dollars per year at this point .
Unfortunately for Google , even with their new attempts to protect copyright , it does n't change the particulars of how they have to follow the DMCA and what their advertising sales options are .
Which leads to this question .
Should Google start proactively checking uploaded videos for copyright violations and if they did , how would it change Youtube and its relationship with copyright owners , visitors , advertisers and their bottom line ?
It would n't be a technical challenge to review for copyright .
It would n't be a financial challenge in hiring and training the thousands it would take to review the videos after all , this process would allow Google to finally know what content they have and sell ads around the videos .
And it wouldnt be a difficult evaluation process .
A quick smell test would be easy , with any uncertainty being sent to uploader for confirmation of ownership ,
Would the number of videos uploaded and allowed fall off a cliff ?
Does the take down notice process actually work , which would mean that there is no real net affect on the number of videos available to visitors ?
Would users get so upset they would find another site that flaunted the DMCA as a replacement ?
If there is a chance that Google loses any of the many lawsuits and faces Billions in damages , which there is , how big a chance is that and should Google start to cut their losses now by making the change .
Madonna has at times imitated Monroe 's bottle blonde looks
Lawrence Nicastro , 73 , said he found the grainy poster - sized photo at his home and thought it was a rare picture of Monroe posing as a naked hitchhiker .
He and his wife Phyllis then spent four months researching the photograph .
Mr Nicastro suspected it had been left by a customer at his service station in New York city in 1962 .
The couple brought in Monroe expert Chris Harris , who confirmed it was a genuine , exciting find .
Harris scheduled a news conference to unveil the image but allowed some journalists a sneak preview .
They suggested the photographic treasure was in fact a shot of Madonna from her graphic 1992 book , Sex .
It displayed the singer wearing just heels and a handbag , with a cigarette in her mouth .
Harris realised the mistake : " You 're right ; it 's Madonna .
If there ever was an embarrassing moment ... "
He still plans to hold the news conference to " face the music " .
" Who wins here ?
Madonna , of course .
She really looks like Marilyn Monroe , " insisted Harris .
It is not clear where the photograph actually came from , but Harris said he believed someone had slipped the poster into Mr Nicastro 's belongings as a practical joke .
New home construction fell again in December as builders scramble to cut back in the face of rising inventories and fewer orders .
The drop - off is likely to hurt businesses that serve the housing industry , which economists do not expect to bottom out until the middle of the year .
Groundbreakings remain at the lowest level in more than 16 years , and permits for new residential construction projects recorded their slowest month since the housing recession of the early 1990s , the Commerce Department said on Thursday .
Housing starts fell by 14 percent last month , to an annual rate of 1.006 million , seasonally adjusted .
Residential construction dropped nearly 40 percent in 2007 as a whole .
Having done some research the last few days I have come to the possible conclusion that there may be more than meets the eye here .
Blackwater has been in a big legal fight with the town of Potrero to build the nations largest mercenary training center .
The people of the Potrero community have resisted Blackwater 's attempts to do so , now suddenly all of their homes are gone and the entire community destroyed and purged of all Blackwater resistance .
I have a funny feeling that Blackwater may be getting a real good deal on a huge swath of land after the smoke clears .
Three weeks ago , the Petrero community was asked to sign a letter to Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Barbara Boxer about Blackwater 's base , including a warning about Potrero's " fire - prone landscape " :
" Not only will Blackwater 's proposed California paramilitary base disrupt the lives of its residents , but it will also threaten the pristine natural habitat of the Round Potrero Valley , which includes part of Cleveland National Forest and is adjacent to the proposed Hauser Wilderness preserve .
The regular detonation of firearms would be a risk both to the fire - prone landscape as well as to the wildlife that currently calls that area home , including the golden eagle and the California condor . "
Blackwater is ironically now playing on those very people 's emotions by offering their helicopters , tanks and soldiers to help the community and surrounding areas fight the fires .
This fire exploded just as the people of Potrero were preparing for a recall election on December 11 to kick out the planning group members who approved Blackwater 's base .
With ballots scheduled to be mailed in early November to less than 600 registered voters in this historic vote - by - mail recall , Potrero residents were preparing for an intense campaign over the next six weeks .
But the actual landscape -- and the political landscape -- of Potrero have been transformed over the last 48 hours .
I 'm starting to hear on the news that authorities believe some of these fires were deliberately set .
It is almost , just too convenient , I 'd say .
How strong is your relationship ?
Is it absolutely , positively unshakable ?
If so , do you know why ?
If not , do you know what the problem is ?
This article has seven “ pillars ” of a strong relationship … if all seven are standing firm , your relationship will be strong and reliable .
If one of them falls , the relationship gets a little more shaky , as the others have to pick up the added burden of support .
The pillars all support each other , as well .
That means that as one falls , the others are weaker , and more likely to fall themselves .
This can cause a domino effect , where a relationship that has been relatively good completely falls apart in an amazingly short time .
The good news is that a pillar can be repaired , but it requires a lot of time and effort for most of them , so if you notice one of them starting to become unstable in your relationship , fix it before it falls completely .
So now , here it is , what you ’ve been waiting for , the seven pillars of a strong relationship ( or how to make your relationship unshakable ) :
Honesty Honesty is important in every aspect of life , including relationships .
If you are not honest with your partner , then you are intentionally erecting internal walls that keep them away from who you really are .
Keeping your partner at a distance is notconducive to a strong relationship ( see # 6 ) .
There is someone it is even more important to be honest with than your partner , however , and that someone is probably someone you ’re very used to deceiving … you .
If you are n’t honest with yourself , about who you are , what you want , where you are going … you ca n’t possibly be honest with your partner .
So be honest with yourself first .
Trust Nothing makes a relationship shaky faster than broken trust .
Trust is ( relatively ) easily given the first time , but once broken , is very difficult to repair .
The trust referred to here is n’t just about your partner being able to believe what you say .
It ’s about them being able to trust you completely … trust you to not hurt them , trust you to be committed to them , trust you with everything from the smallest detail up to and including trusting you with their life .
It is n’t just big things that break someone ’s trust , either .
Little things can chip away at it until it ’s so fragile that the slightest burden shatters it .
Respect
If you want a solid relationship , respect is an essential part .
You need to respect your partner ’s needs and wants , their weaknesses and strengths , their dreams and goals .
You need to respect who they are .
Do n’t try to make them be like you … do n’t treat them like they are wrong any time they differ from you .
Very little in the world is black and white , wrong and right … understand that and accept that their differences do n’t need “ fixed ” .
It ’s also important to remember that you need to truly respect them , not just make a show of it in front of them .
If you truly respect them , then you wo n’t disrespect them to your friends or family , or anyone else .
Doing so , even if they never find out , only weakens your respect for them further , and does n’t help your commitment , either .
Communication
No list of things which are important to a relationship could possibly be complete without listing communication .
Communication is a part of so much of the rest of a relationship … it ’s hard to trust someone who wo n’t communicate with you , it ’s hard to have intimacy , attention nearly always includes a communication component … virtually every aspect of a relationship is touched by communication .
That ’s why it ’s important to know how to communicate well and effectively .
A big part of this is body language … become aware of your body language , and make certain that it reflects the actual words that come out of your mouth … in other words , do n’t be thinking about what you ’re going to do tomorrow ( which will affect your body language ) while you ’re talking to your partner about something important right now .
It ’s also important that you understand that listening is as big a part of communication as what you express yourself .
Do n’t make conversations a competition , do n’t try to “ fix ” everything your partner tells you ( Men , pay special attention to that one ) , and do n’t be just waiting for them to stop talking so you can speak .
What you should do in communication is focus on things that you have in common … that ’s what brings you together .
Focusing your communication on things that you do n’t share makes it harder for your partner to relate to you , which is certainly not going to help with strengthening the relationship .
Attention I ’ve mentioned attention a few times before , in previous articles … attention is the means by which you give something or someone importance in your life .
Everyone knows this instinctively , although being consciously aware of it is much more rare .
This means that when you give your partner and your relationship attention , they will notice and respond .
When you give them less , they will notice that , too .
Indiscriminate , undirected attention can become oppressive , however .
You need to give them your attention in ways that show that you are thinking about them , not about you .
Giving your partner attention does n’t necessarily even involve time with them .
It can be picking out something that they will like and getting it for them , or making them something , or planning a trip that they will enjoy , etc .
Giving them attention simply means spending time and energy on them , even if most of that time and energy is n’t actually with them .
Intimacy Many relationships have drifted from a husband / wife relationship to a friends relationship because of a lack of intimacy .
This does n’t just mean sexual intimacy , although that is important , too … it means dropping the walls you have inside of you and letting your partner deeper than the surface level that you keep up to protect yourself from being hurt .
It means trusting them enough to let them in to where they can hurt you .
The more intimacy ( by this definition ) your relationship has , the stronger it will be … provided that the intimacy is mutual .
When only one person allows the other past their walls , it is very hard , and very tiring , on the other person .
It also starts affecting many of the other pillars , as the person who does open their walls will start to wonder why the other does n’t ( trust ) , whether the other person cares ( attention , respect ) , and if they can continue to count on the other person ( trust , commitment ) .
Letting down your walls with your partner can be very hard , especially the ones deep inside , the ones that you do n’t even let down for yourself … but your relationship can only be as strong as your intimacy allows .
For reference , here are a couple of ARM reset charts .
Here is a chart from BofA analyst Robert Lacoursiere via Mathew Padilla at the O.C. Register .
Please see Mathew 's discussion from June 29th : BofA Analyst : Mortgage correction just ' tip of the iceberg ' .
This fits with Tanta 's post this morning on Subprime Borrower Refi Options .
Another chart , from March , is from Ivy Zelman at Credit Suisse ( Zelman has since left CS ) .
The March Credit Suisse report , Mortgage Liquidity du Jour : Underestimated No More is available at Bill Cara 's site ( see page 47 for reset chart ) .
Overview ( 2 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Jason Zimbler , aka Funky Ferg , was born on July 27 , 1977 , and weighed in at a bulky 7 lbs , 7 oz .
At the age of two , he moved to the Canarsie section of Brooklyn .
At the age of 6 , Jason began a long and storied career in the entertainment industry .
Gainful employment began on the long - running , little - watched , and soon - forgotten soap opera The Edge of Night ( 1956 ) .
Following a one - year tenure on the show , after which the show was canceled , the family moved to Livingston , New Jersey .
Soon after high school began , Jason was cast as the annoying little brother ( some would say a part he was born to play ) in a Nickelodeon pilot titled Clarissa ( 1991 ) , in which he played the role of Ferguson , Clarissa 's persnickety younger brother .
Once the show was picked up for an extended run , scheduling conflicts arose between taping the show in Orlando and high school , and Jason was forced ( reluctantly ) to enroll in an all - girls school near his home .
After two and a half years , Jason was ready to leave the nest for college .
Just as the show ended its run , college began for Jason in South Bend , Indiana .
Despite having survived countless perils to this point , college was no picnic .
A veteran of thrice - changed majors and numerous cocktail parties , Jason emerged relatively unscathed and ready for the real world .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : < karen_lea_anne@hotmail.com >
Trivia ( 5 )
Graduated from the University of Notre Dame [ 1998 ]
He has a younger sister , Judi , who had some experience being in commercials when she was younger .
New York , NY , USA : Working full - time as a software designer for HBO . [ 2011 ]
Began a support group for child actors called Been There , Done That . [ 2008 ]
Jason worked on an Internet radio show called X2radio.com with his buddy Nate Rackiewicz ( whom he befriended ) while attending college at Notre Dame . [ 2002 ]
Among them [ i.e. , conditions justifying secession from treaties ] are high mortality rates among Lakota , skyrocketing drug and alcohol abuse , high rates of incarceration , disturbing disease rates , shameful poverty , low rates of housing , high unemployment and , finally , threatened culture .
These are all serious issues that need to be addressed .
The problem is sovereignty is not the answer and the American government is not responsible for many of the problems , although colonialism likely created the conditions .
In fact , separation might exacerbate them .
Just as in Canada , a sudden withdrawal of federal assistance to indigenous communities would make many social problems worse .
Once individuals are empowered , they can bring respect and dignity back to their families and communities .
If you 've been living under a rock , or just preoccupied with the holidays , you may have missed the news that a portion of the United States in the middle of the country is no longer part of the country .
To catch up , start by remembering your U.S. history — in particular the parts of the 17th , 18th , and 19th centuries where invading hordes of syphilitic , pox-ridden Europeans ran the indigenous peoples of North America off of their native lands and destroyed the basis of a developing economy .
For the Lakota Sioux nation , a seminal event in the history of American aggression was the December 1890 massacre at Wounded Knee , in which American Cavalrymen killed at least 150 Lakota Sioux , 62 of the women and children .
By the mid-20th century , indigenous government of all tribes had been restricted by treaty and acts of Congress to minimal , often undesirable , tracts of land dispersed throughout the country in the reservation system .
Flash forward to February 1973 , when members of the American Indian Movement occupied the town of Wounded Knee , and the United States laid a 71 - day siege that ended more or less peacefully , but not without casualties .
AIM leadership was protesting then - current president Dick Smith of the Oglala Sioux Tribal Council , whom they claimed was more closely aligned with the interests of the United States than the Lakota Nation .
Then , last month , an AIM - led political coalition announced the Lakota withdrawal from all treaties with the United States and an intent to establish a new Lakota nation which would issue its own passports and seek diplomatic ties with foreign governments .
This action cuts a hole in the northern part of mid-west America .
The Oglala Lakota face serious problems : the vast majority ( more than 95 % , by some estimates ) of the population on the reservation have incomes below the poverty line , and unemployment is rampant ; medical care is scarce , but the Lakota have higher than average rates of diabetes , obesity , and alcoholism ; life expectancy on the Pine Ridge reservation is 48 years for men , 52 years for women .
These are overwhelming crises which scream for intervention , and it is easy to think of the Lakota in only those terms ; it is easy to think to oneself , " Oh , those people .
They 're poor , and life is hard for them . "
One often follows that sentiment with the subtly racist , " they 're going to need our help if they 're going to get better .
" Indeed , recent events have brought these thoughts to the forefront .
Here 's an excerpt from a column in the Edmonton Sun And later :
While the author is n't entirely wrong , he rather misses the point about cultural poverty that Ruby Payne , in her book " A Framework for Understanding Poverty , " makes clear : poverty is relative , and those in generational poverty must reject cultural norms and give up , at least temporarily , their relationships in favor of wealth building .
This columnist suggests tacitly that the poor in Pine Ridge lack respect and dignity , which tells us something about the columnist .
To the extent that this columnist is speaking from a middle - class cultural background , it tells us something of the middle class , as well .
The problems facing those living in Pine Ridge arose over the course of centuries , and likely wo n't be resolved in anything less than several generations .
Importantly , although the United States helped create the conditions that caused the long - lasting economic depression among indigenous North Americans , these problems can't be solved by unilateral U.S. action , nor is it clear that U.S. help will ever be fully accepted .
Centuries of history have taught them to fear Americans , even bearing gifts .
Instead , we should do what we should have done centuries ago , and start treating the Lakota and other native American nations as truly sovereign , independent nations .
It is true that the U.S. and Lakota nations are not , and likely will never be , true equals ; the U.S. has a larger population , wealthier economy , superior military , and far greater global political presence .
However , these same things could be said of the comparison between the U.S. and Viet Nam , the U.S. and Belgium ; the U.S. and Ecuador ; the U.S. and Israel ; the U.S. and Kenya .
This dignity and respect we think is missing in the Lakota is , in reality , missing only in our view of the Lakota , and will be restored when we acknowledge the respect and dignity the Lakota deserved long before the United States was born .
ONLY a few years ago , Jonathan Daniel had hit 40 as a failed hair - metal god replete with gray hair , stolid paunch and a penchant for faded , tapered denim jeans .
Bob McLynn , a Mr. Clean look - alike one decade younger , was a failed post - hardcore bass player living off a deficit account .
So it makes an odd kind of poetic sense that together , as the masterminds behind the New York - based agency Crush Management , they are responsible for some of the most popular , ubiquitous and critically savaged emo / pop - punk bands of the moment – Fall Out Boy , Panic !
At the Disco , The Academy Is . . . basically , any band that a 13 - year - old girl with a blog and Hot Topic habit obsesses over .
“ [ I thought ] as long as I could figure out how to make money with artists , it ’ll be a business , ” says Daniel , whose face shines with a fine film of sweat and who punctuates nearly every thought with a high - pitched , machine - gun - style laugh .
“ And the turning point came when I found Fall Out Boy . ”
How Daniel found Fall Out Boy is in dispute ( he says he stumbled across a song on the Web ; FOB bassist / lyricist Pete Wentz recalls mailing in a tape ) , but the band was the first act Daniel and McLynn signed to their struggling company – though Daniel was skeptical .
“ I was like , ‘ I do n’t know .
They ’re so green , ’ ” he recalls .
“ But Bob was like , ‘ I know what to do . ’ ”
McLynn threw the band in a van and had them tour the country for a year , while Wentz intuitively built up a fan base – albeit primarily among 13 - year - olds – by creating a patina of intimacy with them online .
Which , to suburban girls suffering from strip - mall ennui , felt very real .
“ And then I went to see FOB down at the Continental for a little Sunday afternoon show , and there were 300 kids there , at 3 in the afternoon , singing every word to every song , ” says Daniel .
“ I started going crazy .
This was the new way to reach kids . ”
Fall Out Boy ’s success has spawned a legion of sound - alike , look - alike bands , several of which are now signed to Crush , including Panic ! and Academy – both discovered by Wentz .
He also encouraged Crush to sign the supremely goofy rap - rock outfit Gym Class Heroes , who just had a No. 1 hit with “ Cupid ’s Chokehold . ”
Much like Lou Pearlman – the crooked impresario who created and controlled the ubiquitous boy bands of the mid- to late ’90s – the guys behind Crush
have successfully marketed a critically dismissed , yet commercially successful , stable of cute boy bands to timid teenage girls not yet ready for real rebellion .
“ It ’s no different than * NSYNC with guitars , ” says Butch Walker , a producer and songwriter who has worked with FOB and Academy .
“ Which they ’re not .
But I do n’t think [ these ] kids are as critically discerning as they would be if they were older . ”
Crush ’s management style borrows from Pearlman ’s business model , as well as parts of Motown and the Brill Building .
They ’re a factory , operating out of a single loft - like office space on East 11th Street .
The recording studio is in the back , as is the in - house producer , a lanky , talkative 37 - year - old journeyman named Sam Hollander .
The merchandising is run out of the front .
The on - call video director , a super - chill 38 - year - old “ Sound of Music ” obsessive named Alan Ferguson , has a room of his own , littered with candles and DVDs of old Hollywood musicals , while core songwriter and producer Walker is based out of Los Angeles .
Shrewdly , Crush simply manages this team .
None of these artists is on the Crush payroll , but when they work with Crush artists , Daniel and McLynn – who pointedly and often refer to their company as a “ family ” – get a cut .
“ It ’s not as ugly , seedy , inside - job as it seems with us , ” says Walker .
“ It ’s really like a family . ”
Until now , Daniel and McLynn have intentionally remained anonymous , which allows their biggest bands to seem like part of an organic movement rather than extensions of a calculated , cultivated brand .
Fall Out Boy , Panic ! and Academy specialize in baroque videos with narratives not seen since the ’ 80s , as well as logorrheic song titles only an adolescent could love : “ Get Busy Living or Get Busy Dying ( Do Your Part To Save the Scene and Stop Going to Shows ) , ” “ Champagne for My Real Friends , Real Pain for My Sham Friends ” – Fall Out Boy tracks both .
“ The kids get so deep on the lyrics , ” says McLynn .
“ They speak to kids on a level that no one ’s spoken to them before . ”
Also unofficially employed by Crush is Fall Out Boy lyricist / bassist Wentz , the band ’s most famous member and the elfin , guylinered mascot of the entire scene .
A pop-culture obsessive who spends an inordinate amount of time online , Wentz basically works as their A&R guy , having signed all three bands to his own label , Decaydence , which is also managed by Crush , as is Wentz ’s clothing line , Clandestine .
“ It can get incestuous , ” Wentz concedes .
“ Crush manages everything I do – almost everything .
I pee on my own .
But it ’s a trickle - down theory of economics that really works . ”
“ Wentz is an entrepreneur , ” says Walker .
“ He was a bored kid from the suburbs who was like , ‘ I ’m gonna have more T - shirts to sell than songs in my set list . ’ ”
Wentz himself – who recently hit a new , Us Weekly level of celebrity by hooking up with the dubious likes of Ashlee Simpson – admits that “ Fall Out Boy is the way I support my lifestyle . ”
“ All the bands judge each other by how much merch they sell , ” says Daniel .
Such crass commercialism has long had its place in hip - hop – Wentz himself aspires to be like his mentor and Island / Def Jam president Jay - Z – but in Wentz ’s scene , not so much .
This makes him one of the most loathed figures in rock , suspected of exploiting his fans ’ false sense of a confessional community in the interest of selling CDs at $ 20 a pop .
And the Crush bands are among the very few , in the age of file - sharing and downloads , who can ; FOB ’s latest record , “ Infinity on High , ” debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard charts .
Yet these profit - margins have n’t translated to critical respect , or fans over the average age of 15 .
Daniel , to his credit , is n’t so shocked .
He admits that the bulk of his bands are n’t so familiar with rock .
“ Panic ! in particular – I think their musical history traces back to the first Third Eye Blind album , ” he says .
“ That ’s it .
Like , the guy producing their record gave them ‘ The Beatles Anthology . ’
And they were very excited , but they did n’t know any of it . ”
Also , Daniel thinks that FOB and its spawn are disparaged by critics because “ they ’re very much like the hair bands of the ’ 80s , like Motley Crue – it ’s , like , heavy metal for girls .
This scene is very much like that .
It ’s very female - based . ”
“ He could n’t be more on the mark , ” says producer Hollander of Daniel ’s assessment .
“ Dead on .
If you were a hipster , like I was at that , age – God , you wanted to laugh at it .
That ’s exactly right . ”
“ It ’s not edgy , ” says songwriter Walker ( he ’s also written and produced for Pink , Avril Lavigne and Bowling for Soup ) .
“ It ’s no different than the hair metal movement that Bon Jovi pioneered , ” he says .
“ When those girls outgrew New Kids on the Block and Debbie Gibson and started smoking cigarettes and hanging out with boys who drive Camaros , they started listening to Bon Jovi .
And that music was not good either . ”
Walker , whose tastes run more toward the Arcade Fire , concedes that a lot of the Crush bands sound “ so same -y – they all have the same look , play the same guitar songs , all the songs are about the same s – – -.
I think that ’s why the critics do n’t like it . ”
He pauses .
“ Jonathan may not be the poster boy for what is indie- cred cool , but if he was , he would n’t be successful .
Let ’s not have our head up our ass and shoot ourselves in the head with the hipster gun .
And I think that ’s why the company is equally loved and loathed . ”
To Wentz , it ’s all just white noise .
He sees himself as one in a long line of great artists who , in their prime , were profoundly misunderstood : “ You know , Bob Dylan plugged in and everyone started booing , ” he says .
“ Thirty years later , he ’s hailed as one of the greatest artists of all time .
There are plenty of ways to get rich .
It ’s very easy .
But if you want to be involved in this , you want to be involved for the legacy of your art . ”
He prefers to see himself and Crush as a latter - day version of Andy Warhol ’s Factory .
“ The most important thing is the brand , and the shift in popular culture we ’re making , ” he says .
“ We do n’t have meetings about what color we should dye our hair . ”
And so next month , the band – which to date has employed monkeys , Wentz ’s dog Hemingway , and Kim Kardashian in its videos – will expand its navel - gazing oeuvre by shooting its next video in Uganda .
“ Pete and the band want to focus a lot of attention on humanitarian efforts , ” says director Ferguson .
“ The band is going to meet at orphanages , political leaders .
Fall Out Boy will play at a school , for example .
You know those big , inflatable things that kids jump on at carnivals ?
We ’re gonna bring one of those to the orphanages for a day so the kids can play with it . ”
Trickier , he says , is capturing the mood : “ I need to make it compelling .
You do n’t want it to look like a Sally Struthers commercial .
This is a ‘ TRL ’ video . ”
But for now , there ’s a tour to wrap up : FOB played Jones Beach last night , along with Crush stablemates Academy and Cobra Starship , after which Wentz headed over to his 28th birthday party at Angels & Kings – a theme park -y dive bar in the East Village recently bought by Crush ( all their artists are investors ) .
The opening night party hosted Jay - Z , Helena Christensen and Kate Bosworth , though of course the Crush guys prefer to position it as just a dirty little clubhouse for their artists .
Wentz , hilariously , told The Post at the opening that his own bar was a necessity because he was n’t “ cool enough ” to get into most clubs .
“ We just want someplace where we can hang out and be ourselves . ”
And which , no doubt , will lure kids from Long Island and New Jersey , hoping to “ hang out ” with their favorite uncool , superfamous rock stars .
Wentz and Crush , though , are n’t worried about the little girls catching on .
“ I feel like our fans could smell a fake , ” Wentz says .
“ I do the things I believe in . ”
“ Wentz , as much as he is hated on by the cred kids – they have no idea what kind of force they ’re reckoning with , ” Walker adds .
“ A lot of people think he ’s cashing in on empathy and pain .
But whatever . ”
maureen.callahan@nypost.com
PEOPLE NOT UNDERSTANDING NOR SEEING THIS ''MENE TEKEL '' ARE BRAINWASHED BLIND ... US : KGB and STASI reinforce Homeland Security .
For whom ?
" These appointments have already been made " Dec. 16th - 2004 - If somebody would inform you , that the former Ex-head of the inhuman and despicable Soviet secret service ' KGB ' , General Yevgeni Primakov , as well as Markus Wolfe , the ex-boss of the ' ' STASI '' , the equally feared former East German '' State Security Police ' ' - ( Staats Sicherheitsdienst ) - have been hired by the United States Gov't for the lawless and already feared secret service " HOMELAND Security " , as experts to reinforce the control in the US of all it 's citizens : would that make you sleep badly ?
Im sorry to wreck your night 's rest , but it seems that it just happened to you , or , better said : to all of us globally .
Nobody - outside the US mainstream media 's reach - would be surprised if the US neocons would appoint a revived Dr. Josef Mengele from Auschwitz as the new Head of Medicare .
A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO [ 1997-06-09 ]
WOLFE FROM THE STASIWAS REFUSED A VISA TO THE US BECAUSE HE WAS A TERRORIST .* Or do you still belong to this completely brainwashed group which - standing in the rain - assures everybody that it 's dry and quite sunny still ?
Up to one 's neck in the manure ; saying it does n't smell .... ?
Saying US concentration camps do not exist and are not prepared ?* Bad luck : you even might end up there if you keep reading items like this .
An American friend of mine , Jim Kirwan , today send me his views on this very underreported matter in an article called : " Tribute " a Submission : " The White House today paid tribute to three individuals by awarding each of them , the ' American Medal of Freedom ' .
This is the nation 's highest honor for civilians , who have contributed to the advancement of this country and the world .
The awards went to retired General Tommy Franks , for his role in fighting the Iraq War ; to George Tenet , for his role as the head of CIA Intelligence in the same war ; and to Paul Bremer , the civilian administrator of Iraq , for his administration of the aftermath of that invasion .
All three men failed miserably in their assigned duties , but each was nonetheless awarded a ' Medal of Freedom ' for their respective efforts .
For his part , Bush was '' re - elected ' ' to the office he has occupied since 2000 .
Indeed a black day for '' Freedom ' ' in the United States ( and all countries the US warmachine is trying to dominate , using genocidal ' Might ' instead of ' Right ' .
- HR ) Which brings us to the next group of sterling individuals who will no - doubt be awarded their own Medals of Freedom , in the very near future .
The first will be the new Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , the man who has remained as close as a shadow to Bush since his governorship in Texas .
This is the genius who wrote all those legalistic overrides of the Geneva Conventions so that we might have unlimited charge of '' enemy combatants ' ' worldwide .
He 's also the man who created the contents of that evil pair of Patriot Acts , that serve as bookends for the legalistic crushing of what 's left of law and government responsibilities under the new '' Terror Laws ' ' .
This guy 's a ' ' must have ' ' if we are to remain on track for Fascism in America , in 21st Century style .
The second recipient of the next round of '' Freedom Medals ' ' ought to be Ex-Admiral Poindexter , for setting up ' Total Information Awareness ' ( TIA ) prior to 911 , but he 's been officially trashed , so that 's impossible .
Instead the award could probably go to one of his additions to the offices of HOMELAND Security : That would be the Ex-head of the Soviet KGB , General Yevgeni Primakov :
The third Medal ought to go to the latest addition to HOMELAND Security .
That would be the former East German STASI chief , Markus Wolfe * , a master of manipulation and intimidation - just what we now need to run our '' Secret National Spy Service ' ' : Sounds like business as usual , but wait : this is not what it might appear to be .
When we took Nazi scientists after W.W.II , to work on weapons systems , they were severely limited to working on systems that other civilians had control over .
We knew who they were and what they were , and they were monitored .
This time , these vicious and utterly barbaric individuals will be employed specifically for the very skills they brought to their communist states , only now they are being imported to decide who lives and who dies in America .
[ See below : US Concentration camps ?*]
These men have not changed , they are who they are , and that is exactly why Bush & the Bandits want them to run those aspects of HOMELAND Security , that spy on and attempt to co-opt U.S. Citizens .
USA is paying ex-barbarians to harass and prosecute Americans .
If these men were to appear for work , in the uniforms of their former States , the public would be outraged , and rightfully so !
But that 's exactly what is happening here , only no one seems the least bit disturbed that the Government of the USA is paying ex-barbarians to harass and prosecute Americans under the guise of ''HOMELAND Security requirements .'' This is not a proposal '' these appointments have already been made ' ' maybe that 's why the Bush government insists on doing everything in SECRET .
Do you like the idea that the former head of the KGB will be practicing his skills on Americans , and getting a handsome US paycheck for his efforts to control us ?
Do you like the idea that the ex-General in charge of the world 's most notorious secret service , in charge of spying on the citizens in Communist East Germany , will also be getting a handsome paycheck from US taxpayers , to practice his obscenities on us ?
Potential disasterMost who have heard about this addition to HOMELAND security , believe that ' it sucks ! ''
Maybe if enough of us actually question the wisdom of these appointments , on the record - then perhaps - something more creative could be done about this potential disaster .
People here work really hard for every penny today , thanks to Bush & his Bandits ; so why should we have to pay the cushy salaries of these particular despicable thugs , who have made careers out of torture and lies , not to mention having held lifelong professional hatreds of our supposed way - of - life .
* United States '' Homeland Security ' ' ?( For Whom ? - HR ) Bush created this 180,000 person agency out of 22 separate agencies , and to date , the public has seen nothing but bad jokes come from this huge and out - of - touch beast .
But under the guidance of these former slave state torturers , maybe things will move along much more efficiently ?
Maybe there are no longer any real differences between the belief systems at the top of the transnational corporate food chain .
Maybe what is being used against the population here is only what so many corporate powers have been reluctant to do for far too long .
Apparently the real powers must now feel very comfortable , at this present moment , when all pretense can finally be dropped and the USA can finally take its place among the tyrannical empires that have preceded us on that one - way road to owning everything and everyone ?
Think about that day , in the near future when the Bushwhacker will pin the American '' Medal of Freedom ' ' upon the shapeless chests of these three despicable throwbacks ( in the grand tradition he just established today ) - and do n't forget how many more Americans they will each mutually be responsible for sending to prison , to torture , or to death .
* This is not just '' politics ' ' anymore ; this is ' Tribute ' , being paid out in the actions that we take as a nation , against our own people .
Who profits from these appointments , and who pays ?
[ andend ] **************************************************************************
HR :
And this is what I found the White House said earlier about Wolfe : ''he sponsored terrorist attacks against us , why would we give him a visa ?
" Excerpt from the U.S. Department of State Daily Press Briefing # 87 , 97-06-09 *QUESTION :
Do you have anything on the visa situation of Mr. Wolfe , of the former East Germany ?
MR. BURNS : You know , I think I do have something on that , George , and I 'm glad you raised that question .
Yes .
We 're talking about Markus Wolfe , the former head of Stasi , right ?
The East German police .
Well , he was refused a visa , as my records show , in 1996 .
He was deemed to be ineligible for an American visa under Section 212 ( a ) ( 3 ) ( b ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act .
This section states that aliens who have engaged in terrorist activities are not eligible for visas to travel to the United States .
It covers several types of terrorist activities , including preparing and planning terrorist activities , providing material support to those who have committed or plan to commit terrorist acts .
He was the deputy minister of state security for East Germany .
He was the head of the ministry 's foreign espionage branch .
He actively aided and abetted and fostered international and state - supported terrorism when he was an East German government official .
As the number 2 person in Stasi and the head of the espionage branch , he was absolutely in the decision - making channel .
There 's no question about that .
By his own admission , he participated in determining the ministry 's policy and goals and he's , therefore , ineligible .
We , in the State Department , do not believe it is appropriate to give him a waiver from Section 212 ( a ) ( 3 ) ( b ) because we think it is inadvisable for someone who spent his entire career as an opponent of free German , West Germany , as an opponent of the German people , and someone who is anti-American and trying to bring down our government and sponsor terrorist attacks against us , why would we give him a visa ?
So , he is not coming to the United States .
He can write his best - selling books , but he wo n't be able to enjoy the United States throughout the rest of his life if we have anything to do with it . " [ end quote - BURNS ] NOW WOLFE BROUGHT THE STASI / GESTAPO TO THE STATES ... Who dares to call this " Homeland Security " ?
U.S. Department of State Daily Press Briefing # 87 , 97-06-09 :* Burns - Quote - Url.:* Jim Kirwan - Url.:*
Your ' pick - up ' - '' Global Terror by Secret US Death Squads ''* Possible destiny : US Concentration camps / FEMA :* Dr. Josef Mengele - Google Url.: FOREIGN
PRESS FOUNDATIONEditor : Henk RuyssenaarsThe NetherlandsFPF ( at ) Chello.nlThe
Dutch author has this far worked abroad for 4 decades for international media , as a foreign correspondent , of which 10 years - also during Gulf War I - in the Arab World and the Middle East .
Seeing every bomb and every bullet breeding more terror and hate towards the US Gov't and it 's collaboraters .
Blog - HR - Url. :
A future exam question : Identify the elementary programming error in the following actual output from a real web store .
Bonus credit : describe both the quick emergency fix for the problem , and the longterm fix for the problem .
Greetings from CellularFactory.com .
We thought you 'd like to know that we shipped your items , and that this completes your order .
Your order number is ######
Please keep this number for any future requests
You can track the status of this order , and all your orders , online by visiting our page at http://www.CellularFactory.com/help/shipping.jsp
The following items have been shipped to you by CellularFactory.com : ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Qty Item Price Shipped Subtotal ---------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Travel Charger 5.89 2008-02-09 5.89
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Shipped via USPS ( estimated arrival date : about 4 - 6 days after )
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Item Subtotal 5.89 Shipping & Handling : 3.99 Total : 9.879999999999999
--------------------------------------------------------------------
This shipment was sent to :
I teach this bug to my Intro to Java students , but I was a little shocked to see it in production .
This is why I get nervous ordering from tiddlywink sites like Cellular Factory .
If they ca n’t get the easy things right , what ’s the chance they ’re implementing proper information security procedures to protect my financial and personal information ?
Approximately zero , I ’d venture .
Politics
See other Politics Articles
Title : Duncan Hunter out : I now turn my endorsement to Ron Paul for the GOP nomination and for US President
Source : James :: Blog :: The Official Fan Web-site of Tom Tancredo
URL Source : http://tancredo.fancampaign.com/James4Tancredo/weblog/710.html
Published : Jan 21 , 2008
Author : James
Post Date : 2008-01-21 10:52:44 by Happy2BMe-OnLP
Ping List : *ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION * Subscribe to *ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *
Comments : 159
January 20 , 2008 I now turn my endorsement to Ron Paul for the GOP nomination and for US President Greetings , everyone .
Some of you may already know that Duncan Hunter has stepped out of the race .
Rather disappointing ; text below , for your reference , in case you did n't get the e-mail .
I have seen Ron Paul steadily improve in his rhetoric about illegal immigration and his ad right before the New Hampshire primary was EXCELLENT .
As many of you know too , he has always been against the North American Union .
I have to say too , that I - as the web - master for Tom Tancredo - always said , we NEED to run our campaign like Ron Paul 's campaign .
His campaign is full of excitement .
EVERYONE feels like they are valued and that they are making a difference and that their contributions , whether financial or in efforts , are appreciated .
This was a MAJOR failing of the Tancredo campaign and I later came to believe that this was infact by the design of HQ .
Ron Paul was always my third choice and I had an opportunity to tell him to his face that I would be very happy if he became the President .
I think HE IS trustworthy .
Many of his supporters , however , made me nervous and turned me off from his campaign .
I have seen though that he is principled and is not afraid to offend many of his supporters .
This has been seen in the recent South Carolina debate and also the anti-illegal immigration ad .
You can research that out if you like , or I can dig up some articles on it .
Go on WorldNetDaily.com , for instance .
I also recently learned that Ron Paul is a fellow Baptist !
I did n't know that !
So , this is a good thing .
He is a man of faith , but he tries to frame his arguments in ways that all patriotic citizens can appreciate .
And we all know that he is the " Champion of the Constitution . "
I do n't regret turning my endorsement to Ron Paul at this time .
Of course , I will always wish that Tom 's campaign was run differently , that it had someone else as the campaign manager / director , and that Tom would still be in the race stomping on the other campaigns , but , well , that will never be .
I think that Ron Paul 's campaign does have what it takes to win and he is the only remaining trustworthy candidate .
I encourage all of you to back him at this time and to PRAY for God 's MERCY and GRACE on our land !
Take care and may God bless America !
Subscribe to *ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *
Download Download ( h/t Scarce for vids )
Rudy Giuliani will probably regret going on Meet The Press yesterday .
Tim Russert asks Rudy if he still agrees with the statements made by his unhinged , campaign foreign policy adviser , Norman Podhoretz , who thinks the latest NIE report on Iran was a hit job on President Bush , and recently wrote that he " hopes and prays " that President Bush bombs Iran soon -- and that Rudy agrees with him completely .
Giuliani tries and succeeds in completely scrubbing Podhoretz from the conversation , ( without actually answering the question , of course ) saying that while he believes the military option must be left on the table , he thinks invading Iran should only be done as a last resort .
This shows a big disconnect in the Giuliani campaign , but when it comes right down to it , does anybody believe him ?
Mr Tadic wants to push forward his European integration agenda
Mr Tadic was re-elected by more than 50 % of voters in a contest that saw a high voter turnout .
Car horns could be heard around Belgrade as Mr Tadic 's supporters took to the streets of the Serbian capital to celebrate the victory .
The election was seen as a referendum on Serbia 's relations with Europe .
This president will lead us to Europe , for which we can hardly wait
Boris Tadic 's supporter
Boris Tadic profile
" Serbia has shown its great democratic potential , " Mr Tadic said in his victory speech .
He lauded Mr Nikolic for his performance in the knife - edge contest , and said the country still had hard work ahead .
The European Union 's Slovenian presidency welcomed the result of Sunday 's poll .
" The EU wishes to deepen its relationship with Serbia and to accelerate its progress towards the EU , including candidate status , " it said in a statement .
The election comes at a sensitive time as Serbia 's Kosovo province prepares to declare independence .
' Stop blackmailing '
Serbia 's electoral commission said Mr Tadic had secured 51 % of the votes compared to Mr Nikolic 's 47 % in a closely monitored election .
Monitors put turnout at about 67 % .
My message to the EU is to stop blackmailing Serbia and stop putting impossible conditions
Tomislav Nikolic
In Belgrade , Mr Tadic 's backers - many waving Serbian and EU flags - celebrated the victory with fireworks .
" All our hopes are possible now to come true , " one supporter was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
" This president will lead us to Europe , for which we can hardly wait , " another supporter said .
Sunday 's vote saw the highest turnout since 2000
Admitting defeat at his party 's headquarters , Mr Nikolic congratulated his opponent , but added : " My message to the EU is to stop blackmailing Serbia and stop putting impossible conditions , that we are ready to be within the EU , but there are some conditions we cannot fulfil . "
His comment was an apparent reference to EU pressure on Serbia to accept Kosovo 's independence .
The election had been seen as a fundamental choice for the country , which has yet to fully shake off the isolation of the 1990s .
The reformist Mr Tadic had campaigned on a ticket promising EU - backed prosperity against Mr Nikolic 's pro-Moscow campaign .
Both candidates argued against independence for the largely ethnic Albanian province of Kosovo .
Serbia is widely seen as key to the stability of the western Balkan region .
War crimes trials
With Kosovo looking set to declare independence within weeks , the BBC's Nick Hawton in Belgrade says many Serbs see the vote as a referendum on their country 's future .
Kosovo has been run by the UN since 1999 , when a US - led Nato bombing campaign drove out Serb forces accused of a brutal crackdown on ethnic Albanian separatists .
The US and most of the EU members back the independence plan , while Serbia and Russia are strongly opposed to it .
Mr Tadic , a psychology graduate and former defence minister , leads the Democratic Party , which has made pushing for Serbian entry to the EU a priority .
He supports the free market and democratic reforms , and advocates co-operation with the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague .
Commander in chief
Mr Nikolic , who believes in closer ties with Russia , was one of the founders of the hardline nationalist Serbian Radical Party .
The Radicals were allies of the ex-President , Slobodan Milosevic , and their leader , Vojislav Seselj , is currently on trial at The Hague for his role during the wars of the 1990s .
While the presidency is a largely ceremonial office , the president is commander - in - chief of the armed forces , a role which carries strong symbolic weight , our correspondent says .
Ethnic Albanian leaders in Kosovo have hinted that the expected declaration of independence may be delayed , after saying earlier this week it was " an issue of days " .
Brussels has asked Kosovo 's leadership to wait until an EU civilian mission can take over from the UN .
Details emerge of vast scope of US domestic spying law
By Joe Kay
20 August 2007
New reports underscore the extraordinary scope of a law passed earlier this month expanding government powers to spy on the population in the US and internationally .
The “ Protect America Act of 2007 , ” passed by the Democratic - controlled Congress , effectively overrides the ban on “ unreasonable searches and seizures ” laid down by the Fourth Amendment of the US Constitution .
The new legislation amends the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) , the main law governing surveillance of domestic communications .
The law had required a warrant — issued by a special FISA court — for electronic surveillance of domestic communications by agencies such as the National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the CIA .
In January 2006 , the Bush administration acknowledged the existence of a NSA program , authorized after the attacks of September 11 , that it said involved electronic surveillance of communications in which at least one end was outside the United States .
From the beginning , it was clear that this was only one aspect of new spying operations of much greater scope .
However , even the program acknowledged by Bush was a clear violation of FISA .
The main provision of the new law passed this month would allow warrantless wiretapping of electronic communications so long as one end of the communications is “ reasonably believed to be located outside the United States . ”
The government could carry out warrantless wiretapping of such communications for up to a year , after certification from the attorney general and the director of national intelligence ( DNI ) .
The language of the law is vague enough to allow the government broad discretion to monitor , without a warrant , the electronic communications of US citizens .
The new law would also allow monitoring of entirely foreign communications that pass through the United States .
By itself , these portions of the bill constitute a massive and unconstitutional expansion of spying powers .
However , the bill grants the government even greater powers to spy on Americans .
A New York Times article published on Sunday ( “ Concerns Raised on Wider Spying Under New Law , ” by James Risen and Eric Lichtblau ) notes that the language of the bill indirectly gives “ the government the power to use intelligence collection methods far beyond wiretapping that previously required court approval if conducted inside the United States . ”
At issue is language in the bill that authorizes warrantless domestic spying not limited to wiretaps and other forms of electronic surveillance .
The new law says that the DNI and attorney general can authorize , without court oversight , warrantless spying of US citizens so long as the information sought “ concerns ” someone who is “ reasonably believed ” to be outside the US .
What is encompassed under the term “ concerns ” is left deliberately vague .
According to some media reports , the administration insisted on this language over more restrictive terminology .
The Times notes some of the consequences of the modifications of the FISA Act : “ For instance , the legislation would allow the government , under certain circumstances , to demand the business records of an American in Chicago without a warrant if it asserts that the search concerns its surveillance of a person who is in Paris , experts said . ”
The effect is to shred the Fourth Amendment protection against warrantless searches .
All the government would have to do to obtain records without a warrant on antiwar organizations or political opponents , for example , is assert that the search “ concerns ” individuals outside the US .
The Times article also notes that , even with the vast powers in the now - amended FISA Act , the Bush administration refuses to state that it will act in accordance with the law .
In the view of the administration , “ the president retains his constitutional authority to do whatever it takes to protect the country , regardless of any action Congress takes , ” the newspaper reports .
The Times quotes Bruce Fein , an associate deputy attorney general under President Reagan , who attended a recent Justice Department briefing on the new law , as saying that , for the administration , the legislation “ is just advisory . ”
Fein said , “ They have not changed their position that the president ’s Article II powers [ including his designation as “ commander - in - chief ” of the military ] trump any ability by Congress to regulate the collection of foreign intelligence . ”
One of the central aims of the new law is to preserve the close ties the government has established with telecommunications companies in the United States .
Much of the world ’s electronic communications pass through the US .
While it has not been publicly acknowledged by the government , several large telecommunications companies have essentially turned over all data flowing through their systems to the National Security Agency , justifying this action on the grounds that the data may include communications of foreign intelligence targets .
A ruling by the FISA court earlier this year reportedly questioned the government ’s rationale for accessing this data , which includes entirely domestic communications .
This was one of the factors behind the administration ’s insistence that the new law be passed which gives these activities a firmer legislative foundation .
The administration has already cited the new law in arguing for the dismissal of a court case against telecommunications giant AT&T brought by privacy advocacy groups .
Complicity of the Democratic Party
The extraordinary breadth of the new law highlights the craven and complicit role of the Democratic Party .
The Democratic - controlled Congress passed a bill before its August recess that adopted the administration ’s position on almost all points .
A substantial section of the Democratic Party voted for the bill , which passed 60 - 28 in the Senate ( 16 Democrats voting in favor ) and 227-183 in the House ( 41 Democrats in favor ) .
The Democratic Party leadership could easily have leveraged its powers as the majority party to block the bill if it had any interest in doing so .
Discussion on a revision of the FISA
Act has been on going for months .
Democratic Party leaders from the start said they supported a new bill modifying FISA so as to increase government spying powers , but sought to put in place certain limitations .
A New York Times article from August 10 noted that after a briefing by the director of national intelligence , Admiral Michael McConnell , “ Senator John D. Rockefeller IV , Democrat of West Virginia and chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , contacted the White House to discuss repairing ” any difficulties that the administration was having in conducting surveillance .
Other leading Democrats , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , emphasized their willingness to reach a compromise with the White House to amend FISA .
This led to a series of negotiations between the Democrats and the White House .
An August 12 article in the Washington Post describes the discussions between administration officials and Democratic Party leaders in the run-up to the bill ’s passage .
One Democratic proposal , according to the Post , would “ limit warrantless surveillance of foreigners ’ communications with Americans to instances in which one party was a terrorism suspect . ”
Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi advanced the alternative proposal that such surveillance be limited to “ threats to national security . ”
McConnell refused this compromise , however .
According to the Post , McConnell insisted , “ All foreign intelligence targets in touch with Americans ... should be fair game for US spying . ”
To pressure the Democrats to fall in line , administration officials seized on recent reports of a supposedly resurgent Al Qaeda threat .
The Post quotes one senior administration official as saying , “ We had a forcing function ” in the form of these reports .
The administration also began raising warnings that there was a “ gap ” in intelligence gathering capacities , and that an immediate change in the law was necessary .
The Democrats advanced a number of other timid restrictions .
“ A Democratic bill , ” the Post reports , “ would have authorized warrantless surveillance ‘ directed ’ at individuals reasonably believed to be outside the United States .
But the administration ’s draft — and the one passed into law — permitted collecting data ‘ concerning ’ people reasonably believed to be outside the country . ”
At one point , the Democrats sought a quid pro quo , which would have allowed passage of the bill in return for an administration agreement to turn over some of the documents describing the wiretapping programs .
McConnell , in constant touch with the Bush administration , rejected all these proposals .
The Post notes , “ [ I ] n the end , it was the Republican bill , a near - copy of [ McConnell ’s ] proposal , that passed both chambers of Congress . ”
The only concession that the Democrats won was a sunset provision that requires the law be reconsidered in six months .
This concession is itself weakened by the fact that any spying authorized prior to the sunset can remain in effect for a full year .
In effect , this allows the expanded spying authority to last for 18 months — or just through the end of the Bush administration ’s term .
Media commentators have sought to explain the Democrats ’ abject capitulation on all fronts by referring to electoral considerations — that the Democrats fear they will be punished at the polls if they are painted as weak in the “ war on terror . ”
This rationale is absurd .
The Bush administration is widely hated by the population .
A Zogby poll as far back as January 2006 indicated that a majority of the population ( 52 percent ) felt Congress should consider impeachment proceedings if the Bush administration engaged in warrantless wiretapping of Americans .
The concern of the Democrats has much more to do with sending the proper signals to the media , the military , and the corporate - financial elite — that they are no less prepared than the Republicans to deal ruthlessly with obstacles to US imperialist interests both abroad and at home .
At the same time , they are no less concerned than the Republicans over growing popular opposition to the policies of the ruling elite .
The new spying powers passed by Congress are ultimately targeted at this opposition .
A fake government office has been discovered in northern India that collected taxes , provided civic services and even handed out birth and death certificates , a report said Monday .
An office was set up outside Jhansi town in Uttar Pradesh state and 20 people were employed to carry out jobs such as street sweeping .
I liked this part :
" He later seems to have decided to carry on with the office as it did not appear to be a loss - making proposition , " an unnamed police officer was quoted by Times of India saying .
The scam only came to light after some employees complained about salary problems to superiors in the actual government department , the report said .
" We were shocked to hear this as we ourselves were not aware that our department had a branch office , " R. Kulkshreshtra , an official with the Jhansi Municipal Corperation , told the newspaper .
Here is the story , here is another .
Thanks to Sarah Jeong for the pointer .
Or if you ’re interested in Indian outsourcing , try this , courtesy of Peter Clark .
Service on Google Inc.'s YouTube
Web site was disrupted around the world for several hours Sunday after a botched effort by the Pakistani government to block access to a video clip critical of Islam .
The story began unfolding Friday when the Pakistan Telecommunications Authority , the nation 's telecom regulator , ordered Pakistan 's Internet - service providers to immediately block access to a specific YouTube video , which it said was so incendiary it could trigger riots .
A senior official at the authority said it also contacted YouTube , requesting that the site remove the video .
The authority argued the clip was a violation of YouTube 's terms of service , which ban hate speech .
YouTube has since removed the clip but says it does n't comment on reasons for removing specific videos .
According to the senior official at the authority , the clip in question was about a soon - to - be released film made by Dutch politician Geert Wilders , whose outspoken comments against Islam have made him a target of protests in the Muslim world and elsewhere .
Mr. Wilders 's own
Web site says his film portrays the Quran as a fascist book that incites people to murder .
Mr. Wilders has previously compared the Quran to Adolf Hitler 's " Mein Kampf . "
On Fox News recently , he said , " Our culture is far better than a retarded Islamic culture . "
He did n't respond to requests for comment on the YouTube incident .
Even though fewer than 5 % of Pakistan 's households are connected to the Internet , the government feared the film could spark riots similar to the deadly violence that broke out in Muslim countries after a Danish newspaper published cartoons about the prophet Muhammad in 2006 , according to a senior official at the authority .
Violent protests have erupted repeatedly in Pakistan in recent months following the assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto .
There were also new protests about the cartoons in recent weeks after Danish authorities arrested several people who were allegedly plotting the assassination of the cartoonist behind the drawing .
Michael Moore is mad as hell about documentaries and foreign films being crowded out of theatres , and he is not going to take it anymore .
" My new year 's resolution is to sit down with the heads of exhibition chains and have them devote one screen in their multiplexes to non-fiction and foreign films , " Moore said .
He says he has spoken with fellow documentary directors to join him in the initiative , including board members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ' documentary branch .
It is still unclear if AMPAS will be officially involved .
The director of four of the top - grossing docos of all time ( Fahrenheit 9/11 , Roger and Me , the Oscar - winning Bowling for Columbine and the just - announced Oscar nominee Sicko ) wants to use his influence with exhibitors to make this happen .
" If not me , then who ? " he said .
" I 'm the one who got through the door . "
Moore 's motivation is the declining box office performance of independent films last year , in which many were taken out of theatres before they had a chance to build word - of - mouth business .
He says it is an extension of his work promoting fellow indie film - makers at his annual Traverse City Film Festival .
" People want to see documentaries , but there 's a disconnect between that desire and the exhibitors out there , " said Moore , adding he had been planning the initiative for several months .
" We 're not asking for charity , " he said .
" This could be on the 15th screen of a multiplex that would otherwise have the sixth showing of the new Harry Potter movie .
Some of these films make $ US200 or $ US300 per screen . "
Moore says he has also spoken with marketers and publicists around the country who have agreed to donate their time to publicise the campaign .
He hopes to break these films out of " the art house ghetto " by having them play in suburban theatres throughout Middle America , where they are not often shown .
The director says the initiative may begin with exhibitors devoting one night a week to these films , instead of one screen per multiplex .
Moore plans to announce details of the initiative at a news conference timed around the Oscars .
- Reuters
January 22 , 2008 21:37 IST
Investors on Dalal Street have lost a whopping Rs 15.82 trillion in the last seven days of market mayhem that included a fall of more than 4,000 points in the benchmark 30 - share sensitive Index or Sensex .
The Bombay Stock Exchange , which opened on a weak note Tuesday morning , managed to rebound from the day's low but finally ended the day at 16,729.94 , a fall of 875.41 points .
Slide show :
Market crash :
Here 's what you MUST do
Even as Finance Minister P Chidambaram sought to calm investors , saying that enough liquidity would be provided to market players and there was no cause for panic , the Gujarat government was not taking any chances with the trading city of Ahmedabad , which boasts a high concentration of investors in the market , going into a tizzy .
On Tuesday evening , a posse of policemen was dispatched to the city 's Lake Kankaria , which has seen many a distraught person commit suicide .
The lake is Ahmedabad 's largest and the city police 's decision came after witnessing the gloom on the streets as the markets continued their downward plunge .
By Wang Shanshan ( China Daily )
Updated : 2007-12-04 07:18
Archaeologists are excited at the prospect that the remains of a 4,000 - year - old city - larger than the Forbidden City - unearthed on the east coast could be the oldest kingdom in the nation 's history .
The Liangzhu ancient city ruins - found in Yuhang county of Zhejiang Province - can be traced back at least 4,300 years , and cover an area of 2.9 million square meters with the city walls 4 - 6 meters in width .
The first discovery was made in June last year when apartment buildings were to be built in Putaoban Village of Yuhang .
Archaeologists were called in because the village is part of the Neolithic Liangzhu Culture protection zone .
It is centered on Yuhang and extends to present day Zhejiang , Jiangsu , Anhui and Jiangxi provinces as well as Shanghai .
The Liangzhu Culture of 5,300 - 4,000 years ago in East China has yielded many exquisite artworks for religious use , most notably jade artifacts .
Under a patch of rice field , archaeologists found a 40 - meter - wide ancient ditch built of hardened earth , in which were large amounts of pottery shards , Liu Bin , a researcher at the Zhejiang Archaeological Institute , said over the weekend .
When archaeologists dug a deep hole on the eastern bank of the north - south ditch , they were surprised to find a large area built of hammered soil and pebbles .
Further excavations showed that the ditch was a canal outside the city , and the area to its east was the remains of part of the city wall .
The walls extended 1,500 - 1,700 m from east to west and 1,800 - 1,900 m from north to south .
The city covers an area of 2.9 million sq m , 200,000 sq m more than the Forbidden City .
It is the largest Neolithic city discovered in China , said Yan Wenming , a professor at Peking University .
" The city could have been the capital of the Liangzhu Kingdom , " he was quoted by the Hangzhou - based Metropolitan Express News as saying .
Historians have long speculated about the existence of such a kingdom 4 millennia ago , Liu Qingzhu , director of the Archaeological Research Institute of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , told China Daily Monday .
Further evidence is needed to prove the city was the capital of the kingdom , he said .
" There should be remains of palaces if there used to be a political power .
The essence of statehood lies in its government , not just in the walls . "
If a political power existed so long ago on the east coast , it is a mystery as to how it faded away , he added .
Published online 4 January 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.408
News
Memory decline in old age may also mean a less vivid imagination .
Stitching together personal details gets harder as we get older .
GETTY
Old age does more than stealthily steal away our most cherished memories : it also seems to diminish our ability to imagine things .
This finding , detailed in the January issue of the journal Psychological Science1 , supports the ‘ prospective brain ’ hypothesis , the idea that imagining the future and remembering the past rely on the same neural machinery .
“ One implication of this study is that imagining is quite closely related to , and dependent on , remembering , perhaps more so than we previously realized , ” says Dan Schacter of Harvard University .
In the study , Schacter and his team asked groups of young and old participants , with average ages of 25 and 72 , respectively , to recount a personal episode from their past or imagine a personal experience in their future in response to cue words .
Details in the participants ’ narratives were categorized as either ' internal ' or ' external ' .
Internal memories are similar to scenes from a movie : they contain specific subjects and take place in particular settings and time periods .
External memories consist mostly of general facts about the world , such as ' the sky is blue ' .
As expected , results showed that the past accounts of the older participants ’ tales contained fewer , and less detailed , internal memories than those of the younger group .
This deficit also extended to their future imaginings .
Imagine that
A young participant asked to imagine a personal scene in response to the cue word ' engine ' , for example , might envisage themselves driving in a red convertible along California ’s Pacific Coast Highway one weekend over the summer .
They might describe seagulls circling overhead , the feel of the wind mussing their hair , and the smell of the salt air as they round a particular corner .
In contrast , an older participant ’s response to the same cue word was : " The scene is I ’m just driving along , in the Saab , and … not worrying about high energy costs … "
It was n’t that the older group had trouble speaking or spoke less , the researchers found .
The older people scored normally on verbal tests , and they talked at length about non-personal external memories .
Brian Levine , a neuroscientist at the University of Toronto in Canada , is convinced that the data show a real decline in personal future imaginings .
“ I think that methodologically they have ruled out the other possible explanations , ” Levine says .
He adds that the findings are consistent with other studies examining future thinking in humans .
" The more interesting question is ' why ? ' , " he says .
Scenic details
The researchers speculate that personal memories are particularly susceptible to ageing because they rely heavily on ' relational processing ' , the ability to mentally summon and join unique pieces of information , such as where and when an experience occurred .
Stitching the particulars of a scene together — be it real or imagined — gets more difficult with age .
Over the past year , the prospective brain hypothesis has gained steady support among neuroscientists .
An intriguing possibility raised by the hypothesis is that the primary role of human memory may not be to remember the past , but to imagine and prepare for the future .
“ Once things in the past are finished , there ’s nothing you can do about them , ” Levine says .
Click on the video above to play .
All these young Russian guys from St. Petersbburg wanted were just a couple of pizza slices and a hot dog .
But it seems that they got there too late – someone was already eating their pizza .
Probably this is when reality meets movies – real Ratatotuille came to play .
Enlarge By Ric Francis , AP Sharon Gandhi votes early , on Jan. 22 , in the California presidential primary in Norwalk , Calif .
The state holds its presidential primary on Feb .
5 . 2008 : MCCAIN VS .
OBAMA 2008 : MCCAIN VS .
OBAMA USA TODAY 's interactive presidential poll tracker helps you dig into the polling trend lines in all 50 states and nationwide .
CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 CAMPAIGN ISSUES : 2008 Click on the titles to learn more about where the presidential candidates stand on the issues :
WAR IN IRAQ
The war in Iraq is the dominant issue in the 2008 race for the White House .
The early primary votes will be cast as the conflict completes its fifth year .
The next president will be the first to take the oath of office during an ongoing war since Richard Nixon in 1969 .
IMMIGRATION
Immigration is a highly divisive issue , as concerns about terrorism amplify the debate about border security .
Congress has failed to enact immigration legislation because of differences between supporters of tougher enforcement to limit illegal entry into the country and advocates of amnesty for illegal immigrants .
HEALTH CARE
Polls indicate that health care is one of the most important issues to voters heading into the 2008 presidential elections .
The rising cost of health insurance and the growing number of uninsured give the issue added urgency .
Several candidates have called for universal health care ; others have said these plans amount to socialized medicine .
EDUCATION
White House hopefuls are divided on the federal government 's role in education as Congress considers changes to President Bush 's signature schools law , the No Child Left Behind Act , and how to make college affordable .
ABORTION
In 1973 , the U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortion in the landmark case Roe v. Wade and the ruling has been the subject of heated political debate ever since .
Presidential candidates over the years have weighed in on a variety of abortion - related topics .
GAY CIVIL RIGHTS
The issue of civil rights for gay men and lesbians -- including the definition of marriage , service in the military and protection against hate crimes -- has long divided the two major political parties .
It 's not as simple as saying Democrats are for them , and Republicans are against them .
USA TODAY INTERACTIVE QUIZ USA TODAY INTERACTIVE QUIZ LEADERSHIP PROFILES LEADERSHIP PROFILES Hillary Clinton : Strong organization characterizes Clinton Barack Obama : Idealistic Obama bets on collaboration John McCain : McCain continues to embrace maverick moniker VAN NUYS , Calif . 
Finally , voters in the nation 's most populous state get to help pick the finalists for president .
For the first time in decades , thanks to an early primary and volatile races in both parties , California is at the center of the action .
It 's the biggest prize on Super Tuesday , the 22 - state tidal wave of primaries and caucuses Feb .
5 . POLL : Full Calif .
results from both sides of the aisle Hundreds of delegates are at stake here — nearly 22 % of those needed to win the Democratic nomination and 15 % of those needed by Republicans — as well as bragging rights and a claim to significant momentum .
" We 're all a little bit startled , " says Dan Schnur , a California - based GOP strategist .
" The fact that both nominations are going to be seriously contested here is very exciting . "
Campaigns court voters here with an intensity usually reserved for small leadoff states in the nomination season .
There are ads on TV , brochures in mailboxes , advocates on the phone , sometimes even a canvasser at the door or a candidate down the block .
Presidential hopefuls often spend time plumbing this wealthy state for money , but this year they also are squeezing in rallies , roundtables and coffee - shop visits .
California is an outsized national presence , whether you 're talking statistics ( 36 million residents and the eighth - largest economy in the world ) , problems ( traffic and natural disasters ) , glitz ( celebrities ) , agenda - setting ( taxes , immigration and global warming ) or Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's macho , movie - star personality .
The state poses outsized challenges for candidates , too .
It costs millions of dollars to blanket California with TV ads , making for tough spending decisions .
The state 's sheer vastness — more than 24,000 precincts across nearly 156,000 square miles — means organizing on a massive scale .
Candidates also must reach out to voters who speak Spanish and independents who often do n't vote .
And they must reach out to everyone early .
In a process that 's been going on since Jan. 7 , up to half the votes in the primary will be cast in advance , through the mail .
One in five voters in each party have voted , according to a new USA TODAY / Gallup Poll .
The new poll , conducted Wednesday through Saturday , showed that Arizona Sen .
John McCain led former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , 35 % - 27 % on the GOP side .
The poll is a snapshot that could change .
Each candidate hopes to rocket into California and other contests with a win Tuesday in Florida .
Among Democrats , New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton led Illinois Sen. Barack Obama here by 12 percentage points , 47% - 35 % , fueled by a 20 - point lead among women .
The snapshot was taken before Obama 's huge win Saturday in South Carolina .
He 's looking to capitalize on that here and stay competitive in the delegate count .
A Clinton victory would give her campaign new energy .
For the past dozen years , California presidential primaries have been in March , after voters elsewhere have crowned nominees or sent them well on their way .
Political veterans reach back 40 years or more trying to recall when the state last helped pick a ticket .
California Republicans dealt a fatal blow to Nelson Rockefeller by choosing Barry Goldwater in 1964 and helped Ronald Reagan nearly block President Gerald Ford 's nomination in 1976 .
For Democrats , " this is probably the most spirited primary we 've had since McGovern - Humphrey in 1972 or Bobby ( Kennedy ) and Eugene McCarthy in 1968 , " says Art Torres , chairman of the California Democratic Party .
The lively contests and earlier primary date have produced " historically unprecedented interest " by both voters and donors , says Mark Baldassare , president of the Public Policy Institute of California .
Candidates are raising more money here than in any other state — $ 51.3 million as of Sept. 30 , finance reports show .
They also are commiserating about the economy , including skyrocketing home foreclosures , and becoming educated about California issues such as the Hollywood writers ' strike .
When McCain visited last fall at the beginning of the strike , says Parneille Walker , 30 , a writer 's assistant from Van Nuys , " he did n't know anything about it .
The next time he came back , he was like , ' The writers ' strike .
It should end . '
He revisited and changed his tune .
A lot of other ones followed . "
Winners wo n't take all California 's return to the spotlight is somewhat diminished by the crush of states voting Feb.
5 and by mathematical reality :
No candidate will be able to lock up a nomination that night .
8 DAYS 'TIL SUPER TUESDAY : Dems kick it into high gear NEW YORK : Another pivotal primary Even so , California offers the most convention delegates — 441 for Democrats , 173 for Republicans .
Some party and elected officials have automatic delegate slots , but most delegates will be awarded proportionally on Super Tuesday , meaning a candidate can collect support toward a nomination by targeting certain congressional districts or even neighborhoods .
" That has a dramatic impact , " says state GOP Chairman Ron Nehring .
" Even if they 're not running first statewide , candidates still have an opportunity to pick up delegates .
It 's more likely that they 'll compete here . "
The environment for that competition is one of mounting economic anxiety .
Foreclosures rose to a record high of 31,676 statewide in the last three months of 2007 .
In the latest USA TODAY / Gallup Poll , 39 % of Democrats and 35 % of Republicans said the economy was the most important issue .
The No. 2 concern divided by party : One - quarter of Democrats said the Iraq war , about one - quarter of Republicans said illegal immigration .
The Clinton and Obama campaigns are the best financed in either party and the only ones on TV here .
Evan Tracey of the Campaign Media Analysis Group says Obama had spent $ 1.1 million and Clinton $ 800,000 as of Wednesday , not including Obama 's $ 300,000 national buy on CNN and MSNBC .
Other signs of California 's elevated status : • Clinton has been here 15 times since she became a candidate , spending the equivalent of about a month in the state .
Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani racked up the same amount of time over a dozen visits , but it has n't translated into much support .
• Obama and Clinton organize neighborhood by neighborhood .
Obama has a plan created by a veteran of the United Farm Workers union .
Clinton has more than 10,000 volunteers .
Both campaigns aimed to call 100,000 voters over the weekend .
• Democrats compete for high - profile endorsements .
Clinton has Sen. Dianne Feinstein , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , director Rob Reiner and actress Sally Field .
Obama has actresses Halle Berry and Scarlett Johansson and labor leader Maria Elena Durazo .
Former senator John Edwards , who had 10 % support in the USA TODAY / Gallup Poll , boasts the Service Employees International Union , actors Kevin Bacon , Danny Glover , Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon and singer Bonnie Raitt .
• Big names on the GOP side include comedian Dennis Miller for Giuliani , former secretary of State George Shultz for McCain and eBay CEO Meg Whitman for Romney .
Latinos , independents are key
The outcome in both parties will be shaped heavily by independents and Latinos .
HISPANICS : Republicans court diverse group in Florida Nearly one in five voters here are registered as " decline to state , " or unaffiliated with a party .
Independents have helped Obama in the Iowa and Nevada caucuses and were key to McCain wins in New Hampshire and South Carolina .
But Republicans here have barred independents from their primary , which could drive them to the Democratic contest .
That 's a potential advantage for Obama , particularly since many independents have what Baldassare calls a " post - partisan " attitude that meshes with Obama 's unity message .
Kam Kuwata , a Democratic strategist , says the challenge is that many independents are not habitual primary voters and some are n't aware they can participate .
" If you think you can get independents , you 'd better shake the tree .
Independents do n't automatically know they can vote , " he says .
The absence of independents in the GOP primary is problematic for McCain .
" He 's going to have to reach deeper into the Republican base , " says Schnur , who worked for McCain 's 2000 campaign but is neutral now .
That will be hard , he says , because illegal immigration " is a bigger issue here than anywhere else they 've been so far . "
McCain alienated the party base last year by backing earned citizenship for many of the 12 million illegal immigrants in the USA .
He now says the public has made it clear a border clampdown should come first .
Pollsters estimate that Latinos in California are 14 % to 20 % of the electorate and up to one - quarter of Democratic primary voters .
They favored Clinton more than 2 to 1 over Obama in the USA TODAY / Gallup Poll .
In Nevada , polls showed she won Hispanics 3 to 1 .
Torres attributes Clinton 's support to Latin America 's " matriarchal society , " which makes it " natural to gravitate to a woman , mother , wife who offers strong leadership . "
Others say it has more to do with the Clintons ' record .
" She 's benefiting from the work that she and her husband did a decade ago " on issues such as health care and housing , Villaraigosa says .
Obama supporters say the gap stems in part from his relative unfamiliarity .
Friday , he launched a Spanish - language ad about his life on Telemundo and Univision in Los Angeles .
" I fervently believe that he can make up ground among Latino voters once they get to know him , " says U.S. Rep. Linda Sánchez , D - Calif .
She has endorsed Obama ; her sister Loretta Sanchez , also a member of Congress , is a Clinton backer .
No matter how much love the candidates lavish on California , voters here will never see retail politicking the way it 's done in Iowa and New Hampshire .
That disturbs Republican Jack Minden , 52 , an architect from Sherman Oaks .
It 's charming that " every Iowan gets to have a presidential candidate over to dinner twice , " Minden says , but it 's also sad : " California is 13 % of the whole country and the tail wags the dog . "
He hopes GOP candidates show up this week in a neighborhood near him .
Before heading for a fundraiser in Pacific Palisades this month , Obama appeared at an " economic roundtable " in Mimi Vitello 's sunny backyard in Van Nuys .
It was an intimate event — the candidate , four voters , 13 TV cameras and about 50 reporters and photographers .
The small group around the white plastic table described financial worries and hardships : an exploding credit - card interest rate , a home being refinanced to pay off four credit cards used to pay rent on a business , Vitello 's interest - only home loan that could outrun her fixed income as a nurse .
Obama , his jacket off and his sleeves rolled up , listened carefully and described how his plans would help .
Later , Obama answered a question for the cameras about his own finances : two credit cards , both paid off .
But " these stories are familiar to me , " he said , because he and his wife borrowed so much money for college and law school : " Our combined student loan debt was higher than our mortgage .
It took us 10 years to pay that off . "
After everyone had cleared out , Vitello , 52 , was as cagey as any old hand in Iowa or New Hampshire .
" I 'm a political skeptic , " she said .
" I have a lot of thinking to do , still . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In this Capital Magazine interview the best - known Russian opposition leader dissects the regime of the reigning President Vladimir Putin .
The charismatic ex-world chess champion accuses the West of being accomplice to the decline of democracy , but praises the courage of [ German ] Chancellor Angela Merkel .
In addition Kasparov reveals where he keeps his money and in where he does push - ups .
Since 2006 the 44 - year - old has been at the head of the many - party coalition " The Other Russia " .
In spite of the constant danger of assassination he lives with his family in Moscow .
Putin 's system works like the Stalin regime
Interview by Claudio De Luca , Moritz Küpper ,
with photos by Martin Langhorst
Mr Kasparov , we meet you here in your holiday home on the Adriatic coast of Croatia .
Have you recovered from the strains of the past months ?
Amongst other things you were arrested after a demonstration in Moscow .
Kasparov : Relaxing here is very easy .
I have been coming here for eleven years now , every summer , to this house , which belongs to a friend from Germany .
To get to the beach is just walk across the promenade .
I go swimming in the sea every morning and evening .
In between I work on books and essays , take naps and eat well .
Apart from that I try to keep physically fit .
The period until the presidential elections next spring will be strenuous .
Do you use the gym equipment we see there in the corner ?
Kasparov : Everyone here uses it – my bodyguard , my cousin and his family .
I prefer fresh air and do push - ups on the beach .
You are the most prominent opponent of President Vladimir Putin .
Are you not afraid of an assassination if you move around so freely in public places ?
Kasparov : I feel safe when I am abroad .
Here in Croatia I have one bodyguard , because I am in one place for four weeks .
But that does n't ruin the holiday mood .
In Moscow , unfortunately , things are quite different .
I never leave my house without my five bodyguards , I do not travel with the national airline Aeroflot , and avoid restaurants .
You have to be always prepared for the worst in a system for which bloodshed is a legitimate means .
Is Putin the guiding force behind the murders of regime critics like the journalist Anna Politkowskaja ?
Kasparov : The Putin system works like the Mafia – and previously the Stalin regime .
The leader says : " Politkowskaja is a pain in the neck , I do n't want to hear anything more about her . "
And the apparatus solves the problem .
I do not know whether Putin gave an explicit order to commit murder .
But it is clear that he tolerates and accepts these acts .
Have you ever met Putin face to face and confronted him with these charges ?
Kasparov :
No , I have never met him .
And I am not eager to do so .
I have had to grapple with enough KGB people already , I do n't need one more of them .
In spite of the antipathy – chess players also analyse the strengths of their opponents .
Is there anything you admire about Putin ?
Kasparov :
For me the individual Putin is not so important .
Putin is the product of a system , not its creator .
His personal responsibility for the inhuman regime that threatens the future of Russia is overestimated .
Are you trying to test our memory ?
A few minutes ago you painted a different picture : the boss commands , his footmen execute the order .
Kasparov :
That is only superficially a contradiction .
Putin was picked out in the late 90s by the Yeltsin clan , groomed and raised all the way to the top .
At the time he was not a strong , charismatic figure , but a henchman .
I do not say that Putin has no power today .
But the social evils will not disappear when he goes .
The problem is deeper .
How does your radical criticism stand up to the fact that according to polls Putin is considered a strong leader by the people , and is very popular .
Kasparov :
It is naïve to believe the numbers .
Many people are simply afraid to speak the truth .
Are you surprised ?
In addition people have a distorted image of the reality around them .
The media is under the control of the Kremlin , negative things simply do n't happen .
That also makes Putin vulnerable : just two weeks of open , honest reporting , without censorship , would cause the whole system to shake .
Especially if the sellout of the country became known .
Through the privatisation of the economy a very small group collected billions and took them out of Russia .
The strict control of the Government is intended to make sure that nobody seriously investigates if all these transactions were legal .
Is Putin pursuing personal financial interests ?
Kasparov :
He is the richest man in Russia , and he too has deposited a vast fortune in the West .
Do you have proof of these charges ?
Kasparov : Just his stake in the companies Sibneftigaz and Gazprom should be worth 20 to 25 billion Euros .
And do you believe that Putin does not have shares in the portfolios of oligarchs like Abramovich or Deripaska ?
But naturally I cannot produce bank statements .
Putin is at the head of the system .
Just simple common sense tells us that this will be reflected in his wealth .
It is a fact that the economy is booming , and that not only the top executives profit from this .
At the same time his confident air has made the voice of Moscow one that the world again listens to .
Is n't that balm for the troubled Russian soul ?
Kasparov :
Do n't have false illusions .
The objections to the US missile shield , the arguments over pipelines or the special role in the conflict in Iran and in the Middle East – in all these cases it is not about national interests but about individual interests , in the form of high oil prices .
Putin is a businessman , the CEO of a " Russian Elite Corporation " .
The West has eagerly helped him to fill his own pockets .
What do you mean ?
Kasparov :
The heads of the G7 member countries have been wooing Putin for years , especially your ex-Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , who was his agent in Europe .
And so our president was able to present himself as a democrat amongst democrats – and at the same time conduct his schemes undisturbed .
The mood between the USA and Europe on the one side and Russia on the other has become sharper .
Recently , at the summit in Samara , [ German Chancellor ] Angela Merkel criticised Putin , in public and quite severely .
Kasparov :
That was courageous – and about time .
With Merkel Putin at last feels some headwind , which also makes him visibly nervous .
The other leaders of states should follow her example .
Angela Merkel is , if I may say so , the first real man in the Group of Eight .
Probably it is the result of the fact that for many years she lived under the control of the Soviet Union [ in East Germany ] .
But in spite of such criticism the European Union , which also speaks for Germany , is retaining the basic idea of a strategic partnership with Russia .
Is that the correct path ?
Kasparov :
That depends on what the cooperation entails , in concrete terms .
It is critical that the European Union sticks together and does not tolerate the way Putin and his followers are stepping on the freedom of the people .
In this matter one has to deal very firmly with Moscow and not engage in any form of horse - trading .
Here Germany , the most powerful EU country , has the decisive role to play .
I am counting on Merkel 's good sense of direction .
That sounds great – in theory .
But in view of its great dependence on oil and gas has the EU any options to apply pressure and force Russia to adopt their values ?
Kasparov :
Do n't make yourselves smaller than you are .
Russia needs to sell its raw materials as expensively as possible .
And there is no way past the European Union .
Apart from that the largest Russian financial assets lie in bank accounts held in Europe and America .
For this reason the fear of a cold war is also quite absurd .
Putin 's clan has absolutely no interest in this option .
It would simply harm their own interests .
The West clearly has the upper hand from a point of view of power strategy .
And it should use this .
What is the role of economic factors ?
Do you support the German Foreign Minister 's ideas of convergence through interdependence ?
Kasparov :
This leitmotiv has applied for many years now .
But reality shows us that no hopes have been fulfilled .
Under Putin the economic cooperation with the West has blossomed as never before .
And still , year by year the situation of democracy is deteriorating .
Should German companies stop investing in Russia , in order to protest ?
Kasparov : I would n't go so far .
If a company can do business in Russia – go ahead !
I simply do not believe that this will change anything in the way the system works .
Foreign investments are dangerous when business and politics are mixed and follow the principle : you open your market and we close our mouths .
In the meantime Russian companies are investing billions in West Europe , mainly in Germany .
That causes concern to large parts of the population .
With justification ?
Kasparov :
Of course !
It is mainly companies like Gazprom , who want to gain a foothold in the West .
They are under the control of the Kremlin and are not just after profits , but also striving for political influence .
If the Putin clan wants something it will use any means , legal or illegal .
Why do you think that of all places Sochi was selected to host the Winter Games in 2014 , even though the city is quite unsuitable for this event ?
Tell us .
Kasparov :
It was a clear case of corruption .
Putin himself met with fifteen members of the International Olympic Committee and had some very convincing monetary arguments in his briefcase .
After he had won the bid in this way the state will invest twelve billion dollars in Sochi .
You can count on it that most of the money will end up in the pockets of companies close to Putin .
Incidentally , it would not surprise me at all if Putin became the next IOC President .
You are trying to beat the current regime in 2008 with your many - party coalition " The Other Russia " .
But now of all times the organisation is showing signs of weakness .
Former Prime Minister Kasyanov has left the coalition .
Is that bitter for you ?
Kasparov :
You know , when we started in 2005 our position was very weak .
In the meantime we have become public enemy number one for the Kremlin , which is resorting to force .
People can no longer ignore us .
That makes me proud , not bitter .
Could the next Russian President be Garry Kasparov ?
Kasparov :
That is highly unlikely .
From today 's point of view I consider another candidate better suited : Viktor Gerashenko , former head of the Central Bank .
He is older than me , does not polarize people as much and would be a better compromise candidate for " The Other Russia " .
Finally , one thing we would like to know .
During your chess career you earned a lot of money , now you are writing books and holding well - paid lectures .
Have you invested your fortune in Russia ?
Kasparov : No , of course not .
What an idea !
I have placed my money safely in the West .
Here investment experts are making sure that it grows properly .
I am not an oligarch , but I will not have any monetary problems .
Copyright Capital .
The original text ( in German ) has appeared in the printed version of the magazine .
Article in Transition Online
The Thugocracy Lands Another Punch
Just ahead of election season , Russia 's politicians change the laws so they can put more dissidents in prison .
The mud has been thrown .
And much of it has stuck .
These days , when Kremlin officials talk about " extremists " they usually mean the political opposition , and The Other Russia coalition in particular .
When the coalition 's best - known figure , former chess champion Garry Kasparov , was detained at an opposition rally in Moscow on 14 April the police said they were investigating him for " publicly calling for extremist action . "
The charges were soon dropped , but the stigma persists .
The threat of " extremism " charges had been used two days before the April rally when police raided the St. Petersburg headquarters of Yabloko , the former liberal bloc in parliament .
These two cases – and others – fell apart for one reason : existing law was not strong enough to support a successful prosecution .
But now all that is changing .
As parliamentary and presidential elections approach , the State Duma has been busy amending the law .
In late July President Vladimir Putin signed a series of amendments that his majority party , United Russia , claims are targeted against nationalists and those planning violence .
But the political opposition warns that the new clauses will amount to a crackdown on freedom of expression .
Under the new legislation no fewer than 13 aspects of extremism will become offenses .
They include " public slander of state officials , " " hampering the lawful activity of state organizations , " " humiliating national pride , " and " hooliganism committed for political or ideological motives . "
These loosely written and hastily adopted measures will make it much easier for the state to stifle its critics .
And these clauses , with their vague wording , leave great scope for draconian interpretation .
That could allow them to be used just as easily against peaceful democratic opposition groups as against real extremists who are ready to use violent means to gain their objectives .
The new clauses suggest the authorities are increasingly fearful of a wave of civil protests of the kind that brought thousands of people onto the streets in the spring .
So those who take to the streets in the future , and those who distribute the leaflets calling on them to protest , can be harshly dealt with under the catch - all clauses passed against " extremism . "
Read the full Transition Online article Galina Stolyarova
Transition Online ( TOL ) was founded as a Czech nonprofit organization in April 1999 , the month after the final issue of its print predecessor , Transitions magazine , was published .
The new organization was founded by four of the former print magazine 's staff members who were dedicated to keeping the widely respected , cross - border coverage of the magazine alive .
Terese Svoboda is the author of Weapons Grade ,
© Greywolf Black Glasses Like Clark Kent ,
© Counterpoint Trailer Girl ,
© University of Nebraska Press and Tin God .
Trailer Girl will be reissued this fall by Bison Books .
Pirate Talk or Mermalade , her fifth novel , will be published in 2010 , and Bohemian Girl ( girls everywhere ! ) will be published in 2011 .
We published Svoboda ’s story “ Swanbit ” in Issue 32 .
Cigarettes , I love them , he says .
I could smoke two or three at a time .
He does , he lights up three of a kind fat with tobacco and sucks on them , a three - eyed mouth just level with your eyes .
Because you 're kneeling .
The three eyes talk :
So you do n't smoke .
You do n't believe in smoke , you 're some health nut with lungs like lilies .
Or you do and this is all you get : he sucks in and blows a vast cloud into your face .
You could cough but you swallow it .
He sweeps all three cigarettes out of his mouth into one hand .
The other holds coffee .
Six more cups — ca n't really see , you can't really count anyway , you can't get from one to two in such a situation — there 's a lot of cups looking very very hot , steam over them and full to the brim , you can just see the brims , these cups sit on the table behind him .
He 's flop - breasted , a she ?
She holds the cigarettes high , above her head , pinkie out , one burning white finger between each of hers , and it 's the burning you watch , and the smoke , curling , and she takes a sip from the cup she is holding and spits it out .
On you .
Sorry , she says .
It 's too hot .
Then she pours all the coffee from the cup into a puddle around your knees .
You can't and do n't move .
She picks up another cup and sips from it .
Too bitter , she says .
A second searing spit to your face .
And on it goes until she skips with the sipping and just pours the coffee right to the floor .
Because it 's getting cold , she says , but it 's not .
She likes the pool , she almost touches it with her boot but then does n't , she decides it might stain the toes is what she says .
Watch it , she says .
Then she takes a long serious drag on one of the cigarettes , like it 's the last she 'll ever take .
By then all three cigarettes look short .
She sweeps the three of them up again in a bunch in her hand and moves them
so close to your face you hear ash break off , and her breathing .
I know you know nothing , she says .
You say , Yes , you know nothing .
She moves the cigarettes between her fingers , then further down , to the joints , and makes a fist .
She has done this before , the cigarettes hold steady , her fist is poised .
I know nothing , you say again .
Nothing .
She waves the cigarettes in front of your eyes then drops them into the coffee pool at your feet .
The hiss could be a snake's .
I can wait , she says .
© 2006 Terese Svoboda
The footer is a too - often neglected piece of screen real estate that is actually the perfect spot for many of the things that are currently crowded into sidebars .
But there is only so much space there , particularly if you ’re only using a two column theme , and the more things that are crammed in , the more cluttered the blog appears .
A cluttered blog can give a poor impression to the reader .
Many themes have been released that include an extended footer , and it ’s a good practice to put items down there that you do n’t want to leave off the site completely , but could perhaps be put in a less prominent spot .
Since you ca n’t count on everyone seeing the footer , it ’s not a place to put items that make your site stickier , such as your “ flagship ” content or most popular posts .
( The exception to this might be sites that only display one post on the main page , as there is a higher likelihood that the footer will be seen . )
Instead consider the following items .
1. Navigation – repeat your nav menu so that readers do n’t have to scroll back to the top for the navigation .
2. Badge farm – often blog directories such as EatonWeb , for example , require that members include a link back to the directory through a text link or badge .
Join very many of these , and throw in your Alexa and Technorati widgets , and you get a nice little collection going that can look a bit “ cluttery ” .
3 . Flickr stream – if you like to have your Flickr stream on your blog , the footer is a perfect place for it .
4. “ Elsewhere ” – list other places on the internet where you can be found , such as your tumblelog , Facebook , LinkedIn , Twitter , or links to other blogs you write for .
5. Blogroll – while this list is often found in the sidebar , some bloggers prefer to limit the list somewhat and place it in the footer .
6 . Recommended reading – helpful books that your readers might be interested in , using your Amazon Associates affiliate links of course !
7. Affiliations – the footer is the perfect place for lists of online or professional associations you are affiliated with .
8. Donations – have a PayPal donation button or an Amazon wish list you want to encourage people to purchase from ?
Include the links in the footer .
9. MyBlogLog / BlogCatalog – these little widgets that give a quick picture of who has recently visited the blog are really more for the blog owner than for the visitors anyway , so why not move them down out of the sidebar ?
10 . Search box – the search form should be easy to find , somewhere near the very top of the site , but repeating it in the footer is a great idea .
11 . Repeat your “ call to action ” – what do you want people to do ?
Do you want them to subscribe ?
Download your e-book ?
Buy your product ?
Repeat the call to action in the footer .
12 . A great quote – leave your readers with an interesting , thought - provoking or humorous quote .
How do you use your footer ?
What other things are good candidates for placement at the bottom of a site ?
Author : Randa Clay Randa is a blogger and designer specializing in WordPress and logo design .
Besides contributing to The Blog Herald , she also manages WordPressThemes.com .
Read more about design , marketing , blogging , branding and all things creative at RandaClay.com .
Download Download ( h/t Bill )
Jon Stewart and Senior White House Correspondent John Oliver discuss Bush 's recent trip to Africa .
STEWART : How was the trip otherwise ?
OLIVER : Well , everywhere the President went , he was greeted by cheering crowds and strangely non-burning American flags .
There was genuine heartfelt affection for the President .
STEWART : Well , he ’s spent … this president has spent 15 billion to fight AIDS in Africa , 1.2 million to fight malaria , Bono says he ’s the best president for Africa , ever .
He ’s saved millions of lives .
OLIVER : Yeah , it ’s true … President Bush has actually done a lot of good for Africa .
Good .
He ’s done a lot of good .
Bush has done good .
He ’s done good .
President Bush has done good .
I did just say “ good ” then , right ?
STEWART : You did say “ good . ”
OLIVER : I kept saying “ bad ” in rehearsal , it ’s force of habit , I suppose .
STEWART : It ’s hard for you to accept that the President has done something admirable ?
OLIVER : Well , it ’s just [ stammers ]
What ’s his angle ?
He ’s not running for reelection .
There ’s no ulterior military objective .
He ’s got no chance of becoming King of Africa .
What the HELL is going on ?
STEWART : Maybe he ’s just trying to do something good in a difficult part of the world .
OLIVER : No !
No !
That makes it worse !
Over the past seven excruciating years I ’ve come to terms with the President being incompetent .
The fact that we now know that he ’s capable of doing good all along and has simply chosen not to , that really burns !
European data protection leaders are considering a plan that would make IP addresses " personal information . "
Google wants to make sure it does n't happen , and today it took the fight to the blogosphere .
In a new public policy posting , Google software engineer Alma Whitten made the case that IP addresses are n't so much personal information as potentially personal information .
Many IP addresses assigned to consumers do n't reliably map to a single machine ( due to the wonders of DHCP ) , and even when they do , it 's only the machine and not the person who is identified .
Google clearly hopes to avoid a " black - and - white declaration that all IP addresses are always personal data . "
The possibility was raised last month at a hearing of the European Parliament 's Civil Liberties Committee .
At the hearing , European data protection authorities put forward the idea of adding IP addresses to the list of personal information , but Google 's Global Privacy Counsel Peter Fleischer objected in words that might sound familiar .
" There is no black or white answer , " Fleischer said .
" Sometimes an IP address can be considered as personal data and sometimes not ; it depends on the context , and which personal information it reveals . "
Germany 's Federal Data Protection Commissioner , Peter Schaar , reiterated the idea two weeks ago when he told the Financial Times that he supports making IP addresses into personal information , and that he is also confident the idea will pass legislative scrutiny .
In opposing that view , Whitten 's blog post makes the case that IP addresses are only sometimes personally identifiable , then goes on to say that web sites should have the freedom to continue recording the numbers .
This is important to Google , of course , which uses IP addresses to help combat click fraud and do geographic targeting , among other things .
" IP addresses recorded by every web site on the planet without additional information should not be considered personal data , " said Whitten , " because these websites usually cannot identify the human beings behind these number strings . "
That 's generally true , though these IP addresses can be looked up and linked with specific machines by ISPs acting under court order .
While European regulations would n't necessarily affect Google 's operations in the rest of the world , the company certainly does n't want to see a precedent for this sort of IP address protection .
The blog post concludes , " The policy debate about data protection and IP addresses will continue , but it 's important to have a firm grasp of the technical realities of the debate in order to reach conclusions that makes sense . "
Translation : if legislators really understood what they were regulating , they 'd agree with us .
" This and no other is the root from which a tyrant springs ; when he first appears he is a protector . "
- Plato
" If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy . "
- U.S. President James Madison
" Terrorism is the best political weapon for nothing drives people harder than a fear of sudden death " .
- Adolph Hitler
" Why of course the people do n't want war ...
But after all it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy , and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy , or a fascist dictatorship , or a parliament , or a communist dictatorship ...
Voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders .
That is easy .
All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked , and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger .
It works the same in any country . "
- Hermann Goering , Nazi leader .
" The easiest way to gain control of a population is to carry out acts of terror .
[ The public ] will clamor for such laws if their personal security is threatened " .
- Josef Stalin
But could this happen in modern America ?
Initially , it is now fairly well - accepted that the Gulf of Tonkin Incident was a fabrication .
See this article .
More importantly , official , recently declassified documents show that in the 1960's , the American Joint Chiefs of Staff signed off on a plan to blow up AMERICAN airplanes ( using an elaborate plan involving the switching of airplanes ) , and also committing terrorist murders against U.S. citizens on American soil , and then blaming it on the Cubans in order to justify an invasion of Cuba .
If you view no other links in this article , please read the following ABC news report ; the official documents ; and watch this interview with former Washington Investigative Producer for ABC 's World News Tonight with Peter Jennings ( click link entitled " Joint Chiefs Guilty - Northwoods " ) .
But Al - Qaeda is different -- powerful , organized , and out to get us , right ?
Maybe , but take a look at this Los Angeles Times Article , reviewing a BBC documentary entitled " The Power of Nightmares " .
And did you know that the FBI had penetrated the cell which carried out the 1993 world trade center bombing , but had -- at the last minute -- cancelled the plan to have its FBI infiltrator substitute fake power for real explosives , against the infiltrator 's strong wishes ( summary version is free ; full version is pay - per- view ) ?
And did you know that the CIA is alleged to have met with Bin Laden two months before 9/11 ?
And did you see the statement by the CIA commander in charge of the capture that the U.S. LET Bin Laden escape from Afghanistan ?
And have you heard that the anthrax attacks -- which were sent along with notes purportedly written by Islamic terrorists -- used a weaponized anthrax strain from the top U.S. bioweapons facility , the Fort Detrick military base ?
Indeed , top bioweapons experts have stated that the anthrax attack may have been a CIA test " gone wrong " ; and see this article by a former NSA and naval intelligence officer .
It is also interesting that the only congress people mailed anthrax - containing letters were key democrats , and that the attacks occurred one week before passage of the freedom - curtailing Patriot Act , which seems to have scared them and the rest of congress into passing that act without even reading it .
And it might be coincidence , but White House staff began taking the anti-anthrax medicine before the Anthrax attacks occurred .
Even the threat of terror works , as shown by this brief essay showing that the administration issues terror alerts when its poll numbers go down .
If we do not learn our history , we are doomed to repeat it .
See this article on the Reichstag fire , and this article on the perennial ploy of those grabbing power .
Indeed , many credible people are now warning that the U.S. government may very well use terror ( again ) on the American people :
On November 15th , the former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal and former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury expressed his dire warning that the Neo -Cons in the Bush administration may be set to stage another terror attack in the US as part of a black operation to demolish growing dissent and coerce the public to rally behind the government once again .
Also in November , an allegedly leaked GOP memo touts a new terror attack as a way to reverse the party 's decline .
In October , a retired 27 - year CIA analyst who prepared and presented Presidential Daily Briefs and served as a high - level analyst for several presidents , stated that if there was another major attack in the U.S. , it would lead to martial law .
He went on to say :
" We have to be careful , if somebody does this kind of provocation , big violent explosions of some kind , we have to not take the word of the masters there in Washington that this was some terrorist event because it could well be a provocation allowing them , or seemingly to allow them to get what they want . "
The former CIA analyst would not put it past the government to " play fast and loose " with terror alerts and warnings and even events themselves in order to rally people behind the flag .
That same month , current U.S. Congressman Ron Paul stated that the government " is determined to have martial law " , and that the government is hoping to get the people " fearful enough that they will accept the man on the white horse "
Also in October , the Former UN Weapons Inspector who stated before the Iraq war started that there were no weapons of mass destruction is now saying that he would not rule out staged government terror by the U.S. government .
And Daniel Ellsberg , the famous Pentagon Papers whistleblower , is now hinting at the same thing .
And a member of the British Parliament recently stated that " there is a very real danger " that the American government will stage a false flag terror attack in order to justify war against Iran and to gain complete control domestically .
Would the U.S. government terrorize its own people ?
Yes , unless we expose their tricks .
FINAL UPDATE ( 1/4/08 ) :
Since this article came out , Ron Paul has qualified for the Rhode Island primary .
See the article “ Paul , McCain , Huckabee Qualify on Rhode Island Ballot ” here at Nolan Chart .
The Providence Journal reported yesterday ( 12/24/07 ) on its website that only Rudy Giuliani has filed the required 1,000 signatures for the Republican primary .
Democratic candidates Obama and Clinton have also submitted the necessary minimum signatures .
So far , Ron Paul only has 484 signatures submitted .
Romney and McCain have more , at 771 and 706 respectively .
The others have fewer .
The deadline was moved up to Dec. 26 – 88 days before the Mar. 4 primary .
Most delegates for the Republican convention ( Sep. 1 – 4 , in Minneapolis ) will be selected on Feb. 5 “ Super Tuesday ” .
However , in a race where there is no front - runner , every delegate will count .
Rhode Island accounts for 20 of the GOP 's 2,380 delegates .
The easiest way for a candidate to lose is to not to get on the ballot .
Earlier this week , Fred Thompson failed to get on the Delaware ballot by not getting 500 signatures from prospective Republican voters .
According to CBS
News , he got the minimum number of signatures , but not enough of the signers were registered Republicans .
That means Thompson automatically loses 18 delegates .
Delaware is one of the Super Tuesday states .
In a prior article , Duncan Hunter and Tom Tancredo did not file in Virginia .
Two days later ( 12/20/07 ) , Tancredo withdrew from the race .
This is shaping up to be a five way race , where every delegate is precious–including these 20 in the “ Hope ” State .
In Iowa , Giuliani is fourth at 14 % in a recent poll by American Research Group .
Ron Paul is nipping at Giuliani 's heels at 10 % in fifth place , which is a significant bump up from 4 % about a week before .
Huckabee has dropped to 23 % , Romney 21 % , McCain 17 % .
Thompson , Hunter and Keyes are becoming invisible at single digits .
UPDATE :
I received an email from Dan Garthwaite , coordinator for the Ron Paul Rhode Island Meetup Group ( http://ronpaul.meetup.com/802), which stated that over 2,000 signatures have been turned in so far , and the rest will be turned in today .
With twice the minimum number of signatures , Paul may get more signatures than any of the Republican candidates , similar to what happened in Virginia .
If anyone wants to verify the total , this is the link to the Rhode Island Secretary of State 's office : http://www.sec.state.ri.us/candidates/presidential/.
The deadline is today ( 12/26/07 ) at 4 p.m .
The national effort for ballot access signatures seems to focus now on Ohio .
In an article by creator at Nolan Chart , signatures must be mailed in by tomorrow ( 12/27/07 ) .
UPDATE 2 :
As of this morning ( 12/29/07 ) , there were over 2,507 Ron Paul signatures appearing at the website–more than any other Republican –with 476 of them certified so far .
Republicans Romney , McCain , Huckabee , Thompson , and Giuliani also turned in more than 1,000 .
The only candidate to turn in more signatures is Hillary Clinton at 2,579 .
So far , only Barack Ombama is Qualified on Ballot , with more than 1,000 certified signatures .
Great job !
Katrina Victims Have No Faith in FEMA 's Promises About 20,000 people still live in FEMA trailers that the CDC says are toxic .
Feb. 15 , 2008  --
The last three years have been hell for the Huckabees .
After their apartment was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina , the Mississippi family lived in two trailers provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency , both of which contained high levels of formaldehyde .
Since moving into their first trailer after the 2005 hurricane , Lindsay and Steve Huckabee and their five children have endured a variety of illnesses — asthma , headaches , sore throats and respiratory illnesses — that read like a toxicologist 's list of likely symptoms for exposure to the carcinogen .
Six - year - old Laila has had two surgeries for sinus problems , and father Steve has now developed mouth tumors .
" The ENT [ ears , nose and throat doctor ] said in his 23 years of practice he had never seen a tumor in that spot before , " Lindsay Huckabee , coughing with a screaming child in the background , told ABCNews .
" He said it was extremely rare and could have been from the fumes , because he breathes through his mouth , " she said .
Now the family , whose children range in age from 2 to 13 , has learned the government will move them , along with thousands of other people , into a hotel or other temporary housing .
" We 've been through this before , " said Huckabee .
" They offered us 30 days in a hotel , and it had two double beds in one room and no kitchenette , " Huckabee said .
That 's hardly enough room for a family of seven , and housing is n't the family 's only concern .
The Huckabees are now spending $ 300 a month on steroids for Laila 's sinuses in addition to multiple medical co-payments and money lost from missing days of work to take care of their sickly brood .
High Level of Fumes
After health complaints in 2006 , about 1,000 families in Louisiana asked FEMA to move them to new quarters , and lawyers for a group of victims asked a federal judge to order FEMA to test for fumes .
The Centers for Disease Control , working with FEMA , tested the air for formaldehyde fumes in 519 trailer - and mobile homes between Dec. 21 and Jan. 23 .
The testing revealed that some trailers contained fumes at levels nearly 40 times the customary exposure level .
The CDC and FEMA announced Thursday that Gulf Coast hurricane victims will be moved out of their government - issued , formaldehyde - laden trailers as quickly as possible .
Of the 143,000 people who were originally given trailers , about 105,000 have since been moved , FEMA said Thursday , leaving about 38,000 people still living in trailers .
" This is really about people , " CDC Director Julie L. Gerberding said at a press conference .
" They have great faith and courage in us , and I hope we can help them relocate . "
FEMA has promised an array of short - term benefits in addition to housing , including moving benefits , storage and even consultation with specialists to keep families near schools and work .
Pet care is also included .
Priority will be given to families with children , elderly people or anyone with asthma or other chronic conditions .
But FEMA announced no plans to pay for the long - term health problems facing those , like the Huckabees , who lived in the toxic trailers for up to two years .
' Victimized Again '
" We have victimized the Katrina victims again by putting them in unsafe shelters , and then again with future health problems , " said Leslie March , who helped test trailers for the Sierra Club in New Orleans .
The Sierra Club began air quality tests in 2006 after receiving health complaints .
The environmental organization found that about 83 percent of trailers tested had formaldehyde levels up to three times higher than the EPA workplace limit .
The Huckabees ' symptoms started just days after moving into their first trailer in Kiln , Miss .
Lindsay , 26 and pregnant , began having migraine headaches , and the four children had constant upper respiratory problems .
One daughter , who had been asthma - free for two years , had a recurrence , and Lindsay had pre-term labor contractions during her latest pregnancy and delivered five weeks early .
The baby , now 2 years old , has been in the hospital with asthmatic bronchitis .
Their doctor finally advised testing the first mobile home and found double the acceptable levels of formaldehyde .
FEMA replaced that home with another , which also tested positive for formaldehyde .
Environmental Group Steps In
Formaldehyde , a toxic chemical most often used for embalming , is used as a glue in building materials .
Under hot , humid conditions it can leak into the air .
For that reason , FEMA said it wants all trailer occupants out by the summer , when temperatures rise and hurricane season begins again .
" This is a real vindication for people that have been trying to raise the alarm about this for two years , " said Becky Gillette , a volunteer for the Mississippi Sierra Club , who led the effort to test trailers .
' Sick All The time '
But the Huckabees and others do n't want to move , and say government efforts are not enough .
Steve Huckabee earns $ 38,000 a year as a land surveyor , and Lindsay has just taken a job at a Waffle House restaurant to help with the bills .
" All the medicine they have to buy is what a mortgage payment would be , and she 's not getting any help , " said Gillette , who has heard the health woes of hundreds of families whose children are sick .
" They can't save money because they are sick all the time and the kids are out of school .
How can they rebuild ? "
Those who have been working with victims say there is already a shortage of affordable housing in the Gulf region .
Huckabee said rents in her town have jumped from about $ 900 a month to up to $ 1,500 a month .
" They claim they are going to get everyone out really quickly , " said Huckabee , who testified to Congress on the family 's health problems .
" But they did that did this before , and I do n't think there were enough hotel rooms .
I guess we are going to have to wait and see . "
The CDC said they would go " door to door " to hand deliver individual home tests to begin a registry of health problems and the long - term effects of the formaldehyde exposure .
A broader - based children 's health study is also in the works .
At the press conference , FEMA head R. David Paulsin vowed " to continue aggressive action to provide for the safety and well - being " of trailer residents .
Case workers will offer people advice on their medical , employment and educational needs , he said .
They will also assist with the relocation and care of pets and help provide furnishing .
" We do care about these people , but we did not have a lot of information , " said Paulsin . " [ The trailers ] were the only toolbox we had at the time . "
Sierra volunteers say FEMA has " side - stepped " the larger issue of who is going to pay for the long - term health effects of the formaldehyde exposure .
" They ought to be embarrassed , " said Sierra 's March , who tested 30 trailers herself .
" I never heard such a long list of promises from an agency that 's not shown us they are worthy of our faith .
I am praying they are not giving us false hope . "
Aaron Dykes / Jones Report | April 9 , 2008
Luke Rudkowski and other members of We Are Change , as well as actor Daniel Sunjata , who also went public on 9/11 truth , greeted Rosie O’Donnell at a book signing and thanked her for supporting the first responders .
Rosie upset the balance of power last year when she used her top rated show The View to raise serious questions about 9/11 truth and expose the health epidemic that ground zero first responders face due to lies about the air quality .
Her going public led to savage attacks in the MSM media– Rosie was ridiculed , smeared , animated as a fire - breathing demon , threatened by Bill O’Reilly , harassed by O’Reilly ’s staff , suggested for execution by Danny Bonaduce and attacked with calls for her to be fired and / or censored by Fox News and Tom DeLay .
Rosie appreciated that someone else was also fighting for first responders .
She told an aide that she would be addressing their concerns .
" All of them are dying , and nobody ’s doing anything about it , " she said .
After posing for cameras , Rosie took Luke Rudkowski aside to make a strong statement in support of responders :
" Hey , this is Rosie O’Donnell and I am totally in support of the first responders .
I think its a travesty , a huge injustice that the government has not taken care of the men and women who went and volunteered their lives at the cost of their lives and they ’re not being given the medical care . "
" There is a 9/11 illness – it ’s a respiratory illness .
It ’s killed many , many people .
They are families without parents .
Not of whom were taken down by the terrorists or the plane , but who were sort of let down by our government . "
" So , first responders , this should be an act of Congress immediately and they should all be getting the best treatment that is available in this nation while we still have the semblance of democracy . "
" So , that ’s what I say .
And Kevin [ O’ Conner ] , you hang on buddy .
There are people around who care about people like you and your children who will take care of them as much as they can .
But it ’s the government ’s job to take care of people like you . "
Rosie expressed hope for the power of alternative media and that of individuals taking action , obviously aware of the effects that groups like We Are Change have already had .
She told Rudkowski , " Keep doing what you ’re doing .
Kids like you will change the world when they believe what they believe and are n’t afraid to say it .
And with that little video camera , that ’s the new way that America ’s going to be equalized .
So keep doing it . "
Rudkowski was acting , in part , on behalf of his friend and first responder , Kevin O’Conner , who is having a number of difficulties , including financial , in dealing with his ground zero - related illness .
Luke gave her a DVD with video about O’Conner ’s case .
We Are Change is also auctioning off two autographed Rosie O’Donnell books on behalf of the Feal Good Foundation .
Click here to see the auction .
All money raised is donated to first responders .
O’Donnell ’s actions paved the way for a number of positive actions for both 9/11 truth and the first responders health– hearings in the Japanese Diet , discussions in the EU and potentially , hearings on insider trading in the U.S. Congress or a new investigation in the United Nations .
Further , Congressman Kucinich has pushed first responder health issues into House committees , though efforts have been stalled by some of the House ’s more despicable members .
Rosie ’s courage also led the way for other big celebrities to go public for 9/11 truth .
Willie Nelson recently spoke up about WTC controlled demolition and repeated his concerns on Democracy Now ! , who normally refuse to cover such topics .
Now , Jesse Ventura has broken through to another level of media exposure after going public on the Alex Jones Show about a number of serious questions about 9/11 .
Thanks again , Rosie !
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Mozilla has announced the official release of the third Firefox 3 beta , which includes many user interface improvements and a handful of new features .
Firefox 3 is rapidly approaching completion , and much of the work that remains to be done is primarily in the category of fit and finish .
There will likely only be one more beta release after this one before Mozilla begins issuing final release candidates .
The bookmark dialog , which was integrated into the URL bar in beta 1 , has been further tweaked to improve usability .
The Delete button at the bottom of the dialog has been replaced with a Cancel button .
A Remove Bookmark button now appears at the top of the dialog underneath a label which states the that page has been bookmarked .
In nightly builds that have been released since the beta 3 code freeze , the bookmark process has been refined further .
When the user bookmarks the page by clicking the star icon in the URL bar , the browser will inform the user that the page has been bookmarked , but will not provide access to any of the other bookmark information unless the user clicks the Edit button .
That interstitial message is a bit annoying , but it fortunately wo n't bother most power users since it does n't show up when you use the keyboard shortcut to bookmark a page rather than the star .
This beta release provides a first look at the Windows theming changes that will appear in Firefox 3 .
New icons and other artwork that are present in the Windows build reflect the ongoing visual refresh effort .
The new " keyhole " back button art is one of the most visible changes in the default theme .
In previous versions of Firefox , the back and forward buttons in the navigation toolbar had their own distinct drop - down menus which allowed users to move forward or back by more than one step .
In beta 3 , the menus have been combined into a single drop - down menu that displays the current position in history and allows the user to move either forward or backward .
In the default themes for Windows and Mac OS X , this feature is accompanied by custom artwork .
The back button is a large circle and the forward button is smaller .
The two buttons are combined into a single shape that vaguely resembles a keyhole .
New icons have appeared in both the default Windows and Linux themes and are particularly noticeable in the preference dialogs and in the application menus .
In beta 2 , the Linux theme gained the ability to automatically adopt icons from the user 's default GNOME icon theme .
This feature has been extended broadly to more of the user interface in beta 3 .
Many additional icons have been designed in the Tango style for cases where no default GNOME icons are available .
The Firefox 3
Linux theme also completely adopts the look and feel of the user 's GTK theme .
On a Linux desktop computer , Firefox 3 beta 3 integration is so good that the browser is virtually indistinguishable from a conventional GNOME application .
The Firefox 3 theme for Windows XP
The Firefox 3 theme for Windows Vista
The Firefox 3 theme for Linux
The Firefox 3 options dialog on Windows
The Firefox 3 options dialog on Linux
Mac OS
X integration got a big boost as well with 3.0 , with full support for native widgets in forms and inclusion of the new Mac OS X theme .
These improvements could potentially cause some Camino users to switch to Firefox .
The Firefox 3 theme for Mac OS X
Native widget support in forms
A few significant improvements to tabbed browsing have landed in beta 3 , including support for moving tabs between windows .
Beta 3 also adds download progress notifications to the browser status bar so that users can see how many downloads they have in progress even when the download manager window is closed .
The URL bar autocompletion mechanism is now better too , and uses an improved algorithm that factors in both the frequency with which pages are visited and how recently pages were last visited .
One of the most promising and impressive new features in beta 3 is an integrated add - on installer system that allows users to search for and install add - ons from addons.mozilla.org directly through the add - on manager user interface .
The new add - on finder in Firefox 3
I 'm extremely impressed with Firefox 3 beta 3 .
I 've been using the nightly builds for quite some time now , and I 'm convinced that Firefox 3 is very close to being ready for widespread adoption .
There are still a number of minor issues , but I suspect that they will be resolved very soon .
Firefox 3 delivers massive improvements over Firefox 2 in almost every conceivable way , particularly in the areas of performance and memory overhead .
Users who want to give beta 3 a try can download it from Mozilla 's web site .
Common Sense by Thomas Paine
Published in 1776 , Common Sense challenged the authority of the British government and the royal monarchy .
The plain language that Paine used spoke to the common people of America and was the first work to openly ask for independence from Great Britain .
RESUME
GEORGE W. BUSH
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue ,
Washington , DC 20520
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE :
Law Enforcement :
· I was arrested in Kennebunkport , Maine , in 1976 for driving under the influence of alcohol .
I pleaded guilty , paid a fine , and had my driver ’s license suspended for 30 days .
My Texas driving record has been ‘ lost ’ and is not available .
Military :
· I joined the Texas Air National Guard and went AWOL .
I refused to take a drug test or answer any questions about my drug use .
By joining the Texas Air National Guard , I was able to avoid combat duty in Vietnam .
College :
· I graduated from Yale University with a low C average .
I was a cheerleader .
Past Work Experience :
· With the help of my father and our friends in the oil industry ( including Enron CEO Ken Lay ) , I was elected governor of Texas .
· I bought the Texas Rangers baseball team in a sweetheart deal that took land using taxpayer money .
· I began my career in the oil business in Midland , Texas in 1975 .
I bought an oil company , but could n’t find any oil in Texas .
The company went bankrupt shortly after I sold all my stock .
· I ran for U.S. Congress and lost .
Accomplishments As Governor Of Texas :
· With the help of my brother , the governor of Florida , and my father ’s appointments to the Supreme Court , I became President of the United States , after losing by over 500,000 votes .
· I set the record for the most executions by any governor in American history .
· I cut taxes and bankrupted the Texas treasury to the tune of billions in borrowed money .
· I changed Texas pollution laws to favor power and oil companies , making Texas the most polluted state in the Union .
During my tenure , Houston replaced Los Angeles as the most smog - ridden city in America .
Accomplishments As President ( with 4 3 5 Notable Firsts ) :
· I am the first President in U.S. history to enter office with a criminal record .
· I invaded and occupied two countries at a continuing cost of over one billion dollars per week .
· I spent the U.S. surplus and effectively bankrupted the U.S. Treasury .
· I shattered the record for the largest annual deficit in U.S. history .
· I set an economic record for most private bankruptcies filed in any 12 - month period .
· I set the all - time record for most foreclosures in a 12 - month period .
· I set the all - time record for the biggest drop in the history of the U.S. stock market .
In my first year in office , over 2 million Americans lost their jobs and that trend continues .
· I ’m proud that the members of my cabinet are the richest of any administration in U.S. history .
My ‘ poorest millionaire , ‘ Condoleezza Rice , has a Chevron oil tanker named after her .
· I set the record for most campaign fund - raising trips by a U.S. President .
· I am the all - time U.S. and world record - holder for receiving the most corporate campaign donations .
· My largest lifetime campaign contributor , and one of my best friends , Kenneth Lay , presided over the largest corporate bankruptcy fraud in U.S. history ,
· My political party used Enron private jets and corporate attorneys to assure my success with the U.S. Supreme Court during my election decision .
· I have protected my friends at Enron and Halliburton against investigation or prosecution .
More time and money was spent investigating the Monica Lewinsky affair than has been spent investigating one of the biggest corporate rip - offs in history .
I presided over the biggest energy crisis in U.S. history and refused to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed .
· I presided over the highest gasoline prices in U.S. history .
· I changed the U.S. policy to allow convicted criminals to be awarded government contracts
· I appointed more convicted criminals to my administration than any President in U.S. history .
· I created the Ministry of Homeland Security , the largest bureaucracy in the history of the United States Government .
· I ’ve broken more international treaties than any President in U.S history .
· I am the first President in U.S. history to have the United Nations to remove the U.S. from the Human Rights Commission .
· I withdrew the U.S. from the World Court of Law .
· I refused to allow inspector ’s access to U.S. ‘ prisoners of war ’ detainees and thereby have refused to abide by the Geneva Convention .
· I am the first President in history to refuse United Nations election inspectors ( during the 2002 US election ) .
· I set the record for fewest numbers of press conferences of any President since the advent of television .
· I set the all - time record for most days on vacation in any one - year period .
After taking off the entire month of August , I presided over the worst security failure in U.S. history .
· I garnered the most sympathy ever for the U.S. after the World Trade Center attacks and less than a year later made the U.S. the most hated country in the world , the largest failure of diplomacy in world history .
· I have set the all - time record for most people worldwide to simultaneously protest me in public venues ( 15 million people ) , shattering the record for protests against any person in the history of mankind .
· I am the first President in U.S. history to order an unprovoked , pre-emptive attack and the military occupation of a sovereign nation .
I did so against the will of the United Nations , the majority of U.S. Citizens and the world community .
· I have cut health care benefits for war veterans and support a cut in duty benefits for active duty troops and their families in wartime .
· In my State of the Union Address , I lied about our reasons for attacking Iraq and then blamed the lies on our British friends .
· I am the first President in history to have a majority of Europeans ( 71 % ) view my presidency as the biggest threat to world peace and security .
· I am supporting development of a nuclear ‘ Tactical Bunker Buster , ’ a WMD .
· I have so far failed to fulfil my pledge to bring Osama Bin Laden to justice .
The Regex Coach - interactive regular expressions
Abstract The Regex Coach is a graphical application for Windows which can be used to experiment with ( Perl - compatible ) regular expressions interactively .
It has the following features :
It shows whether a regular expression matches a particular target string .
It can also show which parts of the target string correspond to captured register groups or to arbitrary parts of the regular expression .
It can " walk " through the target string one match at a time .
It can simulate Perl 's split and s/// ( substitution ) operators .
and ( substitution ) operators .
It tries to describe the regular expression in plain English .
It can show a graphical representation of the regular expression 's parse tree .
It can single - step through the matching process as performed by the regex engine .
Everything happens in " real time " , i.e. as soon as you make a change somewhere in the application all other parts are instantly updated .
The program has n't changed since 2008 and this page is also essentially still the same .
But I can confirm that in September 2019 the program still works fine for me on Windows 10 .
The Regex Coach together with this documentation can be downloaded from http://weitz.de/files/regex-coach.exe.
The current version is 0.9.2 - see the changelog for what 's new .
The file ( an installer ) is about 2 MB in size .
You should use Windows 2000 or Windows XP with all updates and service packs installed .
The program might work with older or unpatched Windows versions , but do n't expect support for these configurations .
See also below .
You also must have the Microsoft runtime library msvcr80.dll installed .
If you do n't have it or if you are n't sure , you can get it from http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=32BC1BEE-A3F9-4C13-9C99-220B62A191EE&displaylang=en.
If you have a previous version ( 0.8.5 or earlier ) of The Regex Coach installed , uninstall it first before you install the new version !
If you have n't done this , and the new application wo n't start , remove the file The Regex Coach.exe. manifest from the application directory .
If you have an older version of Windows and the current version of The Regex Coach does n't work for you , you can try the last release which was built with LispWorks 4.4.6 - it is at http://weitz.de/files/regex-coach-0.8.5.exe.
If that works for you - fine .
Do n't expect support or updates , though .
There is no Mac version and I have no plans to release one .
Sending me email and begging for it wo n't change that .
And , no , I do n't want to open source the application or send the source code to you privately - no need to ask ...
Jeremy Rayner has written a " homage " to The Regex Coach in Java - see here for more details .
The Regex Coach is free for private or non-commercial use .
The Regex Coach is also free for commercial use but you are not allowed to re-distribute it and / or charge money for it without written permission by the author - email me at edi@weitz.de for details .
The program is provided ' as is ' with no warranty - use at your own risk .
m //
s///
split
Of course , this application should also be useful to programmers using Perl - compatible regex toolkits like PCRE ( which is used by projects like Python , Apache , and PHP ) or CL - PPCRE .
Also , Java 's regular expressions and those of XML Schema are very similar to Perl's .
The following descriptions will use the notions introduced by this annotated screenshot .
The screenshot itself is an imagemap - click on any part of it to go directly to the relevant section of the docs .
GNU Emacs
bash
TAB
The upper pane is the regex pane .
Here you 'll type the regular expression you want to investigate .
The second pane is the target pane .
Here you 'll type the text ( the target string ) the regular expression will try to match .
If there 's a match , the part of the target string that matched will be emphasized by a yellow background .
( If you also check the ' g ' modifier checkbox all matches will be emphasized - the " current " one in yellow , the others in green . )
The target message area will show the extent of the match ( or notify you that there is n't a match at all ) .
This is particularly useful if there 's a zero - length match because you wo n't see any highlighted characters in the target pane in this case .
The message " Match from n to m " means that the characters starting from position n up to m ( exclusively ) belong to the match .
The first character of the string is character 0 ( zero ) as usual .
b
b
If you 've made an invalid selection the selection highlight button is disabled .
You 'll also see a message about your selection being invalid in the info pane .
If you have no idea what a " valid subexpression " of the regular expression could be consider the following rule of thumb :
Every part of the regular expression which can be wrapped in a non-capturing group - i.e. with ( ?:...) - without altering the meaning of the expression is valid .
( A more precise description of this would be : Consider the parse tree of the regular expression and assume that every leaf of the tree which is a string is further divided into the single characters which together constitute the string .
Now , every contiguous part of the regular expression which can be completely and exactly covered by nodes of the parse tree is a valid subexpression . )
Press the " nothing " button to disable highlighting .
g
split
The headline above the scan buttons which usually says " Scan from 0 " will change accordingly showing a message like " Scan #n from m " which means that the regex engine is trying to find the nth match starting at character m of the target string .
The target message area will be changed as well - it'll say " Match #n from k to l " instead of " Match from k to l " ( or it 'll say " No further match " instead of " No match " if you 've pressed the scan forward button too often ) .
s///
Note that you 'll have to use " \& " , " \` " , " \ ' " and "
" instead of Perl's " $ & " , " $ ` " , " $ ' " and " $n " - see the CL - PPCRE documentation for the gory details .
split
You can use the radio buttons below the pane to select another divider if the vertical line happens to be a part of your target string .
But note that choosing the " block " option might significantly slow down the program if your target strings are long .
You can type a non-negative integer into the " Limit " field .
This corresponds to the optional third argument to Perl 's split operator .
Note that many of the optimizations done by the CL - PPCRE engine are turned off here for pedagogical reasons .
( For example , when trying to match the regex a*abc against the target string aaaabd the " real " engine would n't even start because it'll first use a Boyer - Moore - Horspool search to check if the constant string abc is somewhere in the target . )
Some of them remain , however :
The engine will only try to match from position 0 if the regex starts with .* and is in single - line mode .
Also , as you 'll see , the stepper tries to match constant strings as a whole ( instead of single characters which would be quite boring ) .
i
g
Ctrl-s
Ctrl-x Ctrl-s
Note : Due to the way Motif works , the file menu can't be used like this on Linux .
Instead you can use the Emacs key sequences Ctrl-x Ctrl-w and Ctrl-x i .
No automatic scrolling occurs while the target pane has the input focus .
aa ...abb...b
(?:aa...a)(?:bb...b)
Also , there seem to be problems with Eastern European versions of Windows , specifically with " character set 1250 " or similar .
Sorry , I currently do n't have the time and resources to investigate this any further .
If you encounter any other bugs or problems please send them to the mailing list .
It might be worthwhile to note that due to the dynamic nature of Lisp The Regex Coach could be written without changing a single line of code in the CL - PPCRE engine itself although the application has to track information and query the engine while the regular expressions is parsed and the scanners are built .
All this could be done ' after the fact ' by using facilities like defadvice and : around methods .
Imagine writing this application in Perl without touching Perl 's regex engine ... :)
Also , thanks to LispWork 's cross- platform CAPI toolkit the code for the Windows and Linux versions is nearly identical without any platform - specific parts ( except for some lines regarding different fonts and keybindings ) .
Brigitte Bovy from LispWorks ( " Xanalys " at that time ) support helped with the tricky interaction between the editor panes .
I also got a couple of helpful tips from the Lispworks mailing list , specifically from Jeff Caldwell , John DeSoi , David Fox , and Nick Levine .
Thanks to the guys at " Café Olé " in Hamburg where I wrote most of the code .
Development of the The Regex Coach has been supported by Euphemismen.de .
The observation that the Diebold optical vote scanners may have a bias against Obama ( and / or in favor of Clinton ) is disturbing .
But , before claiming fraud , we need to take a more careful look at the data .
Perhaps the townships which use the scanners are generally larger – and the larger townships tend to like Clinton better ?
Or maybe the towns with Diebold machines are more conservative / liberal and vote differently for Clinton ?
Or perhaps there are other socio-economic factors which may correlate with the use of the Diebold machines ?
Many of these reasons have been proposed , but none seem to negate the vote counting effect .
One fairly obvious variable that has not been checked is location .
The experts seem to think that the results make sense based on what they know about the geography and locations of the towns within New Hampshire .
But , while I agree that the experts and pundits know that different parts of the state vote for different candidates , no one seems to care about the distribution of the actual vote counting methods within the state ( which is the main issue ) .
Figure legend :
On the left is a map showing where hand counting and machine counting is used , and on the right shows where the small , medium and big townships are located – and the locations of hand and machine counting for medium sized towns ( 500 - 800 democrat votes ) .
( I have updated this map on Jan 17th with better data ) .
My first observation from looking at the left map is : “ That explains it !
All the towns which use Diebold machine are in the southeast of the state !
If it was a patchwork of man vs. machine , then fraud would be more likely , but now I think that this is all just a location effect . ”
But , then I made the map on the right and noted that the larger towns are also in the SE of the state – which agrees the previously observed strong correlation found between the size of the township and the vote counting method .
This means that when we look at just the medium sized towns – for which the Diebold pro-Clinton bias still exists , the map is now a patchwork !
Thus , these mid-sized towns seem to not be grouped by their vote counting method and the Diebold bias still exists in that set of towns .
So , maybe there really is some fraud there ?
As you have probably heard , the NH Sec. of State will be doing a manual recount if Kucinich and Albert Howard can pay for the estimated cost .
I do n’t know if this is allowed by the NH - SOS , but perhaps it would be more affordable if only the mid-sized towns were counted – since that is really the only place where this potential bias is reliably detectable .
The small towns and big towns are already biased in terms of their favorite candidate and biased in terms of the vote counting technique , but the medium towns seem to be missing those confounding variables .
[ Finally , if you want to repeat this analysis , please feel free to use the data and code that I have used ]
NOTE : on Jan 17 , I updated the image with accurate counting method data , and better name assignments between Census and NH SOS towns .
TYPOGRAPHY CAN subtly or boldly define a company , product , or person .
Whether it is Best Buy 's big , bold , screaming signs or the sweet , elegant script on a wine label , the type talks to us , the reader .
The logos of the presidential candidates are no exception .
Clinton
The Hillary type palette is far from fresh and colorful ; it is begging for legitimacy instead of demanding respect .
It projects recycled establishment .
The type has a tired feeling , as if the ink has been soaking into the page too long .
The Hillary logo has the look of an ' 80s newspaper layout or an investment company .
The tall lower - case reminds me of someone with their pants pulled up too high .
I wonder about the significance of the three stars and three stripes .
A third term ?
Edwards
Edwards is the only candidate to use a sans serif typeface for his main typeface .
Sans serif typefaces do not have the added elements at the ends of the vertical and horizontal strokes .
Unlike many of the traditional sans serifs used in campaigns , Edwards 's typeface is open and friendly .
It 's utilitarian .
In past campaigns , Edwards used a serif typeface .
Perhaps he is subtly distancing himself from his unsuccessful 2004 bid .
The Edwards type is very Wal - Mart , tabloid , middle class .
Not a whiff of high - powered lawyer .
Obama
Obama 's type is contemporary , fresh , very polished and professional .
The serifs are sharp and pointed ; clean pen strokes evoke a well - pressed Armani suit .
The ever - present rising sun logo has the feeling of a hot new Internet company .
His sans serifs conjure up the clean look of Nike or Sony .
This typography is young and cool .
Clearly not the old standards of years past .
Huckabee
Huckabee has the most inexplicable selection of typography and graphics , from the six floating stars to the white stripe seemingly stolen from the Coca - Cola logo .
The overall effect is clutter .
The main typeface , used to set the candidate 's name , is very tightly spaced , or tightly tracked , as typographers like to say .
Some letters , like kab , are actually touching each other .
Then " Mike " is tucked in between the H and k as if " we almost forgot to tell you his first name . "
Setting FAITH .
FAMILY .
FREEDOM .
in such a thin weak sans serif feels as if it was added as a committee compromise or an afterthought .
The type is too light , too small , and does not have a real voice .
Romney
Uppercase can attract attention and project boldness , which is probably why the Romney campaign set his name in all caps .
It works pretty well for ' Romney ' .
The letters fit comfortably and form a pretty solid unit .
Unfortunately , MITT does not lend itself well to this treatment .
The two T's create a big space between them compared with the space between the MI or , to a lesser extent , the IT .
The result is an irregular rhythm and feeling of inconsistency .
The graphics are puzzling .
The eagle logo has the head of the US Postal Service logo and body of the Norwegian flag flowing behind it .
Not sure what that means .
Giuliani
Like Clinton , Giuliani has abandoned his last name nearly completely .
Rudy is four easy - on - the - eyes letters set in a strong serif with an eye - catching red border .
It is set in a strong , bold serif typeface ; the serifs themselves are clear and decisive .
Using his short four - letter name allows him to set it particularly large .
His message is all about Rudy , name recognition .
The enlarged R introduces the other letters like a big , protective parent .
McCain
McCain uses type that is a perfect compromise between a sans and a serif , what type geeks call a " flared sans . "
Not quite sans and not quite serif , sort of in between , moderate , not too far in either direction .
The strokes have contrast between the thick and thin , creating the feeling that the ends are going to have cute little serifs , but they just flare out a little , not forming actual serifs but wanting to .
The military star centered and shadowed is a not - so - subtle touch .
And McCain just says " President , " as if to say he 's already been elected .
Everything about this logo says you can buy a car from this man .
From the perfectly centered star to the perfectly spaced type , the entire design looks like a high - end real estate company .
McCain has done something no other candidate has done , he uses all blue , no red - not even a dash .
If we were to predict the results based on typography and design , we would pick McCain and Obama .
Sam Berlow and Cyrus Highsmith work at The Font Bureau Inc. of Boston .
Berlow is general manager ; Highsmith is a senior designer .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Mr. Sadr was able to pull his militias back in large part because his community of poor Shiites was no longer under attack by Sunni militants .
But if the broader Sunni population is not integrated into the new Shiite - dominated power structure , it is likely that the old divisions will rapidly resurface as the United States reduces its troop levels .
If that happens , extremist Sunnis will renew their assaults on Shiites and Mr. Sadr ’s Mahdi Army militia will respond in kind .
The government has a limited amount of time to integrate these formerly renegade Sunnis , said Tariq al - Hashimi , a Sunni and one of Iraq ’s two vice presidents .
The men want jobs , respect , and above all a guarantee that they will not be prosecuted for their past activities with the insurgency , he said , a concession that the Shiite majority government has given little indication it will make .
Image A marine had admirers in Falluja on Tuesday , thanks to Sunni allies .
But the government has done little to keep them in the fold .
Credit ... Michael Kamber for The New York Times
But Mr. Hashimi asserts that the Sunni groups ’ fight against Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia , the mostly homegrown insurgent group that the United States believes is foreign led , has brought a new level of stability that the government could never have achieved without them , and it is making a dangerous miscalculation to withhold credit .
“ There was four years of fighting Al Qaeda with traditional troops , Iraqi and American , and they failed to control these hot areas , ” Mr. Hashimi said .
“ Now these areas are under control .
But this unique experience , somebody is trying to abort .
“ I am really afraid what will happen if these local troops are frustrated and are not paid by the government and brought into the security forces , ” he said .
“ I am really afraid .
They might change their attitude .
You should expect anything . ”
But with the memory of the Sunni insurgents ’ ferocious assaults on the Shiites still fresh , the Shiite - led government has resisted bringing the Sunni volunteer groups into the security forces , where they would have access to more powerful weapons and to vulnerable Shiite communities .
Swedish security expert Dan Egerstad was arrested and questioned by agents of the Swedish National Police during a raid on his apartment earlier this week .
Egerstad is responsible for publicly disclosing e-mail account and server login information for embassies , companies , and government agencies .
He later published his methodology and revealed that he had collected the information by setting up a specialized packet sniffer on five
Tor exit nodes operated by his organization , Deranged Security .
Tor is an anonymous proxy service that relays traffic through a series of nodes in order to obscure the IP addresses of users .
Although Tor traffic is encrypted on most of the nodes , it is n't encrypted on the exit nodes , which relay the data to its final destination .
Despite warnings on Tor 's web site , many Tor users who do not use SSL or other forms of encryption do not realize that they are exposing sensitive information to unknown third parties .
Egerstad 's filtering experiment revealed the massive volume of sensitive data that is transmitted over the Internet without proper encryption and demonstrated the ease with which a malicious entity can intercept unencrypted Tor traffic .
Tor did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the story .
Although Egerstad originally believed that the organizations whose sensitive information he acquired were simply adopting
Tor without setting up proper encryption for mail services , he has recently voiced a more intriguing opinion .
Egerstad believes that those organizations were , in fact , not using Tor at all and that the Tor traffic he saw moving through his exit nodes came from hackers who had infiltrated those organizations and were using Tor to cover their tracks .
Swedish law enforcement authorities , who allegedly informed Egerstad that he is suspected of breaking into foreign computers , confiscated hardware and documents at his apartment and then questioned him at length .
After what Egerstad describes as a two - hour interrogation , he was permitted to leave .
Egerstad told the Sydney Morning Herald that the raid is harming his business and that the confiscated equipment and records still have not been returned even though he has yet to be charged with any crime .
The Deranged Security web site , where Egerstad publishes information about some of his security research experiments , is currently down .
Egerstad claims that his activities are entirely lawful and that he did not break any laws by using Tor to collect and disclose e-mail account information .
To ConceptArt Forum user chewie , the cracks in the pavement and discolorations in the concrete are but background to this fantastic series of urban artwork Skelewags [ under construction , but it 's promising ]
Now , if all graffiti can be this creative !
http://www.conceptart.org/forums/showthread.php?t=102584 - via Baekdal
Previously on Neatorama : Storm Drain Street Art
First President Bush and his rubber stamp Congress tried to fuck with Veteran 's benefits , unwilling to fund the amount of money to the soldiers ' that had served in harm 's way adequate " after being in harm 's way " life and treatment .
It was n't until the GAO embarrassed the " it 'll raise taxes " Bush apologists and their painfully quiet noise machine , documenting that Republican leaders thought money in the top percenters ' pocket was more desirable than in a fund that might shorten the lines our wounded heroes must wait in to get critical care .
Next , Republicans vote against giving the troops in harm 's way respectable time with their families , away from harm 's way , and the media promotes it as a defeat for the Democrats , when it was actually a defeat against our troops in harm 's way .
Now , the president has vowed to veto an expansion of the State Children 's Health Insurance Program accusing Democrats of putting health coverage for poor children at risk .
Problem is , the president 's " stay the course " funding , which Republicans will say adds $ 1 billion a year to the plan , will not even meet the present level of coverage in the plan .
THIS GUY IS REFUSING TO FULLY FUND HIS OWN PLAN !
It 's almost like refusing to fully complete one 's own " not in harm 's way " military service to his country .
But what does the media deem most important ?
A fucking newspaper ad !
A newspaper ad that takes the President and his General Repeater In Charge to task and turns it into a condemnation of the entire military .
And they needed a fucking vote to say so .
A vote , mind you , that Republicans did n't feel necessary to bring up when John Kerry was swiftboated ad infinitum .
And the fucking " liberal " media follows in lockstep , making the ad more important than any real concern for the real troops .
And now , concern for the kids .
For crissakes , folks .
Howzabout dealing with what this president and his partisans are actually doing to this country instead of what their talking points tell you to write ?
The troops ?
The kids ?
A newspaper ad ?
Obviously the President , the Congress and the liberal media have made their choice of what is most important to them .
_______
Could Be The Guy Who Wrote This Column
BLOG : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steve-young/
VIDEO : www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOQzt0ZPTAs
NEWSPAPER : http://www2.dailynews.com/steveyoung
POLITICAL COLUMN : www.monitor.net/steve
BOOK ( S ) : www.GreatFailure.com /
About author Award - winning TV writer and Award - winning TV writer and political satirist , Steve Young , is author of " Great Failures of the Extremely Successful " and blogs at SteveYoungOnPolitics.com
Some participating suburbs were already pursuing aggressive emissions - control measures , even before signing the agreement .
Northbrook , Ill. , near Chicago , now buys credits for 4,500 megawatt - hours of electricity from wind farms , enough to offset all the power consumed by its water utility , saving an estimated 4.9 million pounds of carbon dioxide emissions a year , said John Novinson , the Northbrook village manager .
Like many other suburbs , it has also changed its traffic signals to energy - efficient L.E.D. models , and has enforced no -idling rules for motorists  including police officers .
SO far , Mr. Novinson said , residents have found the efforts to be relatively painless .
“ The wind energy is costing people five cents per thousand gallons of water , ” Mr. Novinson said .
“ It ’s a nominal increase in water bills , for which we received nothing but positive comments . ”
More symbolically , Nassau County officials started the Green Levittown program in the landmark suburb that was carved out of a potato field on Long Island in 1947 .
The initiatives are intended to persuade residents to conduct a home energy audit ( at a cost of $ 150 ) .
The county then offers discounts rebates , and low - interest loans to anyone who switches to energy - efficient light bulbs , solar power , bio-fuels and upgraded home insulation .
Children in many schools are also being encouraged to walk or bike to school through the federal program Safe Routes to School , which has helped build bike paths , train crossing guards , and improve roadway safety in towns and suburbs around the country .
( The percentage of children who walk or ride bikes has plummeted from 50 percent in 1969 to 15 percent in 2001 , according to federal studies . )
A pilot program started in Marin County , north of San Francisco , in 2000 , where at the time , surveys showed that 21 percent of children at nine schools surveyed either walked or rode their bikes to school .
Two years later , that number was 38 percent , said Deb Hubsmith , the national director of the program .
Despite the efforts of individuals and whole communities to reduce the carbon cost of suburban life , the broad trends in American life have been moving in the opposite direction for decades .
The average single - family home nearly doubled in size from 1970 to 2005 , to 2,434 square feet .
Americans commuting to work by car travel farther as suburbs sprawl ( an average 12.1 miles in 2001 , up from 8.9 miles in 1983 ) , in vehicles whose average fuel efficiency has improved little .
For sheer baroque complexity of appearance , planetarium projectors are among the most amazing gizmos ever built .
They range from enormous machines more than 20 ft. high to a soccer ball sized $ 300 home version .
Their purpose is a bizarre reversal of a large optical telescope , taking an internal view of the universe and projecting it on a dome , rather than creating a view from peering outside of one , but the aesthetic is somewhat similar .
Another curious similarity is how much they look like some early satellites .
Our personal favorites are the original Zeiss , Mark I and the truly amazing machine built by the Korkosz brothers for the , appropriately named , Seymour Planetarium .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
Welcome to CoOL
Resources for Conservation Professionals
Conservation OnLine ( CoOL ) is a freely accessible platform to generate and disseminate vital resources for those working to preserve cultural heritage worldwide .
Through the support of the Foundation for Advancement in Conservation , CoOL is committed to growing and sustaining these resources into the future .
As an authoritative and trusted source of information , CoOL serves to foster , convene , and promote collaboration .
Use the navigation at left to :
Search CoOL
Access the Conservation DistList archives and mailing list
Peruse the publications archived on CoOL ( including JAIC , the Paper Conservation Catalog , and postprints from AIC's BPG , EMG , OSG , PMG , and WAG specialty groups ) .
Access the many sites and organizations that are hosted or mirrored on CoOL .
Use the CoOL Directory : Find People in and around Conservation .
Content on CoOL
The content of CoOL comes from a variety of sources , and we hope that all users will consider contributing some material to the project .
As you use the server , please pay attention to lacunae that you might be able to help fill .
If this is your first time here , please read an important message about copyright .
To report problems or offer suggestions , select the links at the bottom of each page .
Support CoOL
When FAIC took on management of Conservation OnLine ( CoOL ) and the Conservation DistList 10 years ago , we knew that these resources were crucial to the preservation community and had to be saved .
We did n’t know exactly how we would pay for the ongoing costs of curation and maintenance , let alone the necessary updates and improvements , but we knew we had to step up to the task .
Thanks to generous donations from people like you who use these resources , CoOL and the ConsDistList are still here for you to ask questions , find your next job , or see what courses are coming up .
You can find information on almost any preservation or conservation topic , from “ what is an ‘ aa ’ pattern ? ” to “ who conserved the Hie Sanno Sairei - Zu Japanese screens ? ”
But even we did n’t realize what treasures CoOL and the ConsDistList really are .
Earlier this year , we asked Matt Morgan , the FAIC Digital Strategy Advocate , to conduct an audit of FAIC and AIC ’s online resources .
Matt was as surprised as we were by what he found : FAIC and AIC ’s email lists and websites continue to stimulate broad support and generate deep member engagement .
The lists are popular , useful , and active , and the combined websites serve members with a usage rate that 's 10 - 60 times what 's exhibited at many similar professional associations -- including organizations both inside and outside the field of conservation .
Let me restate that : on a per-member basis , ( F ) AIC ’s online properties are orders of magnitude better used than those of other professional associations .
CoOL , the mailing lists , and the other websites may sometimes be frayed around the edges , but they are popular and very well - used .
Please help make sure the resources that you value remain accessible .
In order to keep CoOL and ConsDistList up and running , FAIC needs to raise $ 40,000 by the end of the year .
Last year the average gift size was $ 50 .
If only 8 % of the nearly 10,000 ConsDistList subscribers gave that amount , we would meet our goal .
We hope you ’ll show your support by making a contribution today .
You can donate with a credit card or mail a check to : FAIC
727 15th Street , NW
Suite 500
Washington , DC 20005
Thank you for your participation in this community and your generous support !
A sample of areas covered on this site ...
Conservation of Cultural Property : Art conservation , Paintings conservation , Paper conservation , Photographic materials conservation , Book conservation , Sculpture conservation , Objects conservation , Artifact conservation , Wood conservation , Textile conservation
Materials : Archaeological materials , Architectural materials , Archives materials , Artifacts , Artists ' materials , Electronic media , Electronic records , Historic materials , Library materials , Manuscripts , Modern materials , Museum materials , Natural history collections
Subjects : Biodeterioration , Collections care , Conservation education & training , Conservation science , Conservation suppliers , Conservation treatment , Conservators , Copyright , Degradation of materials , Digital imaging , Disaster planning , Documentation , Ethics , Health & Safety , Intellectual Property , Library Binding , Mass deacidification , Mold , Pest management , Preservation - related organizations , Reprographics , Restoration , Terminology
The Battle against Obama Clintons Play Bad Cop , Worse Cop
No more Ms. Nice Gal .
After Obama 's surprising success on the campaign trail , the Clinton team is pulling out all the stops .
Hillary 's most important advocate , her husband Bill , has jumped into the fray .
But some critics say his behavior is unfitting for an ex-president .
und Gabor Steingart Von Gregor Peter Schmitz
USEN の無料動画サービ ス「 GyaO 」 で11月19日、マイクロソフト（MS）のメディア再生プラグイン「Silverlight」を活用した動画配信が始まった。GyaOはWindows Media専用サービス。これまでMacintoshでは利用できなかったが、Silverlightに対応することで新たに、Macでも視聴できるようにする。
GyaOのSilverlight対応ページをMacで再生
まずは映画の予告編5本の配信を始めた。対応動画は順次増やしていく予定だ。「GyaOをMacでも見たいというニーズはサービス開始当初から大きかった」とUSENのGyaO事業本部第1メディア局の高野輝次Web制作部部長は話し、Silverlightに期待を寄せつつも、「Flashと同じぐらい普及すればGyaOでも全面対応したい」とし、Silverlightの普及状況を見ながら対応を広げていく考えだ。
「 動画サービスのアクセス上位はYouTube、ニコニコ動画、GyaOだが、YouTubeとニコニコ動画はFlashベース。GyaOが唯一、Silverlightを採用したことには意義があるのでは」（高野部長）
GyaOのFlash対応、何度も検討したが……
GyaOは2005年4月にスタートした動画配信サービスで、9月時点の登録ユーザー数は約1600万人。開始当初は急激にユーザーを増やしたが、Flashで動画を視聴できる「YouTube」などに人気を奪われてきた過去がある。
「 GyaOは『誰でも簡単に動画を見られる』とPRしてきたが、Macでは見られなかった。カスタマーサポートで最も多い問い合わせは、『Macで視聴させて』というもの。Macユーザーは『動画視聴に適したマシンなのに見られない』というジレンマがあるようで、単なる問い合わせを超えた熱いメッセージをいただいていた」（高野部長）
Flash やQuickTimeなどMacに対応したフォーマット採用も、何度も議論してきたという。だが、数十万本もあるというWindows Media形式の動画資産をそのまま活用できない、Windows MediaのDRMを適用できない――といった問題があり、採用を見送ってきた。
Silverlight な らWindows Media形式の資産を活用できる上、「来年前半にリリース予定」（MS）としている1.1以降はDRMに対応し、DRM付き動画を配信できるようになる。「これまでの課題を一気に解決できると期待している。加えて、リッチな表現も可能になる」（高野部長）
都内のマイクロソフト本社で開かれた説明会では、Macの実機でデモを実施。MSの春日井良隆デベロッパー＆プラットフォーム統括本部シニアプロダクトマネージャーが「この場でこんなにMacと言ったのは初めてではないか」と話すほど「Mac」を連呼していたのが印象的だった。
Silverlight対応に残る2つの課題
Silverlightに対応した映画予告編紹介ページ
今回 、Silverlightに対応したのは、「 GAGA
USEN 」 の映画予告編紹介ページ。 「 ライラの冒険 黄金の羅針盤 」 「 ランボー 最後の戦場」など新作映画5作品のプロモーションビデオを閲覧できる。通常のGyaOコンテンツにはない機能として、全画面表示にも対応。Silverlightをインストールしていないマシンでアクセスした場合はダウンロードページに誘導する。
GyaOの通常コンテンツでも順 次Silverlight対応を進めていく計画だが、本格対応に向けた課題として高野部長は、（1）DRMに対応したSilverlight 1.1の早期リリース、（2）Silverlightの普及率の低さ――を挙げる。
「とはいえ、ある程度普及すれば、通常コンテンツもSilverlightに積極的に対応させていくよう（宇野康秀）社長から指示を受けている。動画にSilverlightアイコンを設置し、Windows MediaとSilverlight両方を選べるようにするなどして順次対応していくだろう」（高野部長）
開発面で課題 も
今回の映画予告編ページは、SEとデザイナーが分業して構築した。「Flashだとデザイナー1人でも構築できるが、SilverlightはデザイナーとサーバのSEがそれぞれ必要だった。デザイナーに任せて、もうちょっとリッチな表現をしてみたかったのだが……」と高野部長は振り返る。
新しいフォーマットで、開発者コミュニティーも未整備だ。「Flashはバージョン5のあたりで、ユーザーと開発者がコミュニケーションして現場的な広がりが出てきた。Silverlightも早い段階で、汎用的な、幅広い表現ができるようになれば」
開発ノウハウも手探り。 「 開発中に疑問があるとGoogle検索で解決するのだが、Silverlightは検索してもヒットしない」と高野部長がこぼすと、MSの春日井シニアプロダクトマネージャーが「これから協力して充実させていきましょう」ととりなす――という一幕もあった。
In 1956 Adlai Stevenson , running against Dwight Eisenhower , tried to make the political style of his opponent ’s vice president , a man by the name of Richard Nixon , an issue .
The nation , he warned , was in danger of becoming “ a land of slander and scare ; the land of sly innuendo , the poison pen , the anonymous phone call and hustling , pushing , shoving ; the land of smash and grab and anything to win .
This is Nixonland . ”
The quote comes from “ Nixonland , ” a soon - to - be- published political history of the years from 1964 to 1972 written by Rick Perlstein , the author of “ Before the Storm . ”
As Mr. Perlstein shows , Stevenson warned in vain : during those years America did indeed become the land of slander and scare , of the politics of hatred .
And it still is .
In fact , these days even the Democratic Party seems to be turning into Nixonland .
The bitterness of the fight for the Democratic nomination is , on the face of it , bizarre .
Both candidates still standing are smart and appealing .
Both have progressive agendas ( although I believe that Hillary Clinton is more serious about achieving universal health care , and that Barack Obama has staked out positions that will undermine his own efforts ) .
Both have broad support among the party ’s grass roots and are favorably viewed by Democratic voters .
Supporters of each candidate should have no trouble rallying behind the other if he or she gets the nod .
Infants and toddlers exposed to baby lotions , shampoos and powders carry high concentrations of hormone - altering chemicals in their bodies that might have reproductive effects , according to a new scientific study of babies born in Los Angeles and two other U.S. cities .
The research , to be published today in the medical journal Pediatrics , found that as the use of baby care products rose , so did the concentration of phthalates , which are used in many fragrances .
The lead scientist in the study , Dr. Sheela Sathyanarayana of the University of Washington ’s Department of Pediatrics , said the findings suggested that many baby care products contain a variety of phthalates that enter children ’s bodies through their skin .
Manufacturers do not list phthalates as ingredients on labels , so it is unknown which products contain them .
Advertisement
The researchers at the University of Washington and the University of Rochester stressed that the potential effects on babies were uncertain .
But previous animal and human research suggests that early exposure to some phthalates could reduce testosterone and alter reproductive organs , particularly in males .
The three phthalate compounds found in the highest concentrations in babies in the study were linked to reduced testosterone in a 2006 study of newborns in Denmark .
Some scientists theorize such changes in hormones could lead to fertility problems and male reproductive disorders .
Representatives of the fragrance and cosmetics industries said they were surprised by the findings and questioned their validity .
They said only one phthalate compound is used in baby products , and it is found in such low levels that they doubt it could explain high concentrations found in the babies .
In the study , doctors tested the urine of 163 children between the ages of 2 months and 28 months born in Los Angeles , Minneapolis and Columbia , Mo. , between 2000 and 2005 .
All had detectable amounts of at least one type of phthalate , and more than 80 % had seven or more types .
Advertisement
“ Phthalate exposure is widespread and variable in infants .
We found that mothers ’ reported use of infant lotion , infant powder and shampoo was significantly associated with . . . urinary concentrations , ” the scientists wrote in the new study .
In the study , babies exposed to baby lotion , shampoo and powder had more than four times the level of phthalates in their urine than babies whose parents had not used the products .
The highest levels were reported in babies under 8 months old , and those exposed to lotions .
Previous studies have focused on a different route of exposure for children : sucking on soft , vinyl toys .
Phthalates , in addition to helping cosmetics retain fragrance and color , are used as plasticizers in some vinyl .
A recently passed California law will ban six types in children ’s toys and feeding products , beginning next year .
But no federal or state law in the United States prohibits their use in personal care products or cosmetics .
The study is the first to report that skin transfer may be a main route of exposure for babies .
Advertisement
In their report , the scientists advised parents who want to reduce their baby ’s exposure to stop using lotions and powders unless their doctors recommend them for medical reasons .
They also suggested limiting use of shampoos and other products .
Many adult lotions and other personal care products also contain phthalates .
John Bailey , chief scientist for the Personal Care Products Council , an industry trade group , said diethyl phthalate , or DEP , is used in the fragrances of some baby lotions and other baby products .
But DEP is used at “ very low levels , in the part - per- million range , below what could possibly account for the levels they are finding ” in the babies ’ urine , Bailey said .
“ All of the other phthalates , if they ’re present , have to be coming from someplace else , ” such as plastics or other products , he said .
Bailey said he could n’t explain why the researchers found such high concentrations in the babies that used lotions and the other products .
But he said the scientists should n’t have advised parents to stop using them because they did not test any products and cannot prove they were the source .
Advertisement
“ The results that are being presented and the conclusions being made do n’t make a great deal of scientific sense , ” Bailey said .
“ There ’s a lot that makes you question whether their findings are valid . ”
Europe has banned some phthalates in baby toys and cosmetics , but not the DEP found in fragrances .
More than half the mothers in the new study reported using baby shampoos on their infants within 24 hours of the urine tests , and about one - third had used lotion , and 14 % used powder within the same time period .
No link was found to baby wipes or to diaper creams .
The highest concentrations in the babies were for a phthalate known as MEP , which comes from DEP , the compound used in fragrances .
One baby had an extremely high level of MEP -- 4.4 parts per million .
Advertisement
In a 2005 study of babies in the same three cities , boys with high exposure to MEP and three other phthalates had subtle changes in their genitals , such as shorter spans between their anus and penis , which is considered a sign of feminization in animals .
Scientists , however , do not know what doses might be capable of altering babies ’ hormones or genitalia .
“ There is no known toxic concentration right now .
We just do n’t have a threshold for danger or health effects , ” Sathyanarayana said .
Bailey said there was insufficient evidence of any link between human health effects and the compounds .
“ It is very much still research in progress , ” he said .
Advertisement
marla.cone@latimes.com
The following are excerpts from an interview with American political scientist Norman Finkelstein , which aired on Future TV on January 20 , 2008 .
The questions were in Arabic , and Finkelstein 's responses are in English .
To view this clip on MEMRI TV , visit : http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/1676.
I Do Want to Express Solidarity with [ Hizbullah ] , And I Am Not Going to be a Coward or a Hypocrite About It
Norman Finkelstein : " I was of course happy to meet the Hizbullah people , because it is a point of view that is rarely heard in the United States .
I have no problem saying that I do want to express solidarity with them , and I am not going to be a coward or a hypocrite about it .
" I do n't care about Hizbullah as a political organization .
I do n't know much about their politics , and anyhow , it 's irrelevant .
I do n't live in Lebanon .
It 's a choice that the Lebanese have to make : who they want to be their leaders , who they want to represent them .
" But there is a fundamental principle .
People have the right to defend their country from foreign occupiers , and people have the right to defend their country from invaders who are destroying their country .
That to me is a very basic , elementary and uncomplicated question .
" My parents went through World War II .
Now , Stalin 's regime was not exactly a bed of roses .
It was a ruthless and brutal regime , and many people perished . "
" I Am Going to Honor the Hizbullah ; They Show Courage , And They Show Discipline , I Respect That "
" But who did n't support the Soviet Union when they defeated the Nazis ?
Who did n't support the Red Army ?
In all the countries of Europe which were occupied - who gets all the honors ?
" The resistance .
The Communist resistance - it was brutal , it was ruthless .
The Communists were not ...
It was n't a bed of roses , but you respect them .
You respect them because they resisted the foreign occupiers of their country .
If I am going to honor the Communists during World War II , even though I probably would not have done very well under their regimes ...
If I 'm going to honor them , I am going to honor the Hizbullah .
They show courage , and they show discipline .
I respect that . "
Interviewer : " That is an accurate description of the situation before 2000 , but after 2000 , the Israelis withdrew from South Lebanon .
There was a rift within Lebanon between the Lebanese political players on the issue of the future of the weapons and the issue of the resistance .
This rift , which has taken place ...
You are now taking sides .
After all , you are saying that you are only visiting Lebanon , but you do n't see the ramification of the July war for the people . "
" There is No Way that the United States and Israel are Going to Tolerate Any Resistance in the Arab World ... How Can I Not Respect Those Who Say No to That ? "
Norman Finkelstein : " Listen , if you want to close your eyes and believe it was all over in May 2000 , you can do so .
You can play that game .
But the reality was - and everyone understood it - that the Israeli attitude was :
We are going to knock out Hizbullah .
They began planning for a new war right after they were forced to leave in 2000 .
They found their excuse , their pretext , in July 2006 , but there is no question among rational people that Israel was never going to let the Hizbullah victory go by .
They were determined to teach their ... "
Interviewer : " The war could have been avoided . "
Norman Finkelstein : " It could not have been avoided .
There is no way that the United States and Israel are going to tolerate any resistance in the Arab world .
If you want to pretend it can be avoided , you can play that game .
But serious people , clear - headed people , knew there was going to be a war sooner or later .
[...]
" Do you think there is not going to be another war ?
Do you think Israel is going to allow that defeat in July 2006 ?
Do you want to pretend it is Hizbullah that is causing the trouble ?
No , there will be another war , and the destruction will probably be ten times worse - maybe even more - than July 2006 , because Israel is determined , with the United States , to put the Arabs in their place and to keep them in their place .
Now , how can I not respect those who say no to that ?
You know , during the Spanish Civil War there was a famous woman - they called her ' La Pasionaria ' - Dolores Ibárruri , from the Spanish Republic .
She famously said : ' It 's better to die on your feet than to walk crawling on your knees [ sic ] . ' "
Interviewer : " But that is up to the Lebanese people in its entirety . "
Norman Finkelstein : " I totally agree .
I am not telling you what to do with your lives , and if you 'd rather live crawling on your feet [ sic ] , I could respect that .
I could respect that .
People want to live .
How can I deny you that right ?
But then , how can I not respect those who say they would rather die on their feet ?
How can I not respect that ? " [...]
" I Honestly Don't See Another Way , Unless You Choose to Be Their Slaves - And Many People Here Have Chosen That ...
You Can't Wait to Roll Out the Red Carpet [ for Bush ] - I Can't Respect That "
" Israel and the United States are attacking , because they will not allow any military resistance to their control of the region .
That 's the problem .
If Hizbullah laid down its arms , and said , ' We will do whatever the Americans say , ' you would n't have a war - that 's true , but you would also be the slaves of the Americans .
I have to respect those who refuse to be slaves . "
Interviewer : " Is there no other way than military resistance ? "
Norman Finkelstein : " I do n't believe there is another way .
I wish there were another way .
Who wants war ?
Who wants destruction ?
Even Hitler did n't want war .
He would much prefer to have accomplished his aims peacefully , if he could .
So I am not saying that I want it , but I honestly do n't see another way , unless you choose to be their slaves - and many people here have chosen that .
I can't really say ...
I can understand it - you want to live .
I can't really say I respect it .
You know , so many dead , so much destruction ...
Before the bodies are even buried , before the buildings are even rebuilt , the person who is responsible for it all - you can't wait to welcome him .
You can't wait to roll out the red carpet .
I can't respect that . "
" The [ U.S. ]
Secretary of State Said it was the Birth Pangs of a New Middle East - That 's the Statement of a Freak - A Human Freak Would Compare the Birth of a Child with the Destruction of a Country "
" In that respect , I like the Jews much more .
I like their attitude .
Do you know what the Jewish attitude is ?
Never to forgive , never to forget .
I agree with that .
Who rolled out the red carpet less than two years after your whole country was destroyed by them ?
The Secretary of State said it was the birth pangs of a new Middle East .
That 's the statement of a freak .
A human freak would compare the birth of a child with the destruction of a country , and yet , there are people here who are so anxious to welcome her .
" They are trying to figure out what the Americans are thinking .
They can't wait for their banquets .
How can anyone respect that ?
I respect the Jews a thousand times more - never to forgive , never to forget .
All the death and all the destruction - and you can't wait to welcome him . "
Interviewer : " Norman ... "
Norman Finkelstein : " It 's disgusting !
[...]
" Who the hell cares if Bush is coming ? "
Interviewer : " But you say there will be another war . "
" You Have No Self - Respect ... Do We Honor Those Who Say ' Let Us Live , ' or Do We Honor Those Who Said ' Let 's Resist ' ? "
Norman Finkelstein : " You should have declared him persona non grata .
He 's not welcome here .
He destroyed your country .
He was responsible for the war .
You know full well that resolution could have been passed three weeks earlier .
He destroys your country , and you can't wait to greet him .
You have no self - respect .
How can you expect other people to respect Arabs , if you show no respect for yourselves ?
[...]
" If the Lebanese people overwhelmingly vote to let the Americans and Israelis have their way , I guess you have to accept that .
I could see that .
I could n't possibly say that they do n't have the right to make that choice .
Listen , in Nazi- occupied Europe , you have to remember , most of the populations made the choice to live under the Nazis .
" All this talk about a French Resistance is just a joke - it never happened .
The French Resistance ...
About 20 % of the French population read the Resistance 's newspaper .
There were maybe 10 % of the French who resisted .
The rest said : ' Do n't resist , ' because the Nazis were ruthless .
You resist - four hundred are killed for each soldier who 's killed .
That 's how the Nazis operated .
So most of the French said , like you : ' We want to live . '
' Do n't resist . '
But now I have to ask you , in retrospect :
Who do we honor ?
Do we honor those who say ' Let us live , ' or do we honor those who said ' Let 's resist ' ?
[...]
" Leaders come last .
There will be a leader who comes to power in Israel , who is willing to make the concessions , after the conditions have been created - namely , Israel has to suffer a defeat . "
Republican presidential candidates debate in Los Angeles last Wednesday .
ARIZONA DEMOCRATS
MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
January 30 -- February 1
Clinton 43 %
Obama 41 %
Unsure 16 %
Sampling error : +/- 5 % pts
CALIFORNIA DEMOCRATS
California Democratic poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 44 %
Obama 40 %
Unsure 16 %
CALIFORNIA GOP
California GOP poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 35 %
Romney 35 %
Huckabee 14 %
Paul 5 %
Unsure 12 %
* The Democratic and Republican California poll of polls both consist of three surveys : Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby ( February 1 - 3 ) , American Research Group ( February 1 - 2 ) , and MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon ( January 30 - Feb 1 ) .
CONNECTICUT DEMOCRATS
American Research Group
January 30 - 31
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 48 %
Obama 35 %
Unsure 17 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
CONNECTICUT GOP
American Research Group
January 30 - 31
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 43 %
Romney 25 %
Huckabee 12 %
Paul 1 %
Unsure 19 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
DELAWARE DEMOCRATS
American Research Group
January 31 -- February 1
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 44 %
Obama 42 %
Unsure 14 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
DELAWARE GOP
American Research Group
January 31 -- February 1
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 41 %
Romney 35 %
Huckabee 7 %
Paul 5 %
Unsure 12 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
GEORGIA DEMOCRATS
MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon
January 30 - February 1
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Obama 47 %
Clinton 41 %
Unsure 12 %
Sampling error : +/- 5 % pts
GEORGIA GOP
MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon
January 30 -- February 1
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 33 %
Romney 27 %
Huckabee 18 %
Paul 4 %
Unsure 18 %
Sampling error : +/- 5 % pts
ILLINOIS DEMOCRATS
Chicago Tribune / WGN
January 30 -- February 1
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Obama 55 %
Clinton 24 %
Unsure 21 %
Sampling error : +/-4.4 % pts
American Research Group
January 30 -- January 31
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Obama 51 %
Clinton 40 %
Unsure 9 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
ILLINOIS GOP
Chicago Tribune / WGN
January 30 -- February 1
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 43 %
Romney 20 %
Huckabee 15 %
Paul 4 %
Unsure 18 %
Sampling error : +/-4.4 % pts
American Research Group
January 30 - January 31
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 48 %
Romney 34 %
Huckabee 3 %
Paul 3 %
Unsure 12 %
Sampling error : +/- 4 % pts
MASSACHUSETTS DEMOCRATS
7 NEWS / Suffolk University
February 1 - 3
Likely Democratic Primary Voters ' Choice for Nominee
Obama 46 %
Clinton 44 %
Unsure 10 %
Sampling error : +/-4.9 % pts
MASSACHUSETTS GOP
7 NEWS / Suffolk University
February 1 - 3
Likely Republican Primary Voters ' Choice for Nominee
Romney 50 %
McCain 37 %
Huckabee 4 %
Paul 3 %
Unsure 6 %
Sampling error : +/-4.9 % pts
MISSOURI DEMOCRATS
Missouri Democratic poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 44 %
Obama 44 %
Unsure 12 %
MISSOURI GOP
Missouri Republican poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 34 %
Huckabee 28 %
Romney 25 %
Paul 3 %
Unsure 10 %
* The Democratic and Republican Missouri poll of polls both consist of three surveys : Reuters / C-SPAN / Zogby ( January 30 -- February 3 ) , MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon ( January 30 -- February 1 ) , and American Research Group ( January 31 -- February 1 ) .
NEW JERSEY DEMOCRATS
New Jersey poll of polls
January 30 - February 2
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 46 %
Obama 39 %
Unsure 15 %
NEW JERSEY GOP
New Jersey Republican poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 51 %
Romney 27 %
Huckabee 6 %
Paul 4 %
Unsure 12 %
* The Democratic and Republican New Jersey poll of polls both consist of three surveys : Reuters / C-SPAN / Zogby ( January 30 -- February 3 ) , MSNBC / McClatchy / Mason - Dixon ( January 30 -- February 1 ) , and Monmouth University ( January 30 -- February 1 ) .
NEW YORK DEMOCRATS
WNBC / Marist
January 30 - 31
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 54 %
Obama 38 %
Unsure 8 %
Sampling error : +/- 5 % pts
NEW YORK GOP
New York Republican poll of polls
January 30 - February 3
Likely Republican Primary Voters ' Choice for Nominee
McCain 56 %
Romney 22 %
Huckabee 7 %
Paul 5 %
Unsure 10 %
* The Republican New York poll of polls consists of three surveys : Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby ( Feb 1 - 3 ) , Quinnipiac ( Jan 30 - Feb 3 ) , and Marist ( Jan 30 - 31 ) .
UTAH DEMOCRATS
Deseret Morning News / KSL-TV
January 31 -- February 1
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Obama 53 %
Clinton 29 %
Unsure 18 %
Sampling error : +/-6.5 % pts
UTAH GOP
Deseret Morning News / KSL-TV
January 31 -- February 1
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
Romney 84 %
McCain 4 %
Unsure 12 %
Sampling error : +/-6.5 % pts
National Republican poll of polls
Likely Republican primary voters ' choice for nominee
McCain 47 %
Romney 23 %
Huckabee 17 %
Paul 6 %
Unsure 7 %
National Democratic poll of polls
Likely Democratic primary voters ' choice for nominee
Clinton 47 %
Obama 40 %
Unsure 13 %
*** The Democratic and Republican national poll of polls both consist of three surveys : Gallup ( January 30 -- February 1 ) , Fox / Opinion Dynamics ( January 30 - 31 ) , and ABC / Washington Post ( January 31 ) .
E-mail to a friend
Can Clinton Get Her Lead Back ?
It 's been said that one benefit of the torturous process presidential candidates must undergo is that it gives voters an extended view of their managerial ability .
After all , this line of thinking goes , if a candidate can't organize a national campaign , he or she can't run the federal government .
If that 's true , there are four emerging reasons why voters may want to take a second look at Hillary Clinton .
So far , in a number of key areas , her campaign is falling short - and she wo n't solve the problem simply by changing campaign managers , as she did earlier this week .
This is n't to say Clinton wo n't eventually win the nomination , or that many of her problems do n't stem from the fact that she 's up against an extraordinary candidate in Barack Obama .
But a lot of her difficulties have been self - made .
That 's not only troubling ; it 's one reason she has begun to lose her grip on even " the establishment " in the party .
And that means her once impregnable stranglehold on the party 's superdelegates - who may well decide the Democratic race if the two front - runners remain virtually tied - is in serious jeopardy .
Take Clinton 's first weakness : her performance in caucus states .
In primaries , Clinton has more than held her own ( that is , up until this week , when she lost three on Tuesday night ) .
If these were the only contests that determined the nomination , she would be on her way to victory , albeit narrowly .
Yet in domestic caucuses ( exclusive of those for US territories ) , where everyone has to vote publicly at the same time and turnout is smaller , she has gone an astounding two for 12 , losing many states , such as Minnesota , Washington , and Colorado , by a nearly 2 - 1 margin .
There 's no excuse for this .
A caucus is a simple test of organization and planning .
It 's like a spelling quiz in school - if you do your homework , you should pass .
The Clinton campaign either never planned for the caucuses , or was so overconfident it thought Hillary would win them simply by showing up .
Whatever the reason , it does n't say much about her political leadership .
If this strategic negligence continues , it could completely derail her efforts - particularly in Texas , which holds both a caucus and a primary on March 4 .
( Oddly , around one - third of Texas 's delegates are awarded based on the caucus results , with the rest coming from the primary that takes place earlier in the day . )
Then there 's the role of Bill Clinton .
In January , a New York Times / CBS poll showed that 39 percent of voters were more likely ( versus 13 percent less likely ) to support Clinton than Obama because of Bill 's involvement with the campaign .
( The rest had no opinion . )
By early February , that same poll broke down 18 to 12 percent on a similar question .
In other words , Bill went from being a big plus to a statistical neutral .
Far more important , he made it almost impossible for his wife 's campaign to go negative against Obama .
Yes , it is understood that , like it or not , attacks are part of presidential politics - particularly when the race narrows to two candidates .
But Bill went so over the top in his assaults on Obama , injecting the element of race , that he undermined any future attacks Hillary herself might make against her opponent .
If Obama now wears a temporary coat of Teflon , it 's because the Clintons put it on him .
A third reason Clinton is suffering is because her campaign 's finances were mishandled - again , hardly a mark of presidential leadership .
We may never know how much cash was flushed down the drain in Iowa , or how other resources were squandered , but it was considerable .
To win a national campaign , you need to husband your resources and budget for the long haul - just in case .
Clinton obviously never did .
Her campaign is now limping into key post - Super Tuesday contests with a financial disadvantage , and she 's begging Obama to debate her virtually every week to give her free air time ( a request he will undoubtedly deny ) .
Finally , the Clinton campaign underestimated the animus in the country against a female candidate - surprising since her gender is her calling card .
Yes , Obama is going to carry the South overwhelmingly because of his hold on the African - American vote .
But what 's been ignored is that , in many states in this region , he 's also doing well with the white community .
That 's , in part , a tribute to his vote - getting ability , but it is undoubtedly also due to the profound and entrenched sexism in the South .
Although pockets of that region still wave Confederate flags , animosity to a female presidential candidate is , on the whole , greater than it is to an African - American one .
Had Hillary realized her chances of carrying most Southern states ( Florida does n't count ) were virtually zero , she might have run a very different type of campaign .
Clinton , of course , may still win .
If she prevails in Ohio , Texas , and Pennsylvania , it 's hard to believe Democrats will nominate a candidate who failed to carry a single large state other than his own ( Illinois ) .
But both Obama and Clinton came into this campaign with huge question marks about their leadership and executive potential .
So far , Obama has more than assuaged the doubts about himself .
Clinton has only exacerbated them .
これ岩波から出た一応は音楽事典ってことになってるんですが、内容すごすぎる。図書館にあるような音楽事典だと思ったらとんでもない。音楽の読み物として、まずは面白い。徳丸吉彦，高橋悠治，北中正和，
渡辺裕による責任編集、音楽のなりたちから現在のポピュラー音楽までを俯瞰した大冊で読み応えあります・・・って話ってだけで興味もつ方もいると思いますが、これに加えて、執筆人が面白い。佐々木敦やら不肖大友良英もはいっております。
自慢じゃないですが、事典だってのに、いきなり「何の音楽経験もなく，学校の音楽の時間すら苦痛だった私の最初の楽器はテープレコーダーと自作の発信機だった．深夜放送でロックを聴くのが楽しみだった１４歳の少年は，最初から楽器を演奏することはあきらめていて・・・」って書き出して書いてますからオレ。どこが事典だよっ！
って話ですが、実はこれが「演奏装置」の項目。最初は事典だってんで、図書館とかでいろんな文献をしらべて、事典みたいなことを書いてみたのだ。ガラにもなく。でもさ、こんなことが必要なら最初からオレに依頼はこないわな。悠治さんから、“大友くんにたのんだのは、こういうことじゃなくて、大友くんの実感を現場の目で書いてほしいからだ ”
ってダメだしがきまして（苦笑、あたりまえだ）、で、開き直って自分の体験を中心に演奏装置ってことについて書かせてもらったのだ。
とまあオレの書いた項目にかぎらず、ほかもみなこの調子で、事典ってよりは、はっきりと読み物としてものすごく面白いし、ある意味現状の音楽や、アカデミックな音楽に対する強烈な批評にもなっている。
欠点は高いこと。8400円もする。でも充分そのくらい出していい内容。高いと思った人は図書館でめくってみてください。でももしあなたが音楽を本気でやりたいと思っている若者なら、この金額は安い。安すぎるくらい。３回呑みに行くのを我慢するか、リボ払いで購入すべき。一生の財産になるはず。ものがじゃなくて、これを読み解くことがっすよ。菊地成孔、大谷能生の『憂鬱と官能を教えた学校』で、音楽理論の扉を開けた人には特にお勧め。
ちなみにですね、今から２５年ほど前、月収７万円で3万のボロアパート住まいだったオレは、当時決心をして出たばかりの数万円もする平凡社の音楽大事典
全６冊を購入したのだ。いきなりは買えなかったから、一冊数千円の本を、出た順番に1年以上かけて購入した。当時としては最新の音楽事典。単に辞書のように便利に引くだけじゃなく、読み物のように読んで現代音楽やら、民族音楽のことだけじゃなく基礎的なことをいろいろと勉強しました、ほんとほんと、これでも一応そういう勉強をした時期もあるのよ。信じられないって、う〜〜〜ん、確かに。でも、ほんと、ほんと、信じて〜。
http://www.iwanami.co.jp/.BOOKS/02/5/0236720.html
え〜、今月のライブスケジュールです。
２月8日（金） 「 新宿ピットイン」本田珠也 + 大友良英デュオ ２年前の共演以来ずっと双方共演機会を狙っておりました。DUOはもちろん初めて。四つに組んで勝負しますぞ！
２月9 日 （土）深夜0時スタート 新宿 「 テアトル新宿 」 『「 実録・連合赤軍 あさま山荘への道程」公開決定記念 若松孝二・レトロスペクティブオールナイト』
ライヴ：ジム・オルーク、大友良英、勝井祐二トーク：井筒和幸監督、崔洋一監督、阪本順治監督
司会：平岡正明『実録・連合赤軍』メイキング
Vol. 4上映若松孝二レトロスペクティブ上映：『処女ゲバゲバ』、『17歳の風景』
もう説明不要ですね。先月もあの大きな会場でPAなし。今回はどうなるのかな。
２月11 日（月）午 後4時開場、5時開演 大阪 「 鰻谷燦粋 」 『いいにおいのするパーティー 3 』ツジコノリコ ソロ、大友良英（ターンテーブル）ソロ、ZUCCHINI DRIVE 、NOMAD 、BLEU BIRD、Vampillia、ほか前売：2,800円、当日：3,300円（ドリンク代別）
久々大阪公演。今回はターンテーブルソロ。わりと早めの出番で〜す。
２月19 日（火） 明大前 「 キッド・アイラック・アート・ホール 」 １９時開場 予約２５００ 円 当日２８００ 円 刀根康尚 、Sachiko M、大友良英
これも説明不要ですね。日本の前衛音楽、電子音楽、ノイズの扉を開いた大先輩刀根さんが、ニュージーランドからNYへの帰りに久々に日本によります。多分今回日本での公演はこれだけだと思います。なによりこのセットは世界初。どうかお見逃し無く。問い合わせ03-3322^5564 キッドアイラック。
では会場で ！
Senior advisor to the President , Karl Rove ( C ) walks off the Air Force One after arriving in Waco with the U.S. President George W. Bush ( not pictured ) , August 13 , 2007 .
Rove , the strategist behind President George W. Bush 's ascendancy to the White House , will join Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News Channel as a contributor starting with Super Tuesday , the network said .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Karl Rove , the strategist behind President George W. Bush ’s ascendancy to the White House , will join Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox News Channel as a contributor starting with Super Tuesday , the network said .
Rove was chief strategist for Bush ’s 2000 presidential campaign and joined him in the White House in several capacities , including deputy chief of staff .
He left the White House in August .
Rove has been contributing opinion pieces to The Wall Street Journal , which also belongs to Murdoch ’s NewsCorp , and will debut on the television network with live coverage on Tuesday of the biggest day of the presidential primary election season , Fox said on Monday .
Fox News Channel was the top-rated U.S. cable news network in 2007 in terms of viewership , ahead of rival CNN , according to Broadcasting & Cable magazine .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has released a report ( PDF ) containing analysis of Comcast 's Internet traffic interference activities .
The EFF 's study provides strong evidence that Comcast is using packet - forging to disrupt peer - to - peer ( P2P ) filesharing on their network .
According to the report , the EFF used an open - source packet sniffer called Wireshark to analyze network traffic while attempting to seed public domain literature on BitTorrent with a Comcast broadband connection .
The tests confirmed that BitTorrent performance was being selectively degraded by unexpected TCP reset packets .
Previous independent research conducted by the AP is consistent with the findings published by the EFF .
" Initial investigations suggest that Comcast is interfering with some subset of protocols , rather than interfering equally with TCP / IP traffic generally , " the EFF 's study says .
" We have seen definite interference by injection of RST packets into certain classes of BitTorrent and Gnutella TCP sessions . "
Although Comcast has admitted to using traffic management technologies , the company still continues to insist that it does not target specific protocols or technologies despite mounting evidence of BitTorrent disruption .
Advocacy groups have filed a complaint with the FCC , characterizing Comcast 's behavior as a flagrant violation of the network neutrality principles outlined in the FCC's Internet Policy Statement .
Comcast 's critics are calling for the FCC to instate a permanent ban on P2P interference and impose massive fines on the company .
Comcast 's competitors , who have traditionally expressed opposition to network neutrality , are also advocating an FCC investigation .
Additionally , allegations of traffic blocking have led to class - action lawsuit that was filed earlier this month .
Comcast executive vice president David Cohen told us that Comcast does not block access to BitTorrent and that the company 's traffic control mechanisms are permissible because the FCC 's standards explicitly permit " reasonable network management " practices .
The FCC has not yet stated how it will respond to Comcast 's P2P interference .
Comcast has been extremely secretive about the scope and extent of its traffic management activity .
The company provided instructions to its employees specifying how they should respond to consumer questions about P2P interference .
Employees were informed that discussing the specifics of Comcast 's P2P blocking with anyone outside of the company would lead to termination .
In addition to providing evidence of network interference , the EFF study also explains how Comcast 's selective degradation of BitTorrent traffic undermines future Internet innovation .
" The Internet has enabled a cascade of innovations precisely because any programmer — whether employed by a huge corporation , a startup , or tinkering at home for fun — has been able to create new protocols and applications that operate over TCP / IP , without having to obtain permission from anyone , " the EFF wrote .
" Comcast 's recent moves threaten to create a situation in which innovators may need to obtain permission and assistance from an ISP in order to guarantee that their protocols will operate correctly .
By arbitrarily using RST packets in a manner at odds with TCP / IP standards , Comcast threatens to Balkanize the open standards that are the foundation of the Internet . "
The EFF also published a second report ( PDF ) , which provides detailed technical instructions explaining how to use Wireshark to reproduce their study and test for ISP packet injection .
Proponents of network neutrality legislation point to Comcast 's P2P blocking to support their argument that the current regulatory system is n't capable of providing consumers with sufficient protection from discriminatory network manipulation .
Network neutrality supporters have long argued that the lack of competition in the broadband market makes it possible for Internet service providers to abuse their network control with impunity in the absence of stricter regulation .
The FCC 's response to widespread allegations of Comcast P2P blocking will indicate whether or not the current system has adequate safeguards .
Back in February of this year , writing about the history of turning - point elections , Steve Fraser asked a question , but did n't answer it : Would campaign 2008 , he wondered , turn out to be a rare presidential election of historic proportions ?
After all , the Democrats had recaptured the House and Senate only months before -- and might n't that have been " a signal " on the horizon of such an upcoming electoral turning point ?
Just ten months later , in a new economic moment , he 's ready to answer his question , definitively .
Even in an American culture notorious for its loss of memory , there are certain happenings no one forgets , and the Great Depression of the 1930s is one of those .
Yet , in the media , just about no one dares to utter the " D " word because of its terrifying and toxic associations .
And yet , Fraser argues , the onrushing economic crisis , now apparent to all , could indeed be hightailing in exactly that direction , while the Bush administration and leading Republican presidential candidates say virtually nothing about the economic storm clouds gathering .
At the same time -- as the recent headlines about the new National Intelligence Estimate on the Iranian nuclear program indicate -- the politics of fear on which this administration has maintained so much of its power , and on which Republican presidential candidates seem to depend so completely , is eroding all around us .
Every week , almost every day , another clue suggests that we may be entering a new political environment .
Only last week , for instance , the nonpartisan Pew Hispanic Center released a new poll , indicating that Republican gains of recent years among Hispanic voters have been more than wiped out .
In July 2006 , only 49 % of such voters favored Democrats , while 28 % favored Republicans , a gap of 21 % .
Less than a year and a half later , that gap is 34 % and undoubtedly rising -- no small matter in potential swing states like Colorado , New Mexico , and even Florida .
So consider , with Fraser , who has written a striking history of Wall Street , Every Man a Speculator , just what kinds of political and economic storms may lie ahead in 2008 .
-- Tom
* * *
The Perfect Storm of Campaign 2008 : War , Depression , and Turning - Point Elections
By Steve Fraser
Will the presidential election of 2008 mark a turning point in American political history ?
Will it terminate with extreme prejudice the conservative ascendancy that has dominated the country for the last generation ?
No matter the haplessness of the Democratic opposition , the answer is yes .
With Richard Nixon 's victory in the 1968 presidential election , a new political order first triumphed over New Deal liberalism .
It was an historic victory that one - time Republican strategist and now political critic Kevin Phillips memorably anointed the " emerging Republican majority . "
Now , that Republican " majority " finds itself in a systemic crisis from which there is no escape .
Only at moments of profound shock to the old order of things -- the Great Depression of the 1930s or the coming together of imperial war , racial confrontation , and de-industrialization in the late 1960s and 1970s -- does this kind of upheaval become possible in a political universe renowned for its stability , banality , and extraordinary capacity to duck things that matter .
The trauma must be real and it must be perceived by people as traumatic .
Both conditions now apply .
War , economic collapse , and the political implosion of the Republican Party will make 2008 a year to remember .
The Politics of Fear in Reverse
Iraq is an albatross that , all by itself , could sink the ship of state .
At this point , there 's no need to rehearse the polling numbers that register the no-looking - back abandonment of this colossal misadventure by most Americans .
No cosmetic fix , like the " surge , " can , in the end , make a difference -- because large majorities decided long ago that the invasion was a fiasco , and because the geopolitical and geo-economic objectives of the Bush administration leave no room for a genuine Iraqi nationalism which would be the only way out of this mess .
The fatal impact of the President 's adventure in Iraq , however , runs far deeper than that .
It has undermined the politics of fear which , above all else , had sustained the Bush administration .
According to the latest polls , the Democrats who rate national security a key concern has shrunk to a percentage bordering on the statistically irrelevant .
Independents display a similar " been there , done that " attitude .
Republicans do express significantly greater levels of alarm , but far lower than a year or two ago .
In fact , the politics of fear may now be operating in reverse .
The chronic belligerence of the Bush administration , especially in the last year with respect to Iran , and the cartoonish saber - rattling of Republican presidential candidates ( whether genuine or because they believe themselves captives of the Bush legacy ) is scary .
Its only promise seems to be endless war for purposes few understand or are ready to salute .
To paraphrase Franklin Delano Roosevelt , for many people now , the only thing to fear is the politics of fear itself .
And then there is the war on the Constitution .
Randolph Bourne , a public intellectual writing around the time of World War I , is remembered today for one trenchant observation : that war is the health of the state .
Mobilizing for war invites the cancerous growth of the bureaucratic state apparatus and its power over everyday life .
Like some over - ripe fruit this kind of war - borne " healthiness " is today visibly morphing into its opposite -- what we might call the " sickness of the state . "
The constitutional transgressions of the executive branch and its abrogation of the powers reserved to the other two branches of government are , by now , reasonably well known .
Most of this aggressive over - reaching has been encouraged by the imperial hubris exemplified by the invasion of Iraq .
It would be short - sighted to think that this only disturbs the equanimity of a small circle of civil libertarians .
There is a long - lived and robust tradition in American political life always resentful of this kind of statism .
In part , this helps account for wholesale defections from the Republican Party by those who believe it has been kidnapped by political elites masquerading as down - home , " live free or die " conservatives .
Now , add potential economic collapse to this witches brew .
Even the soberest economy watchers , pundits with PhDs -- whose dismal record in predicting anything tempts me not to mention this -- are prophesying dark times ahead .
Depression -- or a slump so deep it's not worth quibbling about the difference -- is evidently on the way ; indeed is already underway .
The economics of militarism have been a mainstay of business stability for more than half century ; but now , as in the Vietnam era , deficits incurred to finance invasion only exacerbate a much more embracing dilemma .
Start with the confidence game being run out of Wall Street ; after all , the subprime mortgage debacle now occupies newspaper front pages day after outrageous day .
Certainly , these tales of greed and financial malfeasance are numbingly familiar .
Yet , precisely that sense of déjà vu all over again , of Enron revisited , of an endless cascade of scandalous , irrational behavior affecting the central financial institutions of our world suggests just how dire things have become .
Enronization as Normal Life
Once upon a time , all through the nineteenth century , financial panics -- often precipitating more widespread economic slumps -- were a commonly accepted , if dreaded , part of " normal " economic life .
Then the Crash of 1929 , followed by the New Deal Keynesian regulatory state called into being to prevent its recurrence , made these cyclical extremes rare .
Beginning with the stock market crash of 1987 , however , they have become ever more common again , most notoriously -- until now , that is -- with the dot.com implosion of 2000 and the Enronization that followed .
Enron seems like only yesterday because , in fact , it was only yesterday , which strongly suggests that the financial sector is now increasingly out of control .
At least three factors lurk behind this new reality .
Thanks to the Reagan counterrevolution , there is precious little left of the regulatory state -- and what remains is effectively run by those who most need to be regulated .
( Despite bitter complaints in the business community , the Sarbanes - Oxley bill , passed after the dot.com bubble burst , has proven weak tea indeed when it comes to preventing financial high jinks , as the current financial meltdown indicates . )
More significantly , for at least the last quarter - century , the whole U.S. economic system has lived off the speculations generated by the financial sector -- sometimes given the acronym FIRE for finance , insurance , and real estate ) .
It has grown exponentially while , in the country 's industrial heartland in particular , much of the rest of the economy has withered away .
FIRE carries enormous weight and the capacity to do great harm .
Its growth , moreover , has fed a proliferation of financial activities and assets so complex and arcane that even their designers do n't fully understand how they operate .
One might call this the sorcerer 's apprentice effect .
In such an environment , the likelihood and frequency of financial panics grows , so much so that they become " normal accidents " -- an oxymoron first applied to highly sophisticated technological systems like nuclear power plants by the sociologist Charles Perrow .
Such systems are inherently subject to breakdowns for reasons those operating them can't fully anticipate , or correctly respond to , once they 're underway .
This is so precisely because they never fully understood the labyrinthine intricacies and ramifying effects of the way they worked in the first place .
Likening the current subprime implosion to such a " normal accident " is more than metaphorical .
Today 's Wall Street fabricators of avant - garde financial instruments are actually called " financial engineers . "
They got their training in " labs , " much like Dr. Frankenstein's , located at Wharton , Princeton , Harvard , and Berkeley .
Each time one of their confections goes south , they scratch their heads in bewilderment -- always making sure , of course , that they have financial life - rafts handy , while investors , employees , suppliers , and whole communities go down with the ship .
What makes Wall Street 's latest " normal accident " so portentous , however , is the way it is interacting with , and infecting , healthier parts of the economy .
When the dot.com bubble burst many innocents were hurt , not just denizens of the Street .
Still , its impact turned out to be limited .
Now , via the subprime mortgage meltdown , Main Street is under the gun .
It is not only a matter of mass foreclosures .
It is not merely a question of collapsing home prices .
It is not simply the shutting down of large portions of the construction industry ( inspiring some of those doom - and - gloom prognostications ) .
It is not just the born - again skittishness of financial institutions which have , all of sudden , gotten religion , rediscovered the word " prudence , " and wo n't lend to anybody .
It is all of this , taken together , which points ominously to a general collapse of the credit structure that has shored up consumer capitalism for decades .
Campaigning Through a Perfect Storm of Economic Disaster
The equity built up during the long housing boom has been the main resource for ordinary people financing their big - ticket - item expenses -- from college educations to consumer durables , from trading - up on the housing market to vacationing abroad .
Much of that equity , that consumer wherewithal , has suddenly vanished , and more of it soon will .
So , too , the life - lines of credit that allow all sorts of small and medium - sized businesses to function and hire people are drying up fast .
Whole communities , industries , and regional economies are in jeopardy .
All of that might be considered enough , but there 's more .
Oil , of course .
Here , the connection to Iraq is clear ; but , arguably , the wild escalation of petroleum prices might have happened anyway .
Certainly , the energy price explosion exacerbates the general economic crisis , in part by raising the costs of production all across the economy , and so abetting the forces of economic contraction .
In the same way , each increase in the price of oil further contributes to what most now agree is a nearly insupportable level in the U.S. balance of payments deficit .
That , in turn , is contributing to the steady withering away of the value of the dollar , a devaluation which then further ratchets up the price of oil ( partially to compensate holders of those petrodollars who find themselves in possession of an increasingly worthless currency ) .
As strategic countries in the Middle East and Asia grow increasingly more comfortable converting their holdings into euros or other more reliable -- which is to say , more profitable -- currencies , a speculative run on the dollar becomes a real , if scary , possibility for everyone .
Finally , it is vital to recall that this tsunami of bad business is about to wash over an already very sick economy .
While the old regime , the Reagan - Bush counterrevolution , has lived off the heady vapors of the FIRE sector , it has left in its wake a de-industrialized nation , full of super - exploited immigrants and millions of families whose earnings have suffered steady erosion .
Two wage - earners , working longer hours , are now needed to ( barely ) sustain a standard of living once earned by one .
And that does n't count the melting away of health insurance , pensions , and other forms of protection against the vicissitudes of the free market or natural calamities .
This , too , is the enduring hallmark of a political economy about to go belly - up .
This perfect storm will be upon us just as the election season heats up .
It will inevitably hasten the already well - advanced implosion of the Republican Party , which is the definitive reason 2008 will indeed qualify as a turning - point election .
Reports of defections from the conservative ascendancy have been emerging from all points on the political compass .
The Congressional elections of 2006 registered the first seismic shock of this change .
Since then , independents and moderate Republicans continue to indicate , in growing numbers in the polls , that they are leaving the Grand Old Party .
The Wall Street Journal reports on a growing loss of faith among important circles of business and finance .
Hard core religious right - wingers are airing their doubts in public .
Libertarians delight in the apostate candidacy of Ron Paul .
Conservative populist resentment of immigration runs head on into corporate elite determination to enlarge a sizeable pool of cheap labor , while Hispanics head back to the Democratic Party in droves .
Even the Republican Party 's own elected officials are engaged in a mass movement to retire .
All signs are ominous .
The credibility and legitimacy of the old order operate now at a steep discount .
Most telling and fatal perhaps is the paralysis spreading into the inner councils at the top .
Faced with dire predicaments both at home and abroad , they essentially do nothing except rattle those sabers , captives of their own now - bankrupt ideology .
Anything , many will decide , is better than this .
Or will they ?
What if the opposition is vacillating , incoherent , and weak - willed -- labels critics have reasonably pinned on the Democrats ?
Bad as that undoubtedly is , I do n't think it will matter , not in the short run at least .
Take the presidential campaign of 1932 as an instructive example .
The crisis of the Great Depression was systemic , but the response of the Democratic Party and its candidate Franklin Delano Roosevelt -- though few remember this now -- was hardly daring .
In many ways , it was not very different from that of Republican President Herbert Hoover ; nor was there a great deal of militant opposition in the streets , not in 1932 anyway , hardly more than the woeful degree of organized mass resistance we see today despite all the Bush administration 's provocations .
Yet the New Deal followed .
And not only the New Deal , but an era of social protest , including labor , racial , and farmer insurgencies , without which there would have been no New Deal or Great Society .
May something analogous happen in the years ahead ?
No one can know .
But a door is about to open .
Steve Fraser is a writer and editor , as well as the co-founder of the American Empire Project .
He is the author of Every Man a Speculator : A History of Wall Street in American Life .
His latest book , Wall Street : America 's Dream Palace , will be published by Yale University Press in March 2008 .
Copyright 2007 Steve Fraser
_______
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - A U.S. man was sentenced to five months in jail after he and a friend , acting on wounded pride , gunned down an ostrich that had kicked them as their female companions laughed , a newspaper reported on Saturday .
“ This whole thing is about male pride , ” prosecutor Steve Wagstaffe said , according to the San Francisco Chronicle .
The powerful flightless bird , named Gaylord , kicked Timothy McKevitt , 19 , and Jonathon Porter , 21 , last October when they trespassed on an ostrich ranch south of San Francisco after a night of drinking , the paper cited attorneys as saying .
As the startled bird attacked , the women began to laugh , prosecutors said .
McKevitt was kicked in the ribs and knocked over , while Porter suffered scrapes and bruises .
The two men returned with a rifle and shotgun seeking revenge , the Chronicle said .
They fired at least seven shots at Gaylord , according to a police report .
McKevitt , free on bail , was ordered to turn himself in on November 3 .
Porter was sentenced in March to seven months in jail after pleading no contest in the ostrich killing , the paper reported .
Click to viewLive from the Panasonic keynote , the 150 - Inch plasma 's first details are here , along with blurry shots :
• 2 k x 4 k res , 4 x the res of 1080
p
• 50 % less power use via double luminance efficiency — big deal on a set this big .
• You can't afford this .
More details from an interview with Panasonic :
Advertisement
Video : 150 - Inch Panasonic Plasma Looks Even Bigger Up Close Panasonic finally raised the curtain on their 150 - inch Plasma , and its a beauty .
Panasonic did a… Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Speaking with an engineer from Panny 's Japan TV operations , who revealed a few more bits :
• It 's 220 volts , so even if you stole it , you could n't use it in your grand American home .
Gary Merson knows more about the power consumption issues , and we 'll link to his future story .
• The hardest thing about building a 150 - inch TV over a 103 - inch TV was the 2160x4096 pixel count on this monster .
And the glass is twice as much surface area , so it requires a higher quality piece of glass to be strong enough ( and no , it is not thinner ) .
• No word on contrast ratios , brightness , or weight .
I will find out , though
Advertisement
That relatively itty bitty man next to the HDTV is the Panasonic president , and he must either be thinking " I want to lick my TV " or " Sharp sucks . "
Or both .
The screen , at 16:9 ratio , has 9606.45 square inches , compared with 4977.89 square inches on Sharp 's now dethroned king , the 108 - inch LCD .
Sizemodo between the loser , winner , a standard door , and a queen sized bed :
Advertisement
• Home hearth UI lets you to add a fireplace , windows , and wallpaper , etc .
Your TV is now your wall , which is cool and sad .
• You can get video calls and use some apps ( assuming you 'd have a camera or something ) .
More details coming shortly .
[ Sizeasy ]
By Dan Newling
Last updated at 20:40 13 August 2007
Less than a year ago he stood chastened as the
Dragons '
Den judges gave him a typically fiery dressing down .
Now inventor Rob Law is having the last laugh after a product rejected as ' worthless ' on the BBC television programme for budding entrepreneurs has proved a huge commercial hit .
Mr Law , 29 , from Bath , spent 11 years - and £ 17,000 of his own money - refining his design for a wheelie suitcase which doubles up as a child 's ride - on toy .
Scroll down for more ...
The plastic Trunki case is designed to allow youngsters aged three to six to take their own bag on holiday - and to sit on it when they are tired .
But when Mr Law appeared on Dragons ' Den last September , he was given short shrift by the famously stern panel of investors .
Businessman Theo Paphitis , chair - man of the Ryman chain of stationers , ridiculed the product after managing to pull off one of the straps .
His colleague Deborah Meadon , head of a holiday firm , declared bluntly that there was no market for the case .
And the notoriously brusque tele - communications tycoon Peter Jones declared : " I meet people like you all the time - you think you have something .
I tell you , you do n't . "
He added : " Within seven days I could do a better job than that .
Your company is currently worthless . "
The panel declined Mr Law 's offer to give up 10 per cent of his fledgling company in return for a £ 100,000 investment - an offer which valued the firm at £ 1 million .
However , it now appears that the experts missed a valuable trick .
After a succession of positive press reviews , Mr Law has sold 85,000 of his Trunki suitcases .
It is marketed in 22 countries via a network of distributors .
Retailing at £ 25 , it is one of the top - selling luggage items at John Lewis department stores and has proved a hit at Mothercare , Fenwick and Debenhams .
Yesterday , Mr Law said : " When I went on to the programme I was full of confidence that I was going to get the investment I needed .
" But they ripped me to shreds - I was absolutely gutted .
They were rude and obnoxious and just focused on the strap , which was actually something that was quite easily fixed .
" I was terrified that by appearing on the programme I may have ruined my company before it had even started .
But afterwards we had loads of hits on the website from people who said they thought it was a brilliant idea .
" Now I am absolutely delighted to have proved the Dragons wrong .
It just goes to show you should never give up . "
Mr Law also revealed that during filming he managed to sell two of the suitcases to Australian panellist Richard Farleigh , who wanted to invest £ 100,000 in return for half of the company .
But Mr Law rejected the deal .
He declined to say exactly how much the company - which is 100 per cent owned by him - is now worth , but said that it was more than £ 1 million .
The Florida Board of Education officially upheld evolution yesterday .
The board did n't quite mean to do that , of course .
In a 4 - 3 vote , the Board accepted a proposed curriculum that replaced all references to evolution with the phrase " the scientific theory of evolution . "
In so doing , the board inadvertently made evolution central to public school science education , and also , almost incidentally , mandated education on just what constitutes a " scientific theory . "
Until now , Florida 's schools were n't required to teach evolution .
The old curriculum guidelines did n't even mention it by name .
That state education officials would approve the new standards was not a foregone conclusion .
Since last November , 12 county school boards passed resolutions calling for classroom evolution to be balanced by " alternatives " – a polite euphemism for religiously orthodox explanations of life .
The resolutions were non-binding , but raised fears that that the Board of Education would try to duck controversy by diluting the new standards .
Apart from being illegal , teaching creationism as science is a very bad idea .
Students may not be permanently scarred by failing to learn about evolution at an early age – though the National Academy of Science would surely disagree – but , they 're bound to be stunted if told that evolution and creationism are even remotely equivalent in any scientific sense .
Yesterday 's decision is thus great news for Florida – and perhaps for the nation .
Had Florida backed down , Texas – where a pro-evolution science education official was fired last year , and a curriculum revision is scheduled later this year – might have followed suit .
Together they exert enough purchasing power to drag the nation 's textbook manufacturers with them , science be damned .
The 4 - 3 vote was obtained by including a last - minute wording change to the standards .
Suggested by the state 's education commissioner after he realized that the original version would n't pass , it required that the curriculum 's references to " evolution " be replaced by the " scientific theory of evolution . "
Linda Calloway , who 'd publicly opposed the original version in months leading up to the vote , ended up a supporter .
The amendment 's supporters called the language change a victory – and it is , though not in the way they imagine .
Not only will Florida 's students learn about evolution ; they 'll also learn that the scientific definition of a theory is different from the everyday definition , referring not to wild - eyed speculation but to a vast body of observation and testing that confirms a hypothesis so strongly that it might as well be considered fact .
A big thank - you , then , to religious critics of evolution education .
The language change will better help Florida 's children understand not only evolution , but science itself .
( If only this USA Today headline writer had the same education . )
Is n't democracy grand ?
Note : People interested in how religious and scientific beliefs need not conflict should check out my Q&A with evangelical theologist Michael Dowd .
* Note Two : I originally reported that the wording changes were known as the " academic freedom proposal . "
That actually referred to a separate amendment that was rejected by the Board . *
Decision : Florida schools must teach evolution [ Palm Beach Post ]
Evolution joins curriculum [ St. Petersburg Times ]
Image : T. Willard Fair , chair of the Florida Board of Education , cast the tie - breaking vote in yesterday 's decision .
See Also :
Berkeley Lab scientists have developed a polymer membrane that becomes wetter as the temperature of the surrounding air increases .
This one - of - a - kind material — as unlikely as clothes that come out of the dryer wetter than when they went in — has the potential to increase the efficiency of polymer electrolyte fuel cells , which are being developed as a nonpolluting way to power cars and other applications .
Transmission electron microscope images of the water - filled channels , which appear dark , in two block copolymer membranes .
Block copolymers consist of layers of two kinds of polymer , one that attracts water and one that repels it .
Channels in the block membrane on left are 2.5 nanometers thick ; those on right are 4.7 nanometers thick .
Schematics show architecture of the water - filled channels in the two hydrated block membranes .
" This is the first polymer membrane to increase its moisture uptake from the surrounding air as the temperature elevates , at equilibrium , " says Nitash Balsara , a polymer physicist with Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division and UC Berkeley 's Department of Chemical Engineering who led the research team that developed the material .
Other polymer membranes become drier when heated , a phenomenon seemingly as dependable as the sun rising in the east .
But the polymer developed by Berkeley Lab scientists does the opposite .
It sponges up more moisture from its immediate environment as the temperature rises and the relative humidity remains constant .
With this unique property , the polymer could overcome a limitation common to polymer electrolyte fuel cells , which lose water as the temperature increases , and subsequently suffer a decrease in proton conductivity .
" This is a big barrier because fuel cells become more efficient at higher temperatures , so they require a polymer membrane that also operates at higher temperatures , " says Balsara .
The secret to the polymer 's oddball performance is its nanoscale construction .
It 's packed with water - loving pores that only measure five nanometers wide or less ( one nanometer is one - billionth of a meter ) .
For reasons not entirely understood , these extremely small pores continue to grab moisture from the air even as the thermometer rises above 90 degrees Celsius , a temperature well above the point at which other polymers stop working .
Balsara and his colleagues began developing the polymer several years ago , when they set out to fabricate a material that simply dries more slowly than usual .
They hoped to capitalize on a phenomenon called capillary condensation , in which liquids spontaneously sequester inside porous materials .
Scientists have known for more than 200 years that capillary condensation increases the boiling point of water adsorbed in water - loving ( or hydrophilic ) pores because there is more surface per unit volume to attract water molecules .
In essence , the smaller the pore , the less it 's willing to relinquish its moisture as the temperature rises .
" I believed that this well - known process could be harnessed to keep water in polymer membranes , the same way the process works in nature , like in rocks , " says Balsara .
But what happens when pores approach the nanoscale ?
Do they hold on to moisture even more tightly ?
To find out , Balsara 's team conducted back - of - the - envelope calculations .
" Things got interesting as the pores approached 5 nanometers in width , and below that , things got really interesting , " says Balsara .
Specifically , they determined that the pressure in a pore dropped dramatically when its width is less than 5 nanometers .
At this scale , pores were reluctant to give up their moisture even as the temperature increased .
To test this tantalizing result , the scientists synthesized a slew of two - phased block copolymers , so - named because they are composed of two polymers , one that repels water and another that attracts water .
The hydrophilic channels in the polymers measured between two and 40 nanometers in width .
Transmission electron microscopy was used to image and measure the polymers ' hydrophilic channels in the presence of water .
True to the scientists ' initial calculations , polymers with hydrophilic channels less than five nanometers wide exhibited increased water uptake , even as temperatures approached 90 degrees Celsius .
These polymers also exhibited increased proton conductivity as the temperature rose .
Nitash Balsara led the research team that developed a polymer membrane that gets wetter as the surrounding air gets hotter .
" Our work demonstrates that the capacity of a membrane to hold water can be affected by organizing them into extremely small channels , " Balsara says .
" And this is the smallest channel size in any block copolymer system ever made . "
Balsara can't explain why their specially developed polymers behave the way they do .
Indeed , they seem to run counter to the way the world works : on the macroscopic scale , materials dry when heated .
But strange things happen at the nanoscale , and this could such an example .
" We may be tapping into a nanoscale effect that we are yet not aware of , " Balsara says .
" The channels are approaching length scales in which they 're still larger than a water molecule , but not that much larger , and this could impact how the channels retain water . "
Next , Balsara hopes to optimize the mechanical properties of the polymer membranes so that they 're robust enough to survive in a fuel cell , which harness hydrogen to produce electricity without yielding greenhouse gasses and other pollutants .
Their work also heralds a new method for controlling the moisture content of nanoscale materials in general , which promises to have many applications in the burgeoning field of nanotechnology .
" We did this by coupling capillary condensation with membrane physics , " says Balsara .
" This enabled us to build a polymer that does much more than slow evaporation ; it increases moisture uptake . "
The work was spearheaded by Moon Jeong Park of Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences and UC Berkeley 's Department of Chemical Engineering , who synthesized and characterized the polymer membranes .
Ken Downing of Berkeley Lab's Life Sciences Division and Andrew Minor of Berkeley Lab's National Center for Electron Microscopy facilitated the electron microscopy work .
The research was funded by the Department of Energy .
Additional information " Increased water retention in polymer electrolyte membranes at elevated temperatures assisted by capillary condensation , " by Moon Jeong Park , Kenneth H. Downing , Andrew Jackson , Enrique D. Gomez , Andrew M. Minor , David Cookson , Adam Z. Weber , and Nitash P. Balsara , appeared in the October 26 , 2007 online version of Nano Letters and is available to subscribers .
More about Nitash Balsara 's research
More about Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division
By Helen Briggs
Science reporter , BBC News , Boston
HIV has evolved to protect itself from the human immune system
Professor David Baltimore , president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , said there was little hope among scientists .
But he said that they were continuing efforts to develop a vaccine .
" Our lack of success may be understandable but it is not acceptable , " he said .
" Some years ago I came to the conclusion that our community had to seriously undertake new approaches or we might find ourselves with a worldwide epidemic and no effective response , " Prof Baltimore told the annual meeting of the AAAS in Boston .
" That is just where we are today . "
I believe that HIV has found ways to totally fool the immune system - so we have to do one better than nature
Professor David Baltimore
Is HIV beating the scientists ?
HIV had evolved a way to protect itself from the human immune system , he said .
" This is a huge challenge because to control HIV immunologically the scientific community has to beat out nature , do something that nature , with its advantage of four billion years of evolution , has not been able to do , " Prof Baltimore said .
" I believe that HIV has found ways to totally fool the immune system .
" So we have to do one better than nature . "
' One shot '
Attempts to control the virus through antibodies or by boosting the body 's immune system have ended in failure .
This has left the vaccine community depressed because they can see no hopeful way of success , Prof Baltimore said .
Among the novel techniques that scientists are turning to are gene and stem cell therapy , although these are still in their infancy .
" In the human you really only have one shot which is to try to change genes in stem cells , " said Prof Baltimore , one of the leading experts on the HIV virus .
" So we 're trying to do that , to design vectors that can carry genes that will be of therapeutic advantage . "
Prof Baltimore won the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1975 for the co-discovery of reverse transcriptase , an enzyme that was later found to be used by HIV to replicate in human cells .
He now leads the Baltimore laboratory at Caltech , with support from the Gates Foundation , to look for ways to genetically boost the immune system against infectious agents , particularly HIV .
A jury at Bradford Crown Court heard a boy aged five was forced to perform a sex act on the older boy , in return for being allowed to play on a trampoline .
The boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , has been cleared of similar charges against an eight - year - old .
He will be placed on the Sex Offenders Register and sentenced on 28 March .
The incident happened last August .
The Crown Prosecution Service said it believed the 12 - year - old boy was the youngest person to be convicted of rape in West Yorkshire .
Neil Franklin , chief crown prosecutor for West Yorkshire , said : " Any case where the perpetrator and victim are both children will always involve extremely difficult decisions and very careful judgement on the part of prosecutors , particularly where there is evidence of a sexual crime .
" We are satisfied that the right decisions were taken in dealing with this case . "
A candle burns at Powazki cemetery in Warsaw three days before All Saints day October 28 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Peter Andrews
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Red tape is preventing a Polish man from returning from the dead .
Piotr Kucy , 38 and from the city of Polkowice in southwest Poland , was wrongly identified by authorities last August as a drowned man , only to show up a few days after his own funeral .
Despite pointing out the fact that he was alive to government officials , Kucy still remains dead in official records , stopping him from working and paying social insurance .
But on the bright side , a local newspaper reported on Tuesday , he no longer needs to pay taxes .
“ We are nearly through January , and my documents still say I ’m dead , ” Kucy told Gazeta Wyborcza , adding : “ It ’s a bit of a joke . ”
But a registry office official was adamant about the situation .
“ This citizen does not exist , ” she told the paper .
Entrepreneur Richard Branson on Wednesday unveiled a model of the spaceship he hoped would be the first to take paying passengers into space on a regular basis as soon as next year .
Branson , whose Virgin Galactic is charging $ 200,000 for a short trip into space , said his SpaceShipTwo would start test flights this year .
“ We really do want to have a situation where hundreds of thousands of people who want to experience space travel are able to do so , ” said Branson at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan .
Virgin Galactic , part of Branson ’s airline , vacation and retail company Virgin Group , now has more than 200 people signed up for the ultimate sightseeing trip , putting up more than $ 30 million in deposits .
Advertisement
Passengers getting ready for the trip include physicist Stephen Hawking , former soap star Victoria Principal and designer Philippe Starck .
Suborbital spaceflight is the easiest and briefest form of space travel , in which the spacecraft technically reaches space -- about 62 miles above sea level -- but then falls back to Earth without completing a revolution of the planet .
About 100 of Virgin ’s reserved passengers attended Wednesday ’s unveiling to get the first glimpse of the spacecraft ’s design .
“ It ’s like something out of ‘ Thunderbirds , ’ ” said Trevor Beattie , a British advertising executive , referring to the 1960s TV series .
“ It ’s what we as kids in the 1960s thought the future would be like . ”
Advertisement
The space trips , from a launching pad to be built in New Mexico , should take about 2 1 / 2 hours , with about five minutes of weightlessness .
The Abisan strike inflicted one of the highest tolls from such attacks
Seven Hamas men died in an air strike in southern Gaza and two others were shot near the Gaza - Egypt border .
Hamas officials said the seven men were holding afternoon prayers at a security compound when the missile struck .
The Dimona suicide attack , in which a woman and two bombers died , would be Hamas 's first inside Israel since 2004 .
However , there remains confusion about the identity of the bombers , after rival groups claimed the attack in the hours afterwards .
Hamas said the attackers came from the West Bank city of Hebron .
Its main militant rival , the al - Aqsa Martyrs , said they had come from Gaza , whose closed border near Rafah was breached on 23 January , prompting Israeli fears of infiltration by Palestinian militants via Egypt .
One of the bombers was injured when his accomplice detonated his bomb in what appeared to have been intended as a co-ordinated attack .
An Israeli army spokesman said Tuesday 's air strike in Abisan , near Rafah , was in response to rocket attacks that hit the southern Israeli town of Sderot earlier .
More rockets followed the air strike , and Hamas vowed to take further action .
" This blood will not be shed in vain ; this crime will not go unanswered and the Israeli occupation will pay a heavy price , " Sami Abu Zuhri said in remarks quoted by AFP .
Hamas - de facto controllers of Gaza - oppose Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's peace talks with Israel .
Top Israeli and Palestinian negotiators who met after the Dimona bombing said their efforts would continue regardless of the attack .
Meanwhile , a senior member of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's Kadima party , Tzachi Hanegbi , urged the government to revive the tactic of assassinating Hamas political leaders , in addition to strikes against armed elements .
Israel is on high alert after Monday 's bombing , with special emphasis on the long and unmarked desert border with Egypt .
The adventurers had been at sea for 62 days
The arrival
The 62 - day , 3,300 km ( 2,050 - mile ) journey from New South Wales did not go exactly to plan .
Strong winds and tides meant James Castrission , 25 , and Justin Jones , 25 , were swept in huge circles , and had to abandon hopes of reaching Auckland .
Instead , they landed at New Plymouth in the west of New Zealand , greeted by a fleet of Maori canoes and a beer each .
" NZ , thank you , thank you , you guys rock , " said Jones , acknowledging the 2,000 - strong crowd which gathered at Ngamotu Beach to welcome the pair .
" This is bloody strange , but I am liking this feeling , " he added , as he downed the beer .
Too rough
Castrission described the final leg of their journey as " absolutely mind - blowing " .
" From when we saw [ Mount ] Taranaki 114 km out to sea , all the way in , we 've just been buzzing , " he said .
The pair 's specially - designed kayak was hit by powerful winds as it crossed the Tasman Sea , forcing them to spend three weeks longer than planned at sea .
That meant the record attempt became not just a test of endurance but a matter of survival , with their food supplies and energy reserves dwindling , says the BBC's Nick Bryant in Sydney .
Some days they stayed inside the kayak 's tiny cabin and put out a sea anchor , when the conditions were too rough for effective paddling .
The Australians celebrated their feat with beer and Waltzing Matilda
Their transponder - to warn larger ships of their presence - stopped working in early December , and they were reduced to tiny navigation lights at night .
The two adventurers were a little unsteady on their feet when they came ashore , our correspondent says .
Their leg muscles are thought to have deteriorated over the past two months because of inactivity - but otherwise they looked and sounded in good shape .
Castrission and Jones paid tribute to another Australian kayaker , Andrew McAuley , 39 , who disappeared while attempting the same crossing solo last February .
His kayak was later found , but his body was never recovered ; his camera showed that he had come within sight of New Zealand before he vanished .
" We have only got a small , small idea of what Andrew went through out there , " said Castrission .
" Some nights when we were out there , we had each other to hold through the difficult moments . "
After a celebratory chorus of Waltzing Matilda , the pair were taken for medical checks .
“ The people in City Hall were naïve and they were manipulated , ” said Paal Droenen , who was buying fish at a market across the street from the mayor ’s office .
“ The fund guys were telling them tales , like , ‘ This could happen to you . ’
It ’s a catastrophe for a small town like this . ”
Now , the towns are considering legal action against the Norwegian brokerage company , Terra Securities , that sold them the investments .
They allege that they were duped by Terra ’s brokers , who did not warn them that these types of securities were risky and subject to being cashed out , at a loss , if their market price fell below a certain level .
“ When you sell something that is not what you say it is , that is a lie , ” Ms. Kuvaas said .
She disputed the suggestion that people here lacked the sophistication to understand what they were buying .
“ We ’re not especially stupid because we live so far in the north , ” she said .
Norway ’s financial regulator agreed that the brokers had misled the towns , and it revoked the license of Terra Securities , prompting the company to file for bankruptcy .
But the company ’s parent , Terra Group , which is in turn owned by 78 savings banks and remains in business , rejected calls for it to compensate the towns .
A spokesman for the group said it too had taken a hit from the episode .
Norway ’s finance minister , Kristin Halvorsen , has ruled out the possibility of a state bailout , and Citigroup , which announced Thursday that it would shut down one of the money - losing investments Narvik bought , said it had no legal obligation to step in .
At City Hall , the stark reality of the situation is starting to set in .
Narvik ’s chief administrator , Trond L. Hermansen , figures he may recoup half of the town ’s $ 9.4 million investment in the defunct Citigroup product — a package of securities linked to municipal bonds in the United States .
Those securities declined in value after the market for bonds dried up .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh had a simple philosophy for producing good work -- “ you have to eat well , be well housed , have a screw from time to time , smoke your pipe and drink your coffee in peace . ”
That advice to French artist and poet Emile Bernard in 1888 is from one of 20 letters the painter wrote to his younger counterpart between 1887 and 1889 and displayed at New York ’s Morgan Library and Museum starting on Friday .
“ Art is long and life is short , and we must wait patiently while trying to sell our skin dearly , ” wrote van Gogh , whose paintings now sell for tens of millions of dollars .
His “ Portrait of Dr. Gachet ” sold in 1990 for $ 82.5 million , making it one of the most expensive pieces of art to be auctioned .
The letters were written in French and an English translation was provided by the museum .
Famed for his powerful use of color and coarse brushwork , Van Gogh also writes about his health problems after he was committed to an asylum in Saint - Remy , France , suffering from mental illness .
He eventually committed suicide in 1890 .
“ If I have n’t written for a long time , it ’s because , having to struggle against my illness and to calm my head , I hardly felt like having discussions , and found danger in these abstractions , ” he wrote in November 1889 .
“ Here ’s a description of a canvas that I have in front of me at the moment .
A view of the garden of the asylum where I am , in the right a gray terrace , a section of house , some rosebushes that have lost their flowers ; on the left , the earth of the garden -- red ocher -- earth burnt by the sun , covered in fallen pine twigs , ” he wrote .
Most of his letters were signed “ Ever yours , Vincent . ”
Jennifer Tonkovich , curator of The Morgan Library and Museum ’s drawings and paintings , said the exhibit marked the first time in nearly 70 years that the letters would be seen publicly .
They are the largest collection of letters by the painter outside the van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam .
“ They are among the most frank , honest and exciting and open letters that van Gogh ever wrote because they were written during the height of his creativity to another artist who was much younger so in no way intimidating , ” she said .
She said collectors Eugene and Clare Thaw own 19 of the letters , but have made them a promised gift to the Morgan .
“ The letters tell us so much about him , everything from what it was like to physically be him , his problems with health and diet , his philosophies about sexual activity and his religious beliefs , ” Tonkovich said .
The letters will be on display until January .
Last week , Ask.com announced a feature called AskEraser ( good description here ) , which erases a user ’s search history .
While it ’s great to see companies using privacy features for competitive advantage , EPIC examined the feature and wrote to the company with some problems :
The first one is the fact that AskEraser uses an opt - out cookie .
Cookies are bits of software left on a consumer ’s computer that are used to authenticate the user and maintain information such as the user ’s site preferences .
Usually , people concerned with privacy delete cookies , so creating an opt - out cookie is “ counter - intuitive , ” the letter states .
Once the AskEraser opt - out cookie is deleted , the privacy setting is lost and the consumer ’s search activity will be tracked .
Why not have an opt - in cookie instead , the letter suggests .
The second problem is that Ask inserts the exact time that the user enables AskEraser and stores it in the cookie , which could make identifying the computer easier and make it easy for third - party tracking if the cookie were transferred to such parties .
The letter recommends using a session cookie that expires once the search result is returned .
Ask ’s Frequently Asked Questions for the feature notes that there may be circumstances when Ask is required to comply with a court order and if asked to , it will retain the consumer ’s search data even if AskEraser appears to be turned on .
Ask should notify consumers when the feature has been disabled so that people are not misled into thinking their searches are n’t being tracked when they actually are , the letter said .
Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama squared off in Maryland and D.C. Obama sweeps Potomac primary
Barack Obama won the Virginia primary Tuesday , and also scored long - anticipated victories in Maryland and the District of Columbia - a triple play that keeps his momentum rolling and throws Hillary Rodham Clinton further on the defensive .
Obama , who stretched his streak of consecutive victories over Clinton to eight , also emerged for the first time as the Democratic delegate leader .
A count by the Associated Press showed him leading Clinton by a 1,186 to 1,181 margin Both are far from the 2,025 needed to win the nomination .
Advertisement
Turnout was high throughout the region as voters went to the polls in chilly temperatures and a gathering glaze of sleet and rain .
A Maryland judge extended voting statewide for 90 minutes - until 9:30 p.m. - because of traffic problems caused by bad weather .
Returns from D.C. also also were delayed .
Republicans also had contests in all three localities , with Arizona Sen .
John McCain hoping to brush back a recent surge by his chief remaining rival , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee .
McCain , after trailing Huckabee in early returns , won in Virginia and also triumphed handily in Maryland and D.C .
Huckabee " certainly keeps things interesting , a little too interesting at times tonight , I must confess , " McCain told supporters in Virginia . "
We have come a long way in this campaign , and we have had our ups and downs .
But as luck , that product of opportunity and industry , would have it , we are approaching the end of the first half of this election on quite an upswing . "
Obama won decisive victories in all three primaries ; his campaign pointed out that with nearly all the vote counted in Virginia , he was more than 1,000,000 votes ahead of all Republicans combined .
He appeared exultant when he addressed supporters in Madison , Wis .
" Today , the change we seek swept through the Chesapeake and over the Potomac , " Obama said .
“ The cynics can no longer say our hope is false ; we have won east and west , north and south . "
Clinton , meanwhile , has endured a week of blaring headlines over her losses , the departure of campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle and her admission that she lent her campaign $ 5 million of her own money .
Another top Clinton staffer , deputy campaign manager Mike Henry , resigned on Tuesday .
Clinton was already looking ahead to March 4 contests in Ohio and Texas as her best way to slow Obama ’s momentum .
She spent the day doing satellite interviews with 10 television stations in Texas , Ohio and Wisconsin before heading to an election night rally in El Paso , Texas .
" I 'm tested , I 'm ready , let 's make it happen , " she told a cheering crowd .
Colbert :
No matter what , ' the president gets to do what he wants ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday June 21 , 2007 Print This Email This Stephen Colbert commented Wednesday on the 4th Circuit Court 's recent ruling that President Bush cannot " indefinitely detain civilians , even if he calls them ' enemy combatants . ' "
" I can agree with this ruling and support the president , " Colbert commented , " because I support his ability to ignore this ruling .
He has to .
You see , our enemies are n't respecting the law of war , so the president can't respect any laws . "
" The president gets to do what he wants , " continued Colbert .
" After all , you really think the Justice Department is going to enforce this decision ?
Not as long as Alberto Gonzales is in charge , and he's not going anywhere , because the president gets to do what he wants .
...
The Democrats do get to claim a clear moral victory , and that 's all they want .
After all , Speaker Pelosi is on record saying impeachment 's off the table . "
Colbert then showed a clip of Presidential Press Secretary Tony Snow saying , " The executive branch is under no compulsiion to testify to Congress because Congress , in fact , does n't have oversight abilities . "
" That opinion might , quote , ' slightly alter ' the Constitutional foundations of our republic , " stated Colbert .
" But the president gets to do what he wants . "
The following video is from Comedy Channel 's Colbert Report , broadcast on June 20 .
Big enough to undermine the idea of creation but simple enough to be stated in a sentence , the theory of natural selection is a masterpiece , writes Richard Dawkins
Charles Darwin had a big idea , arguably the most powerful idea ever .
And like all the best ideas it is beguilingly simple .
In fact , it is so staggeringly elementary , so blindingly obvious that although others before him tinkered nearby , nobody thought to look for it in the right place .
Darwin had plenty of other good ideas - for example his ingenious and largely correct theory of how coral reefs form - but it is his big idea of natural selection , published in On the Origin of Species , that gave biology its guiding principle , a governing law that helps the rest make sense .
Understanding its cold , beautiful logic is a must .
Natural selection 's explanatory power is not just about life on this planet : it is the only theory so far suggested that could , even in principle , explain life on any planet .
If life exists elsewhere in the universe - and my tentative bet is that it does - some version of evolution by natural selection will almost certainly turn out to underlie its existence .
Darwin's theory works equally well no matter how strange and alien and weird that extraterrestrial life may be - and my tentative bet is that it will be weird beyond imagining .
Explanation ratio
But what makes natural selection so special ?
A powerful idea assumes little to explain much .
It does lots of explanatory " heavy lifting " , while expending little in the way of assumptions or postulations .
It gives you plenty of bangs for your explanatory buck .
Its Explanation Ratio - what it explains , divided by what it needs to assume in order to do the explaining - is large .
If any reader knows of an idea that has a larger explanation ratio than Darwin's , let 's hear it .
Darwin's big idea explains all of life and its consequences , and that means everything that possesses more than minimal complexity .
That 's the numerator of the explanation ratio , and it is huge .
Yet the denominator in the explanatory equation is spectacularly small and simple : natural selection , the non-random survival of genes in gene pools ( to put it in neo - Darwinian terms rather than Darwin 's own ) .
You can pare Darwin 's big idea down to a single sentence ( again , this is a modern way of putting it , not quite Darwin's ) : " Given sufficient time , the non-random survival of hereditary entities ( which occasionally miscopy ) will generate complexity , diversity , beauty , and an illusion of design so persuasive that it is almost impossible to distinguish from deliberate intelligent design . "
I have put " which occasionally miscopy " in brackets because mistakes are inevitable in any copying process .
We do n't need to add mutation to our assumptions .
Mutational " bucks " are provided free .
" Given sufficient time " is not a problem either - except for human minds struggling to take on board the terrifying magnitude of geological time .
A certain kind of mind
It is mainly its power to simulate the illusion of design that makes Darwin 's big idea seem threatening to a certain kind of mind .
The same power constitutes the most formidable barrier to understanding it .
People are naturally incredulous that anything so simple could explain so much .
To a naive observer of the wondrous complexity of life , it just must have been intelligently designed .
But intelligent design ( ID ) is the polar opposite of a powerful theory : its explanation ratio is pathetic .
The numerator is the same as Darwin's : everything we know about life and its prodigious complexity .
But the denominator , far from Darwin 's pristine and minimalist simplicity , is at least as big as the numerator itself : an unexplained intelligence big enough to be capable of designing all the complexity we are trying to explain in the first place !
Here may lie the answer to a nagging puzzle in the history of ideas .
After Newton 's brilliant synthesis of physics , why did it take nearly 200 years for Darwin to arrive on the scene ?
Newton 's achievement seems so much harder !
Maybe the answer is that Darwin 's eventual solution to the riddle of life is so apparently facile .
Claims to priority were made on behalf of others , and by Patrick Matthew in the appendix to his work On Naval Timber , as was punctiliously acknowledged by Darwin in later editions of the Origin .
However , although Matthew understood the principle of natural selection , it is not clear that he understood its power .
Unlike Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace , who hit on natural selection independently , prompting Darwin to publish his theory , Matthew seems to have seen selection as a purely negative , weeding - out force , not the driving force of all life .
Indeed , he thought natural selection so obvious as to need no positive discovery at all .
Garbled versions
Although Darwin's theory can be applied to much beyond the evolution of organic life , I want to counsel against a different sense of Universal Darwinism .
This is the uncritical dragging of some garbled version of natural selection into every available field of human discourse , whether it is appropriate or not .
Maybe the " fittest " firms survive in the marketplace of commerce , or the fittest theories survive in the scientific marketplace , but we should at very least be cautious before we get carried away .
And of course there was Social Darwinism , culminating in the obscenity of Hitlerism .
Less obnoxious but still intellectually unhelpful is the loose and uncritical way in which amateur biologists apply selection at inappropriate levels in the hierarchy of life .
" Survival of the fittest species , extinction of poorly adapted species " sounds superficially like natural selection , but the apparent resemblance is positively misleading .
As Darwin himself was at pains to point out , natural selection is all about differential survival within species , not between them .
I 'll end on a subtler legacy of Darwin 's big idea .
Darwin raises our consciousness to the sinewy power of science to explain the large and complex in terms of the small and simple .
In biology we were fooled for centuries into thinking that extravagant complexity in nature needs an extravagantly complex explanation .
Darwin triumphantly dispelled that delusion .
There remain deep questions , in physics and cosmology , that await their Darwin .
Why are the laws of physics the way they are ?
Why are there laws at all ?
Why is there a universe at all ?
Once again , the lure of " design " is tempting .
But we have the cautionary tale of Darwin before us .
We 've been through all that before .
Darwin emboldens us - difficult as it is - to seek genuine explanations : explanations that explain more than they postulate .
Richard Dawkin FRS is the Charles Simonyi Professor of the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford .
His latest book is The God Delusion
By Martin Bosworth
The headline says it all … threatened with a filibuster and after eight hours of angry , eloquent debate on the vileness of supporting warrantless wiretapping and amnesty for lawbreaking telecom companies , Harry Reid has pulled the FISA reauthorization from the calendar for this Congressional session .
Make no mistake –this bill will be back next year .
Protection for AT&T and Verizon is too high a priority for Bush , Mike McConnell , and the other enablers like Harry Reid .
But the battlefield will be very different next time around .
Next time the momentum will be on the side of Chris Dodd , Russ Feingold , the ten Democratic Senators who voted against cloture , the many committed bloggers and activists who rallied the forces , and the thousands of committed Americans who wrote , sent e-mails , signed petitions , and made phone calls to stop this travesty of justice from becoming law .
Plus , Clinton , Obama , and Biden–all of whom pledged to support Dodd–will have seen how much of a bounce this gave him , and will want a piece of that action .
If even one of them joins the next filibuster , that will mess up the Senatorial calendar something fierce and screw Reid ’s day .
Imagine how much fun it ’ll be to have a superhuman orator like Barack Obama up there railing against telecom immunity , then imagine being Harry Reid at that moment .
Would n’t want to be that guy .
Chris Dodd pledged to give his last breath–to speak until he could speak no longer –to remind a corrupt , complacent Congress that America believes in the rule of law , in due process , in accountability for crimes committed , and in the idea that we do not adopt the tactics of our foes to beat them .
We believe in the Constitution .
We believe that our country has to stand for something better .
And he came through .
It ’s not just him , though .
It ’s Matt Browner - Hamlin and Tim Tagaris from Dodd ’s team .
It ’s the peerless Glenn Greenwald and Christy Hardin Smith , who were on this train from the beginning .
It ’s the literally tens–hundreds of thousands of people who wrote , sent e-mails , called , faxed , and made their voices heard .
It ’s the 23 - year - old new voter who raged eloquently and fiercely against an indolent , failing , crippled government that abets elite privilege and tries to squash dissent .
In other words , it ’s you and I .
The “ 300 ” motif I keep using is cliche , yes , but accurate .
Just like the Spartans ( and a few thousand Greeks ) holding the line against the hordes of Darius because of a carefully chosen battleground , we held back a vastly superior force , emboldened by a worthless media and millions of lobby dollars .
There will most certainly be a next round , and we may not win .
But each and every time they bring this back , we ’ll be there to fight .
And we ’ll make sure they know how we feel , again and again .
By By David Silverberg Feb 25 , 2008 in Internet A new social network launched by the UK ’s Financial Times is targeting top - level executives who want to stay in touch with fellow business friends at the price of a $ 3,300 a year .
Another fly in the ointment is the site ’s incompatibility with the Firefox browser .
Digital Journal —
It ’s all well and good for media companies to jump on board the social networking bandwagon .
But sometimes , the project is poorly executed .
Case in point is Maybe so , but if you try browsing through the site in Firefox , you ’ll likely see garbled text peppered through the site .
Because the programmers did n’t make the site compatible with a browser that is increasingly becoming more popular ( Firefox has been
But here ’s the whopper of a downer : to join Executive Forums , you must pay 1,700 pounds every year ( $ 3,340 USD ) .
Before you spit out your coffee , the membership fee does include some benefits : free attendance to one of the company ’s Global Conferences and Events , as well as a 20 per cent discount on other events in the series .
Plus , members receive a 12 - month subscription to the Financial Times newspaper .
Ftexecutiveforums.com , the Financial Times ' network for business professionals , does not work properly with the Firefox browser .
Visitors to the site that charges more than $ 3,000 per year for membership are greeted with garbled , overlapping text and images .
Are those privileges still worth $ 3,300 ?
For that kind of price , you would expect a social network brimming with unique features and eye - catching design .
But a quick scan of the site reveals a bland look devoid of any intriguing widgets or applications that could set it apart from other business - oriented networks , like Keep in mind that FT likely did n’t create Executive Forums to battle Facebook and Linked In .
The company views it as another revenue stream while also raising awareness for its print publication and various events .
As a marketing tool , Executive Forums could hold some value .
But as a social network , it fails miserably and will only appeal to CEOs with money to burn .
Digital Journal —
It ’s all well and good for media companies to jump on board the social networking bandwagon .
But sometimes , the project is poorly executed .
Case in point is ftexecutiveforums.com , the Financial Times ' network for business professionals .
The site claims it will “ enable you to make and maintain contact with peers and luminaries operating within your sector - and to stay in touch with the key issues facing fellow members and your industry as a whole . ” Maybe so , but if you try browsing through the site in Firefox , you ’ll likely see garbled text peppered through the site .
Because the programmers did n’t make the site compatible with a browser that is increasingly becoming more popular ( Firefox has been downloaded more than 500 million times ) , the FT offshoot is already looking like a loser .
But here ’s the whopper of a downer : to join Executive Forums , you must pay 1,700 pounds every year ( $ 3,340 USD ) .
Before you spit out your coffee , the membership fee does include some benefits : free attendance to one of the company ’s Global Conferences and Events , as well as a 20 per cent discount on other events in the series .
Plus , members receive a 12 - month subscription to the Financial Times newspaper .
Are those privileges still worth $ 3,300 ?
For that kind of price , you would expect a social network brimming with unique features and eye - catching design .
But a quick scan of the site reveals a bland look devoid of any intriguing widgets or applications that could set it apart from other business - oriented networks , like LinkedIn .
FT ’s Executive Forums does n’t have any glaring appeal to make it a social networking superstar .
Keep in mind that FT likely did n’t create Executive Forums to battle Facebook and LinkedIn .
The company views it as another revenue stream while also raising awareness for its print publication and various events .
As a marketing tool , Executive Forums could hold some value .
But as a social network , it fails miserably and will only appeal to CEOs with money to burn .
More about Financial times , Social network , Firefox , Linkedin financial times social network firefox linkedin
Photo : Maria Bastone / AFP / Getty Images
The news keeps coming , each item worse than the one before .
New - home sales fall 26 percent nationwide ; the U.S. economy loses 17,000 jobs in January ; Wall Street write - downs cross the $ 100 billion mark .
Sure , the technical definition of a recession is two or more consecutive quarters of negative growth , but with headlines like that , and last week ’s word that fourth - quarter GDP was up an anemic 0.6 percent ( in other words , all but down ) , does anyone really believe that the U.S. economy is not on the precipice , or already over the edge ?
The prospect of a national economic downturn raises all sorts of troubling issues , of course .
But from an entirely parochial point of view , one question stands out :
What ’s going to happen to New York ?
Perhaps the best way to answer that is to look at what happened the last time the city went into a prolonged funk .
Not the 2000 NASDAQ crash and the post - 9/11 malaise , both of which , bad as they were , came and went comparatively quickly .
We ’re talking about an all - out , multiyear five - borough slump , one which your average 30 - year - old Wall Street analyst , say , is unlikely to even remember : the sad stretch from 1989 to 1992 , when the median home price in Manhattan dropped by more than a quarter , construction declined by a third , and the city lost one - tenth of its jobs .
It all started , of course , on Wall Street .
On Black Monday , October 19 , 1987 , the Dow Jones index , for reasons still being debated , fell 508 points , almost a quarter of its total .
( The current equivalent , for comparison ’s sake , would be a 3,200 - point loss on one day . )
The drop turned out to be a “ black swan event , ” a weirdly poetic economist ’s term meaning , basically , a fluke ( though few people remember it , the Dow still eked out a positive finish for the year ) .
Still , the hiccup seemed to foretell the instability to come .
Over the next two years , with the economy perceived to be overheating , the Fed repeatedly jacked up interest rates , which made bonds and T - bills sexier than stocks , which triggered an epidemic of unscrupulous bond peddling , which further destabilized the market — leading to a slowdown .
( If that all sounds disturbingly like the recent subprime - debt mess , well , that ’s because it is .
But more on that later . )
And a slowdown on Wall Street , which provides over 20 percent of the city ’s cash income , spells a slowdown for New York .
The city ’s economy , meanwhile , was already primed for problems .
In the mid-eighties , the vogue for mergers , acquisitions , and leveraged buyouts meant that companies began relentlessly shedding redundant employees to spruce up the bottom line .
“ New York is a bit uniquely affected by trends in management - consulting practices , ” says James Parrott , chief economist at the Fiscal Policy Institute .
“ CEOs were easy prey for consultants who sold them on the easiest way to the profits :
Get rid of middle management .
We have a lot of corporate HQs , so it hit us hard . ”
At the same time , the personal computer was revolutionizing the way companies do business — processing , which used to require a clerk and often a courier , was now done with the push of a button .
Soon enough , legions of back - office staff were being let go as well .
Wall Street alone saw 16,000 layoffs in the two years before the recession even began .
Just as Wall Street and other firms were trimming personnel , another problem was taking shape : A glut of new office space , mostly in midtown , was coming onto the market , forming a bubble in commercial real estate .
Thanks to a tweak in regulations allowing savings - and - loan companies to finance commercial construction , banks nationwide got into the business of underwriting skyscrapers .
Earlier , City Hall had fanned the developers ’ enthusiasm by temporarily throwing certain high - rise zoning restrictions out the window .
New York ’s skyline was changing like it had n’t since the twenties .
By the time the construction spurt was over , demand could n’t keep up with supply : Lower Manhattan ’s office vacancies climbed to 17.8 percent , among the worst rate in the nation .
Stuck with empty towers , the developers began defaulting , taking underwriters down with them .
Employment in the architectural industry dropped 23 percent , from 8,424 jobs in 1989 to 6,482 in 1991 ; the vaunted skyscraper design firm Skidmore , Owings & Merrill halved its staff .
The mood in the trade was nothing short of apocalyptic .
“ The high - rise building , ” wailed one despondent architect to the Times .
“ It ’s vanished … It has disappeared . ” Construction , which employs far more people , dried up correspondingly .
The residential sector , meanwhile , suffered a parallel glut of co-ops newly converted from rentals .
“ There were some tax - law changes in the mid-eighties that made it very profitable for landlords to convert their buildings , ” says Fred Peters , the president of Warburg Realty .
Profitable , that is , until the supply reached saturation point just as leaner times on Wall Street began to drain the demand .
The shock was sudden and painful .
“ It just stopped , ” remembers Peters .
“ The first half of the year was just like ’ 88 , a banner year , and then it just stopped .
The Japanese kept buying for another year .
But then it just ran aground . ”
In a swift reversal of the conversion boom , people who could n’t sell their apartments started trying to rent them out , often to no avail .
Photo : Phillip Toledano .
From the book ‘ Bankrupt , ’ published by Twin Palms , 2005 .
Things started to get really scary when some of the S&Ls that financed the co-op conversions went belly up .
For the first time since the Great Depression , it was possible for perfectly solvent buyers to get stuck with a virtually worthless property .
In one of the most extreme cases , the FDIC liquidated the assets of Silverado Savings and Loan , a collapsed Denver outfit , by seizing a 26 - story co-op near Lincoln Center it had co-owned .
Across town at Tudor City , owner Time Equities could n’t cover the complex ’s underlying mortgage and taxes ( not to mention utility bills and staff costs ) , and ended up giving it away , unit by occupied unit , in a jaw - dropping fire sale :
In 1992 , if the new owner were willing to assume the accrued debts , a Tudor City one - bedroom could be had for $ 3,500 .
In the East Village , Lower East Side , Upper West Side , and Harlem , people abandoned buildings outright : After Mayor Dinkins raised property taxes , property owners began selling to cut their losses at a rate not seen since the Bronx Is Burning days of the seventies .
In the meantime , a new issue weighed heavily on the economy — the looming Gulf War .
With GDP slowing and consumer confidence down , the Dow sputtered , and another round of Wall Street layoffs and defections followed , this one reaching much higher up the food chain .
“ In 1990 , ” remembers one former investment banker turned hedge - fund manager , “ my compensation went down by a third .
Obviously , you think about leaving .
I decided to stick around , but a lot of people got out .
They kept saying , ‘ It ’s just not fun anymore . ’ ” Many traders and bond salesmen , having amassed vast fortunes in the eighties , chose 1990 – 91 as the moment to retire .
Others had that decision made for them in the wake of bond - trading scandals .
The third tent - pole that had propped up the New York economy — along with Wall Street and real estate — was tourism .
In 1989 , the estimated economic impact of tourism on New York was $ 12 billion , more than the combined financial - industry salaries for the year .
But by 1990 , it too was flagging , thanks to the war , the cost of oil , and New York ’s persistently high crime rate ( that was a year of 2,262 murders , 18,000 subway felonies , and Brian Watkins , the 22 - year - old Mormon tourist who was knifed to death in a subway station ) .
So many jobs were dependent on out - of - city visitors and free - spending trader types that unemployment spread quickly throughout the city .
Retail shed 50,000 jobs , with restaurants and food sales among the hardest - hit sectors .
“ The Dow Jones was so low , ” half - jokes Keith McNally , whose Tribeca - defining Odeon was arguably the nexus of the prerecession boom , “ that we could no longer offer fresh pepper .
The salad bar was never the same . ”
Weak demand , combined with an increased hotel tax , started putting hoteliers out of business , too .
The airline industry reeled from the back - to - back bankruptcies of Eastern and Pan Am Airlines .
Publishing , a $ 14.9 billion business previously thought to be “ recessionproof ” ( Random House , Simon & Schuster , and Viking all grew through the Great Depression ) , fell victim to an unrelated dependence on the megastore concept .
Legal and accounting services , which feed off Wall Street , began mass layoffs .
Manufacturing employment saw its worst losses since World War II .
By the time the dust settled , 361,200 jobs — precisely 10 percent of the total workforce — would be gone .
Nationally , the recession lasted only nine months , from July 1990 to March 1991 .
But the city ’s ringside seat to the Wall Street follies meant that the downturn here began earlier , hit harder , and stuck around longer .
Things started to turn around in December 1991 , when the Fed let loose with an emergency discount - rate cut of one full point ( bringing it to 3.5 percent ) and did n’t raise rates again until 1994 .
“ When you can borrow cheaply , you can leverage the hell out of everything , ” says Parrott .
In Japan , interest rates were even lower — about one percent — and American businesses began borrowing in Tokyo to finance deals in New York .
Within a year , a yen - fed Wall Street was back up and staging a kind of jobless recovery : From 1992 to 1993 , while the region lost another 67,000 jobs , financial - sector salaries jumped by a gaudy 45 percent , to $ 164,000 on average .
With big bonuses coursing through the city ’s financial veins , New Yorkers started spending again .
Broadway posted a 22 percent jump in ticket sales .
Hotel occupancy crawled up .
Stores reported a record Christmas season .
By 1994 , lured by the finally bottomed - out rents , national stores began moving in on Chelsea and the midtown district , making Sixth Avenue between 14th and 34th the generic ( but lucrative ) strip mall it is now .
Barnes & Noble , Bed Bath & Beyond , and CompUSA all opened new stores in Manhattan .
A Times article from the summer of 1994 titled “ New York Area Climbs Out of Recession ” mentions the first outpost of a novel “ Starbucks expresso [ sic ] bar ” in Westchester County .
Real estate was the last to recover — the aftermath of the 1990 – 1992 fire sales continued to depress the market well after the financial meltdown that triggered those sales was over .
According to Barbara Corcoran , a one - bedroom postwar co-op on the Upper East or Upper West Side that might have cost $ 275,000 in 1988 sold for around $ 160,000 at the end of 1993 .
By 1994 , however , real estate had already embarked on the storied upward climb that would remain virtually unbroken until now .
The moral of the story appears to be that Wall Street money got us into hot water and Wall Street money got us out .
And that raises New York ’s most pressing question for the rest of 2008 and beyond :
Will this time be better or worse than last time ?
Between 1989 and 1992 , Manhattan home prices dropped by more than a quarter , construction declined by a third , and the city lost one - tenth of its jobs .
Let ’s start with the more sanguine of the two scenarios .
On Wall Street , those who say we ’ll be better off this time point out that there has been no panic - inducing , confidence - shaking single - day crash like Black Monday .
Yes , the Dow has already sunk below its 2007 low , bulls allow , but the market , at press time , was still a hair above where it was this time a year ago .
And the federal - funds rate is at 3 percent , the lowest it ’s been since 2005 , which should make it easier for banks to start lending again , which should , in turn , help spur a recovery .
Optimists also say that the subprime crisis , brutal as it has been , is limited to the housing and financial sectors and wo n’t infect he rest of the economy the way the M&A - induced layoffs and the unsound lending practices of the eighties did .
Some mention that the city has reduced its historic dependence on the securities industry altogether .
The Bloomberg administration has led a drive to diversify New York ’s economy , and , indeed , over the past four years , 166,650 , or 81.7 percent , of the 204,090 newly created private - sector jobs were in service , tourism , film , and other non-financial industries .
City
Hall has also , in an unprecedented move , squirreled away $ 2.5 billion of last year ’s surplus to carry us through 2009 .
“ Although I am certainly concerned about contraction of revenues compared to what I ’ve been forecasting next June , I ’m not in tailspin , ” City budget director Mark Page says .
“ Revenues can slip $ 2.5 billion before I run a deficit . ”
In terms of construction , optimists say , the current building boom is no match in volume for the commercial - building craze of the mid-eighties , so a major contraction there is unlikely .
Another key difference between now and 1989 is that developers and contractors have found an enthusiastic co-sponsor in the government .
The city , the state , the MTA , and the Port Authority have tremendous capital budgets compared with the eighties , and they ’re using them .
From the two brand - new stadiums ( and a possible basketball arena in Brooklyn ) to subway - line extensions , the city is awash in major civic projects .
Even Bruce Ratner , who ’s using the atmosphere of economic uncertainty to try to expedite Atlantic Yards before the sky falls , is likely just being clever :
His financiers at Goldman Sachs had a banner year and appear to be uniquely unaffected by the bad - debt debacle .
Glass - half - full types also note that the New York residential - real - estate market looks better than it has a right to , given the disastrous nationwide slump .
It ’s almost impossible to imagine the 1990 co-op bust scenario replaying itself today .
Co-ops are entrenched and in short supply ( there were just two conversions in Manhattan in 2006 ) .
Because of the high cost of the average New York apartment , relatively few homeowners here are directly affected by the subprime mess or risk foreclosure ( subprime loans were made mostly to high - risk buyers at the low end of the market ) .
There ’s also an international angle to New York real estate that was n’t there last time around : Driven by the cheap dollar , foreign buyers were behind 15 percent of our apartment sales in the last quarter of 2007 .
The Irish , Russians , Chinese , Saudis , and many others have all been enthusiastically investing in Manhattan pieds - à- terre , and especially in new construction .
And unlike in the late eighties , crime is low and families have been staying in the city , instead of moving to the suburbs , when they have kids .
One heartening lesson of the early - nineties housing bust , notes Warburg ’s Fred Peters , is that unlike in many other American cities , the middle class did not decamp to the suburbs en masse .
If the pull of the city proved strong enough in an era of six murders a day , it will be more than enough in the current climate .
In retail , according to the sunny view , the most glaring difference between then and now is the emergence of the ultraluxury market .
The recent historic growth at the top end of the economic ladder , or so the theory goes , has created a kind of recessionproof super - spender .
What ’s more , New York itself has become a global luxury brand , optimists say — a place where people come , from New Jersey or Dubai , to conspicuously consume .
That ’s true on the retail level ( witness the out - of - town throngs in Times Square on a Saturday afternoon ) , and it ’s true on the corporate level ( see Saudi Prince Alwaleed ’s bailout of Citigroup ) .
But then , of course , there is also a dimmer view of our immediate economic future .
In this scenario , the subprime mess wreaks havoc .
First , it continues to drive down the Dow , as unwelcome surprises continue to crop up ( like last week ’s scare that bond insurers MBIA and Ambac may buckle under the weight of the $ 1 trillion in mortgage debt they ’ve guaranteed for corporations and hedge funds ) and unnerve investors , who hate nothing more than uncertainty .
Second , it continues to decimate the big banks , which continue to slash bonuses and lay people off , sucking millions out of the New York economy .
Despite the efforts to lessen New York ’s dependence on Wall Street , economic Cassandras note , banking is still hardwired into the heart of New York .
In 2007 , Wall Street capital gains and wages accounted for 25 percent of New York State ’s ( state ’s ! ) growth .
Another frightening factor ?
After Black Monday , the effects of a Wall Street contraction took two years to spread through the system .
This time , “ I think layoffs will come sooner , ” says Byron Wien , chief investment strategist at Pequot Capital .
“ Because the traditional structure of mergers and acquisitions is less profitable , you had a lot of traditional - banking people wanting to go into equity and hedge funds ” — the areas that are the most vulnerable now .
Wall Street already lost scores of jobs in 2007 , mostly from the subsectors Wien mentions .
If it tightens its belt further , 1989 - like numbers are n’t hard to see .
Commercial real estate also affords a bearish view to some observers .
Right now , many developers are adopting a wait - and - see attitude before breaking new ground , and a few recently green - lighted projects are already on the skids : Billionaire and likely mayoral candidate John Catsimatidis , whose Red Apple Group is developing a two - block complex on Myrtle Avenue in Brooklyn , is putting the brakes on the project until the lending situation shakes itself out .
Even more ominously , some developers who borrowed billions to buy or spruce up major properties find themselves unable to refinance as their loans mature ( take , for instance , Harry Macklowe , who last week was forced to hand seven midtown towers , including the GM Building , over to Deutsche Bank ) .
Finally , despite its developer - friendly intentions and healthy capital budgets , city government is proving an unreliable partner .
Every big civic project with state or city money in it ( save the new baseball stadiums , both well under way ) recently took a budget cut .
The funding for such much - heralded undertakings as the Second Avenue subway , Santiago Calatrava ’s path terminal , and the 7 - train extension is in question .
Perhaps most surprising , after two years ’ worth of adoring press , the dome - shaped Fulton transportation hub — touted as downtown ’s answer to Grand Central — is out entirely .
Until banks regain the confidence to begin lending again , commercial and civic construction in New York could grind to an almost immediate halt .
The pessimistic line on residential real estate is simple :
We ’re overbuilt and overpriced .
By some estimates , tens of thousands of newly built condos could sit on the market .
If the lack of Wall Street bonuses saps demand , we might see quite a few of these condos turned into rentals by 2009 , which will , for the first time in ages , make renting a preferable alternative to owning ( and speed up the price decline , in a self - propelling downward cycle ) .
The consensus among top real - estate economists quoted in this magazine in September cites the worst - case scenario for New York residential housing as a 5 percent correction this year , followed by a nosedive of 18 percent , in reaction to the sure - to - be- anemic 2008 data , in 2009 .
As for the theory that foreign pied - à - terre hunters will keep the prices afloat , one need only look back to 1989 .
Back then , Japanese buyers single - handedly propped up a dead market a year past its expiration date — until they did n’t , which made the ensuing drop all the more steep and painful .
Pessimists note that Fed chairman Ben Bernanke and his counterparts abroad have been under pressure to coordinate rate cuts to stimulate the global economy in unison — a move that could bring the dollar into closer alignment with those countries ’ currencies , and put a jarring end to the foreign buying spree in New York .
As for retail , the ultrahigh end of the market , influential as it is , only accounts for so much spending .
A national or , worse , global recession is sure to shorten the lines for The Lion King and leave scores of hotel beds open .
And New York as a global superbrand is bound to be less appealing if the store starts running out of money for glass condo towers , transit hubs , and other glitzy developments .
So what ’s it going to be ?
A slowdown or a meltdown ?
And how long will it last ?
Most economists agree that the long - term prospects for both the U.S. and New York economies are good .
But shorten the time horizon to six months , or even a year , and few experts predict much of anything good .
It ’s going to take at least that long , the consensus seems to be , for the subprime - mortgage mess to be absorbed and filtered out by the system .
Beyond that , no self - respecting pundit could really say what will happen .
Which is not to say that many wo n’t try .
SEE ALSO
• The Upside to the Downside
• The Everything Guide to Belt - Tightening
Additional reporting by Kari Milchman .
While some past pronouncements of world - changing inventions have n't exactly panned out as promised , this latest one will at least have a pretty large stage on which to prove itself , with none other than Al Gore and others paying £ 1,000 or more apiece in the audience .
As you might expect , however , things are being kept as vague as possible ahead of the big unveiling , which is set to go down later today in London .
One of the few apparently clued in in the matter , British Inventors ' Society founder Kane Kramer , would only go so far as to describe it as " a new science , a Super Material , " adding that , " It would be 80 per cent cheaper than any alternative means of production , and it will contribute in a major way to reducing climate change . "
So , it 's " something , " but we 'll just have to wait and see if it delivers as advertised .
The thick white band ringing Lake Mead ’s shoreline shows the drop in water levels .
The near - vertical walls of Boulder Canyon are just upstream of Hoover Dam .
Lake Mead , a key source of water for millions of people in the southwestern United States , could go dry by 2021 , a new study finds .
The study concludes that natural forces such as evaporation , changes wrought by global warming and the increasing demand from the booming Southwest population are creating a deficit from this part of the Colorado River system .
Along with Lake Powell , which is on the border between Arizona and Utah , Lake Mead supplies roughly 8 million people in the cities of Las Vegas , Los Angeles , and San Diego , among others , with critical water supplies .
The system is currently only at half capacity thanks to a recent string of dry years , researchers say .
The study ’s findings indicated that there is a 10 percent chance that Lake Mead could be dry by 2014 and a 50 percent chance that reservoir levels will drop too low to allow hydroelectric power generation by 2017 .
There is a 50 percent chance the lake will go dry by 2021 , the study says .
Researchers say that even if water agencies follow their current drought contingency plans , those measures might not be enough to counter natural forces , especially if the region enters a period of sustained drought or if human - induced climate changes occur as currently predicted .
" We were stunned at the magnitude of the problem and how fast it was coming at us , " said study coauthor Tim Barnett of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography of the University of California at San Diego .
" Make no mistake , this water problem is not a scientific abstraction , but rather one that will impact each and every one of us that live in the Southwest . "
Several studies in recent years have predicted a prolonged period of drought in the Southwest as a result of global warming .
The team 's analysis of Federal Bureau of Reclamation records of past water demand and calculations of scheduled water allocations and climate conditions indicate that the system could run dry even if mitigation measures now being proposed are implemented .
" It 's likely to mean real changes to how we live and do business in this region , " said coauthor David Pierce , a climate scientist at Scripps .
The new study has been accepted for publication in the journal Water Resources Research .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A manufacturing defect blamed for the mid-air breakup of an F - 15 Eagle fighter may cause the Air Force to ground a quarter of its fleet of those warplanes permanently , a top general said Thursday .
The mid-air breakup of an F - 15 fighter jet is being blamed on a a manufacturing defect .
Gen . John Corley , the head of the U.S. Air Combat Command , said about 160 of the jets may never return to service after an investigation into the November 2 crash that left the plane 's pilot seriously injured .
The single - seat F - 15C broke up in a 500 - mph turn during a combat training mission over Missouri , with its fuselage breaking in half behind the cockpit , an Air Force probe of the crash determined .
Investigators concluded that a critical piece of the jet 's airframe broke during the flight because of a manufacturing defect .
A defective longeron -- a metal strut that runs lengthwise down the fuselage -- was cut improperly by the manufacturer , Boeing , and led to a series of cracks over the plane 's lifespan , Corley said .
Watch a report on the plane and its problems »
" Some of these airplanes will never return to flight , " Corley said .
" The age , the fatigue on these airplanes has been manifest as we looked under the hood extensively over these last two months . "
The Air Force has been flying the twin- engine , supersonic F - 15 since the early 1970s .
The C model involved in November 's crash is credited with 34 of the 37 " kills " credited to Air Force pilots in the 1991 Persian Gulf war , according to Thursday 's report on the accident .
The service has about 700 F - 15s in its fleet , all of which were grounded after the November crash .
Most were returned to service after being checked out , but about 40 percent of the Air Force 's 442 F - 15 models A through D remain grounded .
" I flew these airplanes 30 years ago , " Corley told CNN " This is a fleet of airplanes that 's 25 - plus years old on average .
That constant pulling and pushing and twisting has also caused fatigue . "
If the grounded planes are retired , the Air Force would still have about 240 of the older fighters and nearly 300 of the newer F - 15E , a two - seat version used for ground - attack missions in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Investigators released the results of the Missouri crash at a news conference Thursday in the St. Louis suburb of Bridgeton , home of the Air National Guard wing involved in the accident .
The pilot , 37 - year - old Maj .
Stephen Stillwell , told reporters that his plane broke up in a turn that produced about eight times the force of gravity .
" I had no idea what was happening , " he said .
" I knew something bad was happening , but I did n't know what it was . "
Stillwell suffered a broken arm and still has problems with his shoulder .
He credited his survival to the training he received .
" You always prepare for the worst - case scenario , " he said .
" I think luck played a small part in it , but a large part of it was due to the training I received and my faith in God , " said Stillwell , who is also a pilot for Northwest Airlines .
Col .
Bob Leeker , the wing 's commander , said the first four of his F - 15s took off Thursday after receiving clearance .
Six other planes in the 131st Fighter Wing have not been released , but three are expected to be once additional examinations are completed , he said .
The F - 15 was first built by McDonnell - Douglas , and it's now manufactured by Boeing .
The service is trying to determine whether Boeing would be liable for the defect after 30 years .
The A through D models are used in the United States for air - defense missions .
After the initial grounding , the service had to move F - 16s to cover for F - 15 missions , and Canadians had to help cover missions over Alaska , according to Air Force officials .
The defect was discovered as the Air Force continues to fight for more advanced F - 22 Raptors , seen as the future of the service 's fighter fleet .
Congress allowed the purchase of only 183 of the almost 400 the Air Force wanted , but the service continues to ask for another 200 .
Corley said suggestions that the service is trying to use the problems with the F - 15 as leverage to get more of the Lockheed - built F - 22s " makes me just outraged , because it 's just flat wrong . "
" I'm the one who looks into the eyes of the moms and dads , the sons and daughters , the husbands and wives that I put in that airplane , " he said .
" To think that I would put one of those individuals at risk , to almost kill one aviator and to risk other aviators , that is beyond my possible belief . "
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Air Force • Lockheed / Boeing F - 22 Raptor
In pictures : Routemaster retrospective
End of the line From Friday 9 December , this quintessential London scene will disappear forever as the last of the capital 's veteran red Routemaster buses reach the end of the line .
On that day the last Routemaster route - the 159 running from Streatham to Marble Arch - will convert to modern double - deckers , and barring two tourist friendly ' heritage routes ' , the 53 - year old buses will be gone .
Images : Ralf Obergfell and Jet Click below for more images BACK 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 NEXT
The Simple Tax Return
Economist Austan Goolsbee has a $ 44 billion idea called the “ Simple Return ” :
Around two - thirds of taxpayers take only the standard deduction and do not itemize .
Frequently , all of their income is solely from wages from one employer and interest income from one bank .
For almost all of these people , the IRS already receives information about each of their sources of income directly from their employers and banks .
The IRS then asks these same people to spend time gathering documents and filling out tax forms , or to spend money paying tax preparers to do it .
In essence , these taxpayers are just copying into a tax return information that the IRS already receives independently .
The Simple Return would have the IRS take the information about income directly from the employers and banks and , if the person ’s tax status were simple enough , send that taxpayer a return prefilled with the information .
The program would be voluntary .
Anyone who preferred to fill out his own tax form , or to pay a tax preparer to do it , would just throw the Simple Return away and file his taxes the way he does now .
For the millions of taxpayers who could use the Simple Return , however , filing a tax return would entail nothing more than checking the numbers , signing the return , and then either sending a check or getting a refund .
By Goolsbee ’s estimates , as many as 40 percent of all Americans could be covered by the Simple Return .
He reckons this could save 225 million hours of tax preparation time per year and $ 2 billion in spending on tax preparers .
It is hard to see how anyone would n’t love Goolsbee ’s idea .
The only possible shortcoming I could see with the plan is that people have income that the government does n’t know about .
If taxpayers have to file their own return , they tend to report that additional income .
If they are merely sent a Simple Return that is missing the other sources of income , they are more likely to try to cheat .
To combat this , the IRS might have to do random audits of those on the Simple Return , perhaps with punishments such that anyone who abuses the program is forever banned from using it again .
Goolsbee ’s plan reminds me a little bit of John Szilagyi‘s old idea of asking for the Social Security number of dependents on their 1040s .
Both ideas are simple to implement , and worth billions of dollars .
Once you hear them explained , it is hard to argue with either one .
Yet somehow , people had n’t thought to do either before .
Let ’s hope that Goolsbee keeps the billion dollar ideas coming .
As Barack Obama ‘s head economic adviser , there is a real chance that Goolsbee will have the opportunity to put his ideas into action .
DIGG THIS
Last Saturday night , November 3rd , 2007 , I was traveling in my automobile .
I parked in a restaurant 's private parking lot .
A Snohomish County Sheriff was checking license plates against computer records .
I am aware that this has become a common practice .
He arrested me for an outstanding warrant , issued October 22nd , 2007 , for failure to appear on a traffic citation .
I was in England on a medical emergency , and had notified the Court that I could not appear that day .
As he was getting me out of his car in the basement of the jail he exclaimed “ living the dream ! ” , which startled me .
I asked “ are you serious ? ”
He answered in the affirmative .
The jailers , who style themselves " Corrections Officers , " at the Snohomish County Jail ( or " Corrections Facility " ) in Everett , Washington , USA , forced me through a variety of very well - practiced , choreographed , and degrading ordeals — bordering on the sadistic .
They were quite clearly enjoying themselves .
My clothes were taken and I was issued a thin cloth shirt and thin cloth pants .
At around midnight , I was placed in a " holding cell " in the " booking " area .
This room was about ten feet by ten feet , with an L - shaped , concrete bench formed along two walls , about 24 inches wide .
A weird stainless - steel " toilet - sink " was in one corner .
A working , though dysfunctional , phone was on the wall .
There was nothing else in the room but a bit of toilet paper .
The outside temperature was less than 50 degrees Fahrenheit .
The holding cell has a ceiling fan or ventilator outlet blowing cold air downwards .
It felt colder than the air outside .
I began shivering and trying to warm myself up .
After about two hours of this , a " corrections officer " called me up to a counter .
He presented me with a one - page form to sign .
STANDISH was printed on a metal plate attached to his shirt .
The first part of the form was an accurate listing of my confiscated personal property .
The second part contained language to the effect of : " I hereby consent to medical testing and treatment " and other . *
I did not consent to that then or now .
I began crossing out the parts of this section that I would not consent to .
I had not yet finished and initialed these corrections before STANDISH went ballistic .
He jerked the form out from under my hand and said something curt which I do not recall .
He placed me back in the holding cell .
I tried to lie down and to sleep on the concrete bench .
It was so cold that it sucked the heat right out of my body , while the cold air outlet above blew over the top of me .
I have had more than one near - death experience with hypothermia .
I know the onset , the symptoms , and the feel of it all too well .
My core temperature was dropping .
About 4:00 AM , STANDISH called me back up to the counter for a second go at it .
He said " you 'll want to get booked in so you can get moved upstairs .
They have beds and blankets there . "
I told him I do not consent to medical testing and treatment .
He became angry and distraught .
He immediately escorted me back to the holding cell and stood outside , holding the door .
A distressed look came over his face as he stated " this is so we can take care of you in case of emergency " ( as if a form had the power to accomplish that ) .
His look then changed to one of rage and he snarled " how dare you mess with my form ! "
I asked him for a blanket ; he said " no " and slammed the door .
It took me awhile to figure this one out — the jailers wo n't let you get out of jail until you get " booked " into it , part of which is this form .
So I was trapped .
STANDISH left me there for the rest of the night , and he later departed along with the rest of the shift at 8:00 AM .
Now I was in fear for my life .
Now I was trying to not fall asleep .
I could feel the first signs of the uncontrollable - shiver stage coming on .
I could feel the results of my core temperature dropping further , which is hard to describe to someone who has not experienced this .
If I had lain down on that concrete bench , there was a possibility — however remote — that I would die of exposure .
The jailers had made it perfectly clear that they would not be of any help whatsoever .
I tried signaling to the new shift people — banging on the little glass window , shouting , waving as they went by , all to no avail .
Sometimes they would look over , and then their eyes would slide away .
I had no idea how long I would remain there .
Around noon , one of them opens the door and says " are you the one who was crossing out sentences in the consent form ?
I said " yes . "
He said " do you want to try again with a fresh copy " I said " yes " He said " you 're not going to try to change it again are you ? "
I said " no " and so complied .
They got their " confession . "
* I received a copy of the sacred form .
The following is the second of the two - part consent form verbatim :
" Medical Services Statement : Regular sick call is held Monday through Friday though emergency care can be requested at any time by contacting a corrections officer .
I understand that I am responsible for the costs of my medical care while I am a prisoner here but that necessary care will not be denied due to inability to pay .
I hereby consent to medical examinations , tests , and treatment as prescribed by the authorized health care authority and authorize this facility to provide copies of summaries of my jail medical record to attending physicians and / or other institutions to which I may be transferred . " ( emphasis theirs )
It 's even worse than I remembered .
November 10 , 2007
DENVER  Colorado ’s crash course in how to hold an election has begun .
With less than year before the November balloting , and the current system mostly in shambles after testing by the secretary of state last month found problems in voting machines across the state , the legislature is braced for a fight over what to do next .
County clerks , who administer the elections , are counting the days , and the dwindling options .
Joe Richey , a researcher from Boulder , spoke for many in trying to sum up the difficult mix of political calculus , logistics and psychology that lies ahead .
“ How are we going to pull this off ? ” Mr. Richey asked Tuesday at a public hearing on the question at the Capitol .
Leaders in the Democratic Party , which controls the legislature , said a popular option , supported by the county clerks , was to become the second state , after Oregon , to have all mail - in voting , at least for this year .
MADISON , Ala . 
On a January night nine years ago , Laura Snider was saved .
A 27 - year - old single mother at the time , Mrs. Snider felt she had ruined her life through a disastrous marriage and divorce .
But in her kitchen that night , after reading pamphlets and Bible passages that her boss had pointed her to , she realized she was a sinner , she said , she prayed for forgiveness , and put her trust in Christ .
Four years later , the conservative brand of Christianity Mrs. Snider embraced became the source of a bitter , continuing custody battle over her only child , Libby Mashburn .
Across the country , child - custody disputes in which religion is the flash point are increasing , part of a broader rise in custody conflicts over the last 30 years , lawyers , judges and mediators say .
“ There has definitely been an increase in conflict over religious issues , ” said Ronald William Nelson , a Kansas family lawyer who is chairman of the custody committee of the American Bar Association ’s family law section .
“ Part of that is there has been an increase of conflicts between parents across the board , and with parents looking for reasons to justify their own actions . ”
Another factor , he said , is the rise of intermarriage and greater willingness by Americans to convert .
Princeton engineers have developed a revolutionary way to replace silicon with carbon making it possible to create transistors that are 10 times faster , run cooler and will be easier to manufacture leading to much faster cheaper computers .
The electronics industry has pushed the capabilities of silicon -- the material at the heart of all computer chips -- to its limit , and one intriguing replacement has been carbon , said Stephen Chou , professor of electrical engineering .
A material called graphene -- a single layer of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice -- could allow electronics to process information 10 times better than silicon - based devices .
Until now , however , switching from silicon to carbon has not been possible because technologists believed they needed graphene material in the same form as the silicon used to make chips : a single crystal of material eight or 12 - inches wide .
The largest single - crystal graphene sheets made to date have been no wider than a couple millimeters , not big enough for a single chip .
Chou and researchers in his lab realized that a big graphene wafer is not necessary , as long they could place small crystals of graphene only in the active areas of the chip .
They developed a novel method to achieve this goal and demonstrated it by making high - performance working graphene transistors .
" Our approach is to completely abandon the classical methods that industry has been using for silicon integrated circuits , " Chou said .
Chou , along with graduate student Xiaogan Liang and materials engineer Zengli Fu , published their findings in the December 2007 issue of Nano Letters , a leading journal in the field .
The research was funded in part by the Office of Naval Research .
In their new method , the researchers make a special stamp consisting of an array of tiny flat - topped pillars , each one - tenth of a millimeter wide .
They press the pillars against a block of graphite ( pure carbon ) , cutting thin carbon sheets , which stick to the pillars .
The stamp is then removed , peeling away a few atomic layers of graphene .
Finally , the stamp is aligned with and pressed against a larger wafer , leaving the patches of graphene precisely where transistors will be built .
The technique is like printing , Chou said .
By repeating the process and using variously shaped stamps ( the researchers also made strips instead of round pillars ) , all the active areas for transistors are covered with single crystals of graphene .
" Previously , scientists have been able to peel graphene sheets from graphite blocks , but they had no control over the size and location of the pieces when placing them on a surface , " Chou said .
One innovation that made the technique possible was to coat the stamp with a special material that sticks to carbon when it is cold and releases when it is warm , allowing the same stamp to pick up and release the graphene .
Chou 's lab took the next step and built transistors -- tiny on - off switches -- on their printed graphene crystals .
Their transistors displayed high performance ; they were more than 10 times faster than silicon .
Environmental organization Greenpeace has released its latest Guide to Greener Electronics , which ranks electronics manufacturers by their effect on the environment .
Family - friendly Nintendo has appeared on the list for the first time and comes in dead last as the only company to score a zero out of ten .
Greenpeace says it has two demands of electronics companies : 1 . clean up your products by eliminating hazardous substances , and 2 . takeback and recycle your products responsibly once they become obsolete .
The Guide does not consider issues like labor standards or energy use .
Each company is given a score in nine categories like Chemicals Management and Amounts Recycled .
Scores can be Good ( three points ) , Partially Good ( two points ) , Partially Bad ( one point ) , or Bad ( zero points ) .
Nintendo scored Bad in all nine categories .
Some of the reasons Greenpeace gives for Nintendo's low scores are : the company 's lack of a policy on its use of polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) , a plastic Greenpeace claims poses both environmental and health hazards ; the company has no " takeback " policy for consumers to recycle their old Nintendo products .
Nintendo was beaten by other companies on the list like Sony , which scored an eight out of ten , and Microsoft , which fared only slightly better with a 2.7 .
Sony does have a takeback plan to recycle used Sony products .
The United States is funding and in many cases arming the three ethnic factions in Iraq — the Kurds , the Shiites and the Sunni Arabs .
These factions rule over partitioned patches of Iraqi territory and brutally purge rival ethnic groups from their midst .
Iraq no longer exists as a unified state .
It is a series of heavily armed fiefdoms run by thugs , gangs , militias , radical Islamists and warlords who are often paid wages of $ 300 a month by the U.S. military .
Iraq is Yugoslavia before the storm .
It is a caldron of weapons , lawlessness , hate and criminality that is destined to implode .
And the current U.S. policy , born of desperation and defeat , means that when Iraq goes up , the U.S. military will have to scurry like rats for cover .
The supporters of the war , from the Bush White House to Sen.
John McCain , tout the surge as the magic solution .
But the surge , which primarily deployed 30,000 troops in and around Baghdad , did little to thwart the sectarian violence .
The decline in attacks began only when we bought off the Sunni Arabs .
U.S. commanders in the bleak fall of 2006 had little choice .
It was that or defeat .
The steady rise in U.S. casualties , the massive car bombs that tore apart city squares in Baghdad and left hundreds dead , the brutal ethnic cleansing that was creating independent ethnic enclaves beyond our control throughout Iraq , the death squads that carried out mass executions and a central government that was as corrupt as it was impotent signaled catastrophic failure .
The United States cut a deal with its Sunni Arab enemies .
It would pay the former insurgents .
It would allow them to arm and form military units and give them control of their ethnic enclaves .
The Sunni Arabs , in exchange , would halt attacks on U.S. troops .
The Sunni Arabs agreed .
The U.S. is currently spending hundreds of millions of dollars to pay the monthly salaries of some 600,000 armed fighters in the three rival ethnic camps in Iraq .
These fighters — Shiite , Kurd and Sunni Arab — are not only antagonistic but deeply unreliable allies .
The Sunni Arab militias have replaced central government officials , including police , and taken over local administration and security in the pockets of Iraq under their control .
They have no loyalty outside of their own ethnic community .
Once the money runs out , or once they feel strong enough to make a thrust for power , the civil war in Iraq will accelerate with deadly speed .
The tactic of money - for - peace failed in Afghanistan .
The U.S. doled out funds and weapons to tribal groups in Afghanistan to buy their loyalty , but when the payments and weapons shipments ceased , the tribal groups headed back into the embrace of the Taliban .
The Sunni Arab militias are known by a variety of names : the Iraqi Security Volunteers ( ISVs ) , neighborhood watch groups , Concerned Local Citizens , Critical Infrastructure Security .
The militias call themselves “ sahwas ” ( “ sahwa ” being the Arabic word for awakening ) .
There are now 80,000 militia fighters , nearly all Sunni Arabs , paid by the United States to control their squalid patches of Iraq .
They are expected to reach 100,000 .
The Sunni Arab militias have more fighters under arms than the Shiite Mahdi Army and are about half the size of the feeble Iraqi army .
The Sunni Awakening groups , which fly a yellow satin flag , are forming a political party .
The Sunni Arab militias , though they have ended attacks on U.S. forces , detest the Shiite - Kurdish government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki and abhor the presence of U.S. troops on Iraqi soil .
They take the money and the support with clenched teeth because with it they are able to build a renegade Sunni army , a third force inside Iraq , which they believe will make it possible to overthrow the central government .
The Sunni Arabs , who make up about 40 percent of Iraq ’s population , held most positions of power under Saddam Hussein .
They dominated Iraq ’s old officer corps .
They made up its elite units , including the Republic Guard divisions and the Special Forces regiments .
They controlled the intelligence agencies .
There are several hundred thousand well - trained Sunni Arabs who lack only an organizational structure .
We have now made the formation of this structure possible .
These militias are the foundation for a deadlier insurgent force , one that will dwarf anything the United States faced in the past .
The U.S. is arming , funding and equipping its own assassins .
There have been isolated clashes that point to a looming conflagration .
A Shiite - dominated unit of the regular army in the late summer of 2007 attacked a strong Sunni Arab force west of Baghdad .
U.S. troops thrust themselves between the two factions .
The enraged Shiites , thwarted in their attack , kidnapped relatives of the commander of the Sunni Arab force , and American negotiators had to plead frantically for their release .
There have been scattered incidents like this one throughout Iraq .
If the U.S. begins , as promised , to withdraw troops , it will be harder to keep these antagonistic factions apart .
The cease - fire by the radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , extended a few days ago , could collapse .
And if that happens , a civil war , unlike anything U.S. forces have experienced in Iraq , will begin .
Such a conflagration , with the potential to draw in neighboring states and lead to the dismemberment of Iraq , would be the final chapter of the worst foreign policy blunder in American history .
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia
As a Saudi soldier with a gold sword high - stepped in front of him , President Bush walked slowly beside King Abdullah through the shivery gray mist enveloping the kingdom , following the red carpet leading from Air Force One to the airport terminal .
When the two stepped onto the escalator , the president tenderly reached for the king ’s hand , in case the older man needed help .
He certainly does need help , but not the kind he is prepared to accept .
It took Mr. Bush almost his entire presidency to embrace diplomacy , but now that he ’s in the thick of it , or perhaps the thin of it  given his speed - dating approach to statesmanship  he is kissing and holding hands with kings , princes , emirs , sheiks and presidents all over the Arab world and is trying to persuade them that he is not in a monogamous relationship with the Jews .
His message boiled down to : Iran bad , Israel good , Iraq doing better .
Blessed is the peacemaker who comes bearing a $ 30 billion package of military aid for Israel and a $ 20 billion package of Humvees and guided bombs for the Arabs .
for
while
for
while
for-each
yield
// In C
for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++)
list [ i ]++
-- In Haskell
incList ( x:xs ) = 1+x : foo xs
incList [ ] = [ ]
incList = map ( +1 )
iterate - over - list
map
map f ( x : xs ) = f x : map f xs
map f [ ] = [ ]
-- in C
int total = 0 ;
for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++)
total += list [ i ] ;
-- in Haskell
sum [ ] = 0
sum ( x:xs ) = x + sum xs
-- or using the built in foldl
sum = foldl (+ ) 0
foldl
for
for
f
x
int x ;
while ( 1 ) {
int x2 = f( x ) ;
if ( x == x2 ) break ;
x = x2 ;
}
fix f x = if x == x2 then x else fix f x2
where x2 = f x
f
x
fix
lambda
simplify
inline
specialise
lambda
simplify
lambda
fixList orig x = f orig x
where
f [ ] x = x
f ( a:as ) x = if x == x2 then f as x else f orig x2
where x2 = a x
fixList [ lambda , simplify , inline , specialise ]
fixList
int x , x2 ;
begin :
x = x2 ;
x2 = lambda( x ) ; if ( x != x2 ) goto begin ;
x2 = simplify ( x ) ; if ( x != x2 ) goto begin ;
x2 = inline( x ) ; if ( x != x2 ) goto begin ;
x2 = specialise(x ) ; if ( x != x2 ) goto begin ;
n
int
inline
In normal programming languages , there are many keywords for , such asetc .
These flow control keywords encode a particular pattern of iteration , such as looping over a range ( in the case of ) or continuing until some condition holds ( ) .
Imperative programming languages continue to add more iteration keywords : both C# / Java have introduced some form of ; Python / C# have ; Ada has many variants .
Haskell does n't have these iteration keywords , but instead relies on recursion .
This choice , when coupled with a few other Haskell ingredients , makes it much more powerful .
Take for example the task of looping over a sequence , adding 1 to each element : I 've used C mutating an array , and Haskell allocating a new list , simply because that would be the natural thing to do in each language .
However , the great thing about higher - order functions is that we can now go back and abstract the flow control in Haskell , giving us :
The above function maps over a list , incrementing each element .
People have identified a common pattern ( iterating over a list ) and rather than baking it into the language with a keyword such as , a library function can provide the operation .
It is very important thatis not special in any way , and can simply be defined as :
The great advantage is that rather than being restricted to a limited range of flow control operators that someone somewhere decided upon , we can add new ones .
Let 's take another example , that of summing a list :
In Haskell there is a standard library functionwhich iterates over a list using an accumulator , managing updates to the accumulator for you , and setting an initial value .
In C there is no such operator , so the more general purposeis used .
But these examples are very common , so C'skeyword has provided most most of the control flow .
However , sometimes you need more exotic flow control , which the authors of the language did not think of including .
Take the example of computing a fixed point of a functionon the valueHere the Haskell version shows its power , instead of having defined a particular instance for a particularand a particular type of value , in Haskell we have basically definedas a new form of flow control .
In C we were still able to define something , but it was much harder .
Now consider the following example that I was working on yesterday .
I have an algorithm which has 4 stages , .
Each stage must be run in turn , but if any stage changes something , then we restart from the beginning .
For example , we apply , then - if something changes we restart at .
We only finish once all the stages have been run without changing anything .
In Haskell this code is simple : I define a new function called , which provides an abstraction of flow control .
The actual operations have been well isolated from this structure .
I considered how to express this in structured C and drew a complete blank .
My best guess is :
It might be possible to change some of this flow control into a macro , but I can think of no clean abstraction .
Haskell is a great language for building abstractions , flow - control is just one highly useful instance .
Some of the code in this article is n't quite as nice as I 'd wanted it to be , and is n't really a fair comparison .
The array processing code in C relies on having definedto be the length of the list , and having that tracked separately .
The fixed point definition on C works overto get a nice equality test , but that is merely a limitation of the language not having a standardized way to do equality .
The C code could use function pointers , but in realitytakes an extra argument so is used as a closure in Haskell - and besides , that would hardly be the standard way of coding C .
The ARIES ( Advanced Research on Internet E- Servers ) Project started in 2000 as part of the Open Systems Lab research activities at the Ericsson Corporate Unit of Research .
Initially , the project aimed to find and prototype the necessary technology to prove the feasibility of an internet server that had the guaranteed availability , response time and scalability using Linux and open - source software .
The project was successful , and it continued in 2001 to focus on enhancing the clustering capabilities of Linux to be the operating system of choice for the Mobile Internet servers .
Many enhancements were added in the areas of load balancing , traffic distribution and security , in addition to IP v6 support .
One interesting question that came up was what is the impact of supporting IP v6 on other protocols used by different applications on our Linux clusters ?
To answer this question , we started a study investigating the effects of IP v6 support on other protocols , such as SCTP .
Part of the study is to test applications in SCTP over IPv6 .
However , we did not have the time and resources to set up a lab with multiple nodes and applications that use SCTP over IPv6 .
Instead , we chose the next best solution , network simulation .
There is a growing recognition within different internet communities of the importance of simulation tools that help design and test new internet protocols .
New services and protocols present challenges for testing .
For instance , quality of service and multicast delivery require large and complex environments .
Protocol designers recognize the advantages of simulation when computing resources are not available or are too expensive to duplicate a real lab setup .
With simulation , you can do large - scale tests that are controlled and reproducible .
This was exactly what we needed to build our case scenarios ; the search started primarily for an open - source tool because most of our work targets the deployment of open - source software based on Linux .
Our target application is a real - time network simulation tool that we can use to define the different scenarios .
A very interesting open - source tool we came across was Network Simulator 2 ( NS2 ) , which was developed by the Information Sciences Institute at the University of Southern California .
In this article , we summarize how to install and configure NS2 and look at two different simulation scenarios .
The first scenario involves monitoring SCTP traffic between two nodes , and the second scenario looks at the behavior of web traffic and web applications over TCP over a six - node network .
The Tool : Network Simulator 2 NS2 is an open - source simulation tool that runs on Linux .
It is a discreet event simulator targeted at networking research and provides substantial support for simulation of routing , multicast protocols and IP protocols , such as UDP , TCP , RTP and SRM over wired and wireless ( local and satellite ) networks .
It has many advantages that make it a useful tool , such as support for multiple protocols and the capability of graphically detailing network traffic .
Additionally , NS2 supports several algorithms in routing and queuing .
LAN routing and broadcasts are part of routing algorithms .
Queuing algorithms include fair queuing , deficit round - robin and FIFO .
NS2 started as a variant of the REAL network simulator in 1989 ( see Resources ) .
REAL is a network simulator originally intended for studying the dynamic behavior of flow and congestion control schemes in packet - switched data networks .
Currently NS2 development by VINT group is supported through Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) with SAMAN and through NSF with CONSER , both in collaboration with other researchers including ACIRI ( see Resources ) .
NS2 is available on several platforms such as FreeBSD , Linux , SunOS and Solaris .
NS2 also builds and runs under Windows .
Simple scenarios should run on any reasonable machine ; however , very large scenarios benefit from large amounts of memory .
Additionally , NS2 requires the following packages to run : Tcl release 8.3.2 , Tk release 8.3.2 , OTcl release 1.0a7 and TclCL release 1.0b11 .
Installation and Configuration
The process of installing NS2 is straightforward yet lengthy .
At the time of writing , the most recent version was 2.1b8 .
We are interested in the " all - in - one " package because it includes the source code that we want to patch in SCTP support .
You can download the all - in - one package from the NS2 home page ( see Resources ) into /usr / src and extract it as follows : cd /usr / src tar xzvf ns - allinone - 2.1b8.tar.gz cd ns-allinone - 2.1b8
Because we want to examine a case scenario involving SCTP , we need to apply the SCTP patch to NS2 from the University of Delaware .
The patch is available for the NS2 all - in - one 2.1b8 version and can be downloaded from the Protocol Engineering Lab home page ( see Resources ) .
With the Linux patch utility , you can update the NS2 source code to include support for SCTP by applying the patch : patch - p0 < ns - allinone-2.1b8.sctp-rel2.2_patch_orig
In the same directory , there is a script named install that will configure , compile and install the required and optional NS2 components .
There is no interaction with the user while installing ; the script is completely automated .
You must execute the script as superuser so that installation of binaries will be completed : ./ install
When the installation process is complete , the following message will appear on your shell Please put $ CUR_PATH / bin:$ CUR_PATH/tcl$TCLVER/unix:$CUR_PATH/
tk$ TKVER / unix into your PATH environment ; so that you 'll be able to run itm / tclsh / wish / xgraph .
IMPORTANT NOTICES : [...]
Carefully follow all instructions given in the notices .
The above - mentioned variables can be updated either by editing /etc / profile or changing environment variables directly .
In case you updated /etc / profile , you need to source your new environment for the changes to take effect ( i.e. , source / etc / profile ) .
The NS2 validation suite will verify that all protocols are functional .
This will fail if the install process was not completed ; however , running validation is optional , and it consumes twice as much time as the compilation and installation process .
To run the validation suite : cd ./ns-2.1b8 ./ validate
Using NS2 to Monitor SCTP
Traffic SCTP is a transmission protocol that was introduced by the IETF workgroup SIGTRAN in October 2000 ( RFC 2960 ) to allow SS7 traffic over IP .
However , since then it has adopted many more uses because of its versatility as it also supports multihoming , network congestion control , error - free sequenced delivery and many other options .
After applying the SCTP patch to NS2 package , a README file is created : /usr / src/ns-allinone-2.1b8/ns-2.1b8/sctp.README .
At the end of the sctp .
README file , there is an example script for an SCTP interaction .
In the simulation generated by this Tcl script , you will observe SCTP 's four - way handshake as described in RFC 2960 , as well as congestion control .
This scenario examines FTP traffic over SCTP between two nodes : node 0 is FTP client and node 1 is FTP server .
The original script is hard coded for version 2.1b7a .
You need to update few lines to reflect your own setup .
Listing 1 has been updated assuming that NS2 version 2.1b8 was installed .
Listing 1 . SCTP Simulation Script
The changes that were applied to the original script are basically setting the paths depending on the specific environment .
Once you update the paths of all used tools , you are ready to start NS2 for a network simulation of SCTP .
To start the simulation , follow these steps : cd /usr / src/ns-allinone-2.1b8 ns ./sctp.tcl
Figure 1 . SCTP Data Profile Figure 2 . Simulation Window
On execution , three windows will appear .
The first window is represented by Figure 1 showing a graph with packet traffic .
The second window shows the simulation window as seen in Figure 2 .
The third window is the control window of the network animator ( NAM ) .
It is interesting to see the graph generated by NS2 ( Figure 1 ) .
The yellow x represents a dropped packet and horizontally to the right is the retransmission .
This dropped packet occurred because of an error loss model that was introduced into the script that simply drops the specified packets between nodes given .
SCTP manages retransmission similarly to TCP , supporting fast retransmit .
set err [ new ErrorModel / List ] $err droplist { 15 } $ ns lossmodel $err $ n0 $ n1 In the simulation window ( Figure 2 ) , right click on the link between both nodes and select graph --> graph bandwidth , and then click on Link 0 --> 1 ; you will obtain a bar graph representing bandwidth going from node 0 to node 1 .
You can repeat this process for reverse traffic bandwidth to monitor traffic going from node 1 to node 0 .
Now , you should see traffic bandwidth graphs below node display ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 . Traffic Bandwidth Utility Graphs
Before we start the scenario , we will take a brief look at some important lines in the script and explain what they do : [... ]
//
After initializing trace // files and simulation windows set n0 [ $ ns node ] // two nodes are created set n1 [ $ ns node ] // ( n0 and n1 ) $ ns duplex - link $ n0 $ n1 .5 Mb 300 ms DropTail // then they are linked // together $ ns duplex - link - op $ n0 $ n1 orient right [...] set sctp0 [ new Agent / SCTP ] $ ns attach - agent $ n0 $ sctp0 [...] set sctp1 [ new Agent / SCTP ] $ ns attach - agent $ n1 $ sctp1
Then we define the protocol ( SCTP ) that will be used for destination and return traffic .
An agent , defining what protocol to use , is similar to a carrier for packets .
Each agent must be attached to a specific node : $ ns connect $ sctp0 $ sctp1 // connect both agents // together to set up // a communications // channel , or a stream [...] set ftp0 [ new Application / FTP ] // define the type of // application that // will use the // stream , FTP $ ftp0 attach - agent $ sctp0
To start real - time simulation , press the play forward button .
The first event to notice is the four packets that initiate the FTP connection .
This corresponds to the stream initiation behavior specified in RFC 2960 .
The other event to observe is congestion control .
SCTP will send few packets at a time and steadily increase until it reaches a maximum throughput but will not flood the network .
Although we do not alter our network 's bandwidth , the FTP connection between nodes 0 and 1 shows some basic congestion control .
The beginning and end of the FTP connection are defined on these lines : $ ns at 0.5 " $ ftp0 start " $ ns at 4.5 " $ ftp0 stop " Notice how the packets are being sent in an increasing fashion , or visually , in longer formats .
Actually , the packets are always the same length ; however , the number of packets received by the server is increased as can be seen by the number of SACKS received by client ( Figure 4 ) .
SACKS are sent to acknowledge each packet received to ensure packet validation and reliability .
Figure 4 . SACKS for Every SCTP Packet Sent The University of Delaware did not implement multihoming in their SCTP patch to NS2 .
This means that SCTP behaves similarly to TCP when it comes to streams .
Otherwise , packets could be seen traveling both along the primary path and along another routing path to the server 's second , third or other IP address .
A similar behavior is dynamic rerouting , which is a secondary function of SCTP 's primary path monitoring .
Using NS2 to Monitor Web Traffic over TCP
This scenario examines web traffic over a TCP network .
To simulate this case , we defined six nodes : node 0 is the client that will request a web page from the web server .
node 1 is the client 's router .
node 2 is the web cache 's primary router .
node 3 is the web cache 's secondary router .
node 4 is the web cache server .
node 5 is the web server .
The web cache ( node 4 ) is connected to a web server ( node 5 ) through a router ( node 3 ) .
The web client ( node 0 ) is connected to web cache ( node 4 ) with connection routed through the client 's router ( node 1 ) .
To simulate this case scenario , you need the script shown in Listing 2 .
Listing 2 . TCP Script
When executing ns ./tcpweb.tcl , you will obtain two windows : the network animator and the simulation window .
Figure 5 shows a possible layout of the nodes in simulation window .
To get an accurate picture of traffic from client , bandwidth graphs for the link between nodes 1 and 2 are displayed .
Figure 5 . Dynamic Rerouting of Packets
Link failure occurs between nodes 2 and 4 ( Figure 5 ) as defined by the following lines : $ ns rtmodel - at 3 down $ lrmon3 $ lmcrt1 $ ns rtmodel - at 7 up $ lrmon3 $ lmcrt1
Packets that were on the link are lost and must be retransmitted .
After failure , notice the break in packet traffic in the bandwidth graphs .
TCP packets are now taking another path from web cache to web client .
Yet the connection is not lost because of the failure , since we can see that packets are still being exchanged between client and cache .
If the display of nodes is not to your liking , you can change it using the Re-layout function button in the simulator window .
While playing the simulation , you can change the step using the slider bar .
This will be especially useful during the link failure between three and seven seconds to see dropped packets .
Another interesting aspect of this scenario is the visual server - cache and client - cache interaction .
You can see a model of real - time common interactions on the Internet .
Of course , bear in mind that this is a generalized simulation .
NS2 Graphical Editor
If you prefer a graphical interface to setup network simulations , NAM supports a drag - and - drop user interface .
You can place network nodes , link them together and define user agents and their associated application or traffic generator .
SCTP is not included in this interface because the patch was specific to NS2 source code , not NAM .
NAM is useful for quickly building a network topology .
However , we experienced multiple segmentation faults during editing ( back up your files often ) .
The following example explains how to use basic NAM features .
The first step is to start an instance of NAM by executing ./ nam .
Selecting New in the file menu , you will see the editor window appear .
For this example , we are trying to build the topology seen in Figure 6 .
Figure 6 . NAM Editor
On the toolbar , click on the Add node button and place three nodes in editor window by right clicking at the correct positions .
To link nodes , click on Add link .
Select one node and drag - click to the next node to create link .
Next , choose which agents you want to use on network in agent drop - down menu .
To add an agent , click on the appropriate node .
Lastly , you choose what applications you want to simulate : either FTP or CBR source .
To add an application , click on the chosen agent .
At this point , you can right click on different elements in your topology and edit their properties such as color or start and end time for applications .
If you get a dialog saying that you must connect your agents , use Add link and connect different agents to simulate your scenario .
In case of a blunder , there is a delete button on the toolbar .
Note that editor and simulation windows are both part of NAM , but simulation must first be interpreted by NS2 so that NAM can replay the log of simulation .
Conclusion
We decided to test NS2 because of its support of SCTP ( which is a requirement for us ) , graphical representations , multiple protocols and many other reasons .
However , you need to patch the source code in case the protocol you want to simulate is not supported and live with low - quality graphics tool .
NS2 is a tool that helps you better understand certain mechanisms in protocol definitions , such as congestion control , that are difficult to see in live testing .
It provides good documentation and support for different add - ons .
We recommend NS2 as a tool to help understand how protocols work and interact with different network topologies .
We would like to enforce the need for such tools to be open source and targeted toward supporting Linux .
With the emergence of new protocols , such as IPv6 and SCTP , NS2 can be very useful for the Open Source community .
Nintendo Co's
Wii game console is displayed at an electronic shop in Tokyo's Akihabara district January 24 , 2008 .
Nintendo's
Wii game console outsold Sony Corp 's PlayStation 3 nearly 4 - to - 1 in Japan in February as Wii software titles dominated the best seller list , a game magazine publisher said .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Nintendo Co Ltd's 7974.OS
Wii game console outsold Sony Corp 's 6758 .
T PlayStation 3 nearly 4 - to - 1 in Japan in February as Wii software titles dominated the best seller list , a game magazine publisher said .
Nintendo sold 331,627 units of the Wii in the four weeks to February 24 , compared with 89,131 units of the PS3 , Enterbrain said on Thursday .
The Wii ’s lead on the PS3 appears to be widening : In January , Nintendo ’s game console outsold Sony ’s by almost 3 - to - 1 .
Nintendo ’s own “ Super Smash Bros. Brawl ” for the Wii became the best - selling software for the month in Japan , with 1.33 million units sold , followed by the “ Wii Fit ” home fitness game , which sold 309,311 units in the four weeks , Enterbrain said .
The Wii has been leading the three - way game console battle with the PS3 and Microsoft Corp's MSFT .
O Xbox 360 as its strategy of offering easy - to - play and innovative games to expand the overall game population has proved a big success .
Microsoft , whose videogame business is struggling in Japan , home to both Sony and Nintendo , sold 14,079 Xbox 360 units .
Shares of Nintendo closed down 1.4 percent at 56,300 yen , while Sony fell 1.9 percent to 5,220 yen , underperforming the Nikkei average .
N225 , which was down 0.8 percent .
It is a travesty that the fates of some 35 million Americans who need food aid are tied to the farm bill , which comes up every five years .
The House passed an inadequate version last summer , and the Senate has failed to advance its own .
It is time to ask why feeding the hungry must include a trough for multibillion - dollar agribusiness .
As it has pressed to keep its subsidies , about $ 26 billion in the current bill , agribusiness has contributed $ 415 million to federal political campaigns since 1990 , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
The hungry do n’t have much of a lobby .
But those who cannot consistently put food on the table need the help promised in the bill , including more than $ 4 billion in improvements in the food stamp program and for emergency assistance .
If the aid remains in the farm bill , and if it remains in a logjam , aid would continue at current , inadequate levels .
Food stamps regularly help 26 million people get something to eat .
But the previous farm bill did not peg benefits to inflation , so as food prices have skyrocketed , families who were just barely getting by are now in a much worse place .
Some 800,000 food stamp recipients  disproportionately elderly or disabled  are being told to make due on a minimum benefit of $ 10 per month .
That amount has remained unchanged in 30 years .
As The Times recently reported , food banks and soup kitchens across the nation are being depleted by demand so overwhelming that the needy are being turned away , or given help so minimal , it is hardly worth the energy expended to get it .
In a few days it will be 2008 , well into the future .
Movies promised us we'd be flying cars to our jobs at the robot factory .
Instead , we have to settle for iPods , free online checking accounts and AIDS .
Of course , the future would n't have been such a disappointment if Hollywood had n't gotten our hopes so high .
2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 )
Set In
2001 , according to our research of the title on the DVD case
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Premise
Mankind has begun colonizing space ( awesome ) , leading to the discovery of an alien artifact under the lunar surface ( even more awesome ) .
An investigative space mission is undertaken with the help of a self - aware murderous supercomputer named HAL 9000 ( so fucking awesome we just peed a little bit ) .
The Predictions
Advanced Artificial Intelligence :
The closest thing we had to HAL in 2001 were AOL Instant Messenger Bots , which can " chat " in an irritating , judgmental way .
These bots were designed to function at an intelligence level on par with your average AOL user , so let 's just say we were n't in immediate danger of a HAL - like consciousness taking over a NASA mission and eliminating its crew members .
Luckily , our 2001 - era highly - combustible space shuttles were quite capable of killing astronauts on their own , thank you very much .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Innovative New Technology :
There 's a scene in 2001 in which a character is dozing in front of a flat - panel screen built into the seat in front of him -- an impressively accurate prediction of JetBlue and other airlines with TVs in their seat back .
Even more noteworthy is that he 's watching programming that 's obviously from the 1960s , eerily anticipating Nick at Nite .
Widespread Space Travel :
It 's easy to chide Space Odyssey for its ambitious forecast of turn - of - the - century space travel , but keep in mind that the film was released in 1968 , a full year before we faked the moon landing .
Nobody could have guessed that the Soviet Union would forfeit the Space Race for fear of getting its dress dirty , and then finally collapse like a little girl .
This deprived us the fruits of competition .
Were the Soviets still tinkering around with satellites , we 'd probably be colonizing Pluto instead of bitterly revoking its status as a planet .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Overall Accuracy
2001 is often celebrated for its clairvoyance , because a few of its inane predications came vaguely true .
But , the major plot elements still seem like crackhead visions of the distant future .
And the movie 's notion that we 'd still have attractive flight attendants in 2001 now seems preposterous .
Experts answer what they know .
The Non-Expert answers anything .
This week we pull out all the stops to help a reader say “ I love you , ” in precisely 100 different ways .
Have a question ?
Need some advice ?
Ignored by everyone else ?
Send us your questions via email .
The Non-Expert handles all subjects and is updated on Fridays , and is written by a member of The Morning News staff .
Question : I need 100 ways to say “ I love you ” to my girlfriend .
We made a bet last night that I could n’t come up with 100 and I can’t lose !
Help me pa -pa - pa - pa - please non-expert .
— Rod
Answer :
Here ’s the way to say “ I love you ” : rarely .
To say it a hundred ways is to cheapen a pure sentiment ; to place a bet with your girlfriend on your ability to do just that is to participate in a culture that has commoditized affection and thrown it into the remainder bin ; and to ask someone else to come up with your hundred ways represents love at its nadir — pure romantic sloth .
Why not deep - fry a bag of candy hearts and toss them on the rug for her to eat ?
That ’s the ( 1 ) first suggestion .
Then there are the twee ways to say it : ( 2 ) with freshly cut flowers , assuming she is not a flower ; ( 3 ) with a bust made of fudge ; ( 4 ) with wee spaniels ; ( 5 ) through blinking tears ; ( 6 ) whispered to her hearing aid ; ( 7 ) inscribed into her lawn with gasoline ; ( 8 ) tattooed on your taint ; ( 9 ) while she sleeps and you stand outside the window .
Remember
When …
( 10 ) … you murmured it for the first time into her ear when she was a lass and you were a lad , when you were walking her home from church group and the leaves were falling ?
She took your hand , her thin fingers , strong from piano lessons , firm against your palm .
( 11 ) And later , beneath her window at night , you called it up to her as the rain began to fall ; ( 12 ) and still later , both of you were seniors at Montgomery High , and you said it quietly , smiling , as you parked the car in the lot near the state park and then , for the first time , you made love .
( 13 ) You blurted it out at the moment of ecstasy , and ( 14 ) whispered it urgently as the spotlight shone through the windshield and you heard the tap of a baton on the window .
( 15 ) You sobbed those words as the cop yanked her from the car and said , “ enough of your sass , ” brought down the baton on her legs , over and over , until she fell over on her side and her face went slack .
( 16 ) You mumbled it while sitting next to her hospital bed , holding those same thin fingers — but the fingers did not grip yours , and instead of the sound of the fall breeze there was the beep of medical machinery .
The doctors said a blood clot .
Her furious mother ordered you from the room , and you were told not to attend the viewing .
So the next time you were next to her ( 17 ) was beside the fresh dirt of her grave , when you fell to your knees and shouted it over and over , long after the other mourners had gone home .
( 18 )
( 19 )
Show , Do n’t Tell
( 20 ) You told her about your well - managed herpes .
( 21 ) You purchased matching fursuits so that you could renew your vows as foxes .
( 22 ) You gave her back her daughter .
( 23 ) You let her shoot the first deer of the season .
( 24 ) You ignored her Adam ’s apple .
( 25 ) You cut the words into the back of a bus seat with a pocketknife .
( 26 ) Scratched them into her cellphone screen .
( 27 ) Spelled them out across the bottom of the bathtub in her hair , which you ’d dutifully collected from the shower - drain .
( 28 ) You had the bailiff pass her a note .
( 29 ) In the late 19th century you cut her name into the cornfields , hoping someone would invent the airplane .
What Actually Happened
( 30 ) True story — this took place about seven years ago and it was probably the worst romantic mistake I ever made .
I was in mid-orbit near Arcturus cluster , just prior to our first battle with the Ximphids , those loathesome orange - hearted reptile flowers ( all praise their gentle rule ) .
I was ordered to take a small shuttle and install quantum signaling units on our recently - militarized passenger ships .
And at the time I was deeply in love with a woman named Four , a signals - processing corpswoman on the CENTCOM cruiser .
I decided to add a special code to the announcement matrix of the battle cruisers so that they would send the words “ I love you Four , ” signed with my name and my public key , encoded into a subsignal embedded in the principal security wavelength .
I knew that Four would see it , because it was her job to receive and interpret the millions of messages received per second from the various ships of the fleet .
However — and this is funny or sad depending on how you see life — in a forgetful moment I used the old cruiser encryption standards for my private message .
That caused interference with the shared navigation graph .
And so fifteen days later I watched as the CENTCOM cruiser ( its misdirected rockets misfiring wildly as Ximphid drones carved into its hull ) turned end - up and smashed into the hyperoxygenated atmosphere of the low - gravity moon Elchi , whereupon a jet of flame rose briefly a hundred miles into space , atomizing my love Four along with the half - million crew with her on that vessel .
At that the entire Elchian atmosphere — and Elchi , remember , was our sole source for raw weapons materials — ignited and burned a bright blue - orange for 20 minutes before extinguishing itself , and my hopes , and the hopes of humankind .
Cut off , utterly dependent on the benevolence of our enemies , we were eternally enslaved .
In retrospect , I wonder , should I have kept my feelings to myself ?
Not that I am not grateful to the Ximphids .
Alas , Four !
Intelligent Agent
( 35 ) Build a machine capable of feeling and make it fall in love with you , then abandon it for six months in a closet without an internet connection and only top 40 radio as company .
Take the hundreds of sad love songs it writes and sell them under a variety of pseudonyms to A - list stars .
Before you retire to your own island , unplug the machine so that no one ever discovers your secret .
To the Mountaintops
( 36 ) She stands on the unpaved road with your newborn son on her breast .
Even though she can’t hear you over the sound of the helicopter , you ’re screaming the words .
Six months and you ’ll send for her .
You promise .
On a rainy midspring morning 26 years later your son appears at the electronics store where you are senior sales .
He ’s been looking for you for 15 years , since his mother brought him to the States .
He asks to buy a VCR .
All you can see is that he ’s a young guy , good - looking , but nervous .
That ’s normal ; even at $ 200 it ’s still a big - ticket item for a lot of people .
You show him a few models but sell him a cheap Toshiba ( “ Do n’t you ( 37 ) love the picture quality ? ” you ask , after popping in a Schwarzenegger movie .
“ Watch — fast - forward — best in the price range . ” )
You make it sound like a Cadillac .
The markup works in your favor and you ’d have come down $ 20 but he does n’t think to bargain — like everyone his age , he ’s used to mall stores .
You do n’t think anything of it when he signs your last name to the credit - card receipt ; lots of people share your last name .
What you do notice is that this kid has a staring problem and he ’s panting like a dog in an oven .
You worry that he ’s going to catch buyer ’s remorse and show up tomorrow morning demanding a refund .
So as he turns and walks out with the ugly cardboard box in his arms , you hold the door for him . ( 38 ) “ You ’re going to love that , ” you say .
“ Just a great little machine .
Give it time and you ’ll see . ”
The door closes and now you see him stop and turn .
He looks back through the huge windows , his face partially obscured by yellow starbursts announcing 30 percent off select CD players .
He ( 39 ) opens his mouth as if he ’s going to say something and takes a step back toward the store , but you quickly turn away and ask another customer if they need any help .
James loads the VCR into the back of the brown Dodge station wagon and sits behind the wheel for a moment , breathing hard .
He takes a long ride out of town and crosses two rivers , then heads back to the townhouse .
There , his wife asks him what ’s wrong .
He smiles at her and shrugs and taps her bare knee .
He goes upstairs to sit next to his sleeping daughters , who breathe .
He ( 40 ) whispers the words and goes to the bathroom to wash his face ; then he goes quietly down the carpeted stairs to join his wife at the kitchen table .
( 41 )
Other Ways to Say It
( 42 ) Inappropriately , to a coworker who is already sleeping with another coworker .
( 43 ) With a heart filled with lies .
( 44 ) With a she puppet and a you puppet .
( 45 ) As she leaves for Spain with your much better - looking brother .
( 46 ) At Thanksgiving , to her twin sister , by accident . ( 47 ) In glow - in - the - dark - paint on the bedroom ceiling .
( 48 ) Directed toward the heavy , sealed barrel in the basement where you ’ve hidden the secrets .
( 49 ) While pounding on the motel - room door .
( 50 ) Branded onto her favorite pig .
( 51 ) With dozens and dozens of greeting cards , because the motorcycle accident caused a hemispheral infarction that has made it impossible for you to verbalize emotion and also turned you into a compulsive shopper .
( 52 ) By promising to read her novel .
( 53 ) By actually reading it . ( 54 )
By telling her that she really captured something beautiful about what it means to be a young woman who rides horses in Connecticut .
( 55 )
By asking her gently if the rape scene should go on for 75 pages .
( 56 ) By admitting that as a man it ’s unlikely you could ever understand and apologizing for questioning her literary judgment .
( 57 )
( 58 ) Promise her she ’ll never have to work at American Apparel again .
( 59 ) Tell her how you feel while you stand at the foot of the huge bed and look upon her sleeping body , while cursing yourself for being a ghost whose words cannot be heard by the living .
Or for Poorer
( 60 ) Yell it over your shoulder as you are pushed into the squad car ; ( 61 ) say it from the witness stand while the judge gavels for order . ( 62 ) Say it on visiting day ; ( 63 ) and by making parole . ( 64 ) Say it by not stopping by Flashdancers on the way to buy formula ; ( 65 ) by showing up sober for Thanksgiving ; ( 66 ) by not being racist in front of her sister ’s new boyfriend ; ( 67 ) by taking the job with her father and not complaining ; ( 68 ) by telling your brother he can’t sell his shit out of the shed ; ( 69 ) by fixing the car ; ( 70 ) by not reminding her every five minutes because when you were gone what the hell was she supposed to do and where the hell were you again ?
( 71 ) By changing a diaper once in a while ; ( 72 ) and by going to group .
Discovery
When you ’re hired to clean up the offices of Artificial Productions and open the closet door on the third floor , plug in the strange gray machine that you find there .
When it boots up , it will ask : “ do you love me ? ” Say ( 73 ) “ yes , I do love you , machine . ”
Take her home with you and plug her in .
Hook her up to an old synthesizer keyboard .
And talk to her .
Get to know her .
Help her heal .
Start a new company with her as equal partner and sell her amazing , nearly - unlimited output of fresh , upbeat songs to a top 40 market dispirited by the glut of sad songs she wrote earlier .
Protect her from the cruel agents of the National Security Administration who would use her for their own needs .
( 74 )
( 75 )
Go Modern
( 76 ) Get rid of the old girlfriends from your social networking websites ; ( 77 ) from your cell phone ; ( 78 ) from your email address book .
( 79 ) Give away your personals sites credits .
( 80 ) Reprogram the LCD on her printer to say the words .
( 81 ) Erase all the porn . ( 82 ) Change your status to “ interested in : just friends . ”
( 83 )
Go Modern : College Edition
Show your feelings with ( 84 ) a collage of old medical illustrations ; ( 85 ) with emo mix -CDs ; ( 86 ) via the poetry of Pablo Neruda or Jorge Luis Borges that you have copied into a small black journal ; ( 87 ) whispered over tracks played on your college radio show ; ( 88 ) hidden in secret comments of your blog ; ( 89 ) by walking to the graveyard with her and sitting on a cold stone with your hands barely touching ; ( 90 ) by countless emails laden with stunted yearning ; ( 91 ) by saving all of her chat transcripts ; ( 92 ) by reading every one of her friends ’ profiles to get to know her better ; ( 93 ) by hacking into her email to see what she thinks of you ; ( 94 ) by erasing all the messages you sent her ; ( 95 ) by standing outside in the snow looking up at her dorm room until campus security asks you what ’s going on .
Our Wedding Vows Will Fill Up Four Slots
( 96 ) I will not hide anything from you except surprises .
( 97 ) I promise to let you make fun of me .
( 98 ) I promise to meet you at the emergency room with a book and a sweater .
( 99 ) I promise to always see and treat you as an equal .
( 100 )
FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION REPORTS AS OF JAN .
31 , 2008 :
Total Military Donations for entire 2008 Presidential Election
Pro War candidates :
McCain : $ 79,597 ; 413 donors
Romney : $ 29,250 ; 140 donors
Huckabee : $ 24,562 ; 94 donors
Total : $ 133,409 ; 649 donors
" Anti-War " Candidates ( anti in quotations because Clinton voted yes to Iraq War authorization , Obama has voted yes for multiple Iraq War funding bills , and neither endorses immediate withdrawal )
Obama : $ 81,037 ; 466 donors
Clinton : $ 49,523 ; 181 donors
Total : $ 130,560 ; 647 donors
And then there 's Ron Paul , the lone immediate withdrawal advocate , last man standing to vote against the authorization and every Iraq war funding bill that has come through Congress , where does he stand ?
$ 286,764 ; 1349 donors
All remaining candidates combined :
$ 263,969 ; 1294 donors
What ??!
More than all remaining candidates combined ??
In both categories ??
Oddly enough , the supposedly anti-war liberal left members of the media have not bothered to mention this .
The most shocking aspect is that Clinton and Obama together have raised nearly 8 times what Paul has , an astounding $ 217 million !
And yet with no celebrity endorsements like Oprah or former president Clinton , only 13 % of their fundraising power , and not even a tenth of their press coverage , he manages to crush their combined military numbers by over double .
I guess his assessment of the war and foreign policy is making sense to the people that actually understand it .
Go figure !
Is The Workplace The Best Place To Find Love ?
A person ’s life is largely determined by the conditions and circumstances of the social groups they find themselves in .
Few persons are able to free themselves completely from the people and institutions in which they ’ve grown up .
Only a moment ’s reflection is required to prove this .
You went to college .
At some point you started thinking about your career .
You went for an internship or made some other connection that would give you an advantage in getting a job after graduation .
In your current job , you make friends and work to gain the trust of individuals who can advance you even further .
Even if you have not taken this specific route in your life , you have no doubt taken some other path that corresponds to its general form .
The bottom line is you must work your links to people with similar aims , interests , education , and attitudes in order to get ahead in life .
Indeed , this last claim applies not only to your work life , but also to your love life as well .
It is no mystery as to why the top online dating sites stake their reputations on matching compatible individuals .
Nor is it surprising that dating sites catering exclusively to professionals have become increasingly popular .
You are more likely to get on with someone who has attained the same level of education and is familiar with your world .
For professional women , this can be a rather embarrassing thing to admit .
Democratic manners abhor elitism of every kind .
A man ’s class or social background should be no bar to his eligibility to become your partner .
There are two things to say about this widely held belief .
The first is that you , as a professional woman , are part of the meritocratic elite — which is the natural consequence of your hard work and perseverance .
The second is that forming a relationship cannot be done on the basis of charity .
You and your man must share a common vision of life .
This will not only lighten the atmosphere of those initial first dates ; it will also make it easier for the two of you to fall in love .
This line of reasoning can only lead to one conclusion : you should look to the workplace to find love .
I am not suggesting that you go into the office every day and hope that Mr. Right just shows up eventually .
You must take an assertive , pro-active attitude if you are to make the office pay off as a source of finding a potential mate .
One of the first things to consider is the ratio of women - to - men in your office .
If the men outnumber the women by a significant margin , then you will have more room to work .
If the opposite is the case , then it will be more of a challenge .
You may think you ’re the only one amongst your women colleagues who views the workplace as a pool in which to find a man .
The other girls may have stated clearly that they want nothing to do with such a scheme .
Trouble will come , however , when you ’ve spotted a man you ’re interested in and you start sending out the signs and signals to draw him in .
It is an unfortunate fact that our social interactions in places of work do n’t evolve much after high school .
As a consequence , if your intentions are discovered , all the women who swore off getting involved in an office romance will become suddenly interested in flirting with your beau .
You will also notice that the man himself will act in a teasing manner that is most likely to result from ego and flattery than any genuine desire to antagonize you .
So , how to find love in the workplace without the embarrassment , frustration , and emotional torture ?
You must find your man the same way you found your job : through friends and networking .
I should clarify that by “ workplace ” I mean your profession and professions associated with it .
Unless you really do live under a lucky star , it is unlikely that the perfect partner will be waiting for you on the specific team you ’re assigned to – or in the physical space in which you work every day .
Love , however , might be waiting for you in a different department , section , or team within the company .
To find it , you must keep on the case .
The professional relationships you strive to build in different parts of your company tend to be smoothed by regular socializing .
Accept invitations to lunch or after dinner drinks , and do n’t be shy about inviting those same colleagues out for a bit of entertainment — with the stipulation that they bring along people they know .
If you make a habit of doing this , then you are likely to meet very interesting men .
You should also stretch your net to include professionals in other fields and those who are in your industry but who work at different companies .
The rise of industrial clusters and the office park make this much easier to do .
A casual exchange at the office canteen may grow into something serious .
But you are just as likely to find a good man at a client site or on a PMP training course .
Discretion is the key to making things work .
You may feel an instant attraction when you first see him ; and the two of you may get on so well that you begin to feel a justifiable sense of optimism .
However , you must allow the relationship to come together naturally , which it cannot do if everyone is in your business .
The more you can keep your relationship out of the eye of your work colleagues — at least during those first few crucial months — the better chance you will have to bring it off .
The advantages of finding love in the workplace are almost too obvious to need naming .
A number of them have been discussed above .
I would only advise that if you are an ambitious woman , dating a fellow professional means never having to explain yourself .
You will be with someone who understands why you must spend days on end working late or why it is necessary to bring additional work home .
Finding love in the workplace allows you to satisfy the desires of your heart without dampening the strivings of your mind .
If you want to get more insightful articles on love and dating , Carlos Cavallo ’s page is here .
His dating advice from a guy ’s perspective will help you understand what makes men tick .
I ca n’t tell you how much I love the Internet Movie Database ( imdb.com ) .
I love The Times ’s movie reviews too , but I do n’t always agree with them .
The wisdom of the masses on IMDB -- thousands of people ’s collective grade for a movie on a 1 - to - 10 scale -- very rarely misses .
( Hint : It ’s not really a 1 - to - 10 scale .
By the time you average together all the scores from a huge number of people with different tastes , the scale gets compressed .
On IMDB , an average movie usually gets around a 7 .
Anything that averages an 8 score is sensational ; below 6 , it ’s a turkey . )
Last night , I took my two older kids to see “ National Treasure : Book of Secrets . ”
I knew from IMDB that it was n’t going to be a masterpiece ; it scored only a 6.9 , and the comments warned us that there are plot holes big enough to drive a convoy through .
But we ’d liked the first “ National Treasure ” movie , with all its historical references and clever puzzles , and thought we ’d give it a shot .
On the way home , what we discussed was n’t the plot or the shaky grasp of history .
It was all the good stuff we ’d seen in the trailers ( the ads ) that were n’t even * in* the movie .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - A teacher at a Tokyo school was arrested on Monday for making a group of boys undress at knifepoint and stealing their underpants , Kyodo news agency reported .
A group of eight boys aged 12 to 13 were playing in school grounds earlier this month when the 26 - year - old man , who teaches at a different school , approached them , Kyodo said .
Two of the boys ran away but he made the other six take off their trousers and underpants , it quoted local police as saying .
The knife touched one boy , causing minor injuries , it said .
The teacher is also suspected of taking a mobile phone from one of the boys and making nuisance calls to his home afterwards , Kyodo said .
The principal of the school where he taught was shown on TV saying he was a dedicated teacher .
Tokyo police declined to comment on the case .
I was tickled to see that James Hague chose The Zen of Assembly Language Programming as one of five memorable books about programming .
I wholeheartedly agree .
Even if you never plan to touch a lick of assembly code in your entire professional career , this book is a fantastic and thoroughly useful read .
I was a mere Visual Basic programmer when I found this book ( along with The Zen of Code Optimization ) , picked it up on a lark , and I could barely put it down .
It 's that good .
Abrash is n't just a seminal figure in the software engineering community , he 's also one of the best technical writers you 'll ever find .
That 's why he's one of my programming heroes , directly alongside Steve McConnell .
His Graphics Programming Black
Book is similarly great , and covers topics so general and wide ranging that the title becomes a bit of a misnomer .
Best of all , it 's available online for free courtesy of Byte , so you can sample it yourself .
I know what you 're thinking .
" This book is about graphics .
And assembly language .
Plus it 's from , like , 1996 , which is approximately 1928 in computer years .
It 's of no interest to me as a programmer . "
Admit it .
You are .
But you know what you 're going to do ?
You 're going to click through anyway and read some of it .
Just like in college , the class topic does n't matter when the instructor is a brilliant teacher .
And that 's exactly what Abrash is .
Abrash is a world class coder and technical writer , but he's also not shy about explaining the perils and dangers of our craft , including the biggest problem of all -- the one that sits behind the keyboard .
Allow me to illustrate with one of my very favorite Abrash passages , from Chapter 16 of the Graphics Programming Black Book .
Not so long ago , Terje Mathisen , who I introduced earlier in this book , wrote a very fast word - counting program , and posted it on BIX .
When I say it was fast , I mean fast ; this code was optimized like nobody 's business .
We 're talking top - quality code here .
When the topic of optimizing came up in one of the BIX conferences , Terje 's program was mentioned , and he posted the following message : " I challenge BIXens ( and especially mabrash ! ) to speed it up significantly .
I would consider 5 percent a good result . "
The clear implication was , " That code is as fast as it can possibly be . "
Naturally , it was n't ; there ain't no such thing as the fastest code ( TANSTATFC ?
I agree , it does n't have the ring of TANSTAAFL ) .
[ assembly language tricks and useful optimization approaches elided -- see PDF for full detail ]
The biggest optimization barrier that Terje faced was that he thought he had the fastest code possible .
Once he opened up the possibility that there were faster approaches , and looked beyond the specific approach that he had so carefully optimized , he was able to come up with code that was a lot faster .
Consider the incongruity of Terje 's willingness to consider a 5 percent speedup significant in light of his later near - doubling of performance .
In the same chapter , Mr. Abrash relates a similar anecdote based on a word counting program .
It was published as a challenge in his " Pushing the Envelope " column :
That initial challenge was sparked by a column David Gerrold wrote concerning the matter of counting the number of words in a document ; David turned up some pretty interesting optimization issues along the way .
David did all his coding in Pascal , pointing out that while an assembly language version would probably be faster , his Pascal utility worked properly and was fast enough for him .
It was n't , however , fast enough for me .
The logical starting place for speeding up word counting would be David 's original Pascal code , but I 'm much more comfortable with C , [ so I created ] a loose approximation of David 's word count program , translated to C .
Mike proceeds to do what he does best -- optimize the word count program into assembly and explain along the way in an easy going , highly articulate way .
His results are as follows :
C conversion 4.6 sec C + assembly conversion 2.4 sec C + assembly conversion with lookup table 1.6 sec
He then posted his program as a challenge for readers of PC Techniques -- can this optimized assembly word count program , from an acclaimed industry expert on assembly optimization , be made even faster ?
Well , I think you can guess what happened next .
So how did the entrants in this particular challenge stack up ?
More than one claimed a speed - up over my assembly word - counting code of more than three times .
On top of the three - times speedup over the original C code that I had already realized , we 're almost up to an order of magnitude faster .
You are , of course , entitled to your own opinion , but I consider an order of magnitude to be significant .
Truth to tell , I did n't expect a three - times speedup ; around two times was what I had in mind .
Which just goes to show that any code can be made faster than you 'd expect , if you think about it long enough and from many different perspectives .
Like Mike said , there ain't no such thing as the fastest code .
If you think there is , you 're probably the barrier standing in the way of further performance , not the code itself .
Oh Armageddon , where do we begin ?
Brought to us by master - of - realism Michael Bay , this 1998 film is among cinema 's worst physics offenders .
Let 's try to tackle one of its most hilarious distortions of reality , the one at its core -- that a nuclear warhead placed on an asteroid the size of Texas could successfully blow it apart , preventing a catastrophic collision with Earth .
Let 's ignore the fact that asteroids do n't have fault lines , and if they did , they would not be easily detectable .
Let 's also put aside the fact that the prescribed 800 - foot - deep hole in a Lone Star - size asteroid ( Texas is 700 miles wide ) would barely even scratch the surfaceonly get you 0.0004 percent of the way to the center .
Or that Bruce Willis and friends miss their landing site by 26 miles , presumably putting keeping them away from the " fault line " anyway .
Let 's just focus on the amount of kinetic energy needed to blow an asteroid apart , and for its two massive halves ( approximately 3 x 1025 kg each ) to move far enough ( one Earth - radius perpendicular to the impact trajectory ) to miss the Earth in the three hour and 56 minute timeframe that marks this mission 's absolute deadline .
Granted , this calculation assumes a ton of ideal conditions , which almost certainly would n't exist .
But even in a perfect scenario , a total kinetic energy of 3 x 1025 J would be necessary to separate the asteroid halves and propel them at the required 460 m/s .
The biggest warhead built to date has a yield of 100 megatons , or 4.1 x 10^17 J .
That 's one one - hundred - millionth of the energy Bruce would need to save Earth - - making this flick a bomb in more ways than one .
Everett Collection
( FORTUNE Small Business ) -- Monday marked the start of a week - long eBay ( EBAY , Fortune 500 ) boycott organized by sellers outraged at the auction site 's recent fee and policy changes - an effort whose success will be hard to gauge until later in the week .
Third - party industry tracking sites , such as medved .
net and PowerSellersUnite.com , show that live auction listings on eBay.com have dropped about 3 % since the strike 's Monday kickoff , from 14.5 million to around 14 million items .
But small swings in eBay 's listings totals can be hard to interpret .
The site 's listings often fluctuate by several million items due to normal seasonality , and eBay further muddied the waters this week by running a one - day promotion last Wednesday offering highly discounted listing fees .
That promotion immediately spiked the site 's listings by more than 20 percent ; since eBay auctions can run for up to 10 days , the special offer continues to inflate eBay 's auction totals .
EBay spokesman Jose Mallabo declined to comment on third - party statistics , and said that the site 's internal statistics show that the boycott " has n't had an impact on our listings . "
EBay does not publicly release its listings totals
Some departing sellers say they wo n't return .
EBay 's management is n't speculating on whether the site 's changes have alienated a material percentage of its merchants , and representatives say eBay has no plans to alter its planned policy changes , despite the outcry .
" As far as longer - term effects , it 's too early to speculate , " Mallabo said .
Industry experts such as David Steiner , president of a trade publication for online merchants called AuctionBytes , say that the real evidence of a boycott effect , if there is one , will be clearer later in the week , as last week 's listings expire .
" If [ eBay 's listings total ] falls below 12 million we 've made a pretty good impact , " said Nancy Baughman , an eBay PowerSeller who deals antiques and co-authored Buy It , Sell It , Make Money , a guide to doing business on eBay .
" I 'm hoping that it goes down below 10 million .
If that happens , we will have made a huge impact . "
Tomorrow will be a key day for testing eBay 's listings strength : a host of fee changes take effect , lowering the insertion fee eBay charges for listing new items but raising the " final value fee " it levies on its that sell .
Other controversial aspects of eBay 's overhaul , including a change that bars sellers from leaving negative feedback on buyers , are slated for rollout in later months and will not be introduced Wednesday alongside the fee changes .
Some boycotting sellers have already declared victory , despite the debate over whether eBay 's listing numbers have been impacted .
" My view on the whole thing is we 've already been a success , " said Valerie Lennert , a doll - clothing vendor in Anaheim , Calif. , who has drawn attention to the strike through a YouTube video she posted three weeks ago .
" I 'm doing about 10 interviews a day .
The goal of the strike is to get eBay 's attention and we finally have it .
Anything else is icing on the cake . "
Protestors also point to one other small victory : Rising listings numbers on rival auction sites .
Carol B. , a Kansas City , Mo. , antique jewelry seller , is joining the effort to create more competition for eBay .
( She asked that her last name not be used in this article . )
Like other frustrated sellers , she is planning to move most of her inventory off of eBay and is testing out other auction sites .
" I 'm going to try iOffer because it 's very inexpensive , " said Carol , who makes about $ 5,000 a month selling sterling silver charms .
Lennert plans to continue to promote about 10 % of her merchandise on eBay while building traffic to storefronts she is creating on other sites - including , eventually , her own website .
" I do n't think any sellers believe we can crush eBay in a week , " Baughman said .
" We want eBay to acknowledge that these changes may not be the best for smaller sellers .
I want eBay to make money , but can we make some too ?
I think [ eBay ] has a moral responsibility not to drive these people out the marketplace , especially considering the state of the economy . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
PS .
I really need to start doing a few more single - framers …
This one is almost as long as the movie version with Charlton Heston in it .
WASHINGTON , Oct. 1 — Senator Barack Obama will propose on Tuesday setting a goal of eliminating all nuclear weapons in the world , saying the United States should greatly reduce its stockpiles to lower the threat of nuclear terrorism , aides say .
In a speech at DePaul University in Chicago , Mr. Obama will add his voice to a plan endorsed earlier this year by a bipartisan group of former government officials from the cold war era who say the United States must begin building a global consensus to reverse a reliance on nuclear weapons that have become “ increasingly hazardous and decreasingly effective . ”
Mr. Obama , according to details provided by his campaign Monday , also will call for pursuing vigorous diplomatic efforts aimed at a global ban on the development , production and deployment of intermediate - range missiles .
“ In 2009 , we will have a window of opportunity to renew our global leadership and bring our nation together , ” Mr. Obama is planning to say , according to an excerpt of remarks provided by his aides .
“ If we do n’t seize that moment , we may not get another . ”
During a special meeting of the ICANN Board of Directors a resolution was passed which will end domain tasting as we know it .
The discussion was sparked in response to the scandalous practice of Network Solutions hijacking domain searches in recent weeks .
Oddly enough , the industry can be thankful to Net Sol for getting the snowball rolling on the end of domain tasting .
Grace Period Abuse Leads to the End
In this preliminary report , you will see the acronym AGP thrown around alot .
AGP stands for “ Add Grace Period ” an idea initially created to reimburse domain registrants for names they accidentally registered or miss - typed .
The official resolution states , “ The practice of ‘ domain tasting , ’ by which names are registered and then deleted during the AGP , has grown at a very great rate since 2005 , with tens of millions of domains registered and deleted each month . ”
And the kicker …
“ The Board believes that the withdrawal of ICANN ’s waiver of ICANN ’s non-refundable transaction fee to the deletion of names within the AGP will substantially end the practice of abusing the AGP . ”
A voice vote was taken of all Board Members present and the motion was approved by a vote of 13-0 .
What does this mean for the domaining industry ?
This change in policy will improve many aspects of domaining in general ;
The typo-squatting business will plummet as domain tasting is somewhat essential for profitable typo choices .
Expired domain after - market will thrive as lists begin to be “ cleansed ” from these bogus tasted names .
Pay - Per -Click parking services may become more reputable as domains will be long standing and garner targeted traffic .
Registrars will become more credible down the road , because in many cases they themselves were the biggest players in domain tasting .
Domainers will not have to worry about companies stealing WHOIS search data .
It is not certain when this change will begin to take effect , but sources reveal it may be within a month .
What are your thoughts on this revolutionary news ?
For six years , the organisers of the Beijing Olympics have been planning an event that will restore China to the centre of the world stage .
No expense has been spared , no detail overlooked .
Beijing has splashed out $ 440 m ( £ 224 m ) on the spectacular " Bird 's Nest " stadium to underscore its rising economic power and ambition .
Organisers have drawn up a guest list of the global great and the good to witness the re-emergence of this ancient civilization .
And to entertain them and emphasise the openness of modern China , they hired the biggest name in Hollywood to help choreograph the festivities .
But with less than six months to go , this celebration of Chinese resurgence is threatening to degenerate into an opportunity for critics to land some blows on the communist leadership .
The stadium architect , Ai Weiwei , refuses to attend the opening ceremony because of the " disgusting " political conditions in the one - party state .
The VIP list will not include Prince Charles , a friend of the Dalai Lama , who told the Free Tibet movement that he will be absent .
And now , in the biggest blow yet , Steven Spielberg has resigned as artistic consultant , saying his conscience will not let him choreograph an event for a country that has done little to use its influence to ease the slaughter in Darfur .
The Chinese leadership is scrambling to limit the damage and prevent the Spielberg boycott from escalating into a wider movement .
A top Communist party official , Xi Jinping , has been parachuted in to lead preparations , it emerged yesterday .
Of primary concern will be the steady drip of bad news stories suddenly contaminating the Olympic run-in .
The opening of the " water cube " Olympic pool in late January was overshadowed by reports that construction worker deaths have been covered up for more than a year .
A week later , police arrested a high - profile dissident , Hu Jia , prompting accusations by human rights groups that the government is silencing critics before the games .
The negative PR went international when Spielberg walked off the set and a group of Nobel peace prize laureates , politicians , celebrities and former Olympians sent an open letter to the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , calling on China to act against the atrocities in Darfur .
China appears unsure how to respond to the sudden challenge .
The domestic media have railed against the politicisation of the games , the foreign ministry has spoken darkly about the " ulterior motives " of some critics , and it has clamped down hard on domestic activists who dare to use the Olympics to press for political change .
Next week , a court will hear charges of subversion against Yang Chunlin , who petitioned against land seizures with the slogan : " We do n't want the Olympics , we want human rights . "
That the biggest press battering has come over foreign policy is unexpected .
" China 's foreign ministry is confused , " said Nicholas Bequelin of Human Rights Watch .
" They have been getting rave reviews from western diplomats and the United Nations for their role in Sudan , Burma and North Korea .
But now in terms of public opinion , this is becoming a disaster .
It is a wake - up call to them in terms of the risks that the games pose to China 's global image .
I think this is just the beginning in terms of expression of concern about human rights . "
Bequelin added that criticism of China should not drown out some of the positive advances - such as poverty alleviation and increased personal freedoms - made in recent years .
China has relaxed controls on foreign journalists and invested significant political capital in trying to clean up Beijing 's environment .
The Olympic organisers have also hired a foreign public relations agency , Hill & Knowlton .
Professional advice has been credited for the restrained response by Beijing to Spielberg 's resignation , which the Beijing Organising Committee described only as " regrettable " .
" We are consulted for the press releases , " said an employee .
" We emphasise that politics and sport should be separated . "
In this at least , China has the support of one important multilateral body - the International Olympic Committee which insists that its games are no place for political display .
At Olympic opening ceremonies the entire world marches in step , North and South Korea side - by - side , Lebanon alongside Israel .
Yet for many the IOC 's position appears to ignore the enormous credibility conferred on the host city , and many who voted for China to host in 2008 did so in the belief that their support would help hasten reform .
The IOC 's leaders may be idealistic but they are not naive , and they are well aware of the sensitivities that will be stirred by China 's games .
They are also conscious of the platform that the games provides for campaign groups .
The same thing happened in Greece four years ago , and in Sydney before that , and should the UK still be embroiled in conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan four years hence , London can expect plenty of heat .
Many in the Olympic movement are nervously awaiting the first confrontation between protesters and police played out in front of the world 's media .
More than 20,000 journalists have been accredited for the games , double the number of athletes , and their unfettered comments on everything from the quality of the sport to the state of the trains will be a huge shock to the Chinese culture of control .
Qiao Mu , the director of international communication studies at Beijing Foreign Studies University , said the government could no longer ignore foreign opinion .
" China needs big events like the Olympics to prove itself as a powerful nation , " he said .
" In Mao 's days , the government did not need to care about the foreign media because they were easily able to ban information easily and live in the fantasy they created for themselves .
But now that we live in an age of globalised information , the government must pay more attention to outside opinion . "
In the next six months , he says , China will have to live with a lot more negative coverage .
" It is the character of the media to dig up the dark side of events .
They like to focus on that . "
There is scant likelihood of a broader boycott .
President George Bush has clearly distanced himself from Spielberg and other protesters .
" It 's up to him .
I am going to the Olympics , I view the Olympics as a sporting event , " Bush told the BBC .
" There are a lot of issues that I suspect people are going to opine about during the Olympics - the Dalai Lama crowd , you 've got the global warming folks , you got Darfur ...
I am not going to go and use the Olympics as an opportunity to express my opinions to the Chinese people in a public way because I do it all the time with the president . "
Gordon Brown has also promised to attend .
In advance of the London games in 2012 , Britain does not want the precedent of a disrupted Olympics .
It was also distinctly different from the case of Joshua Hanson , a Wisconsin bar owner who survived another harrowing fall .
He crashed through a window on the 17th floor of a Minneapolis hotel in January after what a police spokeswoman described to The St. Paul Pioneer Press as a little “ tomfoolery and a little too much to drink . ”
He broke a leg and his lungs collapsed , but he left the hospital after seven days .
“ I ’m doing fine , ” he said this week .
Just as Mr. Hanson ’s friends marveled at his recovery , experienced rescuers were still marveling on Tuesday at Alcides Moreno ’s survival .
“ It is nothing short of a miracle  nothing short of a miracle  to fall from that height and still be , well , to still be alive , ” said Deputy Chief Thomas E. McKavanagh of Division 3 , an operational commander on the scene after the accident and a 28 - year veteran of the Fire Department .
Alcides Moreno was in critical condition at NewYork - Presbyterian / Weill Cornell hospital in Manhattan on Tuesday , and hospital officials have refused to discuss details of his condition .
Relatives said over the weekend that Mr. Moreno ’s injuries included collapsed lungs , damaged kidneys and bone fractures .
His wife , Rosario , said at her home that his face looked good , considering what happened .
He has a broken nose and a gash above one eye , she said , adding , “ We ’re taking it day by day . ”
The doctors have not been able to explain how her husband managed to survive because , Ms. Moreno said , they had never treated such a case .
“ They ’ve never dealt with anything like this , ” she said .
“ They ’re learning from it . ”
She said they had not given her a prognosis .
The brothers were employed by City Wide Window Cleaning and were working at the Solow Tower , at 265 East 66th Street , at Second Avenue , when the scaffold gave way .
Vincente Bustamante , 35 , a good friend of both Moreno brothers and himself a window washer for 12 years , said he believed that Alcides Moreno survived because he followed the training window washers receive when they learn their job .
Prince William got a Wii over the holidays .
His girlfriend was nice enough to pick it up for him .
He was having a lot of fun with it , that is , while he had the chance to play .
Now the console is being hogged by none other than the Queen !
Apparently she is a natural at Wii Sports Bowling .
Apparently , the Queen has become a bit of a technophile in recent years .
Now she ’s added the Wii to her list of must - have gadgets .
Link
Hollywood Sex Tape
Looking for the perfect Christmas gift for the person who has everything ?
How about " , " a book currently being shopped by author Kevin Blatt .
Blatt , a self - proclaimed online adult industry specialist , claims some of the material for Hollywood Sex Tape came from " privileged phone conversations and meetings with attorneys . "
The book title is " Hollywood Sex Tape , " and we are not talking " War and Peace " here .
It spotlights a phone sex empire " grossing tens of millions of dollars . "
It drops names of A - list actors .
It unwraps the inner inner of a hard - core gonzo - style porno industry .
It uses terms like offshore bankers ' " banging credit cards . "
It ricochets from hotshot criminals to lesser - shot celebs , who think sex stuff can boost their 16th minute of fame .
The book details what went on with " the biggest sex scandal of the decade , " and 's honeymoon video , which ignited the public 's hunger for celebrity sex tapes .
The book also gives inside information on the Paris Hilton and Rick Salomon sex tape , detailing exactly who profited from the video and how they went about it .
Ironically , Pamela Anderson and Rick Salomon are now married .
Could the greatest celebrity sex tape of all time be far behind ?
Posted by Grandson under Humor , Reality
Tweet
Be Careful Out There :
IDIOT SIGHTING :
We had to have the garage door repaired .
The Sears repairman told us that one of our problems was that we did not have a " large " enough motor on the opener .
I thought for a minute and said that we had the largest one Sears made at that time , a 1/ 2 horsepower .
He shook his head and said , " Lady , you need a 1/ 4 horsepower . "
I responded that 1/2 was larger than 1/4 .
He said , " NO , it ’s not . "
Four is larger than two .. "
We have n’t used Sears repair since .
IDIOT SIGHTING
My daughter and I went through the McDonald ’s take - out window and I gave the clerk a $ 5 bill .
Our total was $ 4.25 , so I also handed her a quarter .
She said , " you gave me too much money . "
I said , " Yes I know , but this way you can just give me a dollar bill back . "
She sighed and went to get the manager who asked me to repeat my request .
I did so , and he handed me back the quarter , and said “ We ’re sorry but they could not do that kind of thing . "
The clerk then proceeded to give me back $ 1 and 75 cents in change .
Do not confuse the clerks at McD’s .
IDIOT SIGHTING :
I live in a semi-rural area .
We recently had a new neighbor call the local township administrative office to request the removal of the DEER CROSSING sign on our road .
The reason : " Too many deer are being hit by cars out here .
I do n’t think this is a good place for them to be crossing anymore . "
From Kingman , KS .
IDIOT SIGHTING IN FOOD SERVICE :
My daughter went to a local Taco Bell and ordered a taco .
She asked the person behind the counter for " minimal lettuce . "
He said he was sorry , but they only had iceberg lettuce .
From Kansas City
IDIOT SIGHTING :
I was at the airport , checking in at the gate , when an airport employee asked , " Has anyone put anything in your baggage without your knowledge ? "
To which I replied , " If it was without my knowledge , how would I know ? "
He smiled knowingly and nodded , " That ’s why we ask . "
Happened in Birmingham , Ala .
IDIOT SIGHTING :
The stoplight on the corner buzzes when it ’s safe to cross the street .
I was crossing with an intellectually challenged coworker .
She asked if I knew what the buzzer was for .
I explained that it signals blind people when the light is red .
Appalled , she responded , " What on earth are blind people doing driving ? ! "
She was a probation officer in Wichita , KS
IDIOT SIGHTING :
At a good - bye luncheon for an old and dear coworker : she was leaving the company due to " downsizing . "
Our manager commented cheerfully , " This is fun .
We should do this more often . "
Not another word was spoken .
We all just looked at each other with that deer - in - the - headlights stare .
This was a lunch at Texas Instruments .
IDIOT SIGHTING :
I work with an individual who plugged her power strip back into itself and for the sake of her life , could n’t understand why her system would not turn on .
A deputy with the Dallas County Sheriffs office , no less .
IDIOT SIGHTING :
When my husband and I arrived at an automobile dealership to pick up our car , we were told the keys had been locked in it .
We went to the service department and found a mechanic working feverishly to unlock the driver ’s side door .
As I watched from the passenger side , I instinctively tried the door handle and discovered that it was unlocked .
" Hey , " I announced to the technician , " it ’s open ! "
His reply , " I know .
I already got that side . "
This was at the Ford dealership in Canton , Mississippi
STAY ALERT !
They walk among us … and the scary part is that they VOTE
You should follow Grandma on Twitter here
A few years ago , an international team of researchers went to the middle of the Pacific Ocean and drilled down five kilometers below sea level in an effort to uncover secrets about the earth 's climate history .
They exceeded their expectations and have published their findings in the Dec. 22 edition of the journal Science .
The researchers ' drilling produced pristine samples of marine microfossils , otherwise known as foraminifera .
Analysis of the carbonate shells of these microfossils , which are between 23 million to 34 million years - old , has revealed that the Earth 's climate and the formation and recession of glaciation events in the Earth 's history have corresponded with variations in the earth 's natural orbital patterns and carbon cycles .
The researchers were particularly interested in these microfossils because they came from the Oligocene epoch , a time in Earth 's history known for falling temperatures .
" The continuity and length of the data series we gathered and analyzed allowed for unprecedented insights into the complex interactions between external climate forcing , the global carbon cycle and ice sheet oscillations , " said Dr. Jens Herrle , co-author of the paper and a micropaleontology professor at the University of Alberta .
The authors also show how simple models of the global carbon cycle , coupled to orbital controls of global temperature and biological activity , are able to reproduce the important changes observed after the world entered an " ice - house " state about 34 million years ago .
In the early half of the 20th century , Serbian physicist Milutin Milankovitch first proposed that cyclical variations in the Earth - Sun geometry can alter the Earth 's climate and these changes can be discovered in the Earth 's geological archives , which is exactly what this research team , consisting of members from the United Kingdom , the U.S. and Canada , has done .
" This research is not only concerned with the climate many millions - of - years - ago .
Researching and understanding ' extreme ' climate events from the geological past allows us to better tune climate models to understand present and future events , and the response to major perturbations of Earth 's climate and the global carbon cycle , Herrle added .
Source : University of Alberta
“ Silicon Valley Coalition for Impeachment
You need to make democracy one of your New Year ’s resolutions .
Sign on with Wexler
http://www.wexlerwantshearings.com/ “
Download wmp ...
After McCain made a statement to the press denouncing the NY Times story , he took several questions from them .
I could n't help but notice that he looked like a frightened little deer caught in the headlights of the usually friendly media .
He was very passive and it's so unlike him .
I found it interesting that McCain calls John Weaver a good friend , but had no idea what actions he took while trying to keep a young and pretty lobbyist , Vicki Iseman away from him .
Dana Bash : ( John Weaver ) and what he said was that he did speak with Ms. Iseman and he wanted to tell her was that he was hearing that she was telling people around town , that she had influence with you , that he was worried back then that , just like it would today , it would undermine your campaign and that 's why he went to her .
Knowing that , did he make the right move ?
McCain : I do n't know because again , I never discussed it with John Weaver and so , as far as I know there was no necessity for it .
That 's a judgement that he made so you 'll have to discuss it with him .
I did not know anything about it .
It reminded me about the Clemens steroid case .
Andy Pettitte , a good friend of Roger 's told the Mitchell Report that Clemens admitted he did use steroids .
Clemens , like McCain did n't know why he said that .
Christy Hardin Smith :
Here 's my first question for all the media types who have been covering McCain : why is it that any negative story about his myriad lobbyist connections gets relegated to the back pages -- the A17 story death knell ?
Anyone know -- because I 'd love to hear the scoop .
And Marcy asks :
For the moment , though , I 'm more interested in the 2004 election -- the one McCain did n't run in .
You see , I find it a mighty curious coincidence that two of the companies for which Iseman was lobbying John McCain in 1999 and 2000 -- the time of their potentially inappropriate relationship -- also happen to be the two television companies that championed the Kerry smear , " Stolen Honor , " in 2004 .
The real story is how close John McCain worked with lobbyists to promote their interests .
Let 's see the MSM dig into this a bit further , shall we ?
And how nice is it to have Robert Bennett , McCain 's paid attorney go on teevee and defend McCain 's honor by practically calling him the last honest man ?
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
The United States could have avoided the post- invasion chaos in Iraq had it listened to , and learned from , the British , Prince Andrew said in comments published in a London newspaper Tuesday .
Andrew 's interview , published in the International Herald Tribune , was a rare display of candor from a member of the royal family , who rarely voice their political opinions .
Andrew described Britain as the United States No. 1 ally but said there are " occasions when people in the U.K. would wish that those in responsible positions in the U.S. might listen and learn from our experiences . "
Britain , Andrew said , has gone through much of the same kinds of difficulties during its imperial history that the United States now finds itself in Iraq .
" If you are looking at colonialism , if you are looking at operations on an international scale , if you are looking at understanding each other 's culture , understanding how to operate in a military insurgency campaign -- we have been through them all , " he said .
" We 've won some , lost some , drawn some .
The fact is there is quite a lot of experience over here which is valid and should be listened to . "
The views of Prince Andrew , who is fourth in line to the British throne , is widely shared in his country .
In the past , Geoff Hoon , the former British defense secretary , has said that Britain disagreed with the Bush administration on two key issues : to disband the Iraqi army and to outlaw the Baath Party from the civil service .
The prince said that the fallout from Iraq has now fueled a " healthy skepticism " in Britain toward what is said in Washington , and a feeling of " why did n't anyone listen to what was said and the advice that was given . "
E-mail to a friend
Page 1A
Military family members share public 's division on Iraq war , Bush
Polls :
Almost half say invasion was a mistake
Close family members of U.S. troops are split on whether the Iraq invasion was a mistake , and 55 % disapprove of President Bush 's job performance , according to USA TODAY / Gallup Polls focusing on immediate relatives of servicemembers .
" They 've maxed out on the troops .
You 've got guys who are over there on their fourth or fifth tours .
It 's ridiculous , " says Jeanette Knowles , 40 , of Mountain Home , Idaho , whose brother , Jeff , served a tour in Iraq with the Oregon National Guard .
Knowles , who calls herself a Democratic - leaning moderate , says her disapproval of Bush stems from his handling of the war .
Military families are more supportive of the war than Americans without immediate family members in the military , the polls show .
Among Americans without military relatives , 59 % say the invasion was a mistake , compared with 49 % of immediate family members .
The data on close relatives of troops were gleaned from four national polls between Sept. 7 and Dec. 2 . The polls identified 548 people as wives , children , parents , siblings , grandparents or a close in - law of a servicemember .
Among them are 301 people whose loved ones served in Iraq or Afghanistan .
Previous military family polling was largely of people who identified themselves as related in some way to a servicemember .
" I do n't want to see another Korea .
I do n't want to see us stay there ( in Iraq ) forever .
And you do n't want to be in a country if they do n't want us there , " says Bruce Bartley , 65 , of Fredonia , N.Y. , whose son , Army Capt .
Steven Bartley , is on his second tour in Iraq .
The elder Bartley , who describes himself as a conservative , disapproves of Bush 's job performance and says the invasion was a mistake .
Among military families , 55 % disapprove of Bush 's performance compared with 64 % of Americans without relatives in the service in the latest USA TODAY / Gallup Poll .
Men in military families are more approving of Bush ( 47 % ) than female relatives ( 36 % ) .
" The numbers really are n't much of a surprise , " says Joyce Raezer , executive director of the National Military Family Association .
" They show that the military is in many ways a reflection of the country as a whole , not an isolated subculture , as some would portray it . "
Bush considers families ' support important , White House spokeswoman Emily Lawrimore says .
" But he believes that it 's important to continue to base his decisions on the advice he receives from commanders on the ground , " she says .
More than 1.5 million servicemembers have been sent to Iraq or Afghanistan since Sept. 11 , 2001 , and Army combat tours last up to 15 months .
Bush meets in private with grieving families , visits the wounded and frequently speaks to gatherings of military families .
Future facts stranger than fiction ?
We are becoming accustomed nowadays to strange , unexpected twists in our destinies .
But likely few of us would expect to see the following take place in the relatively near future : * The religious right warmly embracing alternative lifestyles , and giving their blessing to marriages between partners of the same sex .
* A world where severe labor shortages threaten to bring on a thirties - style depression , or worse .
* Western governments in a near panic to legalize both marijuana and prostitution .
* Trade and budget deficits throughout the western nations turning into surpluses .
And yet financial institutions are threatened from an entirely new and unanticipated quarter , with a scale of failure that makes the Savings & Loan debacle of the eighties look miniscule by comparison .
*
The western democracies do an abrupt about - face on recent immigration policies , literally begging for people to come to their shores .
* Dictatorships and other forms of totalitarian government not only collapse across the board , but appear destined never to rise to prominence again due to a new phenomenon on the world stage .
Paradoxically , this ' social vaccine ' protecting the world forevermore from non-democratic governments gaining a substantial foothold again is not welcomed by the community of nations , but rather greatly feared and despised by them .
* Finally , all of the above comes about within only a decade or two after the appearance of a single precipitating agent .
What on Earth could have such an effect on so many diverse issues ?
The Ultimate Security and Escape Drugs have become an enormously important part of modern - day life .
It could be argued that of all the different sorts now available to us , none have had a bigger impact on the world than the so called ' birth control ' pill .
Indeed , so far ranging an impact has it had on us , that we commonly refer to it as the pill ; despite the fact that there are literally thousands of other chemical aids in similar physical form , and that this particular drug has been directly applicable to only one half of our population : women .
Now variations of the pill are appearing ; one induces abortions , another works through the male rather than the female sexual apparatus .
But neither of these promise as dramatic an impact upon the world as the original pill brought with it .
The first pill literally was a breakthrough not only in terms of technology , but in the changes it wrought in social policy and individual options .
Yet even as the world still struggles to cope with the implications and new choices presented by the wake of the original pill 's introduction , another , perhaps still more significant medium of choice , looms on the horizon .
We could soon witness a Second Coming , of sorts .
Not of a messiah , but of a second pill .
One which may affect us so profoundly as to make the advent of the first seem but a herald of its coming .
Where the first pill provided a revolutionary and viable form of birth control , the second will offer convenient and reliable death control .
This second pill would have a simple function ; it would provide a quick ( perhaps even pleasant ) death for the taker .
The ultimate deliverance from a world of troubles , pain , or loneliness .
A last resort more reliable than anything else man 's expertise might provide , for centuries to come .
A final , fail - safe option that could be so complete as to provide comfort and security even for those who simply kept it in reserve , never deigning to take it unless circumstances became truly unbearable .
Why would there be a huge market for such an ' easy death ' pill , and why could it have such a great impact on the world ?
A possible scenario for the early twenty - first century ; the environment within which a widely available death control pill might first appear :
The raging bull of the twenty - first century New breakthroughs in hardware , software , and materials are spawning immense new opportunities and remaking the world economy .
Aquaculture joins agriculture as a major world industry , with both the new and age - old cultivation domains producing far more than food ; alternative fuels , drugs , and materials also pour forth from both .
Sea floor mining towns and resorts abound .
Widespread missile technology from the defunct Cold War is spurring a boom in space exploration and construction , which boosts many Earthside industries as a welcome by - product .
Computer systems have finally become good enough to deliver on their promises of greater productivity from decades past .
Telecommunications networks are accelerating not only the velocity of money supplies but the rate information and new ideas flow through the economy , as well .
The coming on - line of vast new high quality labor resources ( with attendent consumer demand ) within Eastern Europe , the ex-Soviet Republics , and China also feeds the global bull market .
Entrepreneurism is expanding at a feverish pace , with people fleeing the growing constraints and invasions of privacy endemic to traditional employment for the higher incomes and greater freedoms available through their own businesses .
Entrepreneurism is also boosted tremendously by the downwardly spiraling costs of office equipment like computers , copiers , modems , and fax machines .
Innovations in materials and construction techniques are fueling immense new projects everywhere .
Job creation is booming world - wide .
But so too is stress .
The stress of intense global economic competition .
The stress of coping with traumatic social and technological change .
The stress of switching career tracks on a regular basis , as the old professions are replaced with the new at an ever increasing pace .
Suicide rates are higher than ever in the most rapidly advancing of nations .
Spotty but hard hitting labor shortages are forcing the world to utilize more and more of the unemployed of the poorer regions , such as the Third World .
Just as high technology makes citizens on the home front as vulnerable to the ravages of war as soldiers on the battlefield , so too does it make every citizen vulnerable to the fierce economic competition raging globally .
No one 's job or business is safe .
Not when someone half a world away can decide at any moment to compete with you for any wage or profit you enjoy .
In this manner will there be considerable job stress , despite the fact of almost nonexistent unemployment .
For workers will know that failure to compete well in their present job guarantees retraining for another , or a demotion , with an attendant fluctuation in income .
There 'll also be the strong possibility of relocation ; a traumatic uprooting from home , extended family , and friends .
Jobs will be plentiful , but require more education and skills , and make greater demands on personal lifestyles , than ever .
Third World fountains of devastation
The immaturity of many Third World governments presents the rest of the world with an ever mounting risk during the twenty - first century .
Many countries are very backward in their ways ; being theocracies , like Iran under the ayatollahs in the late twentieth century ; or dictatorships , like Hussein 's Iraq of the eighties .
A few may still be clinging to some form of Communism , despite that system 's proven bankruptcy .
Yet even the democracies among the Third World nations are akin to ' wild - eyed teenagers ' compared to the world 's more mature states ; for they do not have fully developed safeguards on government and industry practices within their borders .
This inadequacy of safeguards makes research and development of new products ( and weapons ) much cheaper and more rapid for multi-national corporations , who subsequently tend to concentrate such efforts within those countries .
These loosely regulated enterprises are ticking time bombs , awaiting only accident or terrorism to trigger catastrophe .
Globe girdling clouds of toxic gases or horrific disease carrying particles , and insidious free roaming terrorist software , erupt from such sites periodically over decades , before the world manages to get such things well in hand .
A natural desire for economic prosperity and political power is what drives many Third World countries to unwittingly invite such danger and ill repute upon themselves .
Others crave the potential weapons that might be derived from such efforts .
Ironically , many of these states consequently suffer more themselves from these developments , than do any supposed enemies .
Beyond the horrors unleashed by accident and terrorism , are those of outright war , as ethnic and theological strife is whipped into a near frenzy in some parts of the world .
Religious factions , alarmed by a waning of their fortunes and influence , react as they have time and time again throughout history ; with hysteria that eventually turns to bloodshed .
Ethnic feuds are strengthened as technology transfers power from central authorities into the hands of individuals and small groups , who are often ill prepared to use this new power in a responsible manner .
The earlier incidents of Bhopal India , AIDS , Chernobyl , and the Kuwaiti oil fires have turned out to be only the smallest hints of what is to be seen on a regular basis throughout the twenty - first century .
Even as the probability of large - scale nuclear conflagration appears to recede from the world stage , other just as frightening dangers appear .
Though the majority of these afflictions are successfully contained , still the news of them contribute to anxiety levels world - wide , and so spur greater potential demand for an easy escape .
The impact of technology on population growth Another factor includes the options presented by genetic breakthroughs .
Parents increasingly are able to choose the sex of their children in the twenty - first century .
Few realize the potential calamity this can bring in the near term .
For traditional cultural bias embedded in many nations tilts the choices more towards one sex than the other .
In many countries the trend easily works out to three male babies for every female .
An entire generation ( or more ) suffers severe imbalances in sexual populations as a result .
Though the imbalance carries in itself many topics for social speculation , here we will attend to only one : the impact on birth rates .
Any generation with a substantially reduced population of females obviously does not possess the same capacity for producing children as a more sexually balanced group .
Therefore , options raised by genetic technologies may reduce global birth rates .
Beyond the possibly smaller numbers of females in a generation , there is also the economic factor .
Recall that successive generations in most nations will likely enjoy higher living standards than their predecessors throughout this period .
Higher living standards seem to encourage a lower birth rate ( at least in the experience of the more developed countries ) .
Therefore , in the worst of all possible cases ( regarding birthrates ) we have an ever increasing shortage of women , and they enjoy sufficiently improved living standards so that each tends to bear far fewer children than previous generations .
In such cases drastic measures such as artificial wombs and a much more expanded government role in child bearing could become an economic necessity .
Perhaps another relevant issue regarding all this will be the increased frustration , competition , and stress which men in regions of few females will undergo , as one consequence of the women shortage .
Considering the importance that sex and family hold for many males , chronic depression may ultimately become one effect on many of these locales -- with some portion perhaps seeking a convenient end to their woes .
How do we spell relief ?
O- B-L-I-V-I-O- N
The rising level of ambient stress in our society , indeed , throughout the world , is taking a toll on us all .
One need not be a part of the general workforce to detect it ; it is everywhere .
The pace of change has been accelerating for quite some time , and will likely not slow in the foreseeable future , even if we make a concerted effort to affect it so .
The culture emerging from all this seems one of increasing alienation of the individual even as it also empowers each of us with heady new capabilities and options .
Increasing perceptions of loneliness could combine with an ever more bewildering array of alternatives from which to choose in other areas of life to threaten our very capacity to respond and adapt .
This phenomenon could tend to reinforce the lure of oblivion for us .
The lure that has made intoxicants like liquors and other drugs our cherished companions over the millennia .
This same lure will exist too in the death control pill , albeit in the ultimate form : it will promise and deliver liberation from all our troubles , forever .
What price peace of mind ?
And ultimate security ?
The pill may cost quite a bit , in the beginning .
But hey , it 's kind of like insurance , you know ?
A lot of people will want to get their own death control pill just in case .
For instance , if the world ever did go crazy and launch an all out nuclear war , that pill could come in darn handy in the aftermath .
Or , say you were in an accident and paralyzed from the waist down ; or your legs amputated completely .
Or you got Alzheimer 's and your mind began to go .
And let us not forget AIDs and the other nasty beasties running around infecting people from all sorts of unexpected quarters .
Many might prefer death to life in such instances .
So what price would be too high for escape ?
Escape from all our problems , forever and ever ?
A lot of people might already have killed themselves if they were n't afraid of the pain of slashed wrists or blown out brains .
Or of making a mistake and living beyond the act , with a disfigurement or handicap , and the humiliation in facing those who knew them before the attempt .
If dying was as easy as taking a pill and going into a peaceful sleep , a lot of people would likely take advantage of it sooner or later .
NOTE : A simple overdose of sleeping pills presents no clear guarantee of quick and easy death ; there are too many nagging questions involved .
How many capsules constitute a fatal overdose ?
Does your age , weight , or health have any bearing on the dosage and effectiveness ?
Can the pills act quickly enough to prevent discovery and rescue ?
What promise is there that the process will indeed be painless ?
Sure , one or two tablets seem pleasant enough .
But would dozens eat painfully through your stomach lining before they killed you ?
These are all questions which a thoughtful person might consider important .
Therefore potential suicides would much prefer a drug specifically designed to afford them a quick and painless death , over any sort of jury - rigged affair .
END NOTE .
For some , just the possession of a death control pill would be a comfort , and probably add to their capacity to absorb punishment and stress in their daily life .
For the pill would represent a guaranteed escape route for them , allowing them some minimal control over events , no matter what the future might bring their way .
Our general attitude towards drugs
One thing that will be very relevant to our acceptance of the death control pill will be our attitude towards drugs in general .
Though the casual ' there 's a pill for every ill ' perspective of the sixties and seventies may have abated somewhat , and things like nicotine and steroids have made us wary of some substances , still on an individual basis most of us feel drugs to be more a friend than an enemy .
Pain relievers are often specifically requested before surgery or dental work .
Many of us would feel much put upon if we had to live without our aspirin , cold , and allergy medicines for any appreciable length of time .
There is also the fact that lots of us , despite all the hoopla of recent years , remain casual users and abusers of both legal and illegal drugs , like marijuana , alcohol , and tobacco .
And we should n't overlook that little pill that effectively unlinked sex and pregnancy for most women .
How often today do sexual partners mention it to one another ?
To insure that the intentions of both are in harmony , so far as making babies is concerned ?
Drugs have restructured our lives to a great extent .
And with the appearance of the death control pill , they could have an equivalent impact on our ends .
Though governments ( and many other organizations ) will loathe the effect such a pill has on their influence over the masses , the drug could provide individuals world - wide with an even greater measure of self - determination than birth control has for women .
Our love of the dramatic act Some people will cherish the way the pill provides for a dramatic exit without risk of pain , fright , or failure .
Our passion for theatrics will make itself known in a great many cases of the initial suicide wave .
Unrequited love .
Rejection .
Relationship breakups .
Job demotions , firings , lay offs , and resignations .
Adverse court decisions .
All could end in pill - enabled suicides .
Why will the production and logistics of a death control pill be simple , cheap , and tremendously profitable ?
The ease of concocting a death control pill A suitable death control pill should be much easier and simpler to devise than the birth control pill was .
Simply bringing on the death of an organism , after all , is a much more straightforward process than preventing conception within a woman without doing harm to either her or her future child bearing potential .
Sedatives are already a well - established category of the drug industry .
There are a multitude of substances , both natural and synthetic , which might be used to slow the human organism comfortably and rapidly first into a state of unconsciousness , then death .
Depressants are widespread throughout our society .
An acceptable death control pill might be formulated purely on the basis of a fatally powerful sleeping pill , provided the resulting compound brings about a fast and painless cessation of life .
Somewhere too there exists explicit formulas for suicide pills , as used by agents of espionage in decades past .
A retired CIA or KGB chemist might be one of the very first pill producers .
Beyond the substances already known and available to the public that could be modified or concentrated to create the pill , there is also the wealth of knowledge available regarding poisons and drugs in general ; their chemical formulations , ingredients , sources , and various effects .
This smorgasbord of recipes is expanded on a daily basis as new discoveries are made and documented in the press or latest murder mystery thrillers .
Information on how to produce the pill will be readily available to whomsoever wishes to find it .
Local libraries will likely be a convenient source of such information .
This wealth of knowledge will make for a multitude of pill production methods , strengthening potential manufacturers ' positions with flexibility in materials and processes , and so practically guaranteeing low costs of production and little risk of significant shortages of the materials required for the procedure .
If one set of ingredients is made unavailable , producers could simply select another formula .
Pill production start ups on a shoe string A few hundreds of dollars worth of chemicals and equipment would support an entrepreneurial pill plant start up .
Maybe less .
Operating cost concerns
The cost of the materials and processing involved in the pill 's manufacturing should be small .
Unlike the requirements for crops like cocoa or marijuana , pills could be easily produced virtually anywhere in the world , regardless of climate , available acreage , or agricultural fertility .
All that would matter would be acquisition of the basic chemicals , electricity , and a modest set of equipment .
Even the labor involved should not require great expertise , once the process has been properly documented .
Muddled moral concerns over pill production , distribution , and profiteering
The fact that the morality of the pill business might be highly controversial among the public would help ease concern on the part of the ' kingpins ' of the new trade .
Maybe fully a third to a half of the population in many nations might consider it a beneficial enterprise , in the beginning , before governments bring their own propaganda apparatus to bear against the " new social scourge " .
Potentially astronomical profits
The costs of pill production will likely be so low as to be negligible .
Distribution costs , however , could be kept artificially high by the illegality of the substance , as legislated by many alarmed governmental bodies .
$ 100 ?
$ 1000 ?
$ 10,000 ?
How much would people be willing to pay for relief from their problems ?
For permanent relief ?
Would any price be too high ?
Even at only $ 50 per pill , if ingredient costs were two cents each , you 'd have a possible gross profit of $ 49.98 per tablet .
Or 249 , 900 % of the original two cent investment ; almost a quarter million percent profit .
In a world where conventional investments are considered high yield if they provide fifteen percent return on investment , such windfalls could entice many into the trade .
Though pill production and distribution would enjoy great logistical and pricing advantages over many previous drugs , and even the benefit of a somewhat ambivalent public attitude ( notwithstanding that of governments ) , the pill trade will also be able to operate with a much slimmer hierarchy of personnel .
Producers may typically be much closer to the end - users , thereby cutting out entirely many of the middlemen who have prospered in the more traditional markets by way of smuggling drugs across borders .
Therefore producers would retain a larger share of any gross profits garnered .
Distribution Governments can't stop distribution of any commodity which enjoys a strong demand and comparatively easy supply ; they can only slow it .
Witness the ongoing distribution of cocaine or marijuana throughout the world .
The pill would likely be so easily made that hidden production labs could be set up on virtually every street corner , and essential supplies gathered from a thousand different sources .
Helicopters scanning wooded areas for telltale fields would be an impotent weapon against this drug .
And so would be Customs , Coast Guard , and military interception efforts .
For all intents and purposes , the pill could prove an unstoppable entity once it appears .
Its only weakness , if it has one , will be improvements in the human condition within an affected region .
For with the coming of the death control pill , people will have to want to stick around , to do so .
Coercion of all kinds will ultimately become ineffective in the face of wide availability of the pill to a populace .
The pill could perhaps turn out to be the strongest single source of effective opposition to cruelty , injustice , and a malevolent ' Big Brother ' apparatus , for decades to come .
What about the fact that there should be no recurring sales since first - time customers would soon be dead ?
This ' fact ' is in error .
Actually , some recurrance of sales will occur , as those who keep the pill only as a contingency option may wish to update their personal dose regularly , to prevent undesirable or unsuccessful results from actual usage .
The pill ingredients might , after all , degrade over time like those of many other drugs .
And even if deterioration is n't a factor , many people wo n't wish to take a chance with this , their last and greatest luxury in life ; that of a clean and convenient exit from this world .
It will take quite some time to saturate the world market with the pill .
First , some 70 % of the population will be unable to afford the pill in the beginning ( as sellers will naturally keep profit margins high for as long as they can ) .
So sales to that 70 % will slowly and gradually take place over time .
Secondly , not everyone will immediately buy the pill when it first becomes available to them .
Heavy government propaganda , huge penalties for possession , and strict enforcement of bans by authorities may discourage many for a time .
Thirdly , those places where religion and tradition are still strong may prove resistant to the pill 's lure .
But this resistance will usually weaken as modernization takes hold in such areas .
It is likely too that it will simply take some time for many to make the personal decision to purchase a pill , even if legal risks and availability issues are ignored .
Some may have to cast off the final blushes of vigorous youth before such an option becomes attractive .
Others may be so absorbed in their lives and careers that only the arrival of more sedate and boring times , such as retirement , will spur a purchase .
All these different restrictions and lifepaths might tend to cause a steady stream of sales worldwide of the drug , over a period of decades ( at the very least ) , unless a better alternative makes its debut .
How easy will it be to market a death control pill ?
Massive free advertising would support early sales of the pill , soon after it has come to the attention of the media .
Only a handful of deaths and related court cases would be required to thrust it into the spotlight of public attention .
Afterwards word of mouth and indirect media references would have to suffice , as many governments banned reports related to its existence , even in countries normally as tolerant of free speech as the U.S.
The general effect of the ongoing information explosion .
A chilling certainty about personal fates
Our modern - day saturation in knowledge about all the world includes the trials , excesses , tortures , and temptations of a great many of our fellow human beings .
Such knowledge forces us to face , among other things , the more unpleasant implications of each passing birthday , and the increasing pace of deaths and afflictions among our personal peer groups .
This unrelenting ' in - your - face ' presentation has scared many about growing older or becoming critically ill or injured .
Scared us to a magnitude unprecedented in human history for any generation .
Three generations , two , and even one generation ago , the individual was not nearly so thoroughly drenched with certainty as to their own fate concerning aging and other mortal liabilities .
Sure , we have uplifting and inspirational stories about many traumatic instances of same ; but the net effect on many of us remains a growing apprehension and awareness about it all , and a coalescing of conscious commitment on the part of some to affect a quick and clean ending for themselves , should certain conditions come to pass .
Dashed expectations
Then too , there is the factor of rising expectations and dashed hopes .
We are continuously bombarded with titillating promises of breakthroughs which could break the age - old cycles of death and disease endured by our forebears .
Yet the pace of application of these innovations continues to fail miserably at living up to such grandiose visions .
Indeed , it may well require a century or two for science to deliver a large part of what it has already promised in the way of longevity and quality of life .
This juxtaposition of elements makes for deep disappointment in many .
And deep - seated distrust of those who offer so much yet seem to deliver so little .
Other relevant dashed expectations can be found in economic statistics .
Many among the Baby Boom generation and those following in America are finding it difficult to match the prosperity of their parents .
In fact , many may never achieve such a goal , unless economic conditions change substantially .
The resulting disillusionment could contribute to pill demand ( Though the early twenty - first century will be a prosperous one overall , it will primarily raise living standards in the rest of the world to better match those already present in the West ; the standards of the developed countries themselves will tend to stagnate or rise relatively slowly over the long term , compared to many other nations ) .
Deathstyles of the rich and famous
Our faith and confidence in the capability of our technology to protect us from the ravages of time , illness , and injury will be greatly eroded by the obvious deaths and suffering of others on the evening news each night .
We will all be especially attentive towards life - threatening and fatal events involving celebrities ; not only because of the attraction of their notoriety , but also because we will be aware that many of these people enjoy all the benefits that wealth and modern medicine can bring to bear against their suffering and death .
They will most certainly enjoy far more protection than most of we common folk .
Therefore , the experiences of these people will define for us the very limits of what can be expected of our medical resources .
All too often , we will be chagrined to see that even the greatest expenditures will be inadequate to the task .
This will help strengthen demand for the pill across - the - board .
On the other side of the confidence coin , few would doubt the possibility of a death control pill .
For virtually everyone recognizes such a product is feasible .
We 'd know that such a drug was no pipe dream .
And this awareness would help fuel pill sales still further .
Agent of change
The sputtering start of the Second Coming Low quality and tragedy may well mark many initial death control pill offerings .
Agonizing deaths or non-fatal instances involving brain damage or physical crippling may be the results of some early pills distributed on the black market .
Like the first stages of many enterprises , the first offering of death control pills could be messy and fraught with risk for the first to believe the promise of an easy death .
These initial pill - takers will essentially perform the role of ' guinea pigs ' for the pill formulation process , on a global scale .
The magnitude of suffering wrought by this phenomenon will be directly proportional to the non-willingness of world governments to legitimatize the new drug with any form of effectiveness testing and quality ratings .
Doubtless too , any less - than - optimum results among early pill takers will be seized upon by governments and others for heavy use in later propaganda campaigns , no matter how well subsequent pill offerings perform their task .
Sacrificial pets
It may become a common practice for people to get and / or keep small , expendable ' pets ' for the sole purpose of testing a pill on the animal prior to taking one themselves .
This practice will also require people to buy early pills in pairs , rather than single doses , to enable the testing process .
Later , after the pill has proven itself in thousands of deaths , the practice of testing doses with pets will decline .
Immediate global consequences of the wide availability of a reliable pill Initially there will be a mounting rate of suicides as the pill becomes available .
These early suicides will probably be concentrated in the developed nations by virtue of their greater buying power .
Thus , the very populations most important to the health of the global economy will be struck first , and hardest .
These people are the most important to the economy because they are the ones in whom the most has been invested , money , support , and education - wise .
These folks are the resource base already in place for maintenance of economies and expansion of markets .
Final flings
Some users may choose to enjoy a brief but extravagant shopping spree or vacation before popping a pill at the end to avoid the financial consequences .
It could take some years before institutions could put up adequate defenses against such morbid shenanigans .
If it were allowed to run too far afield , it might actually create its own banking and insurance crisis , akin to that of the U.S. Savings and Loan fiasco of the eighties .
However , the magnitude of damage inflicted could far exceed that earlier case .
Final flings would not be limited to aged retirees .
Indeed , the majority would likely involve the young ; thirty year olds and less , who wished to live a few days or weeks in extravagant excess , and then exit the stage via pill .
" Blessed are the meek , for they will inherit the earth . " - Matthew 5:5 of the New King James Version of the Bible [ Thomas Nelson Publishers ] .
The great majority of those who die by the pill will not be the so - called ' dregs ' of society , but rather the very opposite .
Thousands of intelligent and hard working blue collar employees from old - style manufacturing jobs , shocked by sudden joblessness or 50 % pay cuts due to global competition and an accelerating pace of innovation , pleading for opportunities to retrain and rise again to the plateau from which they fell , will get no such support from business or government , and turn to the pill for final solace .
Young , educated , competent , and ambitious women and other minority individuals , who are frustrated by a combination of job bias and media fostered standards of beauty , style , and income that they cannot reach , will form another large contingent of the newly dead .
We will lose many of our most highly skilled , educated , motivated , and hard working people .
There is a strong possibility that we could be left with precious few qualified people to run our institutions .
And if we allow temptation to goad us into overworking or underpaying them , we will lose them too .
If we lose too many , we could end up entrusting our lives and well being to air traffic controllers , airplane pilots , doctors , nurses , lawyers , teachers , engineers , scientists , architects , construction workers , and so on and so forth , drawn from the poorest , youngest , least educated and least experienced classes in the country .
For there wo n't be enough left of any other groups to man all the vacated posts .
We can expect that productivity would tend to plummet , inflation and deflation appear side - by - side in unpredictable and savage fashion , living standards fall , and innovation decline , in such an event .
And a vicious downward spiral begin from these negatives which could lead to further waves of suicides , which filled more positions with lower quality workers , and so on and so forth .
It 's entirely possible that some countries could end up depending almost completely on the quality of their previously most disadvantaged classes , for many essential services and products .
Some might see an ironic justice in this turnabout .
As the remaining elite would find themselves increasingly overworked because of the rarity of expertise in what was left of the workforce , and the fact that they would be increasingly surrounded by those they so disdained in previous times .
Minorities and women would fill the majority of newly vacated posts .
But not necessarily high quality minority and women candidates ; for these would have largely ' died out ' along with their WASP counterparts in the first waves of the crisis .
No , in the new scenario the lifeblood of many companies and government agencies would ultimately consist largely ( in America , at least ) of women minorities , who possessed a high school education , at best .
Many would probably speak the traditional state language brokenly , if at all , adding communication problems to all the others involved .
The past policies of discrimination , at all levels and in all fields , could come back to haunt what few remained of the original white male , well educated , well heeled majority in the western countries .
With a vengeance .
For they would find themselves ' reaping what they sowed ' in terms of education and job training for the underclasses .
Train conductors would be pressed into service as administrative assistants .
Rent - a - cops would become CAD operators .
Waitresses and busboys would become nurses .
And all these events would have to occur with most training taking place on the job .
Does the thought of you or your children undergoing surgery at the hands of such a ' first timer ' make you feel safe and secure ?
Though this environment would represent great , unprecedented opportunity for the heretofore underprivileged , it would also be very stressful for everyone involved .
And dangerous .
For many jobs hold great responsibility and risks , and simply cannot be adequately taught by way of short cuts .
Yet by the time all this takes place there may be no other alternative .
The countries hardest hit and why Among the developed nations use of the pill will be further concentrated in those countries enduring the greatest magnitude of ' future shock ' as described by Alvin Toffler in his book of the same name ; those nations where the pace of cultural , technological , and economic change are the most progressive , the fastest and most violent in nature : the United States , Canada , and Germany being among the prime candidates .
The states of the old Soviet Union and most progressive of the Eastern European states may follow .
Why wo n't Japan be among the hardest hit ?
Its homogeneous population and culture , and confidence gained from recent economic successes may shield it somewhat from many of the pressures faced by others .
Several of the western european countries are actively resisting many techno- economic inspired cultural changes , despite all the hoopla over ' EC 92 ' ( This is one reason for their continuing lackluster performance in many key economic areas today . ) ; so they too might be spared the greatest initial harm from the pill 's appearance .
Another factor which will help shield them , ironically enough , will be the very socialism among some countries that Americans and others have before disparaged as being a source of their uncompetitiveness in many markets .
National health care and better treatment of the poor overall may keep pill - related deaths lower in places like Sweden , than other nations .
And make them much stronger competitors on the world stage as the pill more deeply wounds countries such as the United States and Germany .
In this way could legislators among the great powers find the tables turned , so - to - speak , virtually overnight , regarding what the wisest social policies for economic development really are .
Therefore the greatest proportion of early suicides will be largely inflicted upon the premier cultural and economic ' locomotives ' of the world , with only Japan of this group being spared the worst damage , in the initial stages .
At the other end of the spectrum , the poorest nations will be protected by their very poverty ; their citizens simply wo n't be able to afford the pill .
However , this Second Coming could be a ' rolling change ' sweeping throughout the world , for decades to come .
That is , nations like the U.S. , Germany , and Eastern Europe may suffer the brunt of the first wave of pill - induced suicides , but later stages will impact hard on many of those initially spared .
For all ultimately follow the lead of the fastest evolving states .
The new institutional drug pushers A multitude of other drugs will eventually be pushed by organizations ( including governments ) in order to provide alternatives to potential death control pill users .
Pleasure drugs will abound , and substantial research efforts will be mounted to find or create drugs which can enhance feelings of well - being without adversely affecting health or work performance .
The very first results of these efforts will likely be related to drugs we are familiar with today , such as marijuana .
The more toxic elements in the drug ( like nicotine family ingredients ) will be bred or processed out of the end user 's dose , while the psychoactive ingredients may be enhanced or altered so as to be more predictable and desirable in results .
Other measures may include fast acting ' antidotes ' to various recreational drugs , which could serve to prevent unwanted effects from bleeding over into other , inappropriate parts of user 's lives , such as work .
Significant alcohol intake the night before might no longer have a measurable impact on performance the next day , for example .
In this fashion could harmful by - products of drug use by one person on the lives of others be minimized , while still preserving individual freedoms .
Some governments may realize early on that legalization of less drastic drugs , such as marijuana , could be the most effective tool at their disposal in the near term for dealing with the suicide pill .
For with a stroke of a pen they could usurp organized crime profits in the form of taxes , to apply to expansion of social services .
They would also be providing a new legitimatized recreational alternative for people , thus perhaps postponing their resort to the death pill for a while , at least .
Too , the savings gleaned from abandonment of marijuana search and seizure practices could itself add to the monies available for dealing with more serious crime problems .
We should n't neglect the fact that in the case of marijuana legislation new economic opportunities would open up for rural families , and our real trade deficit with the rest of the world would be reduced .
Prostitution might also be legitimatized , for similar reasons .
The religious right may offer surprisingly little resistance to such legislative changes ( and even more radical ones ) in the face of a mounting death toll that includes many of their own members .
Too , they will be influenced by the appearance of new forms of entertainment ( spawned by technological innovation ) , which will seem so bizarre and blasphemous to them that old fashioned vices like pot and prostitution will seem tame and virtuous by comparison .
Another source of pressure for the demilitarization of the world
The terrible toll of death which will be ultimately wrought by a combination of the pill , technological accidents , and large - scale acts of terrorism upon the world may make the previous ' world wars ' look small by comparison .
Since what remains of the world population will have easy access to their own departure from the scene ( via the pill ) , governments could find themselves forced to upgrade social services and economic well - being in order to persuade them to stay .
This means money .
And where could the money come from ?
Upping taxes substantially could spur another wave of pill - induced deaths .
So money would have to come from areas previously budgeted in other ways .
But not from existing social programs .
For reductions there could be just as deleterious on death rates as tax hikes .
Reductions in research would likewise be unacceptable .
Because increasing both the quality and longevity of life will require much study and experimentation .
But what remaining large portion of government spending will this leave to tap ?
Defense .
Large sums will be pulled from military budgets , and applied to areas like education , health care , and civil economic investment .
Conventional military forces , or weapons of mass destruction , provide no protection whatsoever from terrorism , industrial accident , or disease , the primary scourges of the twenty - first century .
And actually cause declines in living standards and economic competitiveness for those nations which cling to their military might .
Such declines in living standards themselves breed more unrest and violence internally , as time goes by .
Many recent books and articles list reasons why interest and investment in military force should decline in the coming years .
The death control pill could be yet another nail in the military budget coffin .
A revolution in totalitarian societies Since the majority of non-democratic societies are in the Third World , and desperately poor , their populations will not enjoy the relief of the death control pill for possibly a long time .
For they simply will not have sufficient funds to entice smugglers to bring them in or producers to set up shop within their borders .
But eventually the pill will make itself felt even in these places .
And its impact could be considerable .
Dictators or otherwise oppressive governments could find themselves with hollowed out economies and bankrupt societies , virtually overnight .
For death rates under such regimes could sky rocket as the pill comes on the scene .
The people in countries such as China could be freed at last from their evil or ignorant leaders , as such governments would surely be toppled or resign in the face of such developments .
And if new dictators attempted to replace them , the pill might defeat them too .
For leaders must have followers , by definition ; and the pill will ultimately allow any leader to be stripped of his strength and influence by the people .
No matter how many missiles , tanks , bombs , or guns that he possesses .
Even if the people themselves are trapped within the boundaries of their own country , as so many were behind the Iron Curtain for so long .
Such traditional constraints will simply become irrelevant , if conditions deteriorate sufficiently within a state .
And , of course , with few dictatorships / authoritarian states left in the world , the chances for large scale conflict will be greatly diminished .
Lessening still further the need of many countries for substantial defensive forces of their own .
And if standing armies become much smaller , the vulnerability of countries to internal coups will also be reduced , and stability in those states enhanced , thus opening the way for low risk economic development by foreign investors .
Opening the floodgates of wealth and opportunity
The loss of a significant portion of the world population could force the powers that be to open the floodgates of innovation and economic opportunity to an unprecedented scale .
Business , financial , and educational bias in areas of race , sex , and religion would finally be stamped out entirely by tough new laws and the cold reality of shrinking populations .
Every bit of realized human potential , regardless of its source , would be desperately needed by society .
Prejudice would simply become too expensive in the new order .
New laws could empower individuals while weakening multi-national corporations , in business matters .
Corporations already possess many methods by which to profit that individuals cannot match : enormous labor forces , widespread distribution chains , powerful marketing and advertising systems , deep pockets by which to manipulate changes in the law towards their own benefit , and more .
Indeed , it increasingly appears that large corporations may possess too much power for the world 's own good , as of the mid-nineties .
Why not tweak the balance more in favor of individuals ?
How ?
Ban corporations from owning patents altogether , allowing only those individuals directly responsible for such ideas to own them ( Companies could still license the patent from the owner ( s ) ) .
Or at least reduce the lifespan of a corporate owned patent to something much less that for a patent in the possession of an individual .
Say an individual 's patent might last for 15 years , while a corporation 's only for five or six .
Sure , such changes , properly done , would cost large corporations $ millions , $ billions , even $ trillions in some cases .
But few companies would actually go bankrupt .
And all that wealth would not disappear into thin air -- no , it would simply flow elsewhere into the economy .
Namely , to consumers in the form of lower cost products and services , and to the real inventors of new technologies themselves , rather than a few high profile CEOs in skyscrapers who likely had little to do with the ideas in the first place .
And much of the money would spawn new business start ups as well , creating more competition and innovation in the marketplace , and therefore higher living standards for all .
Another way to open the floodgates might be true election campaign finance reform -- at least in increasingly corrupt systems like that of the USA .
If large corporations and wealthy individuals could no longer outright buy the politicians writing the laws , there 'd be a far better chance that government would work more often for everyone , rather than just the privileged few .
Such a revamped system would likely make for dramatic changes in government budget priorities within a relatively short time -- even without the pressures of a death control pill in the background .
Excessive military spending would be slashed , wasteful subsidies benefiting only a few companies or wealthy individuals banned , and many taxes reduced or dropped altogether .
The income tax system , freed of hundreds of thousands of legal loopholes for the elite ( and the handful of subsidies included for the poor as well , as they'd get the money more directly in other ways now ) , could at last be simplified greatly , thereby putting even more money into the hands of citizens by making tax preparation services unnecessary too .
Corporations forced to divest themselves of their servile politicans by campaign finance reform , and suffering a loss of patent power to many of their own employees as well as many outsiders , would be forced once again to concentrate on the contest with competitors and better serving their customers as ways to get ahead .
Entire departments of lawyers and lobbyists would likely be laid off at many firms , as they no longer were of much value to the companies .
Law school enrollments would decline as related opportunities disappeared .
And the art of business would be revitalized , as the distractions and subsidies of lobbying / supporting lawmakers , attempting to patent everything imaginable , and stifle competition with endless patent - derived lawsuits , all ended .
No longer could the companies so easily control , delay , and otherwise manipulate the pace of innovation in their respective fields .
So the pace of innovation across the board would accelerate .
And those innovations which boosted productivity and convenience would be more highly prized than ever by a world with a much reduced population and an enormous need to keep the remaining survivors happy and industrious at the same time .
Too , all the above would serve to help keep the dreams of individuals alive , as it could effectively act as another sort of ' lottery ' , only better .
For this sort of contest could be won by hard work , skill , creativity , teamwork , and research , where other forms depend solely on intangibles like luck , which are beyond anyone 's ability to consciously affect beyond purely statistical means .
An overhauled patent process plus the long term consequences of campaign finance reform would be a lottery in which one could ' make their own luck ' , to a degree .
And so such reforms would be a welcome boost for many in their own perceived ' pursuit of happiness ' .
Such actions on the part of governments could have a great and positive impact on the psychology of their societies , and perhaps pull a few million souls back from the edge of the precipice with an old fashioned tool we used to call hope .
Corporations never truly invented anything .
People were the inventors .
Corporations merely claimed the profits .
But post - reform , with individuals able to more easily obtain patents and truly benefit from their own ideas rather than being forced to give up them up to soulless corporate entities , an explosion of new ideas could be expected to burst forth from the previously locked out lower classes of nations .
While a great many would naturally fail the tests of practicality or of meeting a real need , the sheer greater numbers invoked would likely guarantee a measurable increase in real innovation in the world , over what existed before .
The new redistribution of wealth that resulted from the process would also have a great positive impact on society and the economy , that would serve to make the promise implied above more real and tangible to the common man .
It would n't be long before almost everyone personally knew of someone who was prospering as a result of this new avenue of opportunity .
By way of the events described above and others , the presence of the death control pill could possibly force the rich to finally give up their most cherished institution ; the unwritten law that appears to demand the difference between rich and poor always be obvious .
Enhancement of care and support for those who want to live
As individual conscience becomes ever more important to the politics and economics of the world , increasing care will be bestowed upon those who are fighting to live , as opposed to those who wish to die .
Medical care will likely become free , or near - free , for everyone who desires it in the developed nations .
In the future , each individual life will be far more precious than today , as there may be far fewer of them , they will be a more fleeting or ' volatile ' resource ( due to the pill ) , and newly discovered economic opportunities will be begging for a labor force to exploit them .
Expansion in state responsibility for the rearing of the young Besides the obvious revamping of education as one facet of enhanced social services , there will also be an outright revolution in how the young are processed by the system .
Day care might at last become institutionalized , with many parents not seeing their children much at all except on three day weekends ( And nearly every weekend might be a three day weekend in the new economies ; except for those incorporating holidays , which will span four days . ) .
Governments and corporations could assume proportions of the burdens of care and education of children to an extent undreamt of in earlier times .
Why ?
To make life easier for working parents .
To free them of many familial responsibilities and worries , so they can better concentrate on their work and leisure .
For life must not only be easier , but better , else many will simply ' bail out ' by way of the pill , leaving governments holding the bag for all the responsibilities they leave behind , and the unrealized socio- economic contributions they take with them .
The dilemma of pill illegality
In regard to educating the public and pursuing other tactics to prevent accidental misuse of the pill
Those governments which make the mistake of banning entirely all references to the pill 's existence within their borders will find they have tied their own hands concerning some important issues .
For example , there could be cases of accidental death , by friends or relatives of pill possessors taking a dosage purely by mistake .
Cases which might be reduced with proper public education and awareness , and packaging standards ( such as child - resistant containers ) for the drug .
Yet a government which refuses to acknowledge the existence of the pill will be unable to set such standards or supply such knowledge to its populace .
In regard to enhancement of care for those who want to live Organ donors are becoming increasingly important to modern medicine .
Yet the organs of deceased stemming from pill - induced deaths may not be suitable for transplantation .
This condition could reach unacceptable proportions quickly if the majority of deaths suddenly come from the pill rather than other causes .
If an unregulated black market is the main source of death pills , there might be a multitude of different concoctions , making reliable and safe organ use from the new wealth of bodies near impossible .
But if a standardized , well known formula is used within the killing tablets , which can be reliably washed out or otherwise compensated for in subsequent proceedings , or is designed from the start to do minimal damage to the vital organs of the body , such a waste of organs might be avoided .
Thus , legislators will face some pressure to bestow at least limited legality and approval on the pill .
( For as more people voluntarily die , those that remain by choice will be ever more important and irreplaceable to us .
We will greatly desire replacement organs with which to keep them alive . )
New respect for and utilization of the elderly
The elderly could suddenly become a prized resource in economies faced with severe shortages of experienced and educated younger personnel .
Ironically , the greater proportion of first wave pill deaths will probably occur among the young , as many face the traumatic disillusionment that comes of maturation in the modern day world .
The older generations will be already past such trials , and so perhaps less susceptible to the siren call of an easy death from such sources .
Long term implications of the pill 's existence
The implications of the death control pill could be staggering for the world economy and society .
Especially if it became available some time after a net decrease in birth rates had already taken hold world - wide , AIDs and other epidemics had swept the globe , and a great economic boom was stretching the current labor pool to its limits .
The world would be ill prepared to lose a sizable fraction of its population under such circumstances .
a - j r m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
The consequences could include deep economic depression .
Which itself could exacerbate the problem still further , and bring about a vicious downward spiral from which the world might never recover , if governments erred in how they responded to the crisis .
Governments and corporations could n't keep the pills out of people 's hands .
All they could do would be to try to persuade them not to make use of them , by continually increasing the quality of life , for everyone .
Propaganda alone would be inadequate .
For if people did n't like the game , for the first time in history they could -- easily and painlessly -- refuse to play .
The rise of ' die-ins '
A new variation on old forms of protest could arise with the advent of the death control pill .
Where earlier we have seen and heard of ' sit - ins ' and ' teach - ins ' , next we could see ' die -ins ' .
Especially among fanatics .
Large masses of people may congregate at a place of contention and simultaneously all take a pill .
The result could be a Red Square or Tiananmen Square filled to the brim with corpses , on world news broadcasts .
Orchestrated public death on such large scales may not occur frequently , but the few times they did would shake many people and institutions to their very roots .
The more usual form of such protests would involve much smaller groups , and lone individuals , much like the present day events of people dousing themselves with gasoline and setting it afire .
However , as the death control pill will be a much easier , less frightening , and less painful method of self - sacrifice than older ones , we can expect such demonstrations of commitment and frustration to attract substantially larger numbers of participants than ever before .
Panic plagues
Any nation 's citizenry that is well equipped with death control pills may find itself frighteningly vulnerable to scares of any and all sorts .
For when and if the populace is sufficiently terrified or shocked , the consequences could include a ' panic plague ' .
A panic plague would simply be a case of pill use on a wide scale in response to particularly scary newscasts or similar circumstances .
A more modern rendition of Orson Welles ' famous hysteria producing " War of the Worlds " radio broadcast might be consummated in the twenty - first century with the deaths of hundreds of thousands , if a death control pill were widely available .
Such possibilities may exert their own pressures on the freedom of the media in what they present their audience , and how .
Low - cost retirement Quite a few people may opt to base their retirement plans entirely on the suicide pill .
Such a strategy would eliminate any need to save for retirement , thus freeing up funds to be used earlier in life for whatever purpose was desired .
In other words , if the pill was your retirement plan , you could live relatively ' high on the hog ' as long as it suited your purpose , then conveniently exit from the financial mess that resulted .
This strategy might allow for exploitation of certain financial instruments , making it advisable for some institutions to address such contingencies in their long term business plans .
A lot of people would end up using the death pill for retirement by default , as they simply would n't have made suitable arrangements to support themselves during their elder years .
In those cases the pill could be a great convenience and relief , preventing many from suffering the humiliation and pain of destitution .
Mercy kill - pills for war
Of course , another possible use of the death control pill would be in war .
Tablets which degraded from killing potency to harmlessness within weeks of an air drop could be useful in war without presenting long term danger for non-combatants later .
An example of opportunity would be during instances like the horrendous bombing that the allies did over parts of Kuwait and Iraq in the first Persian Gulf war .
Air drops of death pills with appropriate instructions might have been welcomed by the poor recruits pressed into service by Saddam , trapped in their ditches by encircling mines and squads dedicated to seeking out and shooting deserters .
The pills would also have been merciful releases for those whose bodies were shattered by the bombs and had little hope of survival or decent care within the Iraqi medical system .
Enemy soldiers too are human , and should be provided a humane way to escape the worst cases of pain and horror that war can inflict on them .
In the future the supply of such ' mercy kill - pills ' to one 's enemy ( as well as one 's own troops , when appropriate ) might become part of a new Geneva Convention type agreement .
Though no wars could ever be regarded as ' good ' , they might be made ' better ' if participants had access to mercifully fast and effective escapes from the more terrible circumstances of mutilation and agony that might be sustained .
If death control pills had no other justification for existence , this alone might be sufficient .
The pill in last resort emergency relief efforts
Another dimension of the suicide pill may be that of humanitarian organizations actually air dropping the pill into devastated areas , to provide merciful deaths for those who might want them .
Candidate regions would include those where disease or other afflictions are extreme , and there appears no other practical way to aid the population .
Regions saturated with deadly radioactive fallout might be one example .
Here a kill - pill might be most merciful compared to the hours , days , or weeks of horror people might otherwise suffer through ( The future will burden us with many heart - breaking decisions of this sort , unfortunately . ) .
Such measures , of course , will not be possible until after pill formulas , production techniques , and legislation allows for such distribution .
As many governments will be violently opposed to the pill , perhaps for decades , it could take a while for such acts of benevolence to become feasible .
The greater significance large - scale loss of life may pose for a modern global economy , as opposed to that of generations past Enormous population losses sustained in the past did not affect the world so drastically as they could today , largely because of the lack of global integration of economies , or because of other powerful events of the time overshadowing whatever effect they did have .
Hitler 's extermination of millions of Jews in World War II went largely unnoticed until the death camps themselves were discovered .
The massive dislocation of the war itself , and extreme measures taken by world governments in response made the loss not immediately noticeable in the context of that world - spanning conflict .
But the global economy of today will quickly show us that the times are very different indeed .
As the deaths due to the suicide pill mount into the millions , and are concentrated in the most highly developed of nations , the entire world economy could find itself plunged into depression , or worse .
Conclusion
The net effect on the world population of genetic gender choices for offspring , the various calamities that erupt in the next century in the Third World , and a rising tide of opportunity which soaks up workers like a sponge while simultaneously reducing birthrates , could combine with the appearance of a death control pill to form severe labor shortages in the twenty - first century .
The results ?
Governments and businesses the world over could be forced to respond more sympathetically to social needs .
If stress levels are not reduced , legal logjams cleared away , work made more humane and satisfying , and the quality of life in general improved , people will ' vote with their pill ' , rather than by ballot or feet , and those who remain will suffer the consequences .
The appearance of the death control pill , in conjunction with other challenges we may encounter to our survival , might well tip the balance towards a dark and painful time for us beyond the next century .
If the global population fell below a certain level , losing too many of its best and brightest , just as conventional fossil fuels were running out and innovative alternatives required , we might collapse into a much poorer and fragile state of civilization than we enjoy today .
It could be similar to the Great Depression that occurred early in the twentieth century .
Or worse .
On the other hand , if the appearance of the pill and other problems do not damage us so much as scare us , then they might instead help us clean up our act in regards to insanely high military expenditures , inefficient government , and inadequate economic opportunity and social services .
And pave the way to a much brighter future for us all .
Free ( or nearly so ) education , health care , basic housing , and child day - care could become available to virtually everyone .
That long time nemesis of conservative politicians , the ' cradle - to - grave ' welfare system , could become an essential staple of the new global economics .
This new reality could force nations across - the - board to give up their devotion to lavish military spending , and divert the funds instead to improving living standards for their people .
The only alternative would be the loss of their native populations .
Without people , there can be no governments , no nations , no civilization .
Even the most primitive and narrow - minded of regimes will be able to grasp this fact readily when their populations shrink before their eyes .
Another consequence of the suicide pill may well be a ' pruning ' of the human genetic tree .
Because those groups of people afflicted with unbearable physical , mental , or social torment may opt out of this existence , taking their genes with them and out of the global pool .
If there 's a bright side to this , it 's that it will make future generations ( if there are any ) more resistant to the pill 's lure .
It is in this way that the dream of a madman from World War II might be partially realized .
For only the happiest and most fiercely determined of people are likely to survive this challenge , in the long run .
Those blessed with natural beauty , brains , and health may find it the easiest .
The advantage of wealth would make it easier still .
Those fortunate enough to have developed strong relationships with friends and family will also be resistant to the temptation of easy death .
So too will be those with jobs and co-workers they enjoy .
Dreamers , like artists , writers , innovators , and entrepreneurs , with a burning desire for achievement , may escape the pill 's grasp as well .
But at this point we reach the very edge of the probable survivors .
Dreamers , by their very nature , may undergo great mood swings .
With one day spent in ecstasy , and the next in the blackest of depressions .
In their darkest days they will be highly vulnerable to the seduction of an easy end .
Out beyond the dreamers , will be those of much higher susceptibility to the pill 's charms ; those who Thoreau spoke of living " lives of quiet desperation " .
And therein lies the greatest long term danger to the world .
For all those with no hope , who dare not dream of a better life , may well succumb to Death 's call .
The ugly , the weak , the poor , the disabled , the uneducated , the socially abandoned , may all view the pill as their best alternative .
And enthusiastically exit this world they never asked to enter .
And what portion of the world population do these people make up ?
Half ?
Maybe more ?
Some would argue that this group includes at least three - fourths of the people on the planet .
Could humanity survive with such a horrendous loss in its numbers , at this late date ?
Do not forget that many within these groups are the ones who do by far the greatest amount of work and produce the bulk of the wealth , though they may share in little of it .
We would be hard pressed to live without the clothes they sewed , the ore they mined , the products they assembled , the food they picked , and the markets they represent .
As well as the ideas they have .
Not a few of our greatest minds arose against all odds from backgrounds of poverty and deprivation .
Even if we ignored the tremendous tragedy of the deaths of so many people , the most callous of us would soon be mourning their absence for purely selfish reasons .
For their deaths would make the lives of those surviving them exceedingly difficult .
Many of us would not realize the enormous contribution these folk make to our own cozy middle - class lives , until they were gone .
At the other end of the spectrum , even the most fortunate of us have our ' bad days ' ; times that could lure us too into the arms of Death , if an easy exit were available .
So , in fact , virtually the entire population of the world would be at risk from the pill , at one time or another , if not all at once .
This may well be how many sentient races throughout the cosmos meet their end .
Not with the ' bang ' of a cataclysmic war , but the ' whimper ' of a species - wide suicide which liberates them from their mortal travails .
We have searched in vain for signs of civilizations beyond our planet , for years now .
Perhaps the silent skies are testimony of many races fading away simply because their populations dropped too low to sustain their technology and continued development .
Life can be exceedingly difficult at times .
Even for the otherwise much advantaged .
Perhaps many species would eagerly abandon the treadmill if they possessed a convenient means to do so .
The death control pill could let us discover the truth of this for ourselves .
POSTSCRIPT : " There are n't that many drugs that a doctor can give you for a reliable , peaceful death , " " Nitschke co-authored " The Peaceful Pill Handbook , " the Australian version of the 1991 American Hemlock Society guide , " Final Exit , " which lays out precisely how to end your life .
The book is banned in Australia , where assisted suicide is now illegal . "
" The Flounders bought several 100 milliliter bottles of the sterile , liquid pentobarbital for under $ 50 each . " -- Tourists Trek to Mexico for ' Death in a Bottle ' Veterinary Drug Nembutal Said to Give Gentle Death to Terminally Ill By SUSAN DONALDSON JAMES July 31 , 2008 Doctor Philip Nitschke to launch ' undetectable ' death machine By Kim Wheatley The Advertiser December 18 , 2008 " It 's the latest suicide kit .
Technically , it 's a " NuTech death " kit .
Some call it " helium - in - a - bag . "
The kit can render a person unconscious in 10 seconds .
Dead in a few minutes .
" You do n't have to go to your doctor for an assisted suicide .
You can go to Toys R Us , " said Ogden , 46 .
He bought the pink helium tank from a toy store , plus the customized plastic bag off a NuTech website , for a total of $ 60 . " --
Hard - headed researcher of 300 suicides maintains he 's pro-life Nov 01 2008 , by Douglas Todd Dignitas : Swiss suicide helpers Swiss charity Dignitas has gained a worldwide reputation for helping people wth chronic diseases to end their lives 24 January 2006 This Pill Will Change Your Life
In the not - so - distant future , these six drugs -- already in the works -- will change how we live , and even how we die Posted 8.26.08
Is there a worst way to die ? by Josh Clark 8-1-08 END POSTSCRIPT .
RELATED PAGES BY THIS AUTHOR :
The top ten reasons to live rather than die
The world 's top ten biggest reasons for optimism
1-800-897-6993
Tahitian Noni ® Original ™
' So Much More Than Just A Noni Juice ' T raditional Polynesian Cultures have passed on stories of how the ‘ Tahitian Medicine Men ’
used the noni fruit to benefit the health of Polynesian ’s from generation to generation .
Today the tradition
continues as satisfied customers and consultants the world over , share their stories .
They tell of how their
lives have been changed for the better by the gift of the TAHITIAN NONI ® Original™ and the Morinda
TrueAge ™ Noni Bioactive Beverages .
When we explore the history of the noni among the islanders of the South Pacific , we can begin to appreciate
how much the islander ’s value this plant .
Their trust is not just limited to the fruit but also to the use of the noni
leaves and seeds .
' So Much More Than Just A Noni Juice ' Video Content © by Morinda Inc. / Tahitian Noni International / , Inc .
Morinda Inc . , is the producer of this exclusive original beverage .
The Morinda scientist and research team created Tahitian Noni ® Original™ by first harvesting the fruit ( at its peak readiness ) , then extracting the puree of the noni fruit .
The puree is then sent to the bottling facility where a unique flavoring system adds a proprietary Original blend of natural grape and blueberry juice concentrates .
The result is a product rich in flavor and an exclusive formula that works synergistically to enhance the extra-ordinary
benefits of the noni .
Video Content © by Morinda Inc./ Tahitian Noni International / , Inc.Morinda Bioactives
The grape , blueberry and noni fruits are documented to have health benefits that include antioxidant activity .
These three natural juices - of which noni plays the predominate role - work together in synergy .
The grape
and berry work together to magnify the benefits of the noni .
Morinda Inc. owns every step of the noni production in bringing the Tahitian Noni ® Original™ bioactive beverage from the tree , to the bottle , to you .
' So Much More Than Just A Noni Juice ' F or Y our C onvenience
You Have Three Ways To Order 1 . Personalized Ordering
( Limited Hours of Availability )
12:00 PM - 8:00 PM - PACIFIC TIME
Monday - Friday
Lower Price
1-800-897-6993
2. Order from Friendly Corporate
Agent ( Extended Hours )
7:00 AM - 7:00 PM - CENTRAL TIME
Monday - Friday Lower Price
1-800-445-2969 $ $ ~ For The Lower Price ~ $ $
Save $ $ - Tell the Agent You 're Ordering on
Diana 's Account # 8723 ( with her permission )
3. Order Online - All Prices Retail
24 Hour Availability
Monday - Sunday
Click the Green Cart Button on the product pages
of this website .
( The ' product pages ' are listed listed in the left column )
you will be be transferred to order on our
Secure corporate website .
Thank you for visiting !
Diana Cooper - Pearl
An Independent Morinda Product Consultant - IPC : 8723 - Since 1996
Images © Tahitian Noni International , used with permission .
All Rights reserved .
Tahitian Noni® Original ™and TruAge™ are
trademarks of Tahitian Noni International Copyright © 2001 - 2019 Moonlight Dreams™ i Diana L Cooper .
All Rights Reserved .
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of
their respective owners Updated 08-013-19 by Webmaster : Moonlight Productions
Any sane person would n’t want to go through this , and to come to think of it , you probably bought your get - away in far - flung Paraguay just to escape the heat of the attention the President generates .
If the rumors are to be believed then Mr. Bush has bought a 100,000 - acre ( 40,500 hectare ) ranch in northern Paraguay .
The rumors began with the state - run Cuban news agency Prensa Latina .
Tongues have been wagging about what President Bush ’s supposed interest in the “ chaco ” , semi-arid lowland in the Paraguay ’s north , might be .
One rumor suggests that he might be trying to take control of the Guarani Aquifer , one of the largest underground water reserves , from the Paraguayans .
Mr. Bush ’s supposed jaunts into South American real estate surfaced during a recent 10 - day visit to the country by his daughter Jenna Bush .
Officially she traveled with the UN children ’s agency Unicef to visit social projects .
Some reports even suggested she was sent on a family “ mission ” to tie up the land purchase in the “ chaco ” .
Erasmo Rodríguez Acosta , the governor of the Alto Paraguay region where Mr. Bush ’s alleged purchase lies , told one Paraguayan news agency there were indications that Mr. Bush had bought land in Paso de Patria , near the border with Brazil and Bolivia .
He was , unable to confirm it .
Source
In 2006 , the United States was by far the largest consumer of oil , followed by China and Japan .
On average , the U.S. consumed 20.6 million barrels per day .
Saudi Arabia was the largest producer , averaging 10.7 million barrels per day .
Vu Nguyen , New York Times , Oil production , consumption , exports to the United States You do not have the correct flash player version to view this feature .
In order to view this feature , you must download the latest version here
Once you have downloaded the latest version of flash player , you will need to reload this page .
Earlier this week , Toshiba announced that they would no longer be manufacturing or marketing HD DVD players , which effectively ended the HD disc format war going on between HD DVD and the victorious Blu-ray format .
Later that day , author and tech gadget enthusiast Steven Johnson twittered the following :
Chuckling at the fact that the ENTIRE PLATFORM died a month after I bought my HD - DVD player .
Thinking that it would be interesting to hear the tale of an early adopter in the age of hyper - obsolescence , I sent Johnson a few questions that he was kind enough to answer .
Jason Kottke : Warner Brothers went exclusively Blu-ray on January 4 .
When did you buy your player ?
Steven Johnson : Basically our old DVD player broke , and so I figured we might as well buy a next generation player if we were buying a new one .
Being the renowned technology futurist that I am , I analyzed the marketplace and decided that the HD - DVD / Blu-ray standoff was going to be around for a long time , and so I might as well just pick one and go with it .
I think I had HD - DVD in my head because I had been thinking about buying the XBOX - 360 HD - DVD accessory , so that ’s what I bought .
Right around December 20th I think .
Kottke :
The pace of HD DVD ’s collapse was dizzying , even by contemporary standards .
How do you feel about owning a brand new piece of obsolete technology ?
You ’re an early adopter …is this just how the game is played , even at this fantastic velocity ?
Johnson : I thought it was pretty funny .
I mean , the Betamax adopters at least had a few years to nag their VHS friends about the better picture quality , before the format died a slow death .
But HD - DVD — they just took it out back and shot it !
I think that ’s what ’s so striking about this .
I ca n’t remember a standards war where the winner was crowned so definitively .
For a few weeks there , I felt like the technology world was taunting me for my decision : I got email from Netflix saying that they were NEVER going to buy another HD - DVD again .
The consolation prize is that Apple introduced HD rentals with the AppleTV — which we also have — right as HD - DVD was dying , so I might be able to bypass Blu - Ray altogether , just out of spite .
Kottke :
Do you think Blu-ray will achieve the popularity that DVDs did or is the age of shuttling bits around on silver platters over ?
Johnson : I really hope so .
I ’ve been using the new Apple TV version for the past 48 hours , and the whole HD movie rental process is just completely painless , other than the fact that they should give you 48 hours to watch the movie once you ’ve started it .
( By the way , I do n’t think enough people have commented on that Take Two upgrade : it is basically an entirely new product , and Apple just gave away the upgrade for free — I think as an implicit acknowledgment that the first iteration was n’t fully baked .
Still , how cool . )
Kottke :
So you ’re the owner of a machine that will perform its task perfectly for many years to come but is de - facto useless because you ca n’t buy any new media for it beyond the ~400 currently available titles .
Is this becoming a more commonplace situation for consumers ?
Johnson : Yes and no .
There are more new standards proposed , and new innovations , and thus more obsolescence , but more and more of the new standards are coming in the form of software not hardware , so the transitions are n’t nearly as painful as my HD - DVD misadventure .
My AppleTV box that I bought last year would n’t let me watch HD movies or browse Flickr photos , but after twenty minutes of a software update , I can now enjoy both with ease .
I think that experience is probably going to be more commonplace than my getting burned buying into the wrong silver platter .
—
Thanks ,
Steven .
I have been away for a while .
Life happened and I lost inspiration in blogging .
But now I am back , more eager than ever to put my everyday life down into words .
Now some of you might think it was something extra ordinary that happened in my life that made me stop blogging .
But no , it was nothing drastic at all .
I took a new job that eat up much of my time , and that ’s all .
Now the job is finished and I have more time again .
And some of that time I want to spend blogging about my living Read more »
Today is an important day for network neutrality , as the FCC's Broadband Network management hearing has been discussing Comcast 's attempt to slow down BitTorrent traffic .
One of the panelists said Comcast uses " hacker techniques " to manage their network .
When we first reported that Comcast was actively disconnecting BitTorrent seeds , we never expected that it would lead to a FCC hearing , but it did .
Let ’s hope it ’s for the better .
The second half of today ’s hearing ( pdf link ) started with a number of network and technological experts telling us about the Internet , its history , and its makeup .
Of main contention was the line between acceptable , and unacceptable traffic management .
Wise things were said , and the panelists made some good points about the unfairness of the traffic management tools that Comcast uses .
There was emphasis on the TCP reset , which means that a few seconds after you connect to someone in a BitTorrent swarm , a peer reset message ( RST flag ) is sent by Comcast and the upload immediately stops .
Richard Bennett ( co-inventor of the twisted - pair system for ethernet , and its protocol , 1BASE5 ) targeted those opposed to any sort of traffic management in his opening statement saying , “ if we ca n’t control network management , we ’ll have to shut down the internet ” .
David Clark , of the MIT computer science lab , opened by saying that ISPs can either see enemies , or they can see partners , and suggesting that right now , they see the former .
He , like almost all the panelists , called the current usage of Sandvine technology ‘ troubling ’ , and said that the user should pick the Quality of Service ( QoS ) level , not an ISP .
Daniel Weitzner , Director of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Decentralized Information Group summed up bad traffic management with : “ Maybe it ’s a bit like the old adage about pornography ‘ I know it when I see it ’ .
In this case I know what Comcast is doing is in the camp of unreasonable .
These are techniques that hackers would use to deny service to any application on the web , very similar in that regard .
It might be interesting to hold a panel of security experts to talk about those kind of mechanisms , I ’m certainly not one .
But , forging data on the internet is probably outside of the realm of reasonable , and any standards body would deem it to be . ”
However , one of the most succinct criticisms of Comcast ’s actions came from Prof.
David Reed , of MIT ’s Media Lab , who suggested that any ISP that did n’t follow the standard solutions evolved over the last 30 years should not advertise themselves as an Internet provider , but instead as a company “ offering selective access to portions of the net only ” , a description many of Comcast ’s customers will probably agree with .
The FCC questioner continued the panel discussion , and pointed out that one of the problems might be that there is no actual data on how busy the network was , something that , from his point of view , would be helpful in determining whether the TCP resets are a unreasonable form of network management or not .
One of the panelists ( sorry , they all sound the same ) immediately replied to this by pointing out that congestion was not important .
He compared the TCP reset to a conversation between two people where a third party – who pretends to be one of the persons engaged in the conversation – says “ Stop , this conversation is over ” .
He added : “ I find it uncomfortable that someone in the middle is creating a message to you that appears to come from me , I have a lot of trouble with that . ”
At the beginning of the hearing FCC chairman Kevin Martin said that they were willing to step in if needed .
Let ’s hope they will .
Feel free to file a comment if you want to let the FCC know what you think of Comcast ’s haxxor skills .
A video of the hearing will be available within two days .
Stay tuned .
Update : Apparently Comcast has paid people to attend the hearing to keep concerned citizens out .
For the Love of Anna Mae After resolving a custody battle , the He family must return to China .
Feb. 7 , 2008  --
At first glance , Anna Mae
He is a typical American 9 - year - old girl .
She thinks Hannah Montana is cool ( but ca n't tell you why ) ; she skates around on retractable roller skate shoes , and at every opportunity she pulls out her Game Boy .
She likes to read , is a straight - A student and wants to be a veterinarian when she grows up .
But behind her shy smile and expressive eyes , there 's a little girl who is torn between two families , two cultures and two countries .
The centerpiece in a bitter custody battle , Anna Mae saw her world turned upside down last July when the Tennessee Supreme Court , in a stunning decision , ruled that she had to leave the family who raised her and live instead with a family she barely knew .
On Jan. 28 , 1999 , Anna Mae was born to Jack and Casey He , a young Chinese couple who had recently come to the United States so that Jack could pursue a doctorate at the University of Memphis in Tennessee .
American Dream Crushed
Several months before Anna Mae 's birth , a female student accused Jack
He of sexually assaulting her on campus .
Although later acquitted of the charges , Jack
He lost his position at the university and his student visa was revoked .
The couple 's income dropped to about $ 400 a month .
When Anna Mae was born a month premature , the Hes worried that they could not pay her medical bills .
They needed help and sought a family who could care for their daughter while they tried to resolve their financial and legal difficulties .
The Hes contacted Mid-South Christian Services , an adoption and family services agency who introduced them to Jerry and Louise Baker , a Christian , middle - class family raising children of their own in the Memphis suburbs .
The Bakers agreed to care for Anna Mae for 90 days , but when the Hes , still facing financial hardships , were n't ready to take her back , they agreed to sign a consent order awarding custody to the Bakers .
According to the Hes , it was a temporary arrangement so that Anna Mae could have health insurance .
According to the Bakers , both families had agreed that the Bakers would raise Anna Mae through adolescence .
The Hes ' weekly visits to see Anna Mae became more and more tense .
" When [ Anna Mae ] was having her second birthday , we went to visit her at [ the ] Bakers ' house , " said Jack He .
" We had agreement to take her to [ a photo ] studio for picture taking .
The Bakers refused .
The Bakers called the police to remove us .…
Ever since then we could not see our child . "
But according to the Bakers , the Hes were creating a disturbance in their home and the police simply escorted them outside .
Drawn - Out Custody Case
A month later , the Hes tried to reclaim custody of Anna Mae , hoping to send her to China to stay with relatives until they were able to care for her themselves .
" The Bakers were convinced they could offer Anna Mae a better life in Memphis .
They filed a petition to adopt her , and to terminate the Hes ' parental rights , alleging willful abandonment
It was the beginning of a battle that would last more than six years .
" We had [ the ] American dream before we came here , " Jack He said .
" We thought that America is a country of freedom , human rights , democracy .
We thought equality — everybody the same , equally treated .
In our family the American dream was broken by this story .
Crushed — American dream . "
Desperate , Casey
He often hung around the Bakers ' neighborhood , hoping to catch a glimpse of her daughter .
Sometimes she even picketed .
" She was holding a sign in front of the Bakers ' house saying , ' Mr. Baker , give me back my child , ' " Jack He said .
" Sometimes the Bakers might take Anna Mae out for a walk .
So she was trying to see . "
On Feb. 7 , 2002 , a no contact order was issued barring the Hes from having any contact -- direct or indirect -- with Anna Mae .
The case moved through the courts , and in 2004 , Tennessee Circuit Judge Robert Childers delivered a devastating blow to the Hes .
Childers ruled that the Hess had abandoned Anna Mae and that she was " in a strongly bonded , deep - seated , healthy relationship with the Baker family . "
Childers said that breaking the bond with the Bakers would cause Anna Mae substantial harm and that terminating the Hes parental rights was in her best interest .
Childers ordered that the Hes ' parental rights be terminated and gave full custody to the Bakers .
" Jerry sat down and cried , and I started jumping up and down , " said Louise Baker .
But the Hes had quite a different reaction .
" We could not believe it , " said Jack He .
" We were shocked ....
This is just the beginning of the battle ....
We are determined to fight one year , two year , three years , until justice comes . "
It took more three more years , years in which Anna Mae bonded even more closely with Bakers , and the Hes worried that they might never see their daughter again .
Finally , on Jan. 23 , 2007 , just five days before Anna Mae 's eighth birthday , the Tennessee Supreme Court issued a stunning decision .
It determined that the lower courts had erred and that Anna Mae belonged with her biological family .
" I [ will ] always remember that day , " said Jack He " I said justice prevails .
Justice prevails . "
" We were unprepared , which is foolish , but we were , " said Jerry Baker .
" We just knew that no one could ever remove this child from our home , and we were wrong . "
( CLICK HERE to read the Bakers ' letter to the Tennessee Supreme Court ) .
A Wrenching Transition
The Bakers struggled with how best to tell Anna Mae that she would have to leave her home to go live with a family she barely knew .
" The night that we told her … she crawled up in my arms , " recalled Louise Baker .
" And she said , ' Hold me like a baby , Mommy . '
And I put her in my arms and held her , and I said , ' I love you , Anna . '
She looked up at me and smiled .
She said ' I love you , too . '
And tears just started rolling down her face . "
" When the decision was made to move Anna … she was inconsolable , because she had no control , she had lost every bit of control in her life , " said Debbie Grabarkiewcz , a child advocacy specialist with A Child 's Best Interest , who has worked with Anna for the past three years .
" And that 's what these courts do to these kids ….
Anna will pay the greatest price . "
In July of 2007 , Anna Mae was reunited with her biological parents and her little brother , Andy , and sister Avita .
It was a transition that both the Hes and the Bakers found heartwrenching .
At first , Anna Mae seemed angry and withdrawn , refusing to eat , drink or sleep in her bed .
She said she was afraid her birthparents were going to poison her .
She also told the Hes that she was afraid of going to China .
" She used to think that China was a remote , foreign or weird country , " said Jack He .
But then , a turning point .
According to the Hes , Anna Mae had secretly drawn a picture of two little girls holding hands , standing in a bed of flowers .
It was a picture of Anna Mae and the Bakers ' youngest daughter , Aimee , who had been Anna Mae 's closest friend and companion for most of her life .
When the Hes found the picture , they had a talk with Anna Mae .
" We love you … .
We want to make you happy , " said Jack He .
" You want to see Aimee ?
If you miss Aimee …we encourage that .
We understand that .
So we are going to make arrangements for you to see Aimee . "
From Reunion to Separation
Aimee was invited for a visit and then sleepovers , and from that point on , say the Hes , Anna Mae began to trust them and to open up .
" [ Anna Mae ] came to me while I was eating my dinner … .
She asked me how to say ' mommy ' in Chinese and ' daddy ' in Chinese , " said Jack He .
" I said , ' In Chinese , daddy , we say , baba , baba .
Mommy is mama . '
And in a couple of days after that , she began to address us as Baba and Mama .
And I think that 's the most amazing moment . "
Jack
He realized that instead of maintaining the wall that existed for so long between his family and the Bakers , it was important to open a window so that both families could love Anna Mae and she would no longer feel torn between them .
" I think for the best interest of a child , " Jack He said .
" You know , Anna loves the Bakers .
And if I say something or do something negative about the Bakers , it means I 'm holding [ back ]
Anna .
And I do n't want to do that .
We just move on and take care of the child . "
Last month , the Hes extended an invitation to the Bakers to help them celebrate Anna Mae 's ninth birthday , even though the Hes had not celebrated a birthday with Anna Mae since she was a year old .
They asked only that the Bakers try to contain their emotions , and not to refer to themselves as mommy and daddy , but rather respect the Hes ' parental rights .
The Bakers agreed .
" What 's happened in the past is in the past , " said Jerry Baker .
" We 're very grateful to the Hes for allowing us the opportunity to start a dialogue with them . "
But even as Anna Mae was experiencing the love of both families for the first time , she was facing another dramatic change .
The Hes , who had been granted temporary permission to stay in the country until the custody hearings were completed , were facing deportation back to China .
Instead of waiting to be deported , they decided to leave the U.S. voluntarily .
For the Bakers , it was as if they were reliving a nightmare : Having just reunited with Anna , they were about to lose her again .
The Hes are planning to leave for China on Feb. 9 , and once out of the country , there 's no guarantee when , or even if , they can return .
" What we 're hoping is that … American people might step up and the Hes should be allowed to remain in the United States , " said Jerry Baker .
" They should be allowed to earn a decent living ....
Our hope is that they will be allowed to return . "
The Bakers , who once fought to have the Hes deported , are now asking the government to find a way to let them stay .
" I truly do believe that you have two mothers that love the same child , " said Jerry Baker .
" I truly do . "
So , how bad could this get ?
Until a few months ago , it was accepted wisdom that the American economy functioned far more smoothly than in the past .
Economic expansions lasted longer , and recessions were both shorter and milder .
Inflation had been tamed .
The spreading of financial risk , across institutions and around the world , had reduced the odds of a crisis .
Back in 2004 , Ben Bernanke , then a Federal Reserve governor , borrowed a phrase from an academic research paper to give these happy developments a name : “ the great moderation . ”
These days , though , the great moderation is n’t looking quite so great  or so moderate .
The recent financial turmoil has many causes , but they are tied to a basic fear that some of the economic successes of the last generation may yet turn out to be a mirage .
That helps explain why problems in the American subprime mortgage market could have spread so quickly through the world ’s financial system .
On Tuesday , Mr. Bernanke , who is now the Fed chairman , presided over the steepest one - day interest rate cut in the central bank ’s history .
The great moderation now seems to have depended  in part  on a huge speculative bubble , first in stocks and then real estate , that hid the economy ’s rough edges .
Everyone from first - time home buyers to Wall Street chief executives made bets they did not fully understand , and then spent money as if those bets could n’t go bad .
For the past 16 years , American consumers have increased their overall spending every single quarter , which is almost twice as long as any previous streak .
One of the lesser known facts about wireless products is that they all have to tested by this little organization called the FCC , who for less obvious reason takes many photos of upcoming and sometimes unannounced products and puts them up on their ( very hard to use ) website .
What we have today is a ( poorly lit ) photo of Microsoft ’s yet - to - be- announced Wireless Laser Keyboard 7000 , the keyboard compliment to the recently announced Wireless Laser Mouse 7000 .
Ironically that too was uncovered early via FCC documentations .
This particular photo along with a batch of other external photos were only released recently due to a 45 - days short - term confidentially agreement between Microsoft and the FCC in order to “ ensure sensitive business information remains confidential until the actual marketing of the device ” .
Guess Microsoft ’s falling a little behind on their marketing schedules .
What ’s unique about this keyboard is the transparent glass frame surrounding the entire keyboard – an obvious harmony with the Windows Vista user interface , Aero Glass .
Perhaps slightly inspired by Carbon Design ’s Longhorn PC concepts featuring the same glass frame around the keyboard .
In addition , it appears to be also the first keyboard on the market with a dedicated Flip 3D key ( besides the right ALT key ) .
Whether or not that makes the eye - candy feature any more useful was outside of the FCC ’s testing criteria .
And if for some reason you do n’t believe me , you only need to look as far as Microsoft ’s own website for proof .
Ca n’t wait to see the proper high - resolution marketing photos of this product in a well - lit environment , sitting on a desk inside a room furnished by IKEA and used by over - excited people representing all skin colors and genders .
Does the reality ever live up to the hype ?
Everyone knew it was coming — they just were n't entirely sure what , exactly , it would be .
The MacBook Air was rumored to have a lot of things — a black ( or silver ) aluminum case , a multitouch screen , massive trackpad , 12 - or 13 - inch screen , a solid - state hard drive , the moniker of " MacBook Thin " ( " Pro " was optional ) .
The rumors and speculation just went on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on , and on .
But when Steve Jobs took the stage and announced the MacBook Air at Macworld 2008 , Apple 's ultraslim laptop still managed to take some by surprise .
The haters sipped their hatorade while the fanboys sipped their Kool - Aid ; the other 98 percent of us were left wondering exactly how the Air fit into our suddenly expanded notebook worldview .
It 's silver aluminum ( not black ) .
It comes in 1.6GHz and 1.8GHz flavors of Intel 's Core 2 Duo , with 2GB of soldered RAM , 802.11a/b/g/n ( 802.11n is Draft 2.0 ) , Bluetooth , a 13.3 - inch LED - backlit screen , and a choice between a standard 80 GB ATA hard drive or a 64GB solid - state flash drive .
There is no optical drive , no FireWire ports , only one USB port , and a micro-DVI port .
The aluminum casing , at its smallest point , is only 0.16 inches thick — that 's half as thick as an iPod touch , and close to a third of the thickness of an iPhone .
But most importantly , it fits in a manila envelope .
Sorry , we had to Sorry , we had to
But let 's back up for a second .
We decided to take a look at this thing to see whether Apple had come up with the next iPod for the computer world , or whether it had cut too many corners in its attempt to make the slimmest , sexiest notebook ever .
And for that , we have to start at the beginning .
This review covers the 1.6GHz MacBook Air with the 4200rpm drive .
We 'll touch upon the 1.8GHz solid - state drive MacBook Air in a separate feature on February 5 .
Unboxing
This would n't be an Apple product review of if we did n't include some observations about the packaging and unboxing process ( we 'll try to make it brief ) .
As we observed on Infinite Loop , the MacBook Air 's packaging is significantly smaller than the packaging of any previous notebook from Apple — Steve Jobs said that it was reduced by 40 percent .
This is very evident the first time you lay eyes on it .
MacBook Pro , MacBook , and MacBook Air boxes MacBook Pro , MacBook , and MacBook Air boxes
The top of the box slides off like an iPhone box , and the air is nestled inside on top of its related components .
Two monitor cables that come with the Air Two monitor cables that come with the Air
The Air comes with a power cable , two monitor adapters ( unusual for an Apple notebook ) , some Air-specific CDs ( more on this later ) , and a handy wiping cloth , also like the iPhone .
I guess Apple likes making sure its users keep their glossy displays smudge - free .
We used the standard 1.6GHz , 80 GB hard drive - based model for our review since the SSD model was not available yet by publication time .
For those of you worrying about numbers , worry not — we plan to write a follow - up review of the SSD version once it become available for comparison purposes .
Tech specs
CPU 1.60 GHz Core 2 Duo Memory 2GB Video card Intel GMA X3100 , 144MB FSB 800MHz Weight 3lb Hard drive 80 GB Imaginary battery life 5 hours
Let 's examine exactly how this thing is different from Apple 's other offerings .
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft makes its public debut July 8 , 2007 , amidst employees and special guests outside the Boeing assembly plant in Everett , Washington . *
Photo : Robert Sorbo / Corbis * Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliner passenger jet may have a serious security vulnerability in its onboard computer networks that could allow passengers to access the plane 's control systems , according to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration .
The computer network in the Dreamliner 's passenger compartment , designed to give passengers in - flight internet access , is connected to the plane 's control , navigation and communication systems , an FAA report reveals .
The revelation is causing concern in security circles because the physical connection of the networks makes the plane 's control systems vulnerable to hackers .
A more secure design would physically separate the two computer networks .
Boeing said it 's aware of the issue and has designed a solution it will test shortly .
" This is serious , " said Mark Loveless , a network security analyst with Autonomic Networks , a company in stealth mode , who presented a conference talk last year on Hacking the Friendly Skies ( PowerPoint ) .
" This is n’t a desktop computer .
It 's controlling the systems that are keeping people from plunging to their deaths .
So I hope they are really thinking about how to get this right . "
Currently in the final stages of production , the 787 Dreamliner is Boeing 's new mid-sized jet , which will seat between 210 and 330 passengers , depending on configuration .
Boeing says it has taken more than 800 advance orders for the new plane , which is due to enter service in November 2008 .
But the FAA is requiring Boeing to demonstrate that it has addressed the computer - network issue before the planes begin service .
According to the FAA document published in the Federal Register ( mirrored at Cryptome.org ) , the vulnerability exists because the plane 's computer systems connect the passenger network with the flight - safety , control and navigation network .
It also connects to the airline 's business and administrative - support network , which communicates maintenance issues to ground crews .
The design " allows new kinds of passenger connectivity to previously isolated data networks connected to systems that perform functions required for the safe operation of the airplane , " says the FAA document .
" Because of this new passenger connectivity , the proposed data - network design and integration may result in security vulnerabilities from intentional or unintentional corruption of data and systems critical to the safety and maintenance of the airplane . "
The information is published in a " special conditions " document that the FAA produces when it encounters new aircraft designs and technologies that are n't addressed by existing regulations and standards .
An FAA spokesman said he would not be able to comment on the issue until next week .
Boeing spokeswoman Lori Gunter said the wording of the FAA document is misleading , and that the plane 's networks do n't completely connect .
Gunter would n't go into detail about how Boeing is tackling the issue but says it is employing a combination of solutions that involves some physical separation of the networks , known as " air gaps , " and software firewalls .
Gunter also mentioned other technical solutions , which she said are proprietary and did n't want to discuss in public .
" There are places where the networks are not touching , and there are places where they are , " she said .
Gunter added that although data can pass between the networks , " there are protections in place " to ensure that the passenger internet service does n't access the maintenance data or the navigation system " under any circumstance . "
She said the safeguards protect the critical networks from unauthorized access , but the company still needs to conduct lab and in - flight testing to ensure that they work .
This will occur in March when the first Dreamliner is ready for a test flight .
Gunter said Boeing has been working on the issue with the FAA for a number of years already and was aware that the agency was planning to publish a " special conditions " document regarding the Dreamliner .
Gunter said the FAA and Boeing have already agreed on the tests that the plane manufacturer will have to do to demonstrate that it has addressed the FAA 's security concerns .
" It will all be done before the first airplane is delivered , " she said .
Loveless said he 's glad the FAA and Boeing are addressing the issue , but without knowing specifically what Boeing is doing , it is impossible to say whether the proposed solution will work as intended .
Loveless said software firewalls offer some protection , but are not bulletproof , and he noted that the FAA has previously overlooked serious onboard - security issues .
" The fact that they are not sharing information about it is a concern , " he said .
" I 'd be happier if a credible auditing firm took a look at it . "
Special conditions are not unusual .
The FAA publishes them whenever it encounters unusual issues regarding a plane 's design or performance in order to communicate on record that it expects the manufacturer to address the issue .
It 's then up to the manufacturer to demonstrate to the FAA that it has solved the problem .
Gunter said the FAA has issued eight special conditions on the Boeing 787 , but that not all of them pertain to the plane 's computer systems .
The Helicopter : A Hundred Years of Hovering
Controversial Tilt - Rotor Aircraft Deploys to Iraq
Papers Reveal Pentagon Funding of Boeing 's Psychic Research
Why the chicken crossed the road is a question that 'll never be answered .
But the circumstances of the domesticated chicken 's ancestry should be discoverable .
And a new study suggests Charles Darwin had it wrong .
Darwin maintained that the domesticated chicken derives from the red jungle fowl .
That seems at least partly true , but new research from Uppsala University now shows that the wild origins of the chicken are more complicated .
The researchers mapped the genes that give most domesticated chickens yellow legs and found the genetic heredity derives from a closely related species , the gray jungle fowl .
The study is being published today in the Web edition of PLoS Genetics .
" Our studies show that even though most of the genes in domesticated fowls come from the red jungle fowl , at least one other species must have contributed , specifically the gray jungle fowl , " said Jonas Eriksson , a doctoral student at Uppsala University .
The gray jungle fowl was probably crossed with an early form of the domesticated chicken , Eriksson 's team figures .
The genes for yellow skin are spread among billions of domesticated chickens around the world .
Darwin's studies of domesticated animals were of key importance to his theory of evolution , and he also explained the wild origins of domesticated animals .
" What 's ironic is that Darwin thought that more than one wild species had contributed to the development of the dog , but that the chicken came from only one wild species , the red jungle fowl .
Now it turns out that it 's just the opposite way around , " says Greger Larson , a researcher at Uppsala University and Durham University in England .
When it comes to chicken legs , you are what you eat .
The more yellow carotenoids there are in the feed , the yellower the legs .
The gene that these researchers have now identified codes for an enzyme that breaks down carotenoids and releases vitamin A .
This gene is shut down in skin but fully active in other tissues in chickens with yellow legs .
The consequence is that yellow carotenoids are stored in the skin in these chickens .
This is called a regulatory mutation since the coding sequence of the gene is intact , but its regulation is modified .
" Our study is a clear example of the importance of regulatory mutations in the course of evolution , said Professor Leif Andersson , who directed the project .
" What we do n't know is why humans bred this characteristic .
Maybe chickens with bright yellow legs were seen as being healthier or more fertile than other chickens , or were we simply charmed by their distinct appearance . "
The scientists believe that the same gene may well be of significance in explaining the pink color of the flamingo , the yellow leg color of many birds of prey , and the reddish meat of the salmon .
These characteristics are all caused by carotenoids .
The gene may also influence the skin color of humans to some extent .
By NMA President , James Baxter
Electronic transponder technology , like E - ZPass , is making toll roads more palatable , but that does n’t mean toll roads are good public policy .
Toll roads are an inefficient , backwards approach to providing public highways .
Worse , they foster corruption , political patronage , and discourage needed improvements on the rest of the highway system .
Do n’t be fooled by the references to “ free - market principles , ” “ proper pricing , ” “ supply and demand , ” and “ economic incentives ” from those selling the for - profit roadways .
The truth is , any resemblance to free - market principles is more illusion than fact .
A real market - based system has willing sellers , willing buyers , and reasonably unfettered competition .
Any highway of consequence falls flat from the get - go , when it comes to market principles .
First , highway corridors are not assembled by willing buyers in competition with other willing buyers .
The state identifies the corridor it wants , establishes what it considers to be a politically and judicially acceptable price , and condemns the land of those sellers who disagree .
This is market principles at the end of a gun barrel .
Toll road advocates argue that those who use the system the most will pay the most .
Fair enough , but who determines what the buyers should pay ?
It is n’t competing sellers of similar services .
Highway users do not have viable alternatives to buy highway services from other sources .
For all practical purposes , there are no other sellers competing for the motorists ’ business and realistic alternatives do n’t exist .
Toll roads are literally a monopoly that is sanctioned and protected by the state .
Yet , the state ’s citizens and other highway users have no channel to influence toll road management and pricing decisions .
Upgrades and improvements to any highway viewed as competing with the toll road are likely to be postponed or ignored .
Unnecessary congestion , underposted speed limits and arbitrary enforcement on alternative roads are silently condoned by transportation officials and elected officials .
Think about it , toll roads ca n’t compete without the presence of congestion and motorist inconvenience on the public highway system .
Are congestion problems going to be corrected if they threaten the income of the toll road ?
Motorists found this out the hard way in Orange County , Calif. , when a clause in the model contract for the 91 Freeway Express Lanes prevented expansion of the freeway ’s regular lanes .
As a result , congestion got so bad that in April 2002 the Orange County Transportation Authority paid $ 207.5 million to buy out the toll lanes that originally cost just $ 139 million to build .
A major retardant to the expansion of toll roads , besides arbitrary tolls , has been the inconvenience of the toll - paying systems .
Little is ever mentioned of the human carnage , property damage , air pollution , and inconvenience attributable to toll - booth systems .
In exchange for removing toll - booth inconvenience , accidents , and waste , motorists are being asked to accept higher tolls and invasive surveillance technology that can monitor the movement , location , speed and operation of any vehicle on any highway or road .
While this type of surveillance will not be confined to toll roads , it is on toll roads where its use will be most easily rationalized .
Compare that to our system of fuel taxes that charge users of the highway system based on fuel consumption .
No charge cards , no electronic surveillance , no toll bureaucracy , no cameras , no roadside monitoring ( no automated enforcement ! ) , not even any toll booths !
That is , apparently , way too efficient and user friendly .
Toll road proponents are fond of referring to the “ new money ” that will flow to highway projects .
That new money comes from the same tired old wallets that pay existing highway - user fees .
The difference is the highway users will pay twice ; once in taxes and again in tolls .
There are billions of gas - tax dollars being siphoned off for non -highway purposes , or covering government deficits .
Anyone who thinks tolls will be any less likely to be usurped for non -highway purposes is not a student of history .
As for building new highways with this new money , most new toll roads are n’t going to be new roads at all .
They are going to be existing Interstates or Interstate corridors converted to toll roads — the same corridors and roads for which we have already paid .
ONCE upon a time , the only ideologically acceptable explanations of mental differences between men and women were cultural .
Any biologist who dared to suggest in public that perhaps evolution might work differently on the sexes , and that this might perhaps result in some underlying neurological inequalities , was likely to get tarred and feathered .
Today , by contrast , biology tends to be an explanation of first resort in matters sexual .
So it is salutary to come across an experiment which shows that a newly discovered difference which fits easily , at first sight , into the biological - determinism camp , actually does not belong there at all .
Writing in Psychological Science , a team led by Ian Spence of the University of Toronto describes a test performed on people 's ability to spot unusual objects that appear in their field of vision .
Success at spatial tasks like this often differs between the sexes ( men are better at remembering and locating general landmarks ; women are better at remembering and locating food ) , so the researchers were not surprised to discover a discrepancy between the two .
The test asked people to identify an “ odd man out ” object in a briefly displayed field of two dozen otherwise identical objects .
Men had a 68 % success rate .
Women had a 55 % success rate .
Had they left it at that , Dr Spence and his colleagues might have concluded that they had uncovered yet another evolved difference between the sexes , come up with a “ Just So ” story to explain it in terms of division of labour on the African savannah , and moved on .
However , they did not leave it at that .
Instead , they asked some of their volunteers to spend ten hours playing an action - packed , shoot - 'em - up video game , called “ Medal of Honour : Pacific Assault ” .
As a control , other volunteers were asked to play a decidedly non-action - packed puzzle game , called “ Ballance ” , for a similar time .
Both sets were then asked to do the odd - man - out test again .
Among the Ballancers , there was no change in the ability to pick out the unusual .
Among those who had played “ Medal of Honour ” , both sexes improved their performances .
That is not surprising , given the different natures of the games .
However , the improvement in the women was greater than the improvement in the men — so much so that there was no longer a significant difference between the two .
Moreover , that absence of difference was long - lived .
When the volunteers were tested again after five months , both the improvement and the lack of difference between the sexes remained .
Though it is too early to be sure , it looks likely that the change in spatial acuity — and the abolition of any sex difference in that acuity — induced by playing “ Medal of Honour ” is permanent .
That has several implications .
One is that playing violent computer games can have beneficial effects .
Another is that the games might provide a way of rapidly improving spatial ability in people such as drivers and soldiers .
And a third is that although genes are important , upbringing matters , too .
In this instance , exactly which bit of upbringing remains unclear .
Perhaps it has to do with the different games that boys and girls play .
But without further research , that suggestion is as much of a “ Just So ” story as those tales from the savannah .
One day after issuing a private warning to the Tennessee Republican Party over their use of Barack Obama 's middle name in a press release , the RNC this morning went public with their complaint .
“ The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , " said national party chairman Mike Duncan in a statement sent unsolicited to Politico .
" We believe this election needs to be about the critical issues confronting our nation . ”
As reported here last night , an RNC official yesterday called down to Nashville to put them on warning that if they used " Hussein " again they would be publicly repudiated by the national party .
But in a reflection of the danger the issue poses for their likely nominee , the national party decided this morning to move more swiftly about expressing their unhappiness .
comments closed
permalink
FROM ONE OF MY FAVORITE SPAMMERS :
( You know the nice people — usually friends or relatives — that forward along the jokes , “ news ” , and chain letters . )
Here in NJ , this is ESPECIALLY true .
This past October , when Simon Glik used his cell phone to record Boston police officers making what he thought was an overly forceful arrest on Tremont Street , he did n’t think he would be the one who ended up in the back of a police cruiser .
But cops saw Glik using his cell phone ’s camera with its sound - recording feature , so they arrested him for breaking the Massachusetts law that prohibits secret electronic recording , deemed “ wiretapping . ”
Was he wiretapping , though ?
In Massachusetts , a “ two - party consent ” state since the 1960s , if one participant in a conversation wants to record it , he or she needs to notify the other .
Courts have interpreted this state ’s law to prohibit secretly recording not only one ’s own phone conversation , but even a face - to - face encounter .
( Other states , like New York , are “ one - party consent ” jurisdictions , where only the taper , or a third party to whom the taper has given permission , needs to know the conversation is being recorded . )
Glik , a 31 - year - old lawyer , suspected that the cops who arrested him wanted more to protect themselves from a possible misconduct complaint than to enforce the state ’s privacy laws .
After all , he was n’t the first to be arrested for recording on - duty officers .
And as long as the law stays on the books , he ’s unlikely to be the last busted for performing a civic duty .
Those who have tried to document police officers ’ abusive speech and conduct in Massachusetts , New Hampshire , and Pennsylvania have been arrested and convicted under those states ’ wiretapping laws .
And in 2006 , the Phoenix profiled citizen activist Jeffrey Manzelli , who was convicted three years earlier of surreptitiously recording an MBTA police officer at an anti-war rally .
But how can a law meant to protect citizens ’ privacy be turned against a civic - minded passer - by who documented an official police operation — an arrest — on a public street ?
For that explanation , we must go back to the controversial 2001 Commonwealth v.
Hyde ruling , in which Massachusetts ’s highest court stated that the wiretap law was “ intended . . . to prohibit all secret recordings by members of the public , including recordings of police officers or other public officials interacting with members of the public , when made without their permission or knowledge . ”
The defendant in that case , Michael Hyde , a long - haired musician who drove a Porsche , was harassed by the police in 1998 after they erroneously suspected that Hyde had drugs in his car .
Having secretly recorded the abusive traffic stop , Hyde later went down to the police station to submit the tape as evidence for his police - misconduct complaint .
Instead , he was arrested for wiretapping .
It ’s no secret
Like many cell phones , Glik ’s could record both audio and video , and he held it out in the open , where the recording was not at all secret .
Still , his arresting officers relied on the wiretapping statute as the basis for arresting him .
As icing on the cake , they piled on charges of disturbing the peace ( for taping the scene ) and aiding the alleged near - escape of a prisoner ( the taping supposedly distracted the police , creating the risk the arrestee would run away , which he did not ) .
Glik appeared in Boston Municipal Court with his lawyer , June Jensen of Wayland , this past month to ask the judge to dismiss the Commonwealth ’s charges against him .
Neither the criminal complaint nor the police report on their face stated facts to demonstrate that what Glik did was prohibited by the laws under which he was charged , they said .
Several days later , Judge Mark Summerville dismissed the charges , agreeing with Glik that non-secret recordings were lawful .
The Hyde decision specifically said that the defendant would not have been convicted had “ he held the tape recorder in plain sight , ” Summerville noted .
He also wrote in his scholarly opinion that “ distract[ing ] ” police officers is not the same as disturbing the peace .
( The Commonwealth had previously dropped the charge of aiding the escape of a prisoner because the suspect whose arrest Glik recorded did n’t meet the definition of “ prisoner . ” )
Summerville ’s decision is good news for Glik , who had , ironically , been seeking a job as a prosecutor , but who has had difficulty getting hired — despite graduating at the top of the New England School of Law class of 2006 — because of the outstanding criminal charges .
Even so , neither the Hyde opinion nor Summerville ’s decision is likely to stop police in the future from arresting citizens who record their misconduct .
The explicit statement in Hyde , that the law prohibits only secret recordings , creates a perverse incentive for cops to exaggerate or lie about whether a citizen was surreptitiously recording them in order to obtain a conviction in future cases .
The small size of cell - phone cameras makes it easy for a cop to claim that at least part of the recording was done before the police noticed .
And if it comes down to an officer ’s word against the citizen ’s , who do you think wins ?
Charles again refers to a straw man so as not to sound too much like , well , " shrill hysterics " like yours truly :
Imposing religion means the mandating of religious practice .
It does not mean the mandating of social policy that some people may have come to support for religious reasons .
But there is a critical distinction here that Charles elides .
It may well be that support for a piece of social policy emerges from religious reasons .
But in a secular society , it is vital that when making the argument for your position in public , you do not deploy arguments that depend on or invoke religiously - revealed truths .
The essential civic discipline in a pluralist democracy is to translate your religious convictions into moral arguments - arguments that can persuade and engage people of all faiths or none .
Only a few secularist extremists are saying that people 's politics should not be informed in any way by religious faith ( an impossibility in any case ) ; most of us anti-Christianists are saying rather that political arguments should not be made on explicitly religious grounds , and political parties should not be allying themselves explicitly with one religion or another .
Let me confess something here .
When I examine my conscience , I realize , in fact , that my absolute opposition to the torture of other human beings is , at its root , a religious conviction .
It springs from my Catholic faith , which , despite the best efforts of the Catholic hierarchy , endures .
The inherent dignity of all human beings is something I believe is a reflection of God 's will through the revelation of Jesus Christ .
In the end , that is where I stand .
But you will notice that my arguments on this matter have very , very rarely depended on my resort to this religious argument .
Because I am not addressing fellow members of my church , but others in America , those who are people of faith , and those who are not .
So my arguments have been historical , legal , constitutional , moral , strategic , utilitarian .
And they have been arguments - about American history , Western civilization , and winning a war .
They have not been religious arguments .
And I certainly do n't believe that opposition to torture depends on a religious base .
Many , many atheists and agnostics have been heroes in the long history of outlawing torture .
The two most influential on me , over the years , have been Camus and Orwell , two atheists whose sense of morality outshines that of many Christians .
This , to me , is the critical distinction between a Christianist and a mere Christian .
One wants to infuse politics with religion ; the other wants to respect both , separately , and to keep religion private .
I should add I do not want to banish the word " God " from the public square .
But I do want that invocation to be as thin and as empty and as formal as the Founders intended .
The current Republican party has reinvented itself as a force on opposite grounds .
The party of Huckabee and Romney , the party of Hewitt and Dobson , the party of Ponnuru and Neuhaus is emphatically not a secular party .
And that is why part of me , I confess , wants Huckabee to win .
So he can lose .
So the GOP can lose - as spectacularly and humiliatingly as possible .
If we are to rid conservatism of this theocratic cancer , we need to start over .
Maybe it has to get worse before it can get better .
But it is certainly too late for fellow - traveling Christianists like Lowry and Krauthammer to start whining now .
This is their party .
And they asked for every last bit of it .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
From The Globe …
Hillary Clinton will take the Democratic nomination even if she does not win the popular vote , but persuades enough superdelegates to vote for her at the convention , her campaign advisers say .
The New York senator , who lost three primaries Tuesday night , now lags slightly behind her rival , Illinois Senator Barack Obama , in the delegate count .
She is even further behind in “ pledged ” delegates , those assigned by virtue of primaries and caucuses .
But Clinton will not concede the race to Obama if he wins a greater number of pledged delegates by the end of the primary season , and will count on the 796 elected officials and party bigwigs to put her over the top , if necessary , said Clinton ’s communications director , Howard Wolfson .
“ I want to be clear about the fact that neither campaign is in a position to win this nomination without the support of the votes of the superdelegates , ” Wolfson told reporters in a conference call .
“ We do n’t make distinctions between delegates chosen by million of voters in a primary and those chosen between tens of thousands in caucuses , ” Wolfson said .
“ And we do n’t make distinctions when it comes to elected officials ” who vote as superdelegates at the convention .
“ We are interested in acquiring delegates , period , ” he added .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
another classic
Hancock for the 21st century
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 11:36 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 11:36 , Reply
Why are n't you on TV yet ?
These really are brilliant .
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 11:39 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 11:39 , Reply
^this
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:36 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:36 , Reply
^ Seconded
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:43 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:43 , Reply
thirded
an hour please , channel four on a friday night .
Actually , you should email Charlie Brooker - he'd love you
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:48 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:48 , Reply
There 's that new programme on C4 on friday
" Rude Tube " that would be brilliant if it featured stuff of this callibere .
Alas , it 's going to be complete shit though , and all of us will watch it and say " GlassCock , GlassCock , GlassCock , GlassCock ... "
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 13:11 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 13:11 , Reply
that 's exactly what i thought !
' Bindun , GC , GC , Pea Roast '
plus ... it has that nipple in human form presenting it :-(
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:06 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:06 , Reply
Alex Zane ?
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:30 , Reply
arf !
yup - that 's the badger .
Annoying as he is there 's another two now that do channel four ' for da kidz ' on a morning who made me want to pull my ears off ( the bloke is Sick Grimshaw or summat - he 's boinking Peaches / Pixie Geldof ) .
They film near me too - might have to go round with a load of angry bees and unleash them
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:34 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:34 , Reply
Ooooooh !
Do n't watch it !
T4 is for controlling the yooof !
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:52 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:52 , Reply
I have
a weird hang - up about promoting my own work .
And I imagine that anybody in the public eye gets spammed big time by web animators begging for attention , so people like Brooker probably have an ignore - and - delete policy .
I already get a lot of mail from people on YouTube asking me to promote their channels , so it must be a Brazilian times worse for the Genuinely Famous .
That said , I am working on scripts for 25 - minute episodes ( with supporting characters and varied camera angles , natch ) , so we 'll see what happens ...
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:07 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:07 , Reply
oooh !
excellent
i always look forward to new Grey Blokes :-)
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:35 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:35 , Reply
The full episodes sound class .
When you branch out with background story etc with Grey Bloke it teases a bit , you want to know more .
And some b3tans on here are active in the media industry , four off the top of my head at least .
Keep up the good work :)
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:37 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:37 , Reply
Haha ! Ace :)
As per .
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:12 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:12 , Reply
I always look forward to the new grey bloke .
Ace work as always !
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:36 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 12:36 , Reply
Utter Genius
Want more ..
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 13:36 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 13:36 , Reply
These really are quality .
.
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:33 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:33 , Reply
no sound :(
will save and watch later . :)
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:43 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 14:43 , Reply
What program do you use to animate this ?
It looks slightly unflashy
( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 16:23 , ( , Wed 13 Feb 2008 , 16:23 , Reply
It 's drawn in Flash
but the lip sync is done in Magpie and After Effects .
( , Thu 14 Feb 2008 , 16:59 , ( , Thu 14 Feb 2008 , 16:59 , Reply
Oh my .
That 's awfully brilliant !
( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:37 , ( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:37 , Reply
There 's a certain phallic
element for the heels on highheeled shoes .
Perhaps that 's why women like them so .
( This is from Mrs Nobody , not me )
( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:43 , ( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:43 , Reply
Hahahahaha
As a woman I can confirm that grey bloke is spot on :)
You really are good at this and I agree with the comments above .
You should be on the telly .
( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:59 , ( , Fri 15 Feb 2008 , 16:59 , Reply
Anyone who has a picture of
a duck on his wall gets my click !
( , Sat 16 Feb 2008 , 21:55 , ( , Sat 16 Feb 2008 , 21:55 , Reply
For example , when Saudi said that they were having trouble finding buyers for their crude in the spring of 2006 , I wo n't simply look at the price and dismiss those comments as lies .
I do a bit of digging .
And when I uncovered that OECD crude inventories were high and rising at the time , that Iran said essentially the same thing at the same time , that any of Saudi 's customers could pick up the phone and offer to purchase more crude , yet nobody came out and suggested that they had been unable to secure Saudi crude , then I concluded that those comments were consistent with the evidence available to us .
( The final point is significant , because as soon as Saudi started putting Asian refiners on allocation later in the year , a number of Asian refiners leaked that news to the press .
Certainly the same would have been true had Saudi falsely announced that they had crude but no buyers ) .
My impression is that we spend a lot of time trying to interpret comments or actions from Saudi Arabia , without attempting to understand the issues from their perspective .
I think it is a useful exercise to ask whether their specific actions or comments make sense ; 1 ) .
From the Saudi perspective , and 2 ) .
In the context of the market .
I have debated this issue multiple times , for example here , and I do n't intend to do so again .
But the issue still comes up on a regular basis - and often in a derisive manner - and I wanted to share the thought process I went through .
( Of course I would add that when they started increasing prices later in 2006 , the argument that there were no buyers was obviously no longer true ) .
Along the same theme , I frequently consider how I would manage Saudi 's reserves if I was in the position to do so .
I think those who feel Saudi should be pumping all the oil they can at these prices have n't really thought it through from their perspective .
So , let 's go through that thought experiment , keeping in mind :
1 ) . The primary allegiance is to Saudi Arabia .
2 ) . This depleting resource must serve future generations .
3 ) . OPEC must be on board with the decisions .
My primary objective would be to extract the most money I could from the rest of the world , but not so much as to cause a worldwide recession that would destroy demand .
So , how would I achieve this ?
Very cautiously .
Each time oil prices moved into new territory , I would seek to stabilize the price for a while so I could judge the impact on the world economy .
As long as the world economy could cope with the price , I would continue to let it creep higher .
How would I push the price go higher ?
By restricting supply .
How would I soothe the markets ?
By adding incremental supply back a little at a time .
What would I do if prices spiked high in a short span of time ?
Well , I would first wait a bit to make sure the price rise was sustained .
After all , I can't react every week to price fluctuations .
But if the price rise was sustained – and I had the oil available – I would go ahead and increase production to stop the rise .
That would give me a chance to evaluate how the world economy had adjusted to the new price levels .
This is what I would do if I did have the oil .
I would have no incentive for ramping production back up quickly and risking a price crash - regardless of the price of oil .
My moves would be deliberate and conservative .
After all , Saudi is reaping an incredible windfall at current oil prices .
But greed is human nature .
If I determined that the world can live with $ 90 oil , I would want to see if the world could stand oil at $ 120 .
Wash , rinse , repeat , until I saw the world economy dramatically slowing .
That 's where I would back off price by trickling in production .
On the other hand , if I was really out of capacity , and my reserves were truly overstated , my behavior would be somewhat different .
First , I still do n't want to panic the world and cause a super - price spike that quickly causes a recession .
So , I would engage in a series of delaying tactics .
I would want to maintain the status quo as long as possible , because when the truth comes out I will enjoy a brief windfall as prices spike much higher , likely followed by a worldwide recession and potentially the end of the world as we know it .
To stall , I would point to other factors as the reason for the price rise ( fear , speculation , the weather , etc . )
I might make token increases in production in an attempt to placate the market , but I would mostly look for other scapegoats .
But the jig would be up when world oil inventories started getting pulled down into uncomfortably - low territory , prices were spiking , and I did n't respond with more supply .
At that point , the cat is out of the bag .
Well , I suppose I might have one more card to play , and that is OPEC .
I could let news leak out that Saudi wanted a production increase , but the rest of OPEC outvoted us .
After all , Venezuela , Nigeria , and Iran are all on record as saying $ 100 oil is where they like it .
So that could then be my final stalling tactic , but stalling tactics that do n't involve putting more oil on the market wo n't stop the steady price climb .
So , how then do I read Saudi 's actions ?
First , I recognize that they wo n't necessarily behave as I would .
But that 's all I have to go with .
In that case , there are elements of both possibilities in their actions .
Saudi was reportedly the driving force behind the recently announced 500,000 bpd increase .
The increase was n't huge , but this is exactly how I would play it even if I had the reserves and spare capacity , but was trying to avoid crashing prices .
( Although if I did n't have spare capacity , I would not have offered to shoulder the bulk of the increase as they reportedly did ) .
But it also looks like they are engaging in a series of delaying tactics .
They could act on prices at this weekend 's meeting , but they have already announced that they wo n't discuss it until their December meeting .
They blame speculators , and say there is nothing they can do about prices because the rise is n't being driven by fundamentals .
First , speculators are a part of the reason for the price rise .
They are n't the whole reason , but those who say they have nothing to do with it are also wrong .
But Saudi can't be serious when they say they can't do anything about price spikes due to speculation .
If they wanted to crush the speculation , it would be easy .
If you have 2 million barrels of spare capacity , show the world .
Push production up to 10 million bpd for a while .
The price would come crashing down , which would be contrary in the short term to maximizing your revenues , but you would have eliminated the speculation .
After all , there would be no more doubt :
You can do what you say you can do .
We are certainly very close , IMO , to the truth .
While IEA demand projections have been revised downward due to the high prices , they still show a need for more crude than is currently being pumped .
Looking forward , inventories are still projected to fall , albeit not as fast as previously projected .
But I will note that projections all year long have been for OECD inventories to crash in the near future , and those projections have been mostly incorrect .
Inventories have been pulled down recently , but the dire scenarios we heard about all year long were projections for where inventories would be in the future .
( See the EIA 's projection for OECD stocks on Page 17 here , and then look at the IEA 's Oil Market Report to see that what transpired was contrary to those EIA projections ) .
Those are my thoughts on Saudi production management , and I try to interpret their actions from that perspective .
So , how would you manage Saudi production ; 1 ) .
If you were sitting on top of a 100 - year crude reserve ; and 2 ) .
If you were truly tapped out ?
Contact
Paul Beeber , Esq .
www.orgsites.com/ny/nyscof
www.FluorideAction.Net
tinyurl.com/6kqtu
516-433-8882
nyscof@aol.com
" Some recent studies suggest that over - consumption of fluoride can raise the risks of disorders affecting teeth , bones , the brain and the thyroid gland , " reports Scientific American editors ( January 2008 ) .
" Scientific attitudes toward fluoridation may be starting to shift , " writes author Dan Fagin. , " says lawyer Paul Beeber , President , New York State Coalition Opposed to Fluoridation .
Fagin , award - wining environmental reporter and Director of New YorkUniversity 's Science , Health and Environmental Reporting Program , writes , " There is no universally accepted optimal level for daily intake of fluoride .
" Some researchers even wonder whether the 1 mg / L added into drinking water is too much , reports Fagin .
After 3 years of scrutinizing hundreds of studies , a National Research Council ( NRC ) committee " concluded that fluoride can subtly alter endocrine function , especially in the thyroid -- the gland that produces hormones regulating growth and metabolism , " reports Fagin .
Fagin quotes John Doull , professor emeritus of pharmacology and toxicology at the University of Kansas Medical Center , who chaired the NRC committee thusly , " The thyroid changes do worry me .
" Fluoride in foods , beverages , medicines and dental products can result influoride over - consumption , visible in young children as dental fluorosis -- white spotted , yellow , brown and / or pitted teeth .
We can't normally seefluoride 's effects to the rest of the body .
" ( E ) pidemiological studies and tests on lab animalswrites Fagin .
Fagin interviewed Steven Levy , director of the Iowa Fluoride Study whichtracked about 700 Iowa children for sixteen years .
Nine - year - old " Iowachildren who lived in communities where the water was fluoridated were 50 percent more likely to have mild fluorosis ... than [ nine - year - old ] childrenliving in nonfluoridated areas of the state , " writes Fagin .
Levy will studyfluoride 's effects on their bones .
Over 1200 professionals urge Congress to cease water fluoridation and conduct Congressional hearings because scientific evidence indicates fluoridation is ineffective and has serious health risks .
Support them ; write your representative here SOURCE NYS Coalition Opposed to Fluoridation
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
One of seven men accused of conspiring to blow up Chicago 's Sears Tower was acquitted Thursday , and a federal jury in Miami failed to reach a verdict on six others arrested in the alleged terror plot .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office announced that the six whose cases ended in mistrials would be retried starting on January 7 .
Lyglenson Lemorin , who also goes by the name Brother Levi , was acquitted in the " Liberty City 7 " trial , U.S. District Judge Joan Leonard 's office told CNN .
The men were arrested in June 2006 and charged with a homegrown terror plot that officials said may have targeted not only the 110 - story Chicago tower -- the tallest building in North America -- but also the FBI 's Miami offices and other sites .
At the time , sources told CNN that the suspects were dealing with a man they believed was an al Qaeda operative but who was actually a government informant .
Senior federal sources told CNN that the men were " not related to al Qaeda " but " possibly " were al Qaeda wannabes .
Five of the seven men were Americans , one was an illegal alien from Haiti whose visa had expired , and the seventh was a resident alien , federal sources said .
The group 's supporters and the news media adopted the " Liberty City 7 " name because authorities said the men operated out of a warehouse in Miami's Liberty City area .
A man who identified himself as Brother Corey told CNN at the time that five of the men arrested in Miami were his " brothers , " members of a group he identified as Seas of David .
Brother Corey said the group had " soldiers in Chicago , " but was peaceful and not associated with any terrorist organizations .
The warehouse where the raids took place , he said , " is a place where we worship and also have businesses , as a work site , as a construction company we are trying to build up . "
He said Seas of David is a religious group that blends the teachings of Christianity and Islam .
E-mail to a friend
All About Terrorism • Trials
I have posted previously on low - cost , consumer - friendly , market - driven , walk - in retail health care clinics in retail stores like Walgreens , CVS and Wal - Mart , see
here ,
here ,
here
and
here
.
In today 's WSJ , there is an excellent article by the CEO of RediClinic , one of the nation 's largest convenient care providers ( mostly in Wal - Marts ) , "
Health Care When You Want It
, " here are some highlights :
1 . There are about 400 such clinics today and could be several thousand more in the next few years .
2. Convenient care clinics are small health - care facilities with new brand names like RediClinic , MinuteClinic , and Take Care Health Clinics .
Most are located in high - traffic retail outlets with pharmacies , such as Wal - Mart , CVS and Walgreen stores .
3. Convenient care clinics have been embraced by consumers , who give them consistently high marks for patient satisfaction : 97 % of the more than 4,000 RediClinic patients surveyed this year said they would recommend RediClinic to their relatives and friends .
This is because the clinics are delivering something that is all too rare in our system -- convenient and affordable health care .
4 . The quality of care at convenient care clinics stems from their use of nationally certified nurse practitioners , who are registered nurses with master 's degrees or comparable advanced training .
Research over the past 30 years has consistently shown that the primary care provided by nurse practitioners is comparable in quality to that provided by physicians , though nurse practitioners are still required to collaborate with local physicians in most states .
5 . Treatment for most common ailments ranges from $ 40 to $ 70 and preventive services start as low as $ 15 , significantly less than what most physicians , urgent care clinics or emergency rooms charge .
Indeed , research shows that as many as 50 % of the people who seek care at overburdened emergency rooms could be treated much less expensively in convenient care clinics .
Prices are prominently displayed so patients know what they will pay before they are treated , and visits are covered by a growing number of insurance plans , including Medicare .
6 . As would be expected , their growth is being threatened by burdensome regulations in some states and opposition from some corners of high - priced organized medicine ( MDs , AMA , etc ) .
Instead of opposing convenient care , physicians should be working collaboratively with operators -- as many physicians are today -- to fill the critical need that all Americans share for easier access to high - quality , affordable health care .
For decades , the theory that lowering cholesterol is always beneficial has been a core principle of cardiology .
It has been accepted by doctors and used by drug makers to win quick approval for new medicines to reduce cholesterol .
But now some prominent cardiologists say the results of two recent clinical trials have raised serious questions about that theory  and the value of two widely used cholesterol - lowering medicines , Zetia and its sister drug , Vytorin .
Other new cholesterol - fighting drugs , including one that Merck hopes to begin selling this year , may also require closer scrutiny , they say .
“ The idea that you ’re just going to lower LDL and people are going to get better , that ’s too simplistic , much too simplistic , ” said Dr. Eric J. Topol , a cardiologist and director of the Scripps Translational Science Institute in La Jolla , Calif .
LDL , or low - density lipoprotein , is the so - called bad cholesterol , in contrast to high - density lipoprotein , or HDL .
For patients and drug companies , the stakes are enormous .
Led by best sellers like Lipitor from Pfizer , cholesterol - lowering medicines , taken by tens of millions of patients daily , are the largest drug category worldwide , with annual sales of $ 40 billion .
Update ( 02-03-2008 ) : As of Vlad 1.2.0 , this module is included .
You will have native Git support .
So you want to use Vlad the Deployer to deploy your apps .
You ’ve found its simplicity elegant .
You ’ve seen the light when it comes to distributed vs. centralized version control systems and decided distributed is the only way to go .
You ’ve sat down to write your deployment recipe , only to find , to your horror …
… only Subversion and Perforce are supported .
No longer .
I present to you a Git module .
Just a sidenote , in light of accuracy , Mercurial support is in the development version , and darcs support is in a patch on RubyForge .
Now , with this module I also provide a small patch to lib / vlad/core.rb .
At the time of this writing , Vlad 1.1.0 is the latest version and does not have all that is needed to support the pile of awesome that Git provides .
Specifically , it hard codes “ head ” as the revision in every checkout .
That ’s no good with Git , because we may want to deploy a branch , tag , or arbitrary SHA1 commit ID .
Enough of that , let ’s have some fun .
Install the module and my patch to core.rb like so : 1 2 3 cd $ GEMPATH / vlad-1.1.0 wget http://scie.nti.st/dist/git-vlad.diff patch -p1 < git-vlad.diff
Replace $ GEMPATH with the real path to your Gems .
Now , in your Rakefile , you will want the couple lines that refer to Vlad to look like this : 1 2 require ' vlad ' Vlad.load :scm => : git
I ca n’t seem to override the scm in config / deploy.rb , even though Vlad implies you can do so .
Perhaps a bug , no matter .
Here ’s a simple 3 - line deploy file ( config / deploy.rb ) : 1 2 3 set : domain , " myhost.com " set : deploy_to , " / var/www / " set : repository , " dev1.myhost.com:/var/git/repo.git "
Now you can proceed to deploy as usual ( rake vlad : update && rake vlad : migrate && rake vlad : start ) .
There is another variable you can put in config / deploy.rb which is called “ revision ” .
Here are a few examples : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 # Deploy the latest code , this the default set : revision , " HEAD " # Deploy branch " origin/my_branch " set : revision , " origin/my_branch " # Deploy tag " 1.0 " set : revision , " 1.0 "
That ’s about all there is to it .
Questions , comments , bugs , mistakes , praises , boos ?
Please leave a comment .
Researchers at MIT 's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory have corrected key symptoms of mental retardation and autism in mice .
They have significantly alleviated a wide range of abnormalities due to fragile X syndrome by altering only a single gene , countering the effects of the fragile X mutation .
The work also indicates that a certain class of drugs could have the same effect .
These drugs are not yet approved by the FDA , but will soon be entering into human clinical trials .
There is currently no treatment or therapy for fragile X syndrome , whose symptoms include mental retardation , epilepsy , and abnormal body growth .
Fragile X syndrome ( FXS ) , affecting 100,000 Americans , is the most common inherited cause of mental retardation and autism .
The MIT researchers corrected FXS in mice modeling the disease .
" These findings have major therapeutic implications for fragile X syndrome and autism , " said study lead author Mark F. Bear , director of the Picower Institute and Picower Professor of Neuroscience at MIT .
The findings support the theory that many of FXS 's psychiatric and neurological symptoms - learning disabilities , autistic behavior , childhood epilepsy - stem from too much activation of one of the brain 's chief network managers - the metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR5 .
" Fragile X is a disorder of excess - excess synaptic connectivity , protein synthesis , memory extinction , body growth , excitability - and remarkably , all these excesses can be reduced by reducing m GluR5 , " said Bear , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
Individuals with FXS have mutations in the X chromosome 's FMR1 gene , which encodes the fragile X mental retardation protein , FMRP .
The MIT study found that FMRP and mGluR5 are at opposite ends of a kind of molecular seesaw .
They keep each other in check , and without FMRP , mGluR5 signals run rampant .
Bear and colleagues study how genes and environment interact to refine connections in the brain .
Synapses are the brain 's connectors and their modifications are the basis for all learning and memory .
There 's a growing consensus among researchers that developmental brain disorders such as FXS , autism and schizophrenia should be considered " synapsopathies " - diseases of synaptic development and plasticity ( the ability to change in response to experience ) .
advertisement
Dendritic spines -- little nubs on neurons ' branchlike projections - receive many of the synaptic inputs from other neurons .
Abnormal spines have long been associated with various forms of human mental retardation .
In FXS , spines are more numerous , longer and more spindly than they should be .
Thin spines tend to form weak connections .
The research team found that a 50 percent reduction in mGluR5 fixed multiple defects in the fragile X mice .
In addition to correcting dendritic spines , reduced mGluR5 improved altered brain development and memory , restored normal body growth , and reduced seizures - many of the symptoms experienced by humans with FXS .
The researchers used genetic engineering to reduce mGluR5 , but the same thing could be accomplished by a drug .
Although not yet approved by the FDA , mGluR5 blockers are entering into human clinical trials .
" Insights gained by this study suggest novel therapeutic approaches , not only for fragile X but also for autism and mental retardation of unknown origin , " Bear said .
Earlier this year , MIT Picower Institute researcher Susumu Tonegawa and colleagues reported positive results using a different approach to reversing FXS symptoms .
Tonegawa and colleagues identified a key enzyme called p21 - activated kinase , or PAK , that affects the number , size and shape of connections between neurons .
This research is scheduled to be published in the Dec. 20 issue of Neuron .
In addition to Bear , authors include Brown University graduate student Gul Dolen ; Picower Institute postdoctoral fellow Emily Osterweil , B.S. Shankaranarayana Rao of the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuroscience in India ; MIT graduate students Gordon B. Smith and Benjamin D. Auerbach ; and Sumantra Chattarji of the National Center for Biological Sciences and Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in India .
This work is supported by the National Institute of Mental Health ; the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ; the National Fragile X Foundation ; FRAXA , a Fragile X research foundation ; and the Simons Foundation .
The grainy clip , lasting five minutes and 20 seconds without sound or narration , showed a man speaking into a handheld radio , with three US ships in the distance .
The footage appeared to be shot from a small vessel operating at least 100 metres away from the American warships .
Contrary to the American 's version of events , however , the video did not show any Iranian boats approaching or provoking the US fleet .
Yesterday , the Pentagon released its own video of the incident , which showed Iranian boats swarming around three US warships in the Strait of Hormuz .
Audio revealed how one man , believed to be commanding the Iranian boats , had threatened the warships , saying : " I am coming to you .
...
You will explode after ... minutes . "
Despite this , Iranian state - run channel Press TV later said officials from the Revolutionary Guard had claimed the US footage had been doctored .
" The footage released by the US Navy was compiled using file pictures and the audio has been fabricated , " a source said .
Press TV did not give the name of the Revolutionary Guard spokesman , or offer any evidence that the footage had been altered .
Since the incident , which occurred in a crucial international oil shipping route , the US has condemned the Iranian standoff as a " provocative act " .
President Bush 's national security adviser , Stephen Hadley , said it was " not a smart thing to do , and they [ the Iranians ] are going to have to take responsibility for the consequences , if they do it again " .
In the US version of the incident , a four - minute , 20 - second video showed the Iranian boats appearing to ignore repeated warnings from US warships .
One crew member on the bridge of the destroyer USS Hopper is heard addressing the Iranian 's over the radio saying : " This is coalition warship .
I am engaged in transit passage in accordance with international law .
Intend no harm . "
Iran 's version of the encounter , however , included no such audio .
It also did not appear to show the entire standoff , which Washington officials have said lasted about 20 minutes .
Yesterday , Iran 's defence minister , Mostafa Mohammad Najjar , called western news reports , suggesting Iranian boats had threatened to blow up the US warships as " mischief " .
" [ Iranian ]
Navy units ... asked them to identify themselves .
They responded accordingly and continued their path , " the official IRNA news agency quoted Najjar as saying .
He also reiterated previous comments made by Iran 's foreign ministry , downplaying the incident by calling it something that occurred regularly .
The incident , which ended without any shots fired , has heightened US Iranian tensions as President George W Bush continues his Middle East tour today .
File this one under “ Good Uses of Journalistic Resources ” :
The Associated Press marshaled its fact - checking talents and expertise to dissect President Bush ’s speech on Thursday , issuing corrections to some of Bush ’s claims in this handy point - by - point analysis .
h/t to Truthdig commenter “ Jimmy . ”
AP via Editor & Publisher :
BUSH SAID :
“ Anbar province is a good example of how our strategy is working , ” Bush said , noting that just last year U.S. intelligence analysts had written off the Sunni area as “ lost to al - Qaida . ”
FACT CHECK :
Early Thursday , the most prominent figure in a U.S. - backed revolt of Sunni sheiks against al - Qaida in Iraq was killed by a bomb planted near his home .
The killing of a chief Anbar ally hours before Bush spoke showed the tenuous and changeable nature of success in Anbar and Iraq at large .
Read more
Neal Krawetz , a researcher and computer security consultant , gave an interesting presentation today at the BlackHat security conference in Las Vegas about analyzing digital photographs and video images for alterations and enhancements .
Using a program he wrote ( and provided on the conference CD - ROM ) Krawetz could print out the quantization tables in a JPEG file ( that indicate how the image was compressed ) and determine the last tool that created the image – that is , the make and model of the camera if the image is original or the version of Photoshop that was used to alter and re-save the image .
Comparing that data to the metadata embedded in the image he could determine if the photo was original or had been re-saved or altered .
Then , using error level analysis of an image he could determine what were the last parts of an image that were added or modified .
Error level analysis involves re-saving an image at a known error rate ( 90 % , for example ) , then subtracting the re-saved image from the original image to see every pixel that changed and the degree to which it changed .
The modified versions will indicate a different error level than the original image .
You can see the difference in the two pictures ( below right ) of a bookshelf .
Krawetz added some books and a toy dinosaur to the original image – both of which show up clearly in the second picture after he 's completed the error level analysis .
But more interesting were the examples Krawetz gave of al Qaeda images .
Krawetz took an image from a 2006 al Qaeda video of Ayman al - Zawahiri ( above right ) , a senior member of the terrorist organization .
The image shows al - Zawahiri sitting in front of a desk and banner with writing on it .
But after conducting his error analysis Krawetz was able to determine that al - Zawahiri 's image was superimposed in front of the background – and was most likely videotaped in front of a black sheet .
Krawetz was also able to determine that the writing on the banner behind al - Zawahiri 's head was added to the image afterward .
In the second picture above showing the results of the error level analysis , the light clusters on the image indicate areas of the image that were added or changed .
The subtitles and logos in the upper right and lower left corners ( IntelCenter is an organization that monitors terrorist activity and As - Sahab is the video production branch of al Qaeda ) were all added at the same time all have the same error level , while the banner writing was added at a different time has a different error level , likely around the same time that al - Zawahiri was added , Krawetz says .
( See 2nd update below . )
Even more interesting is the analysis he conducted on another 2006 video image of Azzam al - Amriki showing him in a white room with a desk , computer and some books in the background .
Error level analysis shows that the books in the lower right - hand corner of the image have a different error level than the items in the rest of the image , suggesting they were added later .
In fact the books register the same error level as the subtitles and As - Sahab logo .
Further analysis also shows that the books have a different color range than the rest of the image , indicating that they came from an alternate source .
Krawetz was n't able to determine what the books were but says if they were religious books , they might have simply been added to lend authority and reverence to the video .
It 's also possible , he says , that such details could be added to a picture to send a message in code to al Qaeda operatives .
UPDATE : For those of you who asked for Krawetz 's program , you can view the source code here .
You can also view his BlackHat presentation here ( PDF ) .
For those of you who think the software is better used to catch media manipulations of photos and video , Krawetz did present examples of these in his talk .
And to " Ann " who commented that she doubts al Qaeda would put subtitles on a video , As - Sahab , the logo in the lower left corner of the two al Qaeda videos is the production arm of al Qaeda .
Yes , the organization has its own media production team .
2ND UPDATE : I quoted Krawetz as saying that the evidence indicates that the IntelCenter and As - Sahab logos were added to the al - Zawahiri video at the same time .
Ben Venzke of IntelCenter says his organization did n't add the As - Sahab logo .
He points out that just because the error levels are the same for two items in an image , that does n't prove they were added at the same time , only that the compression was the same for both items when they were added .
3rd UPDATE : I was finally able to reach Neal Krawetz at the BlackHat conference to respond to the questions about the IntelCenter and As - Sahab logos ( Krawetz does n't have a cell phone on him so finding him at the conference took a while ) .
He now says that the error levels on the IntelCenter and As - Sahab logos are different and that the IntelCenter logo was added after the As - Sahab logo .
However , in a taped interview I conducted with him after his presentation , he said the logos were the same error levels and that this indicated they were added at the same time .
Additionally , after I 'd written the first blog entry about his presentation , I asked him to read it to make sure everything was correct .
He did so while sitting next to me and said it was all correct .
He apologizes now for the error and the confusion it caused .
Each of these files is explained in more detail below .
Tcl Sources tcl8.5.19-src.tar.gz Gzip format tcl8519-src.zip Zip format Tk Sources tk8.5.19-src.tar.gz Gzip format tk8519-src.zip Zip format
Other versions of the source distributions are available at SourceForge .
For other ways to obtain Tcl / Tk ( such as binary distributions ) , see the main Tcl / Tk page .
The source releases include make files for Windows , Unix and Xcode project files for Mac OS X .
If you 're running on a platform other than the ones listed above , or if you want to make modifications to Tcl and Tk , you 'll need to retrieve the source releases .
Once you 've retrieved the sources , click below for instructions on how to configure , compile , and install Tcl / Tk .
How to Compile Tcl Source Releases
Unix ( including Mac OS X )
You 'll want both Tcl and Tk sources ; choose the and gzipped tar format .
The files listed under the Windows sources contain the same information but are in ZIP format .
Gzip'ed Tar Files
gunzip < file.tar.gz | tar xvf -
Windows
If you have downloaded the Unix version of these files , there is no need to also download these versions since these files are identical but in ZIP format instead of compressed tar .
Computer security is hard .
Software , computer and network security are all ongoing battles between attacker and defender .
And in many cases the attacker has an inherent advantage :
He only has to find one network flaw , while the defender has to find and fix every flaw .
Cryptography is an exception .
As long as you do n't write your own algorithm , secure encryption is easy .
And the defender has an inherent mathematical advantage : Longer keys increase the amount of work the defender has to do linearly , while geometrically increasing the amount of work the attacker has to do .
Unfortunately , cryptography can't solve most computer - security problems .
The one problem cryptography can solve is the security of data when it 's not in use .
Encrypting files , archives – even entire disks – is easy .
All of this makes it even more amazing that Her Majesty 's Revenue & Customs in the United Kingdom lost two disks with personal data on 25 million British citizens , including dates of birth , addresses , bank - account information and national insurance numbers .
On the one hand , this is no bigger a deal than any of the thousands of other exposures of personal data we 've read about in recent years – the U.S. Veteran 's Administration loss of personal data of 26 million American veterans is an obvious similar event .
But this has turned into Britain 's privacy Chernobyl .
Perhaps encryption is n't so easy after all , and some people could use a little primer .
This is how I protect my laptop .
There are several whole - disk encryption products on the market .
I use PGP Disk 's Whole Disk Encryption tool for two reasons .
It 's easy , and I trust both the company and the developers to write it securely .
( Disclosure : I 'm also on PGP Corp. 's Technical Advisory Board . )
Setup only takes a few minutes .
After that , the program runs in the background .
Everything works like before , and the performance degradation is negligible .
Just make sure you choose a secure password – PGP 's encouragement of passphrases makes this much easier – and you 're secure against leaving your laptop in the airport or having it stolen out of your hotel room .
The reason you encrypt your entire disk , and not just key files , is so you do n't have to worry about swap files , temp files , hibernation files , erased files , browser cookies or whatever .
You do n't need to enforce a complex policy about which files are important enough to be encrypted .
And you have an easy answer to your boss or to the press if the computer is stolen : no problem ; the laptop is encrypted .
PGP
Disk can also encrypt external disks , which means you can also secure that USB memory device you 've been using to transfer data from computer to computer .
When I travel , I use a portable USB drive for backup .
Those devices are getting physically smaller – but larger in capacity – every year , and by encrypting I do n't have to worry about losing them .
I recommend one more complication .
Whole - disk encryption means that anyone at your computer has access to everything : someone at your unattended computer , a Trojan that infected your computer and so on .
To deal with these and similar threats I recommend a two - tier encryption strategy .
Encrypt anything you do n't need access to regularly – archived documents , old e-mail , whatever – separately , with a different password .
I like to use PGP Disk 's encrypted zip files , because it also makes secure backup easier ( and lets you secure those files before you burn them on a DVD and mail them across the country ) , but you can also use the program 's virtual - encrypted - disk feature to create a separately encrypted volume .
Both options are easy to set up and use .
There are still two scenarios you are n't secure against , though .
You 're not secure against someone snatching your laptop out of your hands as you 're typing away at the local coffee shop .
And you 're not secure against the authorities telling you to decrypt your data for them .
The latter threat is becoming more real .
I have long been worried that someday , at a border crossing , a customs official will open my laptop and ask me to type in my password .
Of course I could refuse , but the consequences might be severe – and permanent .
And some countries – the United Kingdom , Singapore , Malaysia – have passed laws giving police the authority to demand that you divulge your passwords and encryption keys .
To defend against both of these threats , minimize the amount of data on your laptop .
Do you really need 10 years of old e-mails ?
Does everyone in the company really need to carry around the entire customer database ?
One of the most incredible things about the Revenue & Customs story is that a low - level government employee mailed a copy of the entire national child database to the National Audit Office in London .
Did he have to ?
Doubtful .
The best defense against data loss is to not have the data in the first place .
Failing that , you can try to convince the authorities that you do n't have the encryption key .
This works better if it's a zipped archive than the whole disk .
You can argue that you 're transporting the files for your boss , or that you forgot the key long ago .
Make sure the time stamp on the files matches your claim , though .
There are other encryption programs out there .
If you 're a Windows Vista user , you might consider BitLocker .
This program , embedded in the operating system , also encrypts the computer 's entire drive .
But it only works on the C : drive , so it wo n't help with external disks or USB tokens .
And it can't be used to make encrypted zip files .
But it 's easy to use , and it 's free .
\—
Bruce Schneier is CTO of BT Counterpane and author of Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World .
You can read more of his writings on his website .
Did NSA
Put a Secret Backdoor in New Encryption Standard ?
Secure Passwords Keep You Safer
How Security Companies Sucker Us With Lemons
Dec. 11 , 2007  --
There was no abduction , no gun in her face , no blindfold and no ties binding her wrists .
Officials announced today that pregnant Ohio attorney Karyn McConnell Hancock confessed Monday to fabricating a story about being kidnapped by three people at gunpoint in Toledo last week .
McConnell Hancock had previously told her husband , Lawrence Hancock , and police that she was kidnapped by two white men and one black woman in front of a juvenile court building in Toledo and driven 600 miles to Georgia , where she was found early Saturday morning wandering near a Six Flags amusement park .
Toledo police Chief Michael Navarre said it was all a lie .
" She traveled alone and on her own free will , " Navarre said .
Navarre says his department will work with prosecutors to seek criminal charges against McConnell Hancock for filing the false abduction report .
During the course of the seven - hour interrogation by police and FBI agents , her story was systematically picked apart , Toledo lead investigator Vince Mauro said at a morning news conference today .
Among other things , they discovered financial transactions that did n't add up and phone calls that were not made from the places she had told police .
Mauro also said that as far as authorities were concerned , Hancock , her preacher husband , knew nothing about his wife 's lie when she called him Thursday .
Police offered few details about what her motive may have been and where she was between Wednesday and Saturday morning .
" She just indicated that she was tired and she wanted to get away , " Mauro said .
But her husband , the bishop of the Final Harvest Church , appeared at the same news conference and said that his wife " experienced a meltdown and attempted to handle those matters without the assistance of professional help or others , " but also did not elaborate .
Hancock apologized to the police , the media and citizens who rallied behind his wife 's case .
He maintained that he did not know that she was lying when he spoke to her Thursday , a fact that he called " very disheartening . "
Hancock added that his wife 's decision to run away " is the culmination of a series of events , " but declined to elaborate further .
He said his wife asked for his apology Monday night and he gave it to her .
Family and friends described the former member of the city council who runs her own law firm as having little reason to run away .
Her husband and father told police about recent instances of threatening phone calls and of clients of Hancock McConnell acting aggressively .
She has also been the target of a lawsuit by one client , who claimed she tried to defraud him of $ 10,000 .
McConnell Hancock 's father , C. Allen McConnell , a local judge , also said that their family will stand by her .
He emphasized that whether or not his daughter was lying to the family , the fact remains that both his family and his daughter 's family had received threatening phone calls that remain " a great concern . "
" She 's my child , I love her and we just want to make sure that she 's well and that her life continues , " her father said .
" Regardless of what happens , her mother and I will always love her . "
Late last week , both men appealed to the public for help finding the missing pregnant woman .
Hancock filed the initial missing person 's report Wednesday when the family 's day - care center called in the evening to say his wife had failed to pick up their son .
Her family members rejoiced when the woman was discovered Saturday after flagging down a motorist who then called 911 .
Police in Cobb County , Ga. , put her on a plane , but they also kept her vehicle , found along an interstate about a mile away , to process as evidence .
Sgt. Dana Pierce , a spokesman for the Cobb County police , told The Associated Press that her car showed no signs of a struggle or a kidnapping .
Peer - to - peer ( P2P ) poisoning company MediaDefender has sent a flurry of takedown notices and legal threats to P2P web sites that are facilitating the propagation of a 700 MB archive of internal MediaDefender e-mail that was leaked onto the Internet this week .
The e-mails , which were obtained by a group that calls itself MediaDefender - Defenders , reveal that the company attempted to deceive the public after the disclosure of its affiliation with the MiiVi site and was providing information about file - sharing network users to the New York State Attorney General 's office .
MediaDefender is now in damage control mode and hopes to slow the spread of the e-mails by intimidating P2P site operators .
MediaDefender is represented by Sheppard , Mullin , Richter & Hampton ( SMR&H ) , which is recognized one of the top law firms in the United States .
The P2P sites are unimpressed with the empty threats .
Although MediaDefender president Randy Saaf was eager to tell us a fabricated cover story after the MiiVi incident , MediaDefender has not responded to our numerous requests for comment this week .
Similarly , the New York General Attorney 's office has declined to provide a response to our inquiries .
MediaDefender has , however , contacted several popular P2P sites , including is oHunt , which provided us with a complete record .
" Despite security precautions by our client , a person or persons illegally accessed MediaDefender 's email and other files , " says a cease and desist notice sent to isoHunt and seen by Ars .
In the notice — which cites various sections of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , and the California Computer Data Access and Fraud Act — SMR&H attorney Robert S. Gerber requests that isoHunt " immediately and permanently cease and desist from posting , distributing or otherwise making available MediaDefender 's trade secrets and confidential information . "
The popular P2P site 's formal response to SMR&H is filled with caustic wit and considerable legal expertise .
" If Mr. Gerber is truly as experienced in IP law as his bio claims he is , " asks the isoHunt administrator in his response , " why is it that he is incapable of composing a DMCA takedown notice as per USC Title 17 Section 512 ? "
The isoHunt administrator explains that Gerber failed to adequately specify the allegedly infringing content as required by law .
The administrator also helpfully provides a link to a valid sample complaint so that SMR&H will be less likely to send the improper information in their second attempt .
The following is an excerpt of the isoHunt administrator 's response :
" This e-mail serves as a counter notification under USC Title 17 Section 512 ( c ) ( 3 ) ( A ) ( iii ) that you have failed to properly identifying links to content that allegedly infringes your copyright / trademark / rights ( or , in this case , has something to do with really embarrassing trade secrets * and* employee social security numbers ) AND you have failed to address your e-mail to the appropriate agent , namely copyright@isohunt.com , so I invite you and your clients to take a long walk off a short pier , since you and / or your clients might actually manage to NOT get something that simple wrong . "
In closing , the isoHunt administrator says that the he will comply with the request if it is properly submitted .
" Despite us being located in Canada , if you do actually figure out how to compose a valid DMCA notice , we will honor it , " he concedes , " just as soon as we 're done laughing at you . "
Torrent site Meganova received an identical letter from SMR&H , but responded publicly and with a bit less civility .
" Dearest little asstunnels , Let me start off by thanking you for your pitiful attempt to have your e-mails removed from the entire internet , " Meganova 's response says .
" In case you have n't noticed , this site is located in Europe ( I hope you can point it out on a map ) where your stupid copyright claims have no base .
But fair is fair you guys did suffer over the past week so here 's bit of advice to you guys : F*** you !
F*** you again !
F*** you again and again and again ! "
( I 'm guessing that an " asstunnel " is what you get when a European whose first language is n't English tries to say " asshole . "
It seemed awkward when I first read the response , but the expression has since grown on me . )
A web site named after the organization behind the leak , MediaDefender - Defenders , has set up HTML archive that includes all of the e-mails , largely uncensored , but with minor modifications to protect MediaDefender employees from identity theft .
The site also published an e-mail allegedly sent by Saaf himself .
" I am the CEO of MediaDefender , " the message says .
" We have begun our civil and criminal investigations into the stolen e-mails from our company .
We are meeting with the FBI on monday .
Your IP address has been logged .
I hope it was worth the thrill . "
The site has been running intermittently since its launch , and the disruptions are thought to be the result of massive traffic coupled with a denial of service attack apparently launched by MediaDefender .
Attempting to stop the spread of the e-mails is an exercise in futility at this point .
MediaDefender 's entire business model has been based on recognition of the inescapable fact that litigation cannot stop the spread of content on the Internet , so it is ironic that the company has turned to legal threats .
In the past , we have seen attempts to stifle the dissemination of information on the Internet backfire and compel activists to promote broader distribution .
Given that reality , MediaDefender might want to lay off of the threats for the time being .
Company Forced to Restate Revenue as Shares Devalued More than 50 % Since Insider Sell - Off Last Summer , Renaming of Election Division to ' Premier ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/11/2008 , 11:18 am PT
Following a short " dead cat bounce " at the end of last month , after a precipitous six - month stock price plunge devaluing the company 's net worth by more than 50 % since an insider sell - off last August , Diebold 's fortunes began turning south again late last week as the company was forced to begin restating previously - inflated revenue figures from 2006 and 2007 .
The company 's stock price is continuing to plunge today towards a seven - year low , after it admitted last week that it had over - estimated revenues of its election systems division by more than 300 % .
As well , the company announced it will soon be laying off 5 % of its full - time global workforce .
The restatement of revenues comes as part of a deal worked out with the SEC , which continues its ongoing investigation into the financial practices of the once - great , now - disgraced company .
Diebold also acknowledges that it is still being investigated by the DOJ , although the reasons and details of that particular investigation remain undisclosed at this time .
The 50 % decrease in the company 's share price began just after a number of company executives sold off several thousand shares of stock , all on the same day in August of last year , at $ 53.05 / share , very near the company 's 52 - week high of $ 54.50 , as The BRAD BLOG reported exclusively at the time .
In the following week , the company 's share price fell 15 % just before the management attempted to misdirect investors by renaming their election division in order to offer " a fresh identity for our company . "
Following the insider trading and fresh identity , now dubbed " Premier Elections Solutions , " the company 's share price has continued to fall ever since .
The stock is down more than 3 % so far today , selling currently at $ 24.64 / share .
A statement released by the company late last week reveals once again that , despite the attempted name change bait - and - switch , the company still bears the liabilities of the old Diebold elections division ; the company admits that the SEC and DOJ investigations continue and sales are sharply off for its voting systems , which have been decertified by several states after being found easily hackable and error - prone in study after study over the past year .
As well , there is a Securities Fraud class action lawsuit still pending against the company , as investors cast the only vote that counts --- the one that hits the 150 - year old company in the pocket book .
The company that made its bones in the security business has tumbled quite a ways since untouchable crime - fighter Eliot Ness served as chair back in the 1940's .
In the wake of its latest round of misfortunes / karmic return , Diebold announced plans for layoffs of some 800 workers last week .
We 're not happy to hear that .
Though if any of those who find themselves out of a job due to the arrogance , corruption , and general failure of this company to perform as a responsible corporate citizen would like to share any inside information , we'd be delighted to hear from you .
Your confidentiality , as needed , will always be respected by The BRAD BLOG .
A partial restatement of 2007 revenue estimates , released by Diebold last week in the wake of the SEC investigation which has forced it to discontinue its previously misleading practice of declaring revenues before products were actually delivered , reveals that the company continues to be rocked by its failing election division , newly renamed or otherwise ...
DIEBOLD PLAYS FAST AND LOOSE WITH NUMBERS
According to the statement , the earlier 2007 estimate for revenue from the election division was $ 185 to $ 215 million .
The newly revised estimate for 2007 election business is just $ 61 million , revealing the original numbers were inflated by 300-350 % .
The admission also reveals that estimated election system revenue for the company is down some 69 % from 2006 .
Other than a similar previous overstatement of expected revenue from a small - ish investment in the Brazilian lottery , the company estimated small but positive growth in all of its other business sectors .
For all the pro-Diebold bluster from supporters out there , downplaying the trouble the company faces with its election division by claiming it 's such a small part of its overall business ( appx . 5 % ) , the company 's real numbers suggest a very different story .
Company CEO Thomas Swidarski , who replaced controversial George W. Bush " pioneer " Walden O'Dell after his infamous 2003 Republican fund raising letter announcing he was " committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to " Bush in 2004 , cites " significant deterioration in the election systems market in 2007 " as one of the reasons for the company 's current woes .
He goes on to say that the company " will continue to invest in areas that are essential to our growth moving forward , such as deposit automation solutions , integrated services / outsourcing capabilities , software offerings , new security markets and IT infrastructure . "
Notice anything missing ?
We did .
Touch the screen HERE if you do as well .
Moreover , the statement later admits ominously : " the previously disclosed investigations by the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice remain ongoing and there can be no assurance that the results of these investigations will not impact previously reported financial statements , " before going on to list a number of " forward looking statements " which might be impacted by any of the following notable points ...
the finalization of the impact on the company 's financial statements of its change in its revenue recognition practices for its North America business segment and any other business segment ;
the results of the SEC and Department of Justice investigations and the company 's review ;
... acceptance of the company 's product and technology introductions in the marketplace ;
unanticipated litigation , claims or assessments ;
... challenges raised about reliability and security of the company 's election systems products , including the risk that such products will not be certified for use or will be decertified ;
changes in laws regarding the company 's election systems products and services ;
potential security violations to the company 's information technology systems ;
the company 's ability to successfully execute its strategy related to the election systems business
Some of the risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward - looking statements include , but are not limited to :
Once again , if any company insiders would like to touch base , we'd be happy to hear from you right here .
We should also add the not - wholly - unrelated thought that VelvetRevolution .us ( an organization co-founded by The BRAD BLOG ) has an ongoing Election Fraud tip- line at : 1-800 - VOTE - TIP .
Rewards are offered for information that leads to the reversal of an election and / or arrest of culprits .
Just thought you should know .
Posted on Written by
Wheee – YouTube is launched in Canada .
I can barely contain my excitement and appreciation that someone has recognized us in the Frozen North and …wait … excitement contained and anger rising .
This is about the lamest , insulting , piece of crap I ’ve seen in a long time and it ’s your lucky day cuz I ’m gonna rant about it for a bit …EH !!
Let ’s start with the YouTube Canada home page :
First off , YouTube Canada get ’s a teensy weensy little Canadian flag up in the top right corner of the screen ?
C’mon , where ’s the love ?
Where ’s the Canadianized version of the YouTube logo ?
You know , the one where the red box behind “ Tube ” is a maple leaf .
We do n’t even get YouTube.ca .
It just redirects to ca. youtube.com .
Next is the blog .
Here ’s my favorite bit :
In developing territory - specific YouTube sites , we wanted to bring YouTube to you , in your language ..
Your language from naati translation services ?
I ’ll be the translation was a bitch … all those extra U ’s in words .
At least YouTube did a nice promotional video for us .
You can see how the highlighted above with the fancy title bar and the great name : “ You Tube Canada , Eh ? ” .
Yeah , we say Eh .
At least it sounds like a letter of the alphabet and not the unintelligible American grunt of “ huh ? ” .
Funny stuff YouTube .
You sure nailed it .
How well you ’re endearing yourself to the Canucks .
Let ’s watch the video …
Are you freakin kidding me ?
I had to look at my calendar to make sure this was n’t a horribly ill conceived April Fools joke .
Nope .
It ’s November 6 .
You really think some total tool with the personality and screen presence of piece of drywall ( sheetrock for you Americans ) wandering filming Canada flags is engaging ?
Oh look he ’s trying to make the flags flap by blowing … hahahahha… pffft .
The best part of this is the complete and utter slap to the face of Canadians when this retard says “ you disappointed me again Canada , but not YouTube Canada… ” .
What ?
You launch a service in my country and then tell me I ’ve disappointed you ?
What kinda message is that ?
What exactly is disappointing you ?
The fact our dollar is worth more than yours ?
The fact that EVERYBODY would rather have a Canadian flag on their backpack than an American flag when aceboater traveling abroad ?
At least you got the logo right at the end of the video .
Welcome to Canada YouTube .
Now take Tony and Take Off Eh !!
Here is a list of 26 life lessons I have learned thus far at the age of 26 .
I pass this list on to you with the simple hope that it makes you think .
Sometimes thinking about your life and sorting out what you have learned is just as important as tackling a new venture .
Being an adult can be fun when you are acting like a child .
Love has nothing to do with looks , but everything to do with time , trust , and interest .
Laughing , crying , joy and anger …
All are a vital .
All make us human .
The greatest truths in life are uncovered with simple , steady awareness .
Greed will bury even the lucky eventually .
Bad things do happen to good people .
Paving your own road is intelligent only if nobody has gone exactly where you are going .
Uncertainty is caused by a lack of knowledge .
Hesitation is the product of fear .
Time heals all wounds … regardless of how you feel right now .
Most of the time what you are looking for is right in front of you .
Your health is your life .
Chance is a gift , so act on chance when given the opportunity .
Kindness and hard work will take you further than intelligence .
People deserve a second chance , but not a third .
Marry your best friend .
Take lots of pictures .
Someday you ’ll be really glad you did .
Money makes life easier only when the money is yours free and clear .
Carelessness is the root of failure
Your actions now create memories you will reminisce and talk about in your elder years .
Stepping outside of your comfort zone will put things into perspective from an angle you ca n’t grasp now .
Motivation comes in short bursts .
Act while it ’s hot .
Purposely ignoring the obvious is like walking backwards toward the enemy .
Taking ownership of failure builds the foundation for success .
First impressions are completely worthless 50 % of the time .
Personal glory lasts forever .
If you never act , you will never know for sure .
Check out these books for more life lessons and tips :
* Photo : Andrew Hetherington * Inside the cramped , seething belly of a 550 - horsepower , $ 500,000 race car , Colin Braun hurtles around the Homestead - Miami Speedway at 177 miles per hour .
As he bends the car into Turn One , the chassis shudders over a bump and the back end lurches sideways .
In slower hands , this would be the prelude to a catastrophic wreck .
But Braun , 18 years old and fearless , responds with a lightning application of opposite lock — what driving instructors call " steering into the skid " — and blithely carves through the corner .
On this sunny Friday morning , Braun is practicing for tomorrow 's Grand - Am Grand Prix of Miami .
As he roars around the track , electronic sensors embedded in his purpose - built Daytona Prototype monitor the car 's behavior in minute detail : suspension travel , exhaust gas temperature , throttle position , wheel speed , and dozens of other variables .
This information is radioed back to the pits , where race engineer David Brown squints at a dizzying array of numbers and graphs on his laptop .
A serene and methodical wonk , Brown is charged with adjusting the car to optimize performance .
Accelerating out of a hairpin turn , Braun fishtails toward a daunting right - hand kink that can be taken — in a best - case scenario — flat out .
But he feels the car losing traction .
If he eases off the throttle , the lap will be ruined .
If he turns the steering wheel too sharply , he 'll spin .
If he does nothing , he 'll run out of track .
Braun opts for plan D :
He edges the car to the right a millimeter at a time .
The left rear tire kicks up dust .
It 's just beginning to slide when the other tires suddenly grip the asphalt and launch the vehicle forward .
It 's the kind of I - think - I 'm - going - to - die moment that causes a driver 's hair to stand on end , but when Braun keys his mic to speak with Brown , he sounds laconic , like a military test pilot .
" There 's a lack of front grip in the middle of the corner , and it does n't put the power down very good , " he says , flying out of the kink at 130 mph .
" It feels like it could use a softer spring .
Right now , it pushes too much in the middle , and I get snap oversteer at the exit . "
Part athlete , part astronaut , Braun is at the forefront of a new generation of drivers who have internalized the mechanical subtleties of the gears , pistons , and tires they control .
Once upon a time , racers drove by the seat of their pants .
Quick reflexes , a well - balanced inner ear , and substantial cojones were the marks of a winner .
But nowadays , the cars are so complicated that drivers need to know not merely how to push them to the limit but how to make adjustments to extend that limit .
This means telling the race engineer — precisely , concisely , under pressure — how the car feels , so performance can be improved during practice or even in the middle of a race .
This is a language Braun has spoken since he was a tot .
The son of a race engineer , he 's the product of a uniquely comprehensive training regimen that began at age 6 , when he started analyzing data logged by a unit his father installed on his kiddie car .
He learned to commune with his vehicles during tens of thousands of laps on a test track on the family 's property .
And he has spent countless hours hunched over laptops , deconstructing multicolored graphs of racing data in an effort to " see " what his car is doing .
" I look at squiggly lines and know what they mean , " he says .
" I do n't remember learning it .
It 's something I 've always understood . "
For the past two years , Braun has been racing on the Grand - Am circuit , driving a sleek closed - wheel racer that 's something of a cross between Nascar 's beefier stock cars and the spindly exotics of Formula 1 .
In June 2006 , as part of the team headed by billionaire oilman Tracy Krohn , he became the youngest driver ever to win a major pro race in North America .
If age restrictions had n't prevented him from competing in three events , he probably would have shared the Grand - Am Rolex Sports Car Series championship .
" You could make a very good case for him being the next great American driver , " says Ross Bentley , who runs an elite driver - coaching program .
" As a package , he 's the best I 've ever seen at his age .
Maybe the best I 've seen at any age . "
During practice at Homestead , Braun repeatedly shuttles in and out of the pits to have the car tuned .
Although his time improves , he ends the session frustrated that he can't find the sweet spot in the car 's handling — the golden compromise between responsiveness and speed .
" The car is understeering like crazy , " he complains when he climbs out of the cockpit .
" We suck on the straightaway . "
There 's a lot of work to be done before tomorrow 's qualifying session .
Even with 12 years of high - speed competition under his belt , Braun is still a gangly beanpole who could pass for the treasurer of the high school chess club .
Bounding into the portion of the team 's big-rig that serves as an office , he flops into a chair in front of a counter holding four laptops that display data from the morning session .
" What do you see , Mr. Priestman ? " he asks a compact man who 's peering intently at the screens .
An electrical engineer by training , Stephen Priestman is the racetrack equivalent of an IT manager .
He holds a title that has become standard throughout the racing world : DAG , for data acquisition geek .
" Squiggly lines all over the place , " Priestman jokes .
The screens show the five variables that offer the quickest overview of the car 's performance : speed , rpm , throttle position , brake pressure , and gear .
These channels are displayed lap by lap as lines on an X - Y graph : X is distance and Y is the variable in question .
Braun looks like a kid playing a videogame as he pulls up his fastest lap , then overlays the color - coded traces of other laps for comparison .
He runs his cursor along the peaks and valleys to figure out where he gained and lost time .
Analysis of a previous session 's data suggested it might be faster to take the hairpins in second gear instead of first — but that had n't helped .
Neither did a shallower spoiler angle .
" With less spoiler , it came off the banking a little quicker , " Brown murmurs , studying the data on another laptop .
" But everywhere else , it made sod bit of difference . "
" Sod ? " Braun asks .
He 's a Texan ; Brown is a transplanted Brit .
Introduced to the racing world 20 years ago , data acquisition systems are now commonplace .
Amateur racers can pick up simple units for less than $ 1,000 .
At the other end of the spectrum , Formula One cars — beneficiaries of hundred - million - dollar budgets — are packed with enough electronics to launch a satellite .
The MoTeC ADL2 data logger in Braun 's car is the heart of a $ 60,000 system that captures the output of some four dozen sensors .
In addition to transmitting vital statistics about how the car is handling , it can trip preset alarms to avert catastrophic mechanical failures .
If oil pressure falls below a certain level , for instance , bold red lettering on the screen prompts the race engineer to tell the driver to kill the engine before it explodes .
Mostly , though , the data is used after the fact .
As soon as a session ends , Priestman plugs his laptop into a 13 - pin connector mounted on Braun 's car and downloads the contents of the ADL2 .
The software formats this data into line graphs , or traces .
By overlaying these traces , Braunn can see what effect each change had on the car .
They also show him where he can find time on the track — say , by going 2 miles per hour faster through the kink or braking 10 feet later for Turn One .
Commercial data acquisition systems have revolutionized racing , but not in the way the industry expected .
In the pre-data era , engineers relied on drivers for subjective impressions of how a car was handling .
But drivers are athletes , not engineers , selected more for their motor skills than their technical acumen .
Their feedback was often ambiguous , even inaccurate .
Data acquisition promised a utopian world where race engineers would no longer have to kowtow to the prima donnas behind the wheel .
Because data could tell them everything they needed to know , science would reign supreme and drivers would be reduced to the role of glorified chimps .
That did n't happen .
Even as data logging lowered lap times across the board , race engineers discovered that data alone means nothing without a driver to put it in perspective .
Viewed in a vacuum , it 's easily misinterpreted .
A classic example is readings that seem to show a car is " loose , " meaning the tail tends to slide in corners .
In fact , sometimes the car is actually " tight , " losing traction in the front end , which forces the driver to turn the steering wheel more than he ought to , causing what appears to be loose behavior .
The driver 's input is crucial to diagnosing the condition .
So instead of marginalizing the people behind the wheel , the data revolution made them even more important .
But taking full advantage of data logging requires a different kind of driver — one who can correlate sensory impressions with the data pouring out of the vehicle and articulate this information in language his race engineer understands .
You can't learn this by reading textbooks , and it 's not taught in racing schools .
Braun got lucky :
He had a private tutor every day of the year .
October 1994 : Colin Braun is practicing for his first race at a small oval in Austin , Texas .
Driving a pint - size car known as a quarter midget , the skinny 6 - year - old is n't the fastest kid on the track .
But he 's got a secret weapon :
His father , Jeff Braun , is a professional race engineer , and Jeff has installed a data acquisition unit in his son 's vehicle .
" You 're lifting in the corners , " Jeff tells him .
" You have to be flat out all around the track . "
" No no , Dad , " Colin insists .
" I 'm mashing down that throttle all the way . "
Braun senior does n't buy it .
He calls up the throttle trace .
He wants to see a line that runs straight across the screen , showing that Colin was at full throttle for an entire lap .
Instead , the trace shows a pair of valleys : Colin eased off before each of the two turns .
" The next session , " Jeff tells him , " I want you to see if you can make that line completely straight . "
Colin finished his first race in second place .
Two races later , he notched his first win .
The Braun family lived near the tiny town of Ovalo , Texas — hundreds of miles from the nearest track .
So Jeff built a go - kart course on his sprawling property .
Watching from a scaffold and dispensing advice via two - way radio , he led Colin through Race Driving 101 .
He attended kart races , where Colin often competed in three or four separate classes with different karts , all bristling with data loggers .
" Colin was the first kid I saw who really analyzed data , " says Tony Coello , who ran one of the top shops at the time .
" Most kids , if they opened a laptop , it was to play Pac - Man .
Not Colin .
He worked at it harder than any kid I 've ever seen . "
But even as Colin was learning to parse traces , Jeff was beginning to wonder how much they were worth .
He 'd honed his trade during the data acquisition revolution , but a decade of experience from Daytona to Le Mans had taught him that the technology had its limitations .
" You can get lost in all the data , " he explains .
" It can send you in the wrong direction .
At the track , there 's so much information to sift through that you need the driver to focus his engineer on what he wants changed .
The more the driver can tell me , the more I can improve the car . "
So Jeff taught Colin not only how to read data but also how to correlate the traces with what he felt in the driver 's seat .
He showed his son shock absorber profiles in the pits , then sent him out to see how different settings actually behaved .
They spent an entire day isolating the effect that suspension adjustments had on the rear roll center .
They practiced racing on worn tires , on overinflated tires , on underinflated tires .
By the time he was 14 , Colin had spent more time analyzing vehicle dynamics than most drivers twice his age .
When he entered his first real car race , he dominated the qualifying rounds and ultimately took the checkered flag on race day , becoming the youngest driver to win a professional formula car race in North America .
By 17 , he was a full - time pro .
Now he 's poised to become a star .
Braun is upbeat as qualifying begins for the Grand Prix of Miami .
But as soon as he gets up to speed , he finds that the morning 's adjustments have n't helped .
He ends up placing a discouraging fourth .
Afterward , the mood inside the big-rig is gloomy .
Brown and 37 - year - old codriver Max Papis are furiously paging through screen after screen of data when Braun walks in .
" There 's no power - down traction , " he announces .
" It 's like driving in the rain . "
" I'm a little confused about what we need to fix , " Brown says .
" We absolutely need more rear grip , " Braun insists .
The room goes silent .
The car has undergone hundreds of changes before , during , and after the four previous sessions .
And yet , Braun insists , the handling is still way off .
" Have you ever had a car handle like this before ? "
Brown asks .
" No , " Braun answers .
" If this is good , and this is bad " — the teenager holds his hands shoulder - width apart — " then we 're over here , " he says , twisting around to reach behind his body .
Brown adjusts the differential at Braun 's insistence , but the car is no better during a brief warm - up on Saturday morning .
Brown continues to tweak , even though there 's no time to test the changes .
On Saturday afternoon , Braun is back behind the wheel for the race itself .
It 's a timed event , two and a half hours long .
Braun will drive first , with Papis taking over halfway through .
The start is promising .
" The car 's not too bad , " Braun radios .
" I 'm just saving fuel and tires . "
Braun is renowned for his unflappable demeanor , but on lap 10 he unleashes a high - pitched complaint against another driver : " Long hit me big - time !
He just turned in on me ! "
The broadcast replay on the pit TV screen shows Patrick Long 's car spinning out after colliding with Braun 's car .
Braun insists
Long was at fault .
Officials disagree and nail Braun with a penalty , forcing him to drive through the pit lane at reduced speed .
By the time he returns to the track , he 's in 16th place .
" Let 's keep our heads down and do what we can , " Brown says .
" Copy that , " Braun replies , once again all business .
Braun patiently picks off slower cars and climbs back up to third , but not before having a second run-in with Long , a third with a different driver , and a fourth with yet another .
The team loses more time while he and Papis trade places .
When Braun pulls off his helmet , his face is flushed .
He marches through the pits to confront one of the drivers who hit him .
Fortunately , his nemesis has already returned to the track .
An hour later , the team finishes in eighth place .
But there will be other races for Colin Braun .
In June , he stepped up to motor sports ' major league , signing with a premier Nascar team , Roush Fenway Racing , a perennial contender in the prestigious Nextel Cup series .
Nascar is the only major racing organization that prohibits data acquisition during race weekends — but that could be an advantage for Braun .
While other drivers might miss the digital connection to their cars , he has learned much of what data logging can teach him — he trusts his own gut more than any digital readout .
" I know what I feel , " he says .
" If that does n't agree with the data , I do n't care what the data says . "
Anyway , there 's no hurry .
He still has plenty of time to become the youngest winner in Nextel Cup history .
Preston Lerner ( plerner@pacbell.net ) wrote about videogame voice - overs in issue 14.06 .
FEATURE The Racer's Edge
( Click for larger version )
Naga DDB Malaysia painted the poster for this Regional Environmental Awareness straight on the tiles of pool .
“ Do n’t let this be our future .
Save our rainforest , stop global warming . ”
Chabot came to Congress during the 1994 GOP takeover .
He narrowly won his seventh term in 2006 with 52 percent of the vote , after his hometown paper , | John Shinkle / POLITICO
Economy prompts GOP defections
Congressional Democrats , pushing controversial legislation to help struggling homeowners escape foreclosure , have an unlikely ally in their fight against conservative and industry opposition : Republican Rep. Steve Chabot of Ohio .
In his 13 years in the House , Chabot has earned a 97.5 percent lifetime rating from The American Conservative Union and has largely stuck to the Republican ranks , except to oppose some pork - laden spending bills .
Advertisement
But when foreclosures in his hometown of Cincinnati skyrocketed , Chabot found himself aligned with Democrats — and against his party ’s leaders , his conservative colleagues and the White House .
Chabot ’s bipartisan dalliance illustrates how tough economic times could erode the Republican conference that House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) is counting on to blunt Democratic victories running up to the November elections .
In the recent debate over a stimulus package , Rep. Phil English ( R - Pa. ) broke ranks to push for Democrat - backed extension of unemployment insurance benefits .
And , in the foreclosure bankruptcy debate , Chabot ’s fellow Republican Ohio congressman , Michael Turner , recently joined him as a co-sponsor of the bill .
Turner ’s district includes Dayton , where the foreclosure rate is even higher than in Chabot ’s Cincinnati .
Chabot , and now Turner , supports empowering bankruptcy judges to help homeowners keep their houses , an adjustment supporters say could avert as many as 600,000 foreclosures .
It is legislation that is being driven through the House by Judiciary Chairman John Conyers Jr. ( D - Mich . ) , whose lifetime conservative score sits at just 5 percent but whose hometown district woes mirror those of Chabot ’s district .
Conyers ’ hometown of Detroit led the nation ’s cities in foreclosures last year , according to RealtyTrac Inc .
“ Rep . Chabot is in a bellwether state , … so he ’s seen the problems firsthand , closer than other representatives , ” said Eric Stein , senior vice president of the Center for Responsible Lending , one of the consumer groups pushing for the bankruptcy measure .
Chabot ’s support is crucial , Stein said , because the legislation will need bipartisan support to clear Congress .
Chabot came to Congress during the 1994 GOP takeover .
He narrowly won his seventh term in 2006 with 52 percent of the vote , after his hometown paper , The Cincinnati Enquirer , reversed course from the previous election and endorsed his Democratic challenger .
The paper , which favored Republicans for most other races , said Chabot ’s “ effectiveness seems to have peaked . ”
The subprime mortgage crisis hit the national consciousness the following summer , but the alarm had sounded in Ohio earlier .
Ohio ’s Democratic governor , Ted Strickland , announced the creation of a foreclosure prevention task force in March .
That same month , Democratic State Rep. Steve Driehaus announced his plans to challenge Chabot in the state ’s 1st Congressional District , which the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee sees as ripe for takeover .
Chabot , meanwhile , was seeing the effects in his own neighborhood of Westwood on Cincinnati ’s West Side , where small but sturdy middle - class homes , many more than 100 years old , line the streets .
Even Westwood ’s nicest streets suffered foreclosures , leaving behind vacant , uncared - for properties .
“ It creates blight , and that hurts a neighborhood that ’s on the cusp , ” said John Eby , president of a nonprofit business development group that has lobbied Chabot , along with state and local officials , to do more to alleviate the housing pain .
“ Westwood ’s a neighborhood that can either shoot through the roof , it can be the next Hyde Park , or it could be the next Gary , Ind . ”
“ Steve sees that everyday , ” said Eby , who lives two blocks from Chabot .
“ When he ’s driving to the airport , he ’s driving by a lot of these houses that have been foreclosed upon . ”
Cincinnati , while not the hardest - hit city in Ohio , still ranked 33rd on a national list of metro foreclosures for 2007 , up 104 percent from 2006 .
Ohio , where foreclosure filings spiked more than 200 percent since 2005 , ranked sixth last year among states suffering from the housing meltdown .
In late September , Reps. Brad Miller ( D - N.C. ) and Linda T. Sanchez ( D - Calif . ) introduced a bill that would allow bankruptcy judges to modify the terms of any primary residential mortgage , which current law prohibits .
A few weeks later , Chabot introduced a more limited version of the same proposal .
And a November editorial in the Enquirer praised him and other officials for seeking creative solutions to the problem .
Although Miller and Chabot have served in Congress together for the past six years , the two men rarely interacted .
But when Chabot introduced his version of the bankruptcy bill , Miller approached him on the House floor , “ and we talked , and we continued talking , ” Miller said .
Negotiations moved to the Judiciary Committee , where Conyers ’ and Chabot ’s staffs worked to find middle ground .
They reached a last - minute compromise to scale back the original Democratic bill .
Only homeowners with nontraditional and subprime mortgages would be eligible for the bankruptcy help , and they would have to have a foreclosure notice in hand .
Chabot also succeeding in limiting the legislation to existing loans made after Jan. 1 , 2000 .
Despite his work to cut the bill ’s reach , the committee ’s ranking Republican , Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , has led the charge against it .
“ It is the economic equivalent of throwing cold water on a freezing man , ” Smith complained .
He and other opponents argue the change will force up mortgage rates across the board , causing lending to fall off and the current housing problems to deepen .
Chabot wound up casting the lone Republican vote for the legislation when the House Judiciary Committee approved it in December .
And the vote did n’t score him points with his Republican leaders .
“ They were n’t supportive of the effort , let ’s put it that way , ” he said .
“ Some were more aggressively in opposition than others . ”
In the end , though , “ I ’m responsible to the folks who sent me up here , ” Chabot said .
“ In my view , this is in the best interest of the people in my community , and I think there are many other communities across the country that are in similar straits . ”
Smith said he understood that Chabot needed to respond to his district ’s suffering , even though he still believes the bankruptcy measure is bad policy .
“ It ’s OK for Republicans to do what they need to for their districts , ” Smith said .
“ There ’s no hard feelings . ”
But Miller said Republican leaders and the mortgage finance industry did put “ tremendous pressure ” on other Republicans and succeeded in keeping them off the bill .
“ Most Republicans are reading verbatim from the talking points of the Mortgage Bankers Association , ” Miller said .
Chabot remains convinced that the bankruptcy legislation will get a fair number of Republican votes , especially from lawmakers from states , such as Ohio , that have suffered high foreclosure rates .
He continues to actively search for them , making his case through letters and meetings .
And he has reason to hope .
A separate bill that seeks to curb the lax lending practices blamed for spurring the current crisis passed the House with 64 Republican votes , many from those representing states with the worst foreclosure problems .
Chabot ’s decision to take a leadership role on the bankruptcy bill could quell some criticism on the housing issue at home .
But Democrats are still gathering ammunition based on his other votes .
They are already arguing that his support for trade and opposition to expansion of the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program have exacerbated the district ’s troubles .
And the subprime issue is n’t going away .
Foreclosures have “ been hitting Ohio hard for the last several years , ” stressed Driehaus , the Democratic challenger , who said he has worked against predatory mortgage lending since 2002 and was a member of the state foreclosure task force .
To show real leadership on this issue , Driehaus said , Chabot should have been pushing legislation curbing such abusive practices years earlier , co-sponsoring the measures that Democrats had introduced in previous Congresses , rather than “ showing up when the house is in ashes with a fire hose . ”
Photodisc
AS oil touched $ 88 a barrel on Tuesday October 16th , the temptation was to seek an explanation in geopolitical events .
Many cited a potential incursion by Turkish soldiers into northern Iraq .
Some believed gold 's rise to a new 27 - year high was driven by the same factor .
But the commodities market is being affected by a lot more than just events in the Middle East .
Raw materials prices are seeing widespread gains .
Talk of a “ supercycle ” is in the air .
As of October 15th , copper , lead , soyabeans , wheat , cotton , coffee , cocoa and cattle feed were all showing double - digit percentage gains on the year .
Some of these gains can be traced back to the rise in the oil price .
The planned substitution of ethanol for petrol led to a surge in corn planting ; that took acreage away from other crops ( like soyabeans ) and led to a surge in prices .
Higher livestock prices can , in turn , be explained by the rising cost of grains .
But the broad strength of commodity prices may also reflect the appeal of the sector as an “ alternative asset ” , along with hedge funds and private equity .
Ever since the dotcom bubble burst , investors have been keen to diversify away from their traditional focus on equities and government bonds .
That has led to the launch of a whole series of exchange - traded funds based on commodities , which have made the asset class accessible for a much wider range of investors ; the latest example , from Barclays Global Investors , is a fund based on timber prices .
And Wall Street has been gearing up to meet demand ; a survey by Options Group , a recruitment consultant , found that the hiring rate of commodity traders is up 33 % on last year .
The recent credit crunch may have given commodities a further lift .
Speculative money that had been flowing into high - yield bonds and structured credit is now looking for a new home .
Some commodities , particularly gold , are also seen as a hedge against a declining dollar .
Robin Bhar , a metals strategist at UBS , says investors seem to feel they have an each - way bet on commodity prices .
Either global economic growth is strong and supply remains tight , or the world slips into stagflation , as it did in the 1970s .
In either case , commodities should perform well .
Such a bet could still lose money , of course , if the world slipped into a non-inflationary recession .
But investors seem to feel that the global economy can overcome the problems in the American housing market .
Peter Oppenheimer , a strategist at Goldman Sachs , says that high metals prices reflect the strength of the BRICs ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) economies , which contribute twice as much as America to global consumption growth .
Individual commodity prices are still highly volatile thanks to speculative demand .
A sharp rise tends to attract “ momentum ” investors who push prices up even further , until the point is reached when end users start looking for alternatives , at which stage the momentum buyers retreat .
But oil 's attractions to investors have recently increased because the market has moved into “ backwardation ” , where futures prices are lower than the current ( spot ) price .
Investors can thus earn a “ roll yield ” by buying the future and waiting for the price to rise to the spot level .
The key factor , however , is the tightness of supply .
Francisco Blanch of Merrill Lynch reckons that supply contracted by 500,000 barrels a day in the third quarter while leading economies entered the current quarter with their lowest stock levels for four years .
Mr Blanch reckons it would not take much to push the price to $ 100 a barrel .
If it did , stockmarkets might face an interesting test of confidence .
NVIDIA announced today that it will acquire physics processing company Ageia , with the goal of integrating the company 's technology into future NVIDIA products .
Ageia has struggled to become relevant since the company was formed in 2002 , and the company 's PhysX processor ( or PPU ) has been a solution in search of a problem ever since the company released its first line of PhysX products .
To date , the company has had only a handful of major SDK wins , though scoring the PlayStation 3 was a major one .
Actual PhysX cards , while often included on ultra - high - end boutique systems , have only been supported in a handful of games .
The launch of Unreal Tournament 3 and its support for Physx hardware was meant to mark a major victory for Ageia — the company cut prices on the PhysX line to stimulate demand — but disappointing UT3 sales numbers probably did little to boost PPU sales .
An NVIDIA acquisition , however , changes the company 's situation considerably .
If NVIDIA makes good on its goal of integrating PhysX processing into future GPUs , Ageia gains the one thing the company has sought since its incorporation six years ago — a userbase .
NVIDIA , meanwhile , could push developers to include PhysX support as one aspect of its " The Way It 's Meant to be Played " campaign , while simultaneously negating the need to develop new and improved GPU - based physics to compete with discrete physics processing solutions .
According to our own Jon Stokes , the current PhysX PPU is probably a multicore solution that Ageia may have intended to launch into the high - performance computing market once the product was selling into the gaming market in sufficient quantities to take advantage of economy - of - scale production .
NVIDIA 's acquisition of the company may change some of these initiatves , but it 's possible that NVIDIA intends to use PhysX - based technology to sweeten its future offerings in both gaming and stream computing markets .
AMD , meanwhile , appears to be the odd man out as far as physics technology is concerned .
It 's far too early to predict how much of a difference this will make , especially since NVIDIA and AMD are tied together on a number of fronts , but ATI may face competition on new fronts once NVIDIA finishes integrating PhysX technology into its GPUs .
Overall , the acquisition should be a positive development for anyone wanting to see games adopt and feature more realistic physics engines — but exactly how that will happen ( and how long it will take ) is still open to speculation .
Further reading :
So now that the " Vista Capable " lawsuit is a full - blown class action , the judge has unsealed all 158 pages of emails between Microsoft execs trying to sort out what went wrong with the sticker program .
While bits and pieces have been blacked out , what remains is still fairly incredible -- although Intel 's 915 chipset was initially rejected as incompatible with Vista , MS execs flatly admit that " In the end , we lowered the requirements to help Intel make their quarterly earnings so they could continue to sell motherboards with the 915 graphics embedded " and " We are caving to Intel .
We worked the last 18 months to drive the UI experience and we are giving this up . "
On top of that , it seems that the company was getting direct feedback from retailers that the stickers were confusing , with Wal - Mart appealing directly to HP to pull Vista Capable stickers from low end machines , and an MS exec saying that " I was in Best Buy listening to people and can tell you this did not come clear to customers .
We set ourselves up . "
That 's pretty damning , if you ask us -- and the complete emails , linked below , are full of similar bombshells .
Looks like this case may have some serious legs after all .
Disclaimer : Nilay 's a lawyer , but he 's not your lawyer , and none of this is legal advice or analysis .
Read - Seattle Post - Intelligencer coverage of the case
Read - PDF of all the emails
The memo from Mr. Clarke 's group in July 2001 about F.B.I. activities adds another piece of evidence to the document trail , but it is unlikely to resolve the questions over whether the administration did enough to deter an attack .
White House officials , who spent several weeks attacking Mr. Clarke 's credibility , said Friday that they believed the memo from his counterterrorism group was an accurate reflection of steps the White House took to deter an attack .
But they questioned whether the F.B.I. executed the instructions to intensify its scrutiny of terrorist suspects and contacts in the United States .
In April 2001 , the F.B.I. did send out a classified memo to its field offices directing agents to '' check with their sources on any information they had relative to terrorism , '' said a senior law enforcement official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
But with the level of threat warnings increasing markedly over the next several months , there is no indication that any directive went out in the late June period that was described in the memo from Mr. Clarke 's office .
That summer saw a string of alerts by the F.B.I. and other government agencies about the heightened possibility of a terrorist attack , but most counterterrorism officials believed an attack would come in Saudi Arabia , Israel or elsewhere .
Many also were worried about a July 4 attack and were relieved when that date passed uneventfully .
For months , the F.B.I. had been consumed by internal problems of its own , including the arrest of an agent , Robert P. Hanssen , on espionage charges , the disappearance of documents in the Oklahoma City bombing case and the fallout over the Wen Ho Lee spy case .
Moreover , the bureau was going through a transition in leadership , with its longtime director , Louis J. Freeh , retiring in June 2001 .
He was replaced by an acting director , Thomas J. Pickard , until the current director , Robert S. Mueller III , took over in September , just days before the deadly hijackings .
All three men will testify at next week 's commission hearings and are expected to face sharp questioning about whether the F.B.I. did enough to prevent an attack in the weeks and months before Sept. 11 .
At this week 's appearance by Ms. Rice , several commissioners sharply questioned whether the F.B.I. and the Justice Department had done enough to act on intelligence warnings about an attack .
'' We have done thousands of interviews here at the 9/11 commission , '' said Timothy J. Roemer , a Democratic member of the panel .
'' We have gone through literally millions of pieces of paper .
To date , we have found nobody -- nobody at the F.B.I. who knows anything about a tasking of field offices '' to identify the domestic threat .
