In 2008 the country 's then chief adviser on climate change said Australians should swap eating lamb for kangaroo because it was far better for the environment , but his call was largely ignored .
The meat remains a boutique product sold in specialist butcher shops and at select restaurants .
Several weeks ago we featured on this blog a brand new private torrent tracker called ‘ The X ’ .
It was the latest project by the crew behind SceneLife ( now defunct ) and needless to say , caught the attention of many in the BitTorrent community .
The X was the first tracker to be based on the much hyped SCTBDEV codebase and even more importantly did something many other start up General / 0 Day trackers failed to do – it started off operations with more than 15000 active torrents – movies , music , games , TV shows and pretty much everything else .
As we highlighted in our last article , getting into ‘ The X ’ was initially only possible after going through an IRC interview .
Now , a few weeks into the launch , this has changed – the site has opened direct signups probably for the first and the last time and potential new members are now able to get in almost instantaneously .
Before we go into open signups , it would be interesting to see how ‘ The X ’ has done in the past couple of weeks since its launch .
After starting off operations with 15600 + torrents , they ’ve managed to keep the momentum going by adding several hundred new torrents a day .
As of 14/5/2010 , the active torrent count on X stands at 20600 + , averaging at around 250 new daily torrents added during the last three weeks – impressive stuff indeed .
The user count too has slowly but surely increased and stood at ~ 1900 just before open signups began .
This is bound to increase further now with the flood gates open and this news being posted everywhere .
Opening signups IMHO was the correct move by The X administration – no tracker can survive without leechers and direct signups are way more faster and usually generate more enthusiastic response from the BT community than IRC recruitment .
Speaking of the recent changes on X , a new section has now been introduced for ‘ spam ’ scene releases .
This is a separate browse page which can be accessed from the main toolbar and makes it easier to discover and filter hundreds of new uploads that get added daily .
Some of you will be glad to know that all releases in the Spam section ( which include Applications , AudioBooks , E- Books , Mobile , Music & Music Videos ) are FreeLeech .
For a more detailed account of the type of content available on this tracker and other site features , please refer to our previous article located here .
In other news , The X has finally launched the ‘ snatch policy ’ we talked about in the previous article .
The snatch policy is a system that promotes user activity and weeds out inactive users , for example tracker collectors .
Here ’s how it works :
Every month ( every 30 days ) you MUST download and fully seed at least 2 torrents above 100 MB .
There is absolutely no excuse to not follow this policy .
We are providing our members with the latest and absolute best releases , and we also have many FreeLeech torrents .
If you cannot download at least two small torrents ( 100 MB and above ) every month – you have absolutely nothing to do here .
However , the snatch policy requirements cease to exist when you progress further upwards the user classes scheme – that is , higher user classes are exempt from this rule .
For more information on this , please refer to /rules. php and / faq.php pages .
Anyways as stated at the start of this post , The X is currently open for signup .
According to a news post on site homepage , this could the the first and only time they will open registrations :
Open Signups :
Sign - ups are going to be open for the next 5 days .
This is the first and probably the last time we are going to open our doors .
Tell all your friends and those whom you trust the most !
If you are looking forward to becoming a member of this site , the signup link is posted below ( in this case with permission from tracker staff ) .
Site Name : The X
Signup URL : http://scenexpress.net/opensignup.php
Note : IP ranges from Romania and Israel are banned from signing up .
Only existing users from these countries are allowed to use the tracker .
Official Trailer : Embedded on this page
Related Articles :
Sony has announced that it is going to remove the PlayStation 3's " OtherOS " feature in the console 's next firmware update on 1st April .
Anyone wanting to keep OtherOS can opt not to install the update but will lose access to PSN and therefore , online gaming .
In an official blog post , the company cited " security concerns " and confirmed that all models of PS3 will no longer be able to run Linux .
This contradicts a previous statement , following news that the PS3 Slim would ship without the feature , that OtherOS would not be removed from so called " fat " PS3 's via a future update .
Although opting not to install the update will still allow people to play offline , Eurogamer reports that some newer PlayStation titles will require installation of the update prior to playing the game .
Not installing the update will also prevent the playback of copyright - protected videos streamed from a media server .
Those who have Linux installed on their console , but want to upgrade anyway , have been warned by Sony that they should first remove any valuable data from the OtherOS partition , as it will be impossible to access the data once the update is installed .
It is unknown whether the hard disk space occupied by OtherOS will be reclaimed .
It is understood that the " security concerns " are an exploit that uses a hardware memory glitch via OtherOS to give access to all areas of the console 's RAM , with the hacker responsible posting that he has been making progress in breaching the PS3's game security - a move which could have made pirated games playable on the console .
For some in publishing it may be a curiosity , for others a point of contention — Amazon ’s practice of including free downloads in its list of most popular Kindle titles .
It will soon no longer be an issue .
A representative at the e-tailer has confirmed that the company will be splitting its Kindle bestseller list , creating one list for paid books and another for free titles .
The date for the switch is vague — the rep would only say it will happen in “ a few weeks ” — but the switch will certainly be noticed .
Currently the top ten bestselling titles on Amazon ’s Kindle bestseller list are free downloads , a fact that speaks to how publishers are testing the free model to get attention for certain authors .
In a January 23 piece in The New York Times , the paper 's former publishing reporter Motoko Rich explored the phenomenon .
In the piece , Rich noted that over half of the most popular titles on Amazon 's Kindle bestseller list were free downloads .
Now , with the list to be split up , one has to wonder if publishers will find free giveaways as valuable a promotion tool .
The Kindle bestseller list has been used by publishers to gauge consumer behavior towards e-books , as well by consumers use to point them to titles .
An executive at HarperCollins said she thinks Amazon is certainly doing the right thing by splitting the list , noting that consumers “ want to know what books everyone is reading , and buying , ” and that a list which combines free downloads and books for sale does n’t deliver this information .
When asked if she thought the separation of the lists might make promotional e-book giveaways less effective , she said it might .
Even when Amazon does divide its Kindle bestseller list into free titles and those for sale , the question of price point still looms .
The HC exec said people will still be looking to these lists with a number of questions about what is driving sales .
Is it price point ?
Promotions in the Amazon storefront ?
Merchandising ?
Richard Curtis , founder of Richard Curtis Associates , was more pragmatic about Amazon ’s current list , and will even miss the fact that it ’s a unique collection of free and pay - for content .
He said he still believes that promotions drive Kindle sales more than price , and that the list as it is now does n’t do any disservice to customers looking for popular titles .
“ Amazon has decided to measure the velocity of e-books passing through its store without distinguishing which are free and which are for sale .
That information is still very revealing , ” he said , noting that what people buy versus what people download may not be a distinction the industry should be concerned about right now .
Certainly , despite its unique combination of free and for - pay titles , many industry members interviewed said Amazon ’s Kindle bestseller list remains the one they examine to get a feel for what e-books are selling .
While Fictionwise was also cited as a strong indicator of popular e-books , it was acknowledged that Barnes & Noble and Apple are not go - to places for this information .
After Amazon splits its lists , writers may soon find more competition — and potentially less payoff — for getting to the top of the free downloads list .
Then again , maybe not .
Getting to the top of any heap , as author Brandilyn Collins told Rich in the Times , is a good thing .
“ When you push to No. 1 of any bestseller list , that in it itself seems to beget publicity . ”
Fishermen in Taiji hunt both dolphins and small whales
A film which follows the annual dolphin hunt in the Japanese town of Taiji has won the Oscar for best documentary .
The Cove , directed by Louie Psihoyos , follows activists as they try to gain access to a bay where dolphins are corralled and killed .
The film has not been seen in Japan other than at the Tokyo Film Festival , but distributors say a modified version will open in some cities this year .
The mayor of Taiji , Kazutaka Sangen , protested at the film 's Oscar win .
" I think it is regrettable that the film presents as fact material that is not backed up by scientific proof , " he said in a statement reported by Reuters news agency .
He said that the hunt was legal in Japan and called for respect for the traditions of different cultures .
Taiji residents say that they have performed the hunt for decades .
Hundreds of dolphins and pilot whales are herded into a small bay and either killed for meat or sold to aquariums .
Mr Psihoyos said he hoped that when the film was released in Japan people would " decide themselves whether animals should be used for meat and for entertainment " .
In the Japanese version the faces of the fishermen will be blurred and a note added acknowledging disagreement over the film 's claim of high levels of mercury in dolphin meat .
The Linked and Open Data conversation is extremely relevant for news telling and I ’m hoping this week ’s Linked Data meetup – Web of Data – will introduce me to some new ideas which could be used effectively in journalism .
There ’s some incredibly inspiring stuff going on outside traditional newsrooms , but some media organisations have also been building some fantastic interactive features on their sites , which allow users to customise the way they view and consume data .
Last month at the first official UK Future of News Group meeting , the Financial Times deputy interactive editor , Cynthia O’Murchu , shared some inspiring ways of news storytelling .
She later sent me a list of inspirational links , which I ’ll share with you here .
O’Murchu believes that data visualisations can add so much value to a story , and allow more user control , too .
The great thing about various data visualisations was that “ you allow people to choose their story ” , she said .
Here are some of the visualisations she flagged up in particular :
[ Note : for FT.com articles , you will need to register or subscribe to receive full access after a limited number of views ]
This Financial Times feature from 2007 mapped the different factors affecting food prices around the world : export restrictions , price measures , civil unrest , trade balances and inflation .
Additional text boxes , brought up by clicking on a certain location , give additional information .
Another feature brought together video and slide shows that explain why food prices are rising .
It was about presenting things in a comprehensible way for users to understand , said O’Murchu .
She flagged up how the New York Times had used geolocal information to show what people were talking about on Twitter ( see below , for example ) .
O’Murchu urged the room of journalists to go and play with data tools : “ If you ’re inclined to do a type of story telling , just do it ! ”
Some of the other interactive packages at the FT :
One of O’Murchu ’s own , ‘ The Pensions Crisis ’ ( May 2009 ) – experts advise on dilemmas faced by savers , companies and governments .
‘ Trading places : Migration in the crisis’ ( August 2009 ) .
Audio and video slide shows examining which migrants were hit hardest in the economic downturn .
Data visualisations :
She also showed examples of applications that helped users customise information , to help with a particular problem :
Is it better to rent or buy ?
An interactive calculator over at the New York Times , for comparing the cost of renting or buying property .
O’Murchu also mentioned the non-profit information site Gapminder .
In this video , Gapminder ’s Hans Rosling shows users how countries have developed since 1809 , based on individual life expectancy and income .
[ You can see another Rosling video here , ‘ Let my dataset change your mindset ’ ] .
O’Murchu also recommends taking a look at these links , for further inspiration :
And finally , for even more examples of interactive graphics :
What are your favourites ?
Add them in the comments below …
Recenti indagini di mercato rivelano risultati strepitosi relativamente al nuovo sistema operativo Microsoft Windows 7 .
In Italia , infatti , Windows XP e Vista stanno cedendo il passo a Seven con il suo 75 % del market share e una presenza di oltre il 60 % soltanto sui notebook .
Non si tratta di falsi entusiasmi pubblicitari , ma di notizie veritiere ed estremamente positive legate alla diffusione del nuovo sistema operativo Windows 7 .
Dopo meno di sei mesi dal debutto ufficiale ( 22 ottobre 2009 ) , il nuovo sistema operativo Microsoft ha conquistato in Italia il 74,8 % delle vendite di PC fissi su piattaforma Windows il 60,3 % delle vendite totali di notebook ( fonte GfK ) .
Sono i dati annunciati da Microsoft stessa durante una presentazione milanese .
Seven sta stracciando la concorrenza interna : la resistenza di Windows XP e Vista sembra si stia riducendo a vista d'occhio .
Tale scenario è il medesimo sia in ambito consumer che aziendale .
La crescita ha addirittura superato quella del mercato dei PC ; secondo quanto affermato da un referente di GfK Retail , fonte di tali indagini , il nuovo sistema operativo di casa Microsoft si afferma sempre più rapidamente nel mercato : a partire dall ’ ottobre 2009 , mese del lancio , in cui occupava il 10,4 % , è arrivato a febbraio 2010 a rappresentare una quota del 74,7 % del totale PC Microsoft .
In soli cinque mesi , Windows 7 conquista il 60,3 % delle vendite totali di notebook e rappresenta la maggioranza delle vendite di pc fissi su piattaforma Windows .
Anche le Aziende italiane sembrano vedere di buon occhio il nuovo sistema operativo : tra esse Fiat ed Edipower , che hanno scelto di migrare a Windows 7 per ridurre i costi , incrementare la produttività e guadagnare in prestazioni e sicurezza .
Microsoft è contenta di questi risultati , ma vuole fare di più : è infatti già stata annunciata una promozione che permetterà di passare da XP o Vista a Windows 7 Home Premium beneficiando del 30 % di sconto sul prezzo d'acquisto .
Iniziali indugi sulle vendite , basati forse più su stime pessimistiche che su dati di mercato , si sono dimostrati quindi tutt ' altro che fondati .
Gli utenti finali hanno dunque deciso di adottare Windows 7 , comprendendo come l'evoluzione rispetto a Vista ( ritenuto da molti utilizzatori finali deludente sotto molti aspetti ) ci sia stata .
Microsoft ha intenzione di continuare lo sviluppo dei sistemi operativi sulla strada intrapresa con Seven : maggior interazione tramite feedback con gli utenti , ulteriore alleggerimento del software , riformulazione del kernel per un miglior supporto al multicore , interfaccia grafica sempre migliore , più accattivante e più intuitiva da utilizzare .
Windows 8 , che gli ingegneri Microsoft preferiscono per ora chiamare Windows .
Next , è ormai in lavorazione ...
Pakistan 's intelligence services have been condemned in a devastating report by a United Nations inquiry into the assassination three years ago of the former prime minister Benazir Bhutto .
The report , published last night , failed to identify who was behind the assassination but concluded that Bhutto's death could have been avoided if proper security measures had been in place .
It also claimed that the Pakistan police lied to a Scotland Yard forensic team that was called in to help .
However , aides to former President Pervez Musharraf angrily dismissed the report .
" There were two assassination attempts on President Musharraf by the same suicide squads that killed Benazir Bhutto .
Are we saying that Mr Musharraf was responsible for the assassination attempts on himself ? " said Rashid Qureshi , the former president 's spokesman .
" It 's very strange .
There 's no logic behind this . "
Fawad Chaudhry , Musharraf 's lawyer , said that at the time of Bhutto's death in December 2007 , Musharraf had handed over power to an interim government , which was overseeing elections , and had also given up his position of army chief .
" If there was any lapse , then it was the lapse of the interim government , not the president , " said Chaudhry .
" That 's like , in Britain , holding the Queen responsible for someone 's murder . "
The intelligence services were heavily criticised for their role in the mishandled investigation .
" The investigation was severely hampered by intelligence agencies and other government officials , which impeded an unfettered search for the truth , " the report said .
Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) has long been controversial largely because some senior staff have been linked to the Taliban and other extremists .
Bhutto , who had returned earlier that year from political exile , was killed by a teenage suicide bomber in Rawalpindi in December 2007 .
A group linked to al - Qaida was blamed .
The UN commission of inquiry began in July last year , headed by the Chilean ambassador to the UN , Heraldo Muñoz , supported by Marzuki Darusman , a former attorney - general of Indonesia , and Peter Fitzgerald , a veteran of the Irish police .
The 70 - page report , which described the police 's behaviour as " deeply flawed " , concluded that Bhutto could have been protected if adequate measures had been taken .
" The responsibility for Ms Bhutto 's security on the day of her assassination rested with the federal government , the government of Punjab and the Rawalpindi district police , " it said .
" None of these entities took the necessary measures to respond to the extraordinary , fresh and urgent security risks that they knew she faced . "
The damning part of the report rests in the UN team 's claim of a cover - up .
It said it was " mystified by the efforts of certain high - ranking Pakistani government authorities to obstruct access to military and intelligence sources " .
A forensic team from Scotland Yard was involved in the investigation but the commission said its remit was narrow and it had to take much on good faith from the Pakistan police .
The commission claimed the police had lied to Scotland Yard .
" That good faith was , in many respects , abused by officers of the Rawalpindi district police , particularly with respect to security arrangements .
The commission 's inquiry shows the accounts of the Rawalpindi police provided to Scotland Yard to be largely untrue . "
The commission was baffled that the Rawalpindi police hosed down the crime scene within an hour of the murder , destroying almost all potential evidence .
The ISI is one of the most powerful organisations in Pakistan , with a pervasive reach .
The commission found that the ISI conducted a parallel inquiry into the killing , gathering evidence and detaining suspects .
The commission said it believed the failure of the police to investigate Bhutto's assassination effectively was deliberate .
" These officials , in part fearing intelligence agencies ' involvement , were unsure of how vigorously they ought to pursue actions , which they knew , as professionals , they should have taken . "
The commission does not say why the ISI hampered the investigation but offers a hint : " Given the historical and possibly continuing relationships between intelligence agencies and some radical Islamist groups that engage in extremist violence , the agencies could be compromised in their investigations of crimes possibly carried out by such groups . "
The UN commission recommends reform of the police and the intelligence services .
While every country needs a strong intelligence service , " the autonomy , pervasive reach and clandestine role of intelligence agencies in Pakistani life underlie many of the problems , omissions and commissions set out in this report .
The actions of politicised intelligence agencies undermine democratic governance . "
The ruling Pakistan Peoples party , which had been led by Bhutto , felt vindicated by the findings .
The PPP had complained she was not properly protected and her assassination came from a wider conspiracy involving the military establishment .
As I wrote a few weeks ago , frustration with AT&T coverage in San Francisco 's SOMA neighborhood led me to put my iPhone 3GS aside and switch to a Verizon Wireless Droid .
I found that I liked the reliability of Verizon 's service , and loved certain things about Android -- but that the overall experience was way less polished and predictable than the iPhone .
Here 's an update :
Over the last week or so , I 've been using the iPhone most of the time .
It still has severe issues in SOMA ( or at least a bunch of places in SOMA where I hang out -- it claims perfect signal strength , but the most reliable thing it does is to drop my calls ) .
Otherwise , though , I 've spent far less time futzing than I do when I 'm in Androidland .
I 'm coming to the uneasy realization that I may want to use both phones , depending on what sort of limitations I can deal with at any given time .
A few other notes :
When I charged the Droid back up yesterday , it finally offered to install Android 2.1 .
The process was quick and painless .
But the single thing I want most from an Android update is a more reliable phone , and if Android 2.1 is more robust than 2.0 , you could n't prove it from my experience so far .
Within hours of installing the update , I encountered two instances of the Droid freezing up for extended periods for no apparent reason .
And when I shot a brief video of Volkswagen 's autonomous Passat , I had to chop off the first fifteen seconds -- which included extreme pixilation and a period during which no motion was captured .
When I bought an iPad , I quickly decided to spring for a MiFi pocketable wireless router so I could get online anywhere and everywhere .
Bonus benefit : I can connect my iPhone to the MiFi's Verizon EVDO , effectively giving me a Verizon iPhone .
Works great for data in areas where AT&T is spotty , but does n't help with phone calls .
Will iPhone OS 4 eliminate some of Android 's edge in certain areas when Apple ships it this Summer ?
Yup - especially if the managed multitasking is as good as it looks .
But there are a number of things I like about Android which OS 4 does n't appear to match , including the on- phone support for Google Voice and the neat integration of Facebook contacts .
Speaking of multitasking , Daring Fireball 's John Gruber recently published a long and thoughtful piece comparing the approaches on the iPhone and Android ( and concluding that they 're more similar than different ) .
He says in it that Android does n't really require task - killing utilities .
But ( as I told him in an e-mail ) I found that my Droid on Android 2.0 really needed Advanced Task Killer .
Whenever it became bogged down and unresponsive -- which was frequently -- blowing away all running tasks fixed things instantly .
For all of Apple 's secrecy , it made its plans for iPhone OS 4 -- at least those aspects of it that do n't involve new hardware -- clear at last week 's press event .
I 'd love to see Google be just as open about Android 's future -- maybe at its I|O developer conference , which I 'll be attending next month .
And here 's what I 'd love to hear : " The primary focus for the next version of Android is improving the user interface and ensuring that it's as rock - solid as possible -- and doing everything in our power to enable developers to build outstanding apps . "
I 'd love to have a hard time choosing between the iPhone and the Droid because they were both so cool , and so free of serious gotchas . . .
This story , " Droid vs. iPhone 3GS : An Update " was originally published by Technologizer .
Leonard Nimoy , The Late Show with David Letterman
Leonard Nimoy is ready to beam into retirement .
The 79 - year - old actor , best known for his iconic performance as Spock on the original Star Trek , told the Toronto Sun he plans to retire from acting after his final appearance on Fringe later this season .
" I 've been doing this professionally for 60 years , " Nimoy told the paper .
" I love the idea of going out on a positive note .
I 've had a great , great time . "
Watch videos of Leonard Nimoy
Nimoy made an appearance in J.J. Abrams ' Star Trek prequel last year , alongside the younger Spock , Heroes ' Zachary Quinto .
Over the years , Nimoy starred on the Star Trek TV series from 1966 to 1969 and also starred in seven Star Trek films .
" I want to get off the stage .
Also , I do n't think it would be fair to Zachary Quinto , " Nimoy told the newspaper .
" He 's a terrific actor , he looks the part , and it 's time to give him some space .
And I 'm very flattered the character will continue . "
Watch full episodes of Fringe
Nimoy began recurring on Fringe ( executive - produced by Abrams ) at the end of Season 1 after a 12 - year break from acting .
( For scoop on Nimoy 's next appearance on the sci - fi series , check out TVGuide.com 's Mega Buzz column ) .
" Since J.J. Abrams revived the Star Trek franchise , I felt I owed him something , " Nimoy told the Toronto Sun .
" And I 'm glad I did it because he promised me a good story , and it was . "
TOLAGNARO , Madagascar —
At first glance , the nursery here in the Mandena forest seems ordinary : Seedlings bask in a sunny clearing , where they are watered and studied .
Grey sand dampens the sound of footsteps and birds chirp furiously as Johny Rabenantoandro points out species that exist nowhere else in the world .
The nursery sits inside more than 500 acres of reserve that protects some of Madagascar ’s last remaining coastal ecosystem .
But Rabenantoandro is no crusading environmental activist .
He ’s a company biologist for multinational mining giant Rio Tinto .
The nursery is part of the company ’s ambitious — some say impossible — environmental agenda promised in exchange for permission to mine thousands of acres for titanium .
“ We have a huge nursery for a mining company , no ? ” Rabenantoandro said with a laugh during a tour .
Rio Tinto aims to use the Mandena preserve here in southern Madagascar to regrow the forest it cuts down for the mine .
But activists say the efforts are n’t enough and some local villagers argue they ’re being hurt at the same time .
What ’s not disputed is that Madagascar ’s forest has been dwindling for decades .
Villagers live in poverty — per capita income is less than $ 1.25 a day — and trees are a primary resource , used for everything from construction material to charcoal fuel .
So the potential boost to the regional economy and the government ’s 20 percent stake in the $ 940 million venture could be a windfall .
Add in the conservation efforts and Rio Tinto believes it has a model for mining in developing nations where commerce is often at odds with environmental protection .
“ We think if there is no economic development , there is no biodiversity conservation , and there will be no forest at all left along these coasts , ” Rabenantoandro said .
The company began planning in the Tolagnaro area in the late 1980s and now its biodiversity department has 80 full - time employees .
Mining is already underway near the Mandena forest location and planning is ongoing at two other locations nearby .
Rio Tinto has set aside some 2,500 acres in conservation zones at the three mine sites and is pledging to work with NGOs to protect thousands more acres not in the mining path .
Even more ambitiously , Rio Tinto is promising to literally regrow the forests it destroys with seedlings from its nursery .
In the Mandena preserve , researchers study seed dispersion and growing conditions .
They harvest seeds and track thousands of seedlings sprouting from little back plastic bags .
They also work with community members to police the new conservation zones and prohibit further cutting by local villagers .
At the mine , bulldozers clear land and a dredge digs beneath a manmade lake for ilmenite , which contains titanium dioxide , used in products ranging from paint to aircraft engines .
As the mine gobbles green space , it leaves behind sand dunes that Rio Tinto plans to restore to forest .
“ It ’s a huge challenge and people say it ’s impossible , ” Rabenantoandro said .
“ But we are going to put back the forest . ”
Rio Tinto has repeatedly drawn fire from environmental groups that suggest the conservation efforts are little more than window dressing .
The World Wildlife Fund ’s Niall O’Connor said the company should update its plans to protect more than the forest fractions currently set aside .
Rio Tinto does have support from the Missouri Botanical Garden , which conducted species inventories of the plants that will be destroyed .
Also , Britain ’s Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew is storing seeds for the future .
Last fall , Rio Tinto ’s efforts won a “ green mining ” award from the South African capital firm Nedbank .
“ The company has had about two decades to get things right , ” said Chris Birkinshaw of the Botanical Garden .
“ If any company has a chance of succeeding [ in rebuilding the forests ] , it really is Rio Tinto . ”
But some groups still argue the community is losing out .
A primary complaint from villagers , detailed in a book published in October by two NGOs , the Andrew Lees Trust and Panos London , is that Rio Tinto has cut off locals from their primary resource : the remaining pristine forest stands .
The company has planted fast - growing eucalyptus for villagers to eventually use in place of the forest , but locals say that the tree is not a suitable substitute .
And area fishermen allege Rio Tinto ruined a prime fishing ground , turning it from brackish to fresh water for mine use .
NGOs say company - offered job retraining is hardly compensation for lost traditional livelihoods .
Even Rio Tinto ’s higher than average employee salaries came with a downside — inflation .
The mine employed more than 4,000 people during construction and prices at markets doubled .
Now that the mine is operational at Mandena significantly fewer people are employed , yet prices have yet to fall , activists and community members said .
And while Rio Tinto has built schools and clinics , at least one school was unfurnished and a hospital remained unstaffed by the government , said Brett Massoud , the former head of Azafady , a prominent community group in Tolagnaro which is now working with the company on conservation plans .
“ In some ways they will create benefits to the region that would n’t have otherwise occurred , ” Massoud said .
“ But , I think , in other ways people are being adversely affected in ways they would n’t have otherwise been . ”
Little Stars for Little Wars
Similar to strategy games such as Phage Wars and Civilizations Wars .
Send your green units from star to star to conquer them and eliminate the red enemy .
Even opponents of birth control are “ going green ” these days .
The uber - right - wing American Life League , founded by Catholic activists in 1979 , launched a “ The Pill Kills ” campaign in 2008 , and this year shifted its message to “ The Pill Kills the Environment . ”
“ Study after study has shown how the chemicals from the pill discharge into our waterways and wreak havoc on the fish , ” says the campaign site , which is peppered with dour women in green T - shirts .
( Buy your own shirt for only $ 6.50 ! )
It ’s true — studies do show that the Pill has adverse effects on marine life , and that ’s also worrying for those of us who drink water .
It ’s just one of many reasons why we need new and better birth - control options , as I ’ve argued before .
But what the “ Pill Kills ” site does n’t make immediately clear is that the American Life League opposes all contraception of any kind ( other than the good ol ’ rhythm method ) .
If the group gave a rat ’s ass about the environment , it would acknowledge that unplanned pregnancies and resultant unplanned births ultimately lead to umpteen times more environmental degradation than the Pill .
The League wants you to protest the Pill “ outside of your local pharmacy , Planned Parenthood facility , doctor ’s office or at a busy intersection ” on June 5 , to mourn the anniversary of the 1965 Supreme Court ruling that affirmed the right of married couples to use birth control .
Might I recommend that you instead celebrate the anniversary with a glass of natural white wine and an email to your members of Congress calling for more Title X family - planning funding ?
Read more about population and option of going childfree :
EvilTeletubby Profile Blog Joined January 2004 Baltimore , USA 21796 Posts Last Edited : 2006-10-04 01:06:58 #
2
Dear reader ,
Here 's a compilation of tips for beginners who are interested in learning basic principles behind Starcraft .
The post is long but you do n't need to read every part to get started .
Just look at whichever sections are relevant to what you want to learn ; e.g. the latter half of the post is mostly just explanation of theory that you may or may not be interested in .
As a general caveat , there are exceptions to every rule , so I 'm not claiming these are always the right thing to do .
They are just good principles to follow absent any compelling reason not to ; as you get better , you 'll start recognizing when to deviate from certain rules .
THE " BIG FIVE " BASIC PRINCIPLES
Here are the five basic skills that I think every new player should start out trying to get decently good at .
1 ) Always be building peons ( SCV / drone / probe ) from your town hall ( town hall ( CC / hatchery / Nexus ) and put the peons to use on minerals / gas .
Do n't ever stop .
Your CC / Nexus should always be flashing , your main hatchery should always have at least one drone building from larva .
If you need to queue up peons , do it , but try to avoid having to do that since it ties up resources .
When you get gas , typically put a maximum of 4 peons on it if unless it 's far away from your hall .
2 ) Never be held back by your supply limit .
Always build supply early enough in advance so that you 're not waiting for your next depot / overlord / pylon .
E.G. Generally you should start building your first depot / overlord / pylon when your supply reads 8 .
In later game , build it much earlier if you 're pumping units faster .
3 ) Try to keep your resources as close to zero as possible by spending whatever income you 're getting .
If you have a barraks , make sure it 's always making marines .
If it 's making marines and you have leftover money in the bank , build another barraks or tech , expand , etc .
Just do n't let your money sit in the bank .
4 ) Dont make too much static defense ( cannons / bunkers / turrets / sunkens /etc . ) .
Build those minimally .
E.G. 2 - 3 cannons is about enough for each base you have , use mobiles for the rest of your defense .
If you follow steps 1 - 3 well , you should not have to build any static defense early .
In recreational play , never incorporate an early sunken / cannon / bunker into your regular build , you do not need it .
So , do not start off building a forge and cannons with Toss , make a gateway and zealots instead .
If you 're losing because of following this advice , ask on the forum and we 'll help you figure out what you 're doing wrong .
5 ) Scout early .
You 'll want to use either a peon or an overlord if you 're Zerg .
When your supply reads 10 , take a peon off your resources and send him around the map .
Just hold down shift and click on various spots on the minimap .
LEARNING THE GAME
I would recommend the following steps to actually getting better at the game , working your way up from first computer opponents to real ones .
1 ) Go through the single player campaigns , at least the Terran one , they 're fun and they teach you various basics .
Make sure you log onto b. net at least once so you can get patched to the latest version .
Do n't worry too much about strategy when going through this ; e.g. you may not be able to practice the Big Five in some missions if resources are limited or you 're forced to build a lot of static defense to survive .
2 ) Next , try playing some 1on1 's against the computer .
I would pick simple maps like ladder / LostTemple or Challenger .
Play until you can beat the computer consistently .
Stick with one race , I recommend Protoss because they have the simplest build / economy structure but any race is fine .
3 ) Then try playing 1on1 against the computer without building any static defense until you can consistently beat it .
Try to beat the computer as fast as possible , play aggressively and send your first units to attack when you get them , do n't let any units sit in your base doing nothing but instead be constantly on the offensive .
4 ) Get online and play against real opponents .
Start by creating " 1on1 newbies only " games and kick out anyone who has an appreciable record , or not if you do n't mind getting slaughtered .
If you lose , save the replay , watch it , and figure out what your opponent did that beat you .
Then try doing what he did against your next opponent .
This way you 're always copying people who are better than you .
If you need practice , you can always play against the comp and get good at executing your learned strategy until you 're comfortable with it .
5 ) If you can't get online and are creaming the computer regularly , try adding more computers .
1on2 should be manageable without having to build any static defense .
If you can't do 1on2 , do 2on3 where you ally yourself with one computer .
6 ) If you have specific questions about strats or things you 've seen , post them in this forum .
Do not post very generic questions like " How do I get better at Terran ? " , but rather stuff like , " My opponent made a bunch of wraiths in my last TvT game , I have no idea why but he did beat me , can you explain that strat ? "
Do not post those kinds of questions in this thread ; this post 's intention is to give a broad overview of general strats versus race - specific help such as counters and build orders .
THEORY OF ECONOMICS
Let me explain some of the rationale behind the Big Five now .
For basics , my philosophy is that economic management is the key to any RTS and thus should be the first thing you learn how to get good at .
If you can get money in as fast as possible , and spend it as fast as possible , then you 'll do pretty well , and that 's what the Big Five focuses on .
If on the other hand , your opponent attacks you and you die with 1000 minerals in the bank , that 's wasted money that could have e.g. been another 10 zealots or what not and you may have survived the attack .
Making peons constantly means that you are getting resources as fast as possible .
Peons make up for their cost very quickly .
There is a limit to the number of useful peons you can have especially on smaller maps since only one peon can mine minerals at once , but I would n't worry about that for now .
Most newer players forget to make peons and thus never come anywhere close to reaching that point .
If you are oversaturated , it 's no big deal at the recreational level .
At recreational level , I also believe it is more important to make sure you 're spending your money on SOMETHING , versus fretting about the best unit or tactic to use .
We can talk about specific tactics for race matchups , but that 's more advanced and is likely to cause you to focus more on advanced stuff versus making sure you have the basics .
I could e.g. teach you one tactic that can win you most of your newbie games with little effort , but that does n't buy you much in the long run .
Instead , for now , just make sure you build anything with your money so that it does n't sit around in your bank account .
Good things to spend your money on include : 1 ) more units 2 ) more unit- producing buildings like rax / gateway / hatcheries 3 ) upgrades 4 ) expansions ( building a CC / Nexus / hatchery near another group of minerals ) .
For Protoss , for example , you 'll start off making probes and probably build your first gateway .
When that gateway is done , start making zealots out of it while you 're still making probes and pylons .
At some point , you 'll have enough money to build another gateway , an assimilator for gas , or a cybernetics core for tech .
Does n't matter what you make , just choose one of those and build it .
In later game , the principle is usually :
1 ) Look at your production buildings , make sure they 're all making something ( zealot , goon , carrier , whatever ) .
2 ) If they are all making units and you still have enough money for another production building , start on one .
It 's not uncommon in later game for you to have 10 gateways by this principle , especially if you 're playing on large maps with lots of resources .
As a general principle , try to avoid queueing for creating units as Terran / Toss , because this ties up resources .
If you queue up 5 SCVs in your CC , that means there is 4 SCV's worth of minerals that 's waiting to be used but is not actively being used , this is 200/0 worth of resources that could be going towards your next barraks or supply depot immediately .
For a more extreme example , suppose you have one starport with 5 battlecruisers queued up .
Four of those battlecruisers are n't actually being built so the queue is just tying up resources .
You should instead have 3 starports building 1 battlecruiser each .
Queues are a convenience but have their drawbacks .
In late game , you can't be producing at 100 % efficiency such that you start a new unit everytime the previous is finished , and you 'll probably have some surplus of resources so queueing may not tie up your resources significantly .
But at least in early game , try to never have more than 2 units , even if that , in your production queue .
SCOUTING
As you do get better and start figuring out what to build , that 's when scouting becomes important .
You send an early scout out for two reasons .
One is to start getting to know the map , even from basics such as whether you 're on a land or island .
The second is to find your opponent 's base and get some idea of what he 's doing , such as what race he is .
In advanced play , recon is very important , as most decisions are not made blindly .
Heavy emphasis is placed on figuring out some way to take a peek at what your opponent is doing and then to adjust what you 're doing based on that .
STATIC DEFENSE
Static defense is all structures that have an attack .
A common question is , " Why not build a lot of cannons and static defense ?
Cannons are great units -- they detect , fire at land and air , have awesome range , and straight up will kill units better than most other Toss units for the same cost . "
Cannons are deliberately made better than mobile units where the tradeoff is that they DON'T MOVE .
You can not beat your opponent by having a well defended base .
A good opponent will see this and just leave you alone while taking expansion spots around the rest of the map .
Remember that at your level of play , economics has a huge impact on winning or losing .
If your opponent has 2 bases and you have 1 , it does n't matter how well defended your base is , you 're going to lose in the long run .
Sadly , playing single player missions tends to encourage mass static defense .
Building cannons works great against the computer because it'll just mindlessly throw forces at your cannons and get them slaughtered .
Some single player missions are in fact very hard to beat without building static defense .
This encourages very bad habits for multiplayer .
The computer is n't smart enough to figure out that it should just ignore your cannons .
You can build a bunch of tanks and bunkers and then go out to lunch , and when you come back the computer will have no units and no resources because it wasted them all against your defenses .
Players will not do this , though .
Getting more concrete , suppose you start out building 3 cannons early .
That 's great defense and your opponent will see this when he scouts you .
This is good news for him though because he knows you 've been spending money on defense versus mobile units so he 's safe from being attacked by you .
3 cannons is a bit more cost than a Nexus , so this means that if you both are getting resources at the same rate , he can for that same money plop down a Nexus at the nearest resource node for free .
Now you 're essentially going to be fighting one base against two , and you will lose unless out of some miracle .
MAPS
I will now address the issue of map choice , as an addendum in response to comments below .
My intention is not to make a strong statement that will cause controversy , but to share some knowledge that can help you make informed decisions .
There are generally two broad classifications of maps , so - called normal maps versus money maps .
Money maps have overwhelming resources , enough that you will never have to worry about expanding or running dry .
This includes zero clutter map , big game hunters , and fastest maps .
Money maps simplify the game in many ways because you can focus just on one base strategies .
And it makes some parts of basic skills more challenging because , for example , it 's much hardeer to keep your resources near zero and it's not atypical to max out on 200 supply and still have near infinite amount of resources .
On the other hand , money maps tend to reward strategies that are typically not feasible in other games , such as turtling ( building a lot of static defense ) and teching to capital units such as carriers , i.e. " turtle & tech " .
If you folow the Big Five principle on those maps , you should still have an advantage over someone who does not because e.g. he builds many cannons .
But , it is far easier at a beginner level to win by turtle & tech than to play conventionally , so money maps tend to favor these kinds of tactics at that level .
The type of map and experience you choose for yourself is up to you , and e.g. the vast majority of recreational Starcraft players prefer money maps because those simply the game to an extent that they do n't have to learn some aspects of the Big Five .
My only strong recommendation is that you start with land maps , since island maps add a whole new level of complexity and at beginner level usually involve memorizing some canned build order and attack regardless of the situation .
RUSHING
One of the frustrating parts about Starcraft is learning to defend against rushes .
Even new players can learn some build order that will work against most players since some attacks are easier to execute than defend against .
A common one is a zergling rush where you do n't make any drones and just build an early spawning pool , this is a " do or die " attack but it often works against recreational players .
If you follow the Big Five , you should be well equipped to deal with any early game attack .
If you are attacked before you have many units , use your workers for defense .
If you are attacked and have units but do n't have enough , the solution is NEVER to build static defense .
Watch the replay and see how he got so many units , it 's likely that he either has better economy management , or more unit producing structures .
For example , if you build a cybernetics core and gas for tech and he builds 2 gateways , then you will probably get run over by superior forces .
Just modify your build order next time so that you do n't tech as fast , but instead make early units .
Just remember , there is NEVER a need a to build static defense to stop early rushes in recreational level .
You should always be able to adjust your build or use workers .
ADVANCED PLAY
If you want to learn more about advanced tactics , I would recommend watching replays on sites such as WGTour (
CONCLUSIONS
Overall , pay attention to your resources and learn by watching your opponent 's replays when you get beat .
Ask questions here for anything you 're confused about .
Check out the Starcraft Compendium ( If you 're looking for generic advice to give out , I might suggest a post Shockwave [ xpow ] made that got stickied in the B.net forums ; Dear reader , Here 's a compilation of tips for beginners who are interested in learning basic principles behind Starcraft .
The post is long but you do n't need to read every part to get started .
Just look at whichever sections are relevant to what you want to learn ; e.g. the latter half of the post is mostly just explanation of theory that you may or may not be interested in .
As a general caveat , there are exceptions to every rule , so I 'm not claiming these are always the right thing to do .
They are just good principles to follow absent any compelling reason not to ; as you get better , you 'll start recognizing when to deviate from certain rules .
Here are the five basic skills that I think every new player should start out trying to get decently good at .1 )
Always be building peons ( SCV / drone / probe ) from your town hall ( town hall ( CC / hatchery / Nexus ) and put the peons to use on minerals / gas .
Do n't ever stop .
Your CC / Nexus should always be flashing , your main hatchery should always have at least one drone building from larva .
If you need to queue up peons , do it , but try to avoid having to do that since it ties up resources .
When you get gas , typically put a maximum of 4 peons on it if unless it 's far away from your hall .
2 ) Never be held back by your supply limit .
Always build supply early enough in advance so that you 're not waiting for your next depot / overlord / pylon .
E.G. Generally you should start building your first depot / overlord / pylon when your supply reads 8 .
In later game , build it much earlier if you 're pumping units faster .
3 ) Try to keep your resources as close to zero as possible by spending whatever income you 're getting .
If you have a barraks , make sure it 's always making marines .
If it 's making marines and you have leftover money in the bank , build another barraks or tech , expand , etc .
Just do n't let your money sit in the bank .
4 ) Dont make too much static defense ( cannons / bunkers / turrets / sunkens /etc . ) .
Build those minimally .
E.G. 2 - 3 cannons is about enough for each base you have , use mobiles for the rest of your defense .
If you follow steps 1 - 3 well , you should not have to build any static defense early .
In recreational play , never incorporate an early sunken / cannon / bunker into your regular build , you do not need it .
So , do not start off building a forge and cannons with Toss , make a gateway and zealots instead .
If you 're losing because of following this advice , ask on the forum and we 'll help you figure out what you 're doing wrong .
5 ) Scout early .
You 'll want to use either a peon or an overlord if you 're Zerg .
When your supply reads 10 , take a peon off your resources and send him around the map .
Just hold down shift and click on various spots on the minimap .
I would recommend the following steps to actually getting better at the game , working your way up from first computer opponents to real ones .
1 ) Go through the single player campaigns , at least the Terran one , they 're fun and they teach you various basics .
Make sure you log onto b. net at least once so you can get patched to the latest version .
Do n't worry too much about strategy when going through this ; e.g. you may not be able to practice the Big Five in some missions if resources are limited or you 're forced to build a lot of static defense to survive .
2 ) Next , try playing some 1on1 's against the computer .
I would pick simple maps like ladder / LostTemple or Challenger .
Play until you can beat the computer consistently .
Stick with one race , I recommend Protoss because they have the simplest build / economy structure but any race is fine .
3 ) Then try playing 1on1 against the computer without building any static defense until you can consistently beat it .
Try to beat the computer as fast as possible , play aggressively and send your first units to attack when you get them , do n't let any units sit in your base doing nothing but instead be constantly on the offensive .
4 )
Get online and play against real opponents .
Start by creating " 1on1 newbies only " games and kick out anyone who has an appreciable record , or not if you do n't mind getting slaughtered .
If you lose , save the replay , watch it , and figure out what your opponent did that beat you .
Then try doing what he did against your next opponent .
This way you 're always copying people who are better than you .
If you need practice , you can always play against the comp and get good at executing your learned strategy until you 're comfortable with it .5 )
If you can't get online and are creaming the computer regularly , try adding more computers .
1on2 should be manageable without having to build any static defense .
If you can't do 1on2 , do 2on3 where you ally yourself with one computer .
6 )
If you have specific questions about strats or things you 've seen , post them in this forum .
Do not post very generic questions like " How do I get better at Terran ? " , but rather stuff like , " My opponent made a bunch of wraiths in my last TvT game , I have no idea why but he did beat me , can you explain that strat ? "
Do not post those kinds of questions in this thread ; this post 's intention is to give a broad overview of general strats versus race - specific help such as counters and build orders .
Let me explain some of the rationale behind the Big Five now .
For basics , my philosophy is that economic management is the key to any RTS and thus should be the first thing you learn how to get good at .
If you can get money in as fast as possible , and spend it as fast as possible , then you 'll do pretty well , and that 's what the Big Five focuses on .
If on the other hand , your opponent attacks you and you die with 1000 minerals in the bank , that 's wasted money that could have e.g. been another 10 zealots or what not and you may have survived the attack .
Making peons constantly means that you are getting resources as fast as possible .
Peons make up for their cost very quickly .
There is a limit to the number of useful peons you can have especially on smaller maps since only one peon can mine minerals at once , but I would n't worry about that for now .
Most newer players forget to make peons and thus never come anywhere close to reaching that point .
If you are oversaturated , it 's no big deal at the recreational level .
At recreational level , I also believe it is more important to make sure you 're spending your money on SOMETHING , versus fretting about the best unit or tactic to use .
We can talk about specific tactics for race matchups , but that 's more advanced and is likely to cause you to focus more on advanced stuff versus making sure you have the basics .
I could e.g. teach you one tactic that can win you most of your newbie games with little effort , but that does n't buy you much in the long run .
Instead , for now , just make sure you build anything with your money so that it does n't sit around in your bank account .
Good things to spend your money on include : 1 ) more units 2 ) more unit- producing buildings like rax / gateway / hatcheries 3 ) upgrades 4 ) expansions ( building a CC / Nexus / hatchery near another group of minerals ) .
For Protoss , for example , you 'll start off making probes and probably build your first gateway .
When that gateway is done , start making zealots out of it while you 're still making probes and pylons .
At some point , you 'll have enough money to build another gateway , an assimilator for gas , or a cybernetics core for tech .
Does n't matter what you make , just choose one of those and build it .
In later game , the principle is usually : 1) Look at your production buildings , make sure they 're all making something ( zealot , goon , carrier , whatever ) .
2 ) If they are all making units and you still have enough money for another production building , start on one .
It 's not uncommon in later game for you to have 10 gateways by this principle , especially if you 're playing on large maps with lots of resources .
As a general principle , try to avoid queueing for creating units as Terran / Toss , because this ties up resources .
If you queue up 5 SCVs in your CC , that means there is 4 SCV's worth of minerals that 's waiting to be used but is not actively being used , this is 200/0 worth of resources that could be going towards your next barraks or supply depot immediately .
For a more extreme example , suppose you have one starport with 5 battlecruisers queued up .
Four of those battlecruisers are n't actually being built so the queue is just tying up resources .
You should instead have 3 starports building 1 battlecruiser each .
Queues are a convenience but have their drawbacks .
In late game , you can't be producing at 100 % efficiency such that you start a new unit everytime the previous is finished , and you 'll probably have some surplus of resources so queueing may not tie up your resources significantly .
But at least in early game , try to never have more than 2 units , even if that , in your production queue .
As you do get better and start figuring out what to build , that 's when scouting becomes important .
You send an early scout out for two reasons .
One is to start getting to know the map , even from basics such as whether you 're on a land or island .
The second is to find your opponent 's base and get some idea of what he 's doing , such as what race he is .
In advanced play , recon is very important , as most decisions are not made blindly .
Heavy emphasis is placed on figuring out some way to take a peek at what your opponent is doing and then to adjust what you 're doing based on that .
Static defense is all structures that have an attack .
A common question is , " Why not build a lot of cannons and static defense ?
Cannons are great units -- they detect , fire at land and air , have awesome range , and straight up will kill units better than most other Toss units for the same cost . "
Cannons are deliberately made better than mobile units where the tradeoff is that they DON'T MOVE .
You can not beat your opponent by having a well defended base .
A good opponent will see this and just leave you alone while taking expansion spots around the rest of the map .
Remember that at your level of play , economics has a huge impact on winning or losing .
If your opponent has 2 bases and you have 1 , it does n't matter how well defended your base is , you 're going to lose in the long run .
Sadly , playing single player missions tends to encourage mass static defense .
Building cannons works great against the computer because it'll just mindlessly throw forces at your cannons and get them slaughtered .
Some single player missions are in fact very hard to beat without building static defense .
This encourages very bad habits for multiplayer .
The computer is n't smart enough to figure out that it should just ignore your cannons .
You can build a bunch of tanks and bunkers and then go out to lunch , and when you come back the computer will have no units and no resources because it wasted them all against your defenses .
Players will not do this , though .
Getting more concrete , suppose you start out building 3 cannons early .
That 's great defense and your opponent will see this when he scouts you .
This is good news for him though because he knows you 've been spending money on defense versus mobile units so he 's safe from being attacked by you .
3 cannons is a bit more cost than a Nexus , so this means that if you both are getting resources at the same rate , he can for that same money plop down a Nexus at the nearest resource node for free .
Now you 're essentially going to be fighting one base against two , and you will lose unless out of some miracle .
I will now address the issue of map choice , as an addendum in response to comments below .
My intention is not to make a strong statement that will cause controversy , but to share some knowledge that can help you make informed decisions .
There are generally two broad classifications of maps , so - called normal maps versus money maps .
Money maps have overwhelming resources , enough that you will never have to worry about expanding or running dry .
This includes zero clutter map , big game hunters , and fastest maps .
Money maps simplify the game in many ways because you can focus just on one base strategies .
And it makes some parts of basic skills more challenging because , for example , it 's much hardeer to keep your resources near zero and it's not atypical to max out on 200 supply and still have near infinite amount of resources .
On the other hand , money maps tend to reward strategies that are typically not feasible in other games , such as turtling ( building a lot of static defense ) and teching to capital units such as carriers , i.e. " turtle & tech " .
If you folow the Big Five principle on those maps , you should still have an advantage over someone who does not because e.g. he builds many cannons .
But , it is far easier at a beginner level to win by turtle & tech than to play conventionally , so money maps tend to favor these kinds of tactics at that level .
The type of map and experience you choose for yourself is up to you , and e.g. the vast majority of recreational Starcraft players prefer money maps because those simply the game to an extent that they do n't have to learn some aspects of the Big Five .
My only strong recommendation is that you start with land maps , since island maps add a whole new level of complexity and at beginner level usually involve memorizing some canned build order and attack regardless of the situation .
One of the frustrating parts about Starcraft is learning to defend against rushes .
Even new players can learn some build order that will work against most players since some attacks are easier to execute than defend against .
A common one is a zergling rush where you do n't make any drones and just build an early spawning pool , this is a " do or die " attack but it often works against recreational players .
If you follow the Big Five , you should be well equipped to deal with any early game attack .
If you are attacked before you have many units , use your workers for defense .
If you are attacked and have units but do n't have enough , the solution is NEVER to build static defense .
Watch the replay and see how he got so many units , it 's likely that he either has better economy management , or more unit producing structures .
For example , if you build a cybernetics core and gas for tech and he builds 2 gateways , then you will probably get run over by superior forces .
Just modify your build order next time so that you do n't tech as fast , but instead make early units .
Just remember , there is NEVER a need a to build static defense to stop early rushes in recreational level .
You should always be able to adjust your build or use workers .
If you want to learn more about advanced tactics , I would recommend watching replays on sites such as WGTour ( http://www.wgtour.com/rep.php?datab=broodwar ) .
Just click on the replays and save them to your " maps " directory .
Watch how the pros play , and ask questions here about things you do n't understand and we 'll be happy to explain .
Overall , pay attention to your resources and learn by watching your opponent 's replays when you get beat .
Ask questions here for anything you 're confused about .
Check out the Starcraft Compendium ( http://www.battle.net/scc/ ) since it overall has pretty good advice .
Get good at the Big Five .
Watch your replays afterward to make sure you are actually building peons nonstop and that you 're not letting money stockpile .
Good luck .
Moderator http://carbonleaf.yuku.com/topic/408/t/So-I-proposed-at-a-Carbon-Leaf-concert.html
***** RIP Geoff
Welcome to Crazy Porn on WWW dot PORNOISY dot COM daily updated with Best Free Porn Videos , Amateur Videos , Extreme Videos , Dirty Movie , Free MILF Sex , Mom Videos and Teen at Crazy Porn ! for your viewing pleasure
Mac and Linux users are still being asked to hold their horses , but Windows loyalists can begin testing out that hotly - anticipated group video calling feature today .
Skype 's latest beta , which was detailed earlier in the month , is now available to download for those willing to take the risk , with Skype 5.0 Beta adding support for " group video calls with up to four people . "
Hit that source link to get things rolling , and be sure to drop us a line once you and your four besties have had a chance to give 'er a go .
I ’d like to advance a hypothesis : Despite all the excitement surrounding social media , the Internet is n’t connecting us as much as we think it is .
It ’s largely home to weak , artificial connections , what I call thin relationships .
During the subprime bubble , banks and brokers sold one another bad debt — debt that could n’t be made good on .
Today , “ social ” media is trading in low - quality connections — linkages that are unlikely to yield meaningful , lasting relationships .
Call it relationship inflation .
Nominally , you have a lot more relationships — but in reality , few , if any , are actually valuable .
Just as currency inflation debases money , so social inflation debases relationships .
The very word “ relationship ” is being cheapened .
It used to mean someone you could count on .
Today , it means someone you can swap bits with .
Thin relationships are the illusion of real relationships .
Real relationships are patterns of mutual investment .
I invest in you , you invest in me .
Parents , kids , spouses — all are multiple digit investments , of time , money , knowledge , and attention .
The “ relationships ” at the heart of the social bubble are n’t real because they ’re not marked by mutual investment .
At most , they ’re marked by a tiny chunk of information or attention here or there .
Here ’s what lends support to my hypothesis .
Trust .
If we take social media at face value , the number of friends in the world has gone up a hundredfold .
But have we seen an accompanying rise in trust ?
I ’d argue no .
Now , perhaps it will take time for gains to be visibly felt .
But social networks have already been around for half a decade , and society seems to be little better off .
Disempowerment .
If social tools were creating real economic gains , we ’d expect to see a substitution effect .
They ’d replace — disintermediate — yesterday ’s gatekeepers .
Yet , increasingly , they are empowering gatekeepers .
Your favorite social networks are n’t disintermediating PR agencies , recruiters , and other kinds of brokers .
They ’re creating legions of new ones .
The internet itself is n’t disempowering government by giving voices to the traditionally voiceless ; it ’s empowering authoritarian states to limit and circumscribe freedom by radically lowering the costs of surveillance and enforcement .
So much for direct , unmediated relationships .
Hate .
There ’s this old trope : the Internet runs on love .
Equally , though , it ’s full of hate : irrational lashing - out at the nearest person , place , or thing that ’s just a little bit different .
Read any newspaper web comments sections lately ?
Usually , they ’re giant puddles of bile and venom .
Check out these emails to Floyd Norris .
Far from fueling meaningful conversation , today ’s “ social ” web is a world full of the linguistic equivalent of drive - by shootings .
Exclusion .
Hate happens , at least in part , because of homophily : birds of a feather flock together .
The result is that people self - organize into groups of like for like .
But rarely are the gaps between differences bridged .
Yet , that ’s where the most valuable relationships begin .
To be “ friends ” with 1000 people who are also obsessed with vintage 1960s glasses is n’t friendship — it ’s just a single , solitary shared interest .
Value .
The ultimate proof ’s in the pudding .
If the “ relationships ” created on today ’s Internet were valuable , perhaps people ( or advertisers ) might pay for the opportunity to enjoy them .
Yet , few , if any , do — anywhere , ever .
Conversely , because those “ relationships ” are n’t valuable , companies are , it is said , forced to try and monetize them in extractive , ethically questionable ways .
That ’s because there ’s no there there .
I can swap bits with pseudo - strangers at any number of sites .
“ Friends ” like that are a commodity — not a valuable , unique good .
What are the wages of relationship inflation ?
Three cancers eating away at the vitality of today ’s web .
First , attention is n’t allocated efficiently ; people discover less what they value than what everyone else likes , right this second .
Second , people invest in low - quality content .
Farmville ai n’t exactly Casablanca .
Third , and most damaging , is the ongoing weakening of the Internet as a force for good .
Not only is Farmville not Casablanca , it ’s not Kiva either .
One of the seminal examples of the promise of social media , Kiva allocates micro-credit more meaningfully .
By contrast , Farmville is largely socially useless .
It does n’t make kids tangibly better off ; it just makes advertisers better off .
Let ’s summarize .
On the demand side , relationship inflation creates beauty contest effects , where , just as every judge votes for the contestant they think the others will like the best , people transmit what they think others want .
On the supply side , relationship inflation creates popularity contest effects , where people ( and artists ) strive for immediate , visceral attention - grabs — instead of making awesome stuff .
The social is n’t about beauty contests and popularity contests .
They ’re a distortion , a caricature of the real thing .
It ’s about trust , connection , and community .
That ’s what there ’s too little of in today ’s mediascape , despite all the hoopla surrounding social tools .
The promise of the Internet was n’t merely to inflate relationships , without adding depth , resonance , and meaning .
It was to fundamentally rewire people , communities , civil society , business , and the state — through thicker , stronger , more meaningful relationships .
That ’s where the future of media lies .
Now , this is just a hypothesis .
Feel free to disagree with me , challenge me — or to extend and elaborate upon it .
Next time , I ’ll discuss what we can do about it .
Steve Jobs , 1996 : “ Good Artists Copy , Great Artists Steal ”
Oh , hello !
A trip to the YouTube wayback machine shows that 1996 ’s Steve “ Great Artists Steal ” Jobs might have taken issue with 2010 Steve Jobs , and his patent lawsuit firebombing of HTC .
Irony !
The comment was made during a 1996 PBS documentary called “ Triumph of the Nerds “ , and looks a smidge hypocritical in light of today ’s events .
As does this one : “ We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas . ” Goodness .
If that ’s true , then lawyering up against innovative competitors must be the one of the best ideas you ever heard .
In fact , compare the above to what Jobs said just today in the press release about the HTC lawsuit :
“ We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We ’ve decided to do something about it .
We think competition is healthy , but competitors should create their own original technology , not steal ours . ”
Emphasis added .
That ’s quite a 180 for a company and a man who have always been known for respecting and triumphing innovation .
A disappointing one , at that .
Update :
To clarify , and as is clear in the video , Jobs was quoting Pablo Picasso in the headlined quote .
The follow - up quote is all him .
[ YouTube via commenter Fractal the Meek ]
There 's nothing more frustrating than not being able to get your message across .
If you 're having a hard time making yourself understood , here 's something to help you communicate clearly and effectively .
On a piece of paper write a word like talk , speak , listen , voice , or understand backward .
Take your paper and go stand in front of a mirror - you can even use the bathroom mirror at work !
Look directly into your eyes in the mirror and say :
Jibber - jabber
Gobbledygook
Change the form that my thoughts took
Let me make my meaning plain
Let them hear my voice again
Now , hold the paper up to the mirror and read the word you wrote backward , then forward , and feel that power to reveal meaning settling over you .
Carry the paper with you to remind you of your ability to alleviate confusion .
Some , like Mr. Sinclair , have embraced this lifestyle , influenced by a growing sense of just how precarious traditional employment can be and reveling in the other benefits , like flexibility and diversity .
Others , however , would vastly prefer permanent jobs .
They have struggled to deal with the instability , the second - tier status often accorded contractors and other temporary workers and the usual lack of benefits .
In most states , they are ineligible for unemployment insurance and worker ’s compensation .
Indeed , it is not at all clear that the shift to these kinds of arrangements is good for workers .
Christine Reams , 45 , spent a dozen years as the director of human resources at a large hospital in Columbus , Ohio , but was laid off in July 2008 .
After struggling for more than a year to find a permanent job , she landed a contract assignment back at her former employer in September , this time in the information services department .
Initially , the position , which pays half of what she used to make , was supposed to last only six weeks , but the hospital has extended her contract several times .
Now past her sixth month , she is grateful for the work , but the uncertainty has weighed on her , so much so that she checked herself into the emergency room recently when her blood pressure soared .
Without health benefits , she had fretted over whether she would be extended again .
“ It ’s not permanent , ” she said of the assignment .
“ So I am not feeling secure . ”
Bob Longo , 47 , of Green Brook , N.J. , was laid off as a divisional sales training manager at Unilever in 2006 .
Since then , he has worked as an independent contractor , stringing together a relatively steady stream of assignments , often several at once .
But he has also had to deal with serious peaks and valleys , and he is now trying to find a permanent job .
Mr. Longo estimates that he has earned slightly more on an annual basis than he did at Unilever .
On the other hand , he no longer has health benefits , a company car , a pension or a 401 ( k ) .
Though he can use his wife ’s health insurance , he says he does not have the stomach anymore for the endless cycle of scrabbling for work every time he comes off a project .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nigerian President Umaru Yar 'Adua has died at his presidential villa following a long illness .
The government announced seven days of national mourning and said the president would be buried on Thursday .
Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan has been sworn in as head of state in a ceremony in the capital Abuja .
Mr Yar 'Adua , 58 , came to power in 2007 promising many reforms .
Analysts say he made the most progress in tackling unrest in the oil - rich Niger Delta .
Nigerian TV interrupted normal programming to announce the news in a brief statement early on Thursday .
ANALYSIS Martin Plaut , BBC World Service Africa editor
The uncertainty at the heart of Nigeria has been tremendously destabilising .
There has been considerable unrest in the central state of Jos recently with clashes between Muslims and Christians , and people put this down partly at least to the fact that there was not a firm hand at the centre of power .
Goodluck Jonathan is already exercising control .
He will take over .
But this does cause difficulties because there is a convention that this was the turn of the Nigerian Muslims from the north to control Nigeria and Goodluck Jonathan is from the south .
He will be taking over during the turn of the Nigerian northerners , the Muslims , to control Nigeria .
Obituary : President Umaru Yar 'Adua
The announcer said : " The president and commander - in - chief of the armed forces , Umaru Musa Yar 'Adua , died a few hours ago at the presidential villa .
" Security aides notified the national security adviser , General Anou Bissou , who immediately called the acting president .
The late president has been ill for some time . "
Government spokesman Olusegun Adeniyi said President Yar 'Adua died with his wife , Turai , at his side .
Shortly after Mr Yar 'Adua 's death was announced , people began arriving at the presidential villa in the capital Abuja to pay their condolences .
Mr Yar 'Adua will be buried in a Muslim ceremony later on Thursday in his home state of Katsina , in the north of the country .
A spokesman for Mr Jonathan said the acting president had received the news with " shock and sadness " .
" Nigeria has lost the jewel on its crown and even the heavens mourn with our nation tonight , " Mr Jonathan said in a statement .
He declared Thursday a holiday as part of the seven days of mourning .
Reports said Mr Yar 'Adua died between 2100 ( 2000 GMT ) and 2200 ( 2100 GMT ) on Wednesday in Abuja .
Obama tribute US President Barack Obama led tributes from world leaders .
Mr Obama praised " President Yar 'Adua 's profound personal decency and integrity , his deep commitment to public service , and his passionate belief in the vast potential and bright future of Nigeria 's 150 million people " .
UMARU YAR'ADUA
Born in northern Katsina state in 1951 University chemistry professor before entering politics Married , with nine children Elected president in 2007 promising reforms
Fell ill repeatedly while in office
Profile : Goodluck Jonathan Yar 'Adua dead : Your comments
In November , Mr Yar 'Adua went to a hospital in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , for several months , during which time he was not heard from , apart from a BBC interview .
He told the BBC by telephone in January that he was recovering and hoped with " tremendous progress " to resume his duties .
A presidential spokesman said at the time that he was being treated for acute pericarditis , an inflammation of the lining around the heart .
His long absence and the lack of detailed information about his health led to a political limbo in Nigeria that was only filled when Mr Jonathan was named acting president .
Mr Yar 'Adua returned to Nigeria later in February , but Mr Jonathan remained as acting president .
There had been tension between the two men's supporters and in March Mr Jonathan dissolved the cabinet and later put his own team in place .
According to Nigeria 's constitution , Mr Jonathan is to choose a deputy with whom he will serve out the remainder of the presidential term until elections , due next year .
Quiet man Mr Yar 'Adua 's election in 2007 marked the first transfer of power from one civilian president to another since Nigeria 's independence in 1960 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He came to power promising a long list of reforms , including tackling corruption and reforming the inadequate power sector and the flawed electoral system .
He made progress in banking reforms , but analysts say he made the most progress of his tenure in tackling unrest in the oil - rich Niger Delta , by offering an amnesty to rebels .
The BBC's Caroline Duffield , in Jos , central Nigeria , says President Yar 'Adua will be fondly remembered as a quiet and softly - spoken man whose integrity was respected .
But in his last months , it was clear he was too ill to take decisions himself .
His family and closest political advisers had faced severe criticism and were accused of using him to hold on to power , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The 30 - year long bond is sitting just 3 basis points away from hitting a 3 - handle and the yield on 5 - year treasuries is 1.94 after hitting 2.60 in April .
That is quite a reversal .
Yield on the 10 - year note is at 3.13 % a price last seen a year ago .
Meanwhile , Libor Shows Strain , Sales Dwindle , Spreads Soar
Corporate bond sales are poised for their worst month in a decade , while relative yields are rising the most since Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. ’s collapse , as the response by lawmakers to Europe ’s sovereign debt crisis fails to inspire investor confidence .
Companies have issued $ 47 billion of debt in May , down from $ 183 billion in April and the least since December 1999 , data compiled by Bloomberg show .
The extra yield investors demand to hold company debt rather than benchmark government securities is headed for the biggest monthly increase since October 2008 , Bank of America Merrill Lynch ’s Global Broad Market index shows .
Junk bonds issued in the U.S. have been especially hard hit , with spreads expanding 141 basis points this month to 702 , contributing to a loss of 3.78 percent .
Leveraged loans , or those rated speculative grade , have also tumbled .
The S&P / LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan 100
Index ended last week at 89.23 cents on the dollar , from 92.90 cents on April 26 .
Question of Solvency
JNK - Lehman High Yield Bond ETF
Comments from Rosenberg
US Treasuries Rally Across the Board
Yield Curve March 2008 Through May 2010
Spread the love
The practice of the yoni egg was kept secret and used only by the Asian concubines and emperors to ensure longevity , to keep them young and beautiful , full of energy and active sexuality .
Yoni eggs , as sold at yonieggs .co , are used to improve health , both physically and spiritually .
Exercises provide more force to lift sexual energy and distribute it to all the vital organs of the body .
The womb of a woman is the most powerful center of gravity in the body .
Unfortunately , it tends to focus on the negative energy that comes from the various disharmonious states we tend to accumulate , but through these exercises the negative energy is eliminated and replaced with a state of well - being and relaxation .
Yoni eggs can be used by any woman ( including during pregnancy ) to tonify the vagina and superficial muscles of the pelvic floor , acting on other involuntary muscles .
To know which gemstone yoni egg is best you need to go through its origin .
This practice comes from Asia and has been used for over 2,000 years .
The Chinese consider the sexual organs to be the center of our vital energy , the center that anchors us to the ground and sustains us to heaven .
Women who used this technique had no health problems , their beauty made them radiate a young air even if the years were saying something else .
There was more Chi energy that brought health .
It has been for years a practice that , besides the physical and spiritual benefits , has inspired many paintings that focused on the development of sexual energy .
The Chinese think that in the sexual energy it is at the basis of our lives and supports all profound processes of inner transformation , which is why they have pursued in their practices to cultivate this energy , to elevate it and transform it into spiritual energy .
The use of yoni eggs helps improve vaginal lubrication and moisture , for daily comfort , but also for sexual intercourse .
The daily use of yoni eggs for a few minutes , in the morning or before bedtime , improves the health of the reproductive organs .
Although most women try to ignore the fact that the vagina is an important anatomical part and just as keen as the skin or teeth , the truth is that the vagina needs attention and enjoys it when it is received .
Here are some tricks for a happy vagina .
Whether you have a sex partner or not , you need to know that the vagina needs sport .
Constant exercises for toning vaginal muscles , or Kegel exercises , are not a joke .
Even if you have a regular and satisfying sexual life , it does not seem to be enough to keep your vagina healthy and happy .
Specialists recommend purchasing a yoni egg or special beads for Kegel exercises ( can be purchased from any sex shop ) .
These devices are not only beneficial for maintaining vaginal tonus , but also for maintaining the ability to create lubrication .
The beads simply walk through your vagina and cause your vaginal walls to exercise .
Many women claim that when wearing Kegel beads or yoni eggs after a while they no longer see them as being present in the vagina .
In other words , use them with confidence ; they will not disturb you from daily activities .
You just have to be careful when you go to the toilet – it could fall .
At first , experts recommend wearing them at night during sleep .
You can wear these devices all day , they will not hurt you .
Experiment : it can be pleasant , not just healthy .
Use lubricants
Lubricants are friends of the vagina .
Whether you have already entered the menopause or have a hormonal imbalance , vaginal dryness is unpleasant and can cause problems , especially during sexual intercourse .
You should never let your partner use saliva to wet the area ( bacteria in his mouth may be dangerous to your vagina .
Sex does not have to be dry or painful , and the use of a good lubricant keeps you from these troubles and obviously makes your vagina happy .
Do not forget to use lubricant when using the jelly egg or Kegel beads that we talked about earlier .
Put your panties down !
Know that we do not joke at all : give your panties down , give up 24 to 24 hours .
Let your intimate area breathe .
She looks bold and crazy , but she tries to go out on a walk dressed with a long enough and matte skirt and sure , do not wake up as her wind rises or she can see her without wearing lingerie .
You will feel incredibly free !
Perhaps your abdomen wants to be tightly spandex or lycra , but your vagina wants cotton underwear or not at all .
Not to mention that you should not wear intimate underwear when you are at home , much less during your sleep !
Use sex toys
Perhaps it seems to you a bit daring advice , but your vagina will enjoy if you use sex toys that are inserted inside the vagina , such as vibrators or dildos .
Once again , please note that these tips are useful if you want to keep your vagina happy .
The best sex toys of this kind are those that have the texture that imitates human skin , they are made of a material that picks up and holds the heat and has little weight on its own .
Do not use scented soaps
Imagine your vagina is a delicate flower .
Scented soaps will dry and irritate the labia and the surrounding area .
Your vagina likes natural , unspoiled soaps and warm water .
The vagina is a self - cleaning organ , but you also need to wash yourself to avoid infections , pelvic inflammatory diseases and sexually transmitted diseases .
Bioactive concentrated foam for daily hygiene .
Gently cleanses without affecting the natural defense system of the tissue
Femi wash protects and maintain healthy tissues .
Cleanses / disinfects very effectively without disturbing the natural defenses of the vagina .
It contains lactic acid that allows the formation and improvement of vaginal acidity .
Lactobacillus growth is stimulated and , therefore , vaginal flora is improved .
Give your vagina pleasure !
You !
Masturbation gives the feeling of power to the woman who practices it , because when you know how to provoke an orgasm , you will not be afraid that your partner does not know how or that you need a partner to give you an orgasm .
If you are not used to giving the only pleasure , give yourself time to know your body and especially the vagina .
When a woman is well connected with her own vagina is actually connected with a creative energy force .
When a woman loves his vagina and makes his vagina happy , he can make the world happy .
Eat also for your vagina
It is said that certain foods are able to change the smell and taste of the vagina .
Obviously when you eat foods such as garlic , onion , asparagus or cabbage , the smell and taste of your vagina will change unpleasantly .
Try to consume more berries , cucumbers and pineapple – it is said that your vagina will smell better than ever and will , of course , be happy for this reason .
Keep the food away from the vagina
In spite of what you see through more or less erotic movies , to make your vagina happy , food should be eaten not put into the vagina .
Therefore , sexual games with whipped cream , chocolate syrup , fruit , ice cream or other foods should come out of your sexual practice .
These games only make you prone to genital infections , urinary tract infections , mycosis and other local problems .
This is , on the surface , the tale of the lamest NFL Draft party of all time .
But it 's also a story about class and about fans who project their own anxieties on their favorite teams and about teams that respond in kind .
Advertisement
This is why we can't have nice things .
A lifelong Jets ticketholder , whom we 'll refer to as Jeff — " If possible I 'd prefer my story to remain anonymous , " he wrote to us .
" I would n't want my tickets revoked " — passed along a tragic tale of his grandfather , the Jets , the Giants , and the side - by - side draft parties that told you everything you need to know about either team .
Advertisement
It all started in 1964 , when Jeff 's grandfather and his " fellow working class , Irish drinking buddies " began attending games at Shea Stadium for the brand new expansion team New York Mets .
The Jets played at Shea then , and his grandfather became enamored with Gang Green over numerous casual beers with some of the players during summer Mets games .
That year , he switched his allegiances from the Giants and bought Jets season tickets .
" He liked the Jets because they felt like him , " Jeff explained .
New York football fans have long ascribed these sorts of distinct personalities to their two hometown teams , with the Giants typecast as the tonier " establishment " franchise and the Jets the young Everyman scrappers , perennially down on their luck .
That the two shared " Giants Stadium " could not be better scripted .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But that stadium is now a thing of the past .
A lead piece in the Wall Street Journal last week examined the " forced marriage " between the two teams , a union that has been tested of late as the unhappy couple tries to build their new broken home .
The article has the obligatory good - ol ' - boy wistfulness ( Wellington Mara , bless his dear heart , and Leon Hess agreed to shack up over " lunch in a back room at La Caravelle " ) , not to mention a whiff of that " white guys drive like this , black guys drive like that " stuff so beloved by the Journal ( the newspaper does with class signifiers what Sinbad did with race . )
And then comes the adorable hate - flirting between the two teams :
When the Giants demanded access to the high - end portable toilets the Jets had brought in for tailgaters , the Jets demanded they help cover the costs .
The Giants responded , as the leaseholder , by ordering the Jets to remove the toilets immediately .
Ultimately , state officials had to intervene .
Advertisement
" I 'll turn this car around right now ! " is what the state officials probably said .
This article , part of the Journal 's shiny new " Greater New York " section focusing on local culture , real estate , media , and sports , was a fittingly meta way to commence publication .
A week ago Monday , the Journal took a break from crowing pugnaciously about its new toy to actually , you know , launch the damn thing .
It was a festive occasion , culminating in Rupert Murdoch " swatt[ing ] the air disgustedly " during a celebratory fete and saying , of rival New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. : " He should get a life . "
Advertisement
It was the latest in a series of spastic open - palmed slaps — passive - aggressive photo selection , allegations of plagiarism , poached reporters , prissy memos — thrown between the overlords of the two media empires .
Considering the noxious fumes of petty rivalry that Murdoch presumably has piped in through the newsroom vents —
I 'm guessing that 's what the fuck Robert Thomson meant by " argy - bargy , " at any rate ? — it was unsurprising and altogether fitting that the lead sports story in the inaugural Greater New York issue was itself about some local bitchitude .
And it , in turn , begat more meows : Reacting to news that Jim Baumbach said thanks - but - no - thanks to the Journal after just a few weeks and returned to his native Newsday , Giants rep Pat Hanlon Twittered derisively , " Would 've done U - Turn too after ystrdys NYG - NYJ piece . "
For decades , Jeff 's grandfather and his five sons attended game after game in their Shea Stadium seats .
( Their sister , Jeff 's mother , was n't allowed . )
The team moved to the Meadowlands , and the family got an " ideal " location : on the lowest level behind the Jets sideline , just under the mezzanine overhang and right on the aisle .
Advertisement
By the mid-naughties the tickets had been bequeathed to Jeff … just in time for the talk of a new stadium for which funds would be raised , in part , by the implementation of the dreaded personal seat license system .
Long - time season ticketholders would pay large sums of money — up to $ 27,500 — to maintain primo seating .
And that did n't include the per -game ticket costs .
According to the Journal it was the Jets , in all their overcompensating snobbery , that had agitated for the " sleek " state - of - the - art stadium — the Giants had lobbied for a " more traditional brick structure " — whose costs ended up ballooning to the $ 1.6 billion that necessitated the cushion provided by the PSLs .
And so Jeff 's own costs inflated :
At $ 10,000 a seat plus a per game jump of 195 % , we could n't justify it .
However , the Jets allowed people to move to the 3rd level of the new stadium based on seniority .
Because our account began in their inaugural season at Shea in 1964 , we thought we were good .
Wrong .
The Jets only had records from 1977 on .
Therefore , whether someone got their tickets in the fall of 1976 or the summer of 1964 , everyone was equal .
Advertisement
It 's not surprising that the Jets office bungled this process , although it 's particularly painful that their halfassed recordkeeping most directly screwed over their longest - running ticketholders .
The WSJ's Odd Couple piece shows that from the very start , the team viewed the PSLs as something of an act now !
moneymaking gimmick rather than a distasteful ( if lucrative ) fundraise that could not be avoided .
The latter was the view of the Giants , who finally acquiesced to the Jets ' idea in mid-2008 with the economy on the cusp of freefall , but not before pulling a move so bitchily undermining that it ought to be incorporated into the curriculum at the Nightingale - Bamford School for Girls .
Via the WSJ again :
In June 2008 , however , the Giants scheduled a conference call without telling the Jets .
During the call , Mr. Mara announced that the team would sell the licenses — but added that the Giants regretted the move and were even remorseful about the effect it might have on their fans .
The call left the Jets steaming .
Team officials say the team had planned a marketing campaign spinning the sale as a positive thing : an opportunity for their fans to join an exclusive club and own an asset that could appreciate over time .
Advertisement
With the cover charge for this " exclusive club " prohibitively steep , Jeff ended up downgrading to season tickets " about 6 miles away from the field " that did not require him to purchase a PSL .
Which is why , when he got an email touting a posh draft party at the Meadowlands ' Gridiron Club for all PSL owners , he knew something was up :
Knowing that I was n't a PSL owner and that this email had been sent to me in error , I immediately responded that I would love to go and I would be bringing a guest .
I wanted this to blow up in their face .
It did .
About 3 hours later I received an apology email stating that it had been sent in error , that another corrected email would go to PSL owners , and that there were a limited number of tickets available to the General Public with a link attached .
I followed the link , got 4 tickets and was happy .
I figured they made good on a screw up .
Wrong .
Advertisement
With three friends , Jeff made the great schlep to Jersey , " expecting a nice indoor lounge with flatscreens , " he said .
" What we got was something that looked like a concrete cave …
It was a wind tunnel , basically outside , with $ 9 beers . "
Adding insult to injury was a nearby escalator , guarded by a fleet of team personnel , escorting PSL - holder guests up to the fancier — and free - er — VIP lounge .
And then there were the sales reps .
" You could n't walk five feet without tripping over one of them , " said Jeff 's buddy , whom we 'll refer to as Sean .
" All they were interested in doing was selling more seats .
It was the fucking men's warehouse in there . "
( Jeff had his own smarmy descriptors : " They looked like 27 year old young male clones that you always see at Enterprise Rent - A - Car or from a scene in Boiler Room , " he said . )
Advertisement
Bored and antsy , Sean broke free of the shackles , slipping past a rope barrier leading further into the stadium and finding himself alone on the second floor concourse , where he walked halfway around the stadium to where the Giants draft party was being held .
So I say fuck it , head down , and see if I can get in .
No one gives me a second look , I head into a pretty nice looking club .
Bunch of people milling around , eating , watching the 40 inch flatscreens all over the walls .
I 'm greeted immediately by some Budweiser chick hawking Bud Wheat .
Free booze .
Nice .
I head over to the salads , grilled chicken heros , huge meatball subs , pizza , hot dogs , and a ton of other food .
I grab a dog with the works , and again , it 's all complimentary .
I 'm blown away .
The spread is better , and then there 's a full bar in the middle .
Absolutely everything on the Giants side is free .
On top of that , besides an info table , I did n't see one ticket rep on the Giants side .
Advertisement
Before returning to his friends , who were still stranded in the green - and - white concrete wasteland , Sean " looped back around so I 'd end up at the top of the forbidden escalator on the Jets side , " he said .
" The Giants side was nice , but this place was unreal .
Wood everything , big sofas and chairs , 3 or 4 different food stations and a huge bar . "
There was even a crackling fireplace , though no plush bearskin rugs .
It was also far more sparsely populated than the Giants section , since the lay season ticketholders were sequestered outside .
Advertisement
Sean returned , four beers deep , to his friends .
" My fury had peaked at this point , " said Jeff .
" While he was gone I had four beers as well , but for $ 36 .
I lamented over an $ 8.50 meatball sub . "
The group figured they'd try once again to infiltrate the Giants section , but this time they were met at the door — to be not interrogated , but greeted with drinks .
Jeff was n't hungry , but he ate a second hoagie on principle .
" I decided to average out my meatball sandwich to $ 4.25 each by eating another that did n't cost a penny , " he said .
" It was glorious . "
We had just been treated like lepers on the Dark Side only to be treated like Kings in the promised land .
One of the cooks was closing up around 10:00 and came up to us , unprompted and said , " Hey guys , I 'm closing up .
Want some sandwiches for the road ? "
WTF ?
I was blown away .
Then I was pissed .
I thought of my Grandfather , I thought of how many times he found the money he did n't have to pay for his seats .
I thought of him telling me how he met some Jets players in a bar inside of Shea Stadium , and had a beer with them .
He told me how the ushers at Shea would treat you with respect whether you had a suit and a box seat , or some workboots , ripped jeans and bleacher seat .
Hoodwinked by the Jets and their sales creeps .
Blown away by the Giants and their class .
What a difference in how to treat somebody .
Advertisement
I 'll preempt your jaded rancor by saying it now :
In the grand scheme of life , Jeff 's story is deserving of only the world 's smallest violin , played by Phil Mushnick .
Plus , who actually travels to the Meadowlands for a draft party anyway ?
Advertisement
But consider the history :
The Jets organization has long alternately prided and martyred itself on existing in the shadow of the Giants , on being the working - class team .
The WSJ catfight article calls the Jets " the poor sister , " though the term I 've heard used more often is " second - class citizens . "
( The most recent wails of which came after a secret coin toss by Roger Goodell — he 's been taking lessons in totalitarian rule from David Stern , no doubt — granted the Giants the new stadium 's first game . )
Like most second - class citizens — your fat playground bully , your doucherapey frat boy — the Jets organization flexes its muscles at the weakest creatures within reach : in this case , its own fans , the loyal sacks who 've endured decades of failure in someone else 's stadium for no reason other than that 's what their fathers did , and their grandfathers too .
These fans should be eagerly anticipating the season after last year 's playoff surge , but instead of looking forward to The Sanchize and Rex Ryan on Hard Knocks they 're too busy battling insult and injury .
Advertisement
It 's pretty pathetic , this projecting of insecurity , this weird inability to navigate social norms .
The Giants at least have the good sense to feign discomfort with robbing their fans blind .
But the Jets ?
Where they once held themselves as the working - class counterpart to the old money of the Giants , they have ladder - climbed to the point that they now behave like striving arrivistes with a bad case of Asperger's .
The Jets are Rupert Murdoch , waving their hands dismissively , telling people to get a life .
The Jets are Sammy Glick .
The Jets are America 's Team .
Photos courtesy " Jeff "
Thousands of planes are grounded across Europe due to the spread of volcanic ash following the recent eruption under Iceland 's Eyjafjallajoekull glacier .
Volcanic eruptions eject large amounts of ash and trace gases such as sulphur dioxide into the atmosphere , often reaching the altitudes of scheduled flights .
When flying through a volcanic ash cloud , ash particles enter the jet engines which can result in engine failure .
The ash can also severely damage the material of the aircraft , clog its sensors , limit the view of its pilots , and severely scratch , or ' sandblast ' , cockpit windows , landing light covers and parts of the tail and wings .
Over 90 aircraft have sustained damage after flying through volcanic ash clouds .
The total cost of damage sustained by aircraft due to volcanic ash clouds from 1982 - 2000 is estimated at 250 million US dollars .
Every year there are about 60 volcanic eruptions .
Ground - based monitoring is carried out on only a limited number of volcanoes .
In fact , most volcanoes , especially those which are remotely located , are not monitored on a regular basis .
Therefore , observations of sulphur dioxide ( SO 2 ) and aerosols derived from satellite measurements in near - real time can provide useful complementary information to assess , on a global level , possible impacts of volcanic eruptions on air traffic control and public safety .
Ensuring that volcanic cloud hazards are addressed , the Volcanic Ash Advisory Centres ( VAACs ) were established in 1995 to gather information regarding volcanic ash clouds and to assess the possible hazard to aviation .
To assist the VAACS in their tasks , ESA started the Support to Aviation Control Service ( SACS ) service to deliver SO 2 email alerts to them in near - real time .
For each alert , a dedicated map around the location of the SO 2 peak value that triggered the alert is produced and put on a dedicated web page , mentioned in the email .
In addition to VAACs , the information – derived from the SCIAMACHY instrument on ESA ’s Envisat , GOME - 2 and IASI on MetOp , OMI on EOS - Aura and AIRS on Aqua – is delivered to volcanological observatories , health care organisations , scientists , etc .
I realize many of us baby boomers feel young and invincible , but I urge you to please stay safe in this pandemic .
Although anyone can get coronavirus , it is us baby boomers – especially those ages 60 and older – who are far more likely to become seriously ill from the disease .
In case you [… ]
A wave of opposition to Arizona ’s anti-immigrant law continues to swell from elected officials , civil rights groups , entertainers and attorneys who say the measure is discriminatory and unconstitutional and invites racial profiling .
On Thursday attorneys with the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund ( MALDEF ) and the National Immigration Law Center ( NILC ) announced their partnership to challenge the controversial law in court .
“ The Arizona community can be assured that a vigorous and sophisticated legal challenge will be mounted , in advance of SB 1070 ’s implementation , seeking to prevent this unconstitutional and discriminatory law from ever taking effect , ” said Thomas A. Saenz , MALDEF president and general counsel , in a press statement .
Alessandra Soler Meetze , executive director of Arizona ’s ACLU added , “ This law will only make the rampant racial profiling of Latinos that is already going on in Arizona much worse . ”
“ If this law were implemented , citizens would effectively have to carry ‘ their papers ’ at all times to avoid arrest , ” she noted .
“ It ’s a low point in modern America when a state law requires police to demand documents from people on the streets . ”
The law will deter immigrants from speaking to the police , said Linton Joaquin , general counsel for the NILC .
“ The inevitable result is not only to make immigrants more vulnerable to crime and exploitation , but also to make the entire community less safe , by aggressively discouraging witnesses and victims from reporting crimes , ” he said .
The groups note the law also infringes on the constitutional supremacy of the federal government , by interfering with federal immigration power and authority .
Civil rights leader Dolores Huerta said , “ What we are witnessing today is the blatant targeting of an entire American population , Latinos . ”
Huerta added , “ We must not give in one inch to Arizona ’s effort to blame our community for all the ills of the state or their efforts to run us out .
We have worked this land , built and maintained these buildings and sacrificed as much as any other .
We must put an end to SB 1070 . ”
Multi-Grammy - winning artist and human rights advocate Linda Ronstadt said , “ My family , of both German and Mexican heritage , has a long history in Arizona .
It has been our diverse and shared history in this state that unites us and makes us stronger .
What Gov. Brewer signed into law last week is a piece of legislation that threatens the very heart of this great state .
We must come together and stop SB 1070 from pitting neighbor against neighbor to the detriment of us all . ”
Colombian singer Shakira met with the police chief and mayor of Phoenix this week to raise concerns that the law violates human and civil rights .
“ It goes against all human dignity , ” she said .
And at the Billboard Latin Music Awards Thursday evening in Puerto Rico , many Latin American artists denounced the law on live television , including pop star Ricky Martin , saying , “ It makes no sense . ”
In Chicago dozens of protestors demonstrated outside Wrigley Field Thursday as the Cubs began a four - game series against the Arizona Diamondbacks .
Many said they support a national call to economically boycott the state .
Since the Arizona bill was signed , three lawsuits have been filed against it .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has indicated the federal government , with President Obama ’s support , may challenge the law .
At least three Arizona cities – Phoenix , Flagstaff and Tucson – are also considering legal action to block the law .
Although Obama called the measure “ misguided ” and irresponsible , he said the likelihood of passing immigration reform legislation this year is slim , because congressional lawmakers may lack the “ appetite ” to tackle immigration especially with upcoming midterm elections .
However immigrant rights leaders say reform cannot wait and efforts to push legislation through Congress are critical as thousands continue to be rounded up and separated from their familys every day .
Latino voters are closely watching where their elected representatives stand on the issue and expect them to act with courage , Latino leaders say .
And they plan to utilize the power of their vote come November , they say .
According to federal data there were an estimated 10.8 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. on January 1 , 2009 .
Others claim there are over 12 million .
Studies note most immigrants living in the U.S. are from Latin America , with some 6.7 million from Mexico and 1.33 million from Central American nations El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras .
In 2009 the total population of Arizona totaled 6.6 million , including an estimated 460,000 undocumented immigrants .
Hundreds of vigils and mass protests are under way nationwide against the Arizona law and hundreds of thousands are expected to join demonstrations across the country on May 1 .
Photo : Immigrant rights activists chanting “ Boycott Arizona ” protest outside Wrigley Field in Chicago as the Arizona Diamondbacks opened a four - game series against the Cubs , April 29 .
( AP / Nam Y. Huh )
The Supreme Court recently freed corporations to spend more money on aggressive election ads .
But if businesses take advantage of this new freedom , the public probably wo n't know it , because it 's easy for them to legally hide their political spending .
Under current disclosure laws for federal elections , it 's virtually impossible for the public to track how much a business spends , what it 's spending on , or who ultimately benefits .
Experts say the transparency problem extends to state and local races as well .
" There is no good way to gauge " how much any given company spends on elections , said Karl Sandstrom , a former vice chairman of the Federal Election Commission and counsel to the Center for Political Accountability .
" There 's no central collection of the information , no monitoring . "
Companies invest in politics to win favorable regulations or block those " that could choke off their business model , " said Robert Kelner , chairman of Covington & Burling 's Washington , D.C. , political law group .
But they 'd rather hide these political activities , he said , because they fear backlash from customers or shareholders .
For instance , a company may want to help Democratic politicians who support health care reforms that would benefit the company , but it worries about offending " Republican shareholders who may care more about their personal ideology than about their three shares of stock in the company , " said Kelner , who says he represents many politically active Fortune 500 companies .
" The same would be true on the other side of the political spectrum . "
Businesses must reveal their identities on publicreports to the Federal Election Commission if they buy advertising on their own .
But one popular and perfectly legal conduit for companies wanting to influence politics under the radar is to give money to nonprofit trade groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
The Chamber and its national affiliates spent $ 144.5 million last year on advertising , lobbying and grass - roots activism -- more than either the Republican or Democratic party spent , according to a Center for Responsive Politics analysis of public records -- while legally concealing the names of its funders .
The Los Angeles Timesreported this week that the Chamber is building a grass - roots political operation that has signed up about 6 million non-Chamber members .
Some of the positions the Chamber has successfully advanced on behalf of its donors include a nationwide campaign to unseat state judges who were considered tough on corporate defendants and opposition to a federal bill that would have criminalized defective auto manufacturing .
Now the Jan. 21 Supreme Court ruling that increases the potential political clout of businesses is drawing fresh attention to the problem of tracking them .
That decision ( PDF ) , Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , allows corporations to run television ads that do n't merely speak to an issue but say outright whether a candidate should be elected , and allows them to do so any time they want to , using their general funds .
The ruling also gives nonprofit groups like the Chamber these new freedoms , because they are technically structured as corporations .
Before , corporations had to rely on employee and shareholder contributions to a separate political account to finance the most explicit commercials and , in the months before an election , any issue ads that mentioned a candidate .
Although the decision addressed federal election rules , its constitutional rationale also dismantles similar restrictions in 24 states .
Soon after the ruling , two Democrats -- Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland and Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York -- announced they were writing a bill to make it easier to tell which companies are backing which ads in federal elections .
An outline ( PDF ) of that bill , which is expected to be introduced this week , proposes forcing nonprofit groups to identify those who fund their political commercials .
At present , nonprofit groups do n't have to disclose the sources of their advertising money , unless the donors specified that their contributions were intended for political ads .
" Unless you 're sort of dumb enough to designate your contribution to the Chamber , " said Meredith McGehee , policy director of the Campaign Legal Center , " no one will ever know who 's the source of those funds . "
Politically active nonprofits exist across the ideological and policy spectrum and include unions as well as trade groups .
Their funders include both corporations and individuals , some of them very wealthy .
But campaign finance experts say groups that advocate specifically for business tend to have the greatest resources , simply because corporations have the most money to give .
The lack of tracking mechanisms sometimes leaves company officials themselves in the dark about their organization 's political activities , said Adam Kanzer , managing director and general counsel of Domini Social Investments , which files shareholder resolutions to push corporations to adopt self - monitoring and disclosure practices .
" In a lot of our conversations with companies , they say , ' We do n't know exactly how our money is getting spent .
It 's hard to get those answers , ' " Kanzer said .
One major drug manufacturer , he said , signed on for voluntary disclosure after learning that its funds had supported a state judicial campaign that many voters -- who could be customers or shareholders -- viewed as racist .
The public price of spotty disclosure is not being able to gauge the real effects of corporation - backed politics , McGehee said .
She questioned one argument , often made by defenders of the Citizens United decision , that the 26 states that have long allowed unlimited corporate advertising in their elections have n't suffered more political corruption than the rest of the nation .
" How would you know ?
Most of those states have next to no disclosure , " McGehee said .
Corporations " could be buying outcomes left and right , but because of no disclosure , we do n't know . "
A 2007 examination by the National Institute on Money in State Politics found that , while 39 states required some degree of disclosure by political advertisers , the laws in most were riddled with loopholes .
Only five states required enough detail to link sponsors with specific ads , the report said .
Rep . Van Hollen said the disclosure requirements he and Schumer are drafting would uncover the corporate political money flowing through nonprofit channels .
" If corporations spend money in these campaigns , we cannot allow them to hide behind sham organizations and dummy corporations that mislead voters , " he said in a written comment to ProPublica .
" Voters have a right to know who is delivering and paying for the message . "
The requirements would apply to unions and liberal nonprofits as well as trade groups , according to the early outline of the bill .
The proposal mentions additional transparency requirements -- such as mandating corporate disclosures to shareholders and " stand by your ad " appearances by CEOs of companies that finance commercials directly -- and seeks outright bans on political advertising by government contractors , bailout recipients and companies significantly controlled by foreigners .
A strong disclosure law would be " hugely effective " in revealing who is paying for political speech , said Trevor Potter , a former FEC chairman and head lawyer for John McCain 's presidential campaigns , who is now general counsel at Campaign Legal Center .
But precisely for that reason , Potter said , politics may get in the way of any serious reform .
He expects trade groups on the right , unions on the left and other cause groups across the board to fight hard against such legislation .
Already the political battle is taking shape .
Asked to comment on the push for more disclosure , the Chamber 's chief legal officer and general counsel , Steven Law , instead attacked the political motives of the proponents .
" Unions overwhelmingly support those who are pushing this legislation , " he said in an e-mail .
" This is n't about reform , it 's about politicians trying to secure advantages for themselves before an election . "
That reaction drew fire from one of the nation 's most politically active unions , the Service Employees International Union , which also declined to comment on the new disclosure proposals .
" The coming flood of corporate and foreign money into our elections through the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is a threat to democracy , plain and simple , " said Anna Burger , SEIU 's secretary - treasurer , in an e-mail .
She called on legislators to " drag the Chamber 's practices into the light of day . "
The Chamber revealed more about its view of disclosure in an amicus brief ( PDF ) it filed in the Citizens United case on behalf of the 3 million business members it says it has .
It supported the plaintiff , a nonprofit corporation called Citizens United , which wanted the Supreme Court not only to lift corporate advertising bans but also to strike down the existing disclosure requirements .
The Chamber argued that those requirements inhibited corporations from speaking out .
If the public discovered that corporations were " taking controversial positions , " it might punish them , the brief said .
As an example , it pointed to a 2005 boycott of ExxonMobil products after the public learned the company was lobbying Congress to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling .
That argument failed to persuade the high court , which by an 8 - 1 majority decided to leave the current disclosure laws intact .
Transparency is important , wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the majority , because it helps voters " give proper weight to different speakers and messages , " and because it allows citizens to " see whether elected officials are ' in the pocket ' of so - called moneyed interests . "
The Wildlife Conservation Society ’s Bronx Zoo today announced the birth of an endangered Coquerel ’s sifaka , a type of lemur native to the island of Madagascar .
The baby boy lemur is named Ares and becomes one of 51 sifaka kept in captivity worldwide .
While sifakas are generally found in trees where they are capable jumpers and feed on fruit , flowers , wood , bark and leaves , they are best known for their mode of “ dancing . ”
Since trees in their habitat are often dispersed , sifakas cross open ground by sashaying on their hind legs with arms aloft .
Ares with mother Kate .
Photo by Julie Larsen Maher ©WCS
Sifakas also have the remarkable ability to leaping from tree to tree in Madagascar ’s unique spiny forest where virtually every branch is covered with thorns or spines .
How they manage to do this without injuring themselves remains a mystery .
Sifakas generally live in groups of 3 - 13 individuals — the average group size is around 6 — consisting of roughly equal numbers of adult males and females , and several young .
Ares — along with his mother and father and other sifakas — is currently on display at the zoo ’s Madagascar !
exhibit .
Related articles
Dancing lemur attracts tourists to island of Madagascar
( 05/30/2005 )
In the dry deciduous forests of south western Madagascar there lives a lemur that loudly cusses but “ dances ” like a ballet performer .
Verreaux ’s sifaka is among the most popular of lemur species , a group of primates endemic to islands off the southeastern coast of Africa .
While threatened , Verreaux ’s sifaka is easily spotted is several of Madagascar ’s more accessible parks .
( Prepared for Penguicon I. First version Nov 2002 .
A shorter version appeared on my weblog , Armed And Dangerous .
I added the note about Kipling in early 2006 .
I made a minor correction to the section about the Futurians and added a mention of Hugo Gernsback in early 2007 . )
( I have written elsewhere on SF Words and Prototype Worlds )
The history of modern SF is one of five attempted revolutions — one success and four enriching failures .
I 'm going to offer you a look at them from an unusual angle , a political one .
This turns out to be useful perspective because more of the history of SF than one might expect is intertwined with political questions , and SF had an important role in giving birth to at least one distinct political ideology that is alive and important today .
The first and greatest of the revolutions came out of the minds of John Wood Campbell and Robert Heinlein , the editor and the author who invented modern science fiction .
The pivotal year was 1937 , when John Campbell took over the editorship of Astounding Science Fiction .
He published Robert Heinlein 's first story a little over a year later .
Pre-Campbellian science fiction had bubbled up from the American pulp magazines of the 1910s and 1920s , inspired by pioneers like Jules Verne and H.G. Wells and promoted by the indefatigable Hugo Gernsback ( who had a better claim than anyone else to have invented the genre as a genre , and consequently got SF 's equivalent of the Oscar named after him ) .
Early " scientifiction " mostly recycled an endless series of cardboard cliches : mad scientists , lost races , menacing bug - eyed monsters , coruscating death rays , and screaming blondes in brass underwear .
With a very few exceptions ( like E.E. " Doc " Smith 's Skylark of Space and sequels ) the stuff was teeth - jarringly bad ; unless you have a specialist interest in the history of the genre I do n't recommend seeking it out .
John Campbell had been one of the leading writers of space opera from 1930 , second only to E.E. " Doc " Smith in inventiveness .
When he took over Astounding , he did so with a vision : one that demanded higher standards of both scientific plausibility and story - crafting skill than the field had ever seen before .
He discovered and trained a group of young writers who would dominate the field for most of the next fifty years .
Robert Heinlein , Isaac Asimov , Arthur C. Clarke , Poul Anderson , and Hal Clement were among them .
Heinlein was the first of Campbell 's discoveries and , in the end , the greatest .
It was Heinlein who introduced into SF the technique of description by indirection — the art of describing his future worlds not through lumps of exposition but by presenting it through the eyes of his characters , subtly leading the reader to fill in by deduction large swathes of background that a lesser author would have drawn in detail .
( Many accounts have it that Heinlein invented SFnal exposition by indirection , but credit for that innovation may be due to none other than Rudyard Kipling , whose 1912 story With The Night Mail anticipated the style and expository mechanics of Campbellian hard science fiction fourteen years before Hugo Gernsback 's invention of the " scientifiction " genre and twenty - seven years before Heinlein 's first publication .
Heinlein professed high regard for Kipling all his life and included tributes to Kipling in several of his works ; it is possible , even probable , that he saw himself as Kipling 's literary successor . )
From World War II into the 1950s Campbell 's writers — many working scientists and engineers who knew leading - edge technology from the inside — created the Golden Age of science fiction .
Other SF pulpzines competing with Astounding raised their standards and new ones were founded .
The field took the form of an extended conversation , a kind of proto - futurology worked out through stories that often implicitly commented on each other .
While space operas and easy adventure stories continued to be written , the center of the Campbellian revolution was " hard SF " , a form that made particularly stringent demands on both author and reader .
Hard SF demanded that the science be consistent both internally and with known science about the real world , permitting only a bare minimum of McGuffins like faster - than - light star drives .
Hard SF stories could be , and were , mercilessly slammed because the author had calculated an orbit or gotten a detail of physics or biology wrong .
Readers , on the other hand , needed to be scientifically literate to appreciate the full beauty of what the authors were doing .
There was also a political aura that went with the hard - SF style , one exemplified by Campbell and right - hand man Robert Heinlein .
That tradition was of ornery and insistant individualism , veneration of the competent man , an instinctive distrust of coercive social engineering and a rock - ribbed empiricism that that valued knowing how things work and treated all political ideologizing with suspicion .
Exceptions like Asimov's Foundation novels only threw the implicit politics of most other Campbellian SF into sharper relief .
At the time , this very American position was generally thought of by both allies and opponents as a conservative or right - wing one .
But the SF community 's version was never conservative in the strict sense of venerating past social norms — how could it be , when SF literature cheerfully contemplated radical changes in social arrangements and even human nature itself ?
SF 's insistent individualism also led it to reject racism and feature strong female characters decades before the rise of political correctness ritualized these behaviors in other forms of art .
Nevertheless , some writers found the confines of the field too narrow , or rejected Campbellian orthodoxy for other reasons .
The first revolt against hard SF came in the early 1950s from a group of young writers centered around Frederik Pohl and the Futurians fan club in New York .
The Futurians invented a kind of SF in which science was not at the center , and the transformative change motivating the story was not technological but political or social .
Much of their output was sharply satirical in tone , and tended to de-emphasize individual heroism .
The Futurian masterpiece was the Frederik Pohl / Cyril Kornbluth collaboration The Space Merchants ( 1956 ) .
The Futurian revolt was political as well as aesthetic .
Not until the late 1970s did any the participants admit that many of the key Futurians had histories as ideological Communists or fellow travellers , and that fact remained relatively unknown in the field well into the 1990s .
As with later revolts against the Campbellian tradition , part of the motivation was a desire to escape the " conservative " politics that went with that tradition .
While the Futurians ' work was well understood at the time to be a poke at the consumer capitalism and smugness of the postwar years , only in retrospect is it clear how much they owed to the Frankfurt school of Marxist critical theory .
But the Futurian revolt was half - hearted , semi-covert , and easily absorbed by the Campbellian mainstream of the SF field ; by the mid-1960s , sociological extrapolation had become a standard part of the toolkit even for the old - school Golden Agers , and it never challenged the centrality of hard SF .
The Futurians ' Marxist underpinnings lay buried and undiscussed for decades after the fact .
Perception of Campbellian SF as a " right - wing " phenomenon lingered , however , and helped motivate the next revolt in the mid-1960s , around the time I started reading the stuff .
The field was in bad shape then , though I lacked the perspective to see so at the time .
The death of the pulp - zines in the 1950s had pretty much killed off the SF short - fiction market , and the post - Star - Wars boom that would make SF the second most successful fiction genre after romances was still a decade in the future .
The early Golden Agers were hitting the thirty - year mark in their writing careers , and although some would find a second wind in later decades many were beginning to get a bit stale .
Heinlein reached his peak as a writer with 1967's The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress and , plagued by health problems , began a long decline .
These objective problems combined with , or perhaps led to , an insurgency within the field — the " New Wave " , an attempt to import the techniques and imagery of literary fiction into SF .
As with that of the Futurians , the New Wave was both a stylistic revolt and a political one .
The New Wave 's inventors ( notably Michael Moorcock , J.G. Ballard and Brian Aldiss ) were British socialists and Marxists who rejected individualism , linear exposition , happy endings , scientific rigor and the U.S. 's cultural hegemony over the SF field in one fell swoop .
The New Wave 's later American exponents were strongly associated with the New Left and opposition to the Vietnam War , leading to some rancorous public disputes in which politics was tangled together with definitional questions about the nature of SF and the direction of the field .
But the New Wave , after 1965 , was not so easily dismissed or assimilated as the Futurians had been .
Amidst a great deal of self - indulgent crap and drug - fueled psychedelizing , there shone a few jewels — Brian Aldiss 's Hothouse stories ( 1961 , retrospectively recruited into the post - 1965 New Wave by their author ) Langdon Jones 's The Great Clock ( 1966 ) , Phillip José Farmer 's Riders of the Purple Wage ( 1967 ) , Harlan Ellison 's I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream ( 1967 ) , and Fritz Leiber 's One Station of the Way ( 1968 ) stand out as examples .
As with the Futurians , the larger SF field rapidly absorbed some New Wave techniques and concerns .
Notably , the New Wavers broke the SF taboo on writing about sex in any but the most cryptically coded ways , a stricture previously so rigid that only Heinlein himself had had the stature to really break it , in Stranger In A Strange Land ( 1961 ) — a book that helped shape the hippie counterculture of the later 1960s .
But the New Wave also exacerbated long - standing critical arguments about the nature of science fiction itself , and briefly threatened to displace hard SF from the center of the field .
Brian Aldiss 's 1969 dismissal of space exploration as " an old - fashioned diversion conducted with infertile phallic symbols " was typical New Wave rhetoric , and looked like it might have some legs at the time .
As a politico - cultural revolt against the American vision of SF , however , the New Wave eventually failed just as completely as the Futurians had .
Its writers were already running out of steam in 1977 when Star Wars , rather obviously patterned on Edmond Hamilton 's The Star Kings ( 1949 ) , took the imagery of pre-Campbellian space opera to the mainstream culture .
The half - decade following ( my college years , as it happened ) was a period of drift and confusion only ended by the publication of David Brin 's Startide Rising in 1982 .
Brin , and his colleagues in the group that came to be known as the " Killer Bs " ( Greg Bear and Gregory Benford ) , reasserted the primacy of hard SF done in the grand Campbellian manner .
Campbell himself had died in 1971 right at the high - water mark of the New Wave , but Heinlein and Anderson and the other surviving luminaries of the Campbellian era had no trouble recognizing their inheritors .
To everyone 's surprise , the New Old Wave proved to be not just artistically successful but commercially popular as as well , with its writers becoming the first new stars of the post - 1980 boom in SF publishing .
Before getting back to the Killer Bs and their Campbellian revival , I need to point out an important bit of background .
Besides helping spawn the New Wave , the Vietnam War broke open a long - standing fissure in the " right " wing of American politics .
One kind of right - winger was the cultural conservative , frequently with both religious and militarist beliefs .
The other kind was the " classical - liberal " or small - government conservative .
These two very different tendencies had been forced into alliance in both the U.S. and Great Britain by the rise of the socialist Left after 1910 .
The aftermath of Barry Goldwater 's failed presidential campaign in 1964 had strained the alliance between these factions almost to the breaking point .
The Vietnam War broke it , at least for some .
A mixed group of dissident classical liberals and anti-war radicals formed the Libertarian Party in 1971 , repudiating both the right 's cultural conservatism and the left 's redistributionist statism .
This is worth noticing in a history of SF because the platform of the Libertarian Party read like a reinvented , radicalized and intellectualized form of the implicit politics of Campbellian hard SF .
This was not a coincidence ; many of the founding Libertarians were science - fiction fans .
They drew inspiration not merely from the polemical political science fiction of Ayn Rand — The Fountainhead ( 1943 ) ; Atlas Shrugged ( 1957 ) — but from the entire canon of Campbellian SF .
Something rather similar had happened in the late 19th century , when Edward Bellamy 's Looking Backward From The Year 2000 ( 1887 ) and various other works of utopian fiction now forgotten had helped shape the thinking of early Socialists .
But this time the connection was more two - way and intimate ; novels like Heinlein 's The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress ( 1967 ) , H. Beam Piper 's Lone Star Planet ( 1958 , originally as A Planet For Texans ) , and Poul Anderson 's No Truce With Kings ( 1963 ) , among many others , came to be seen retrospectively as proto- libertarian arguments not just by their readers but , often , by the authors of the novels themselves .
The new hard SF of the 1980s returned to Golden Age themes and images , if not quite with the linear simplicity of Golden Age technique .
It also reverted to the anti-political / individualist values traditional in the field .
This time around , with explicit libertarianism a feature of the political landscape , the split between order - worshiping conservatism and the individualist impulse was more marked .
At one extreme , some SF ( such as that of L. Neil Smith ) assumed the character of radical libertarian propaganda .
At the other extreme , a subgenre of SF that could fairly be described as conservative / militarist power fantasies emerged , notably in the writing of Jerry Pournelle and David Drake .
Tension between these groups sometimes flared into public animosity .
Both laid claims to Robert Heinlein 's legacy .
Heinlein himself ( increasingly erratic as a writer but still the Grand Old Man of the field , immensely respected by fans and even more by other authors ) maintained friendly relationships with conservatives but described himself as a libertarian for more than a decade before his death in 1988 .
Symbolically , Heinlein was the first among equals in a study commission of SF authors formed by Ronald Reagan to consider the feasibility of an anti-ballistic missile defense .
Commission member Gregory Benford later described President Reagan as " a science fiction fan " , and the vision that emerged as the Strategic Defense Initiative was startlingly SFnal .
Reagan 's threat to build SDI at the Reykjavik summit with Gorbachev in 1986 triggered the collapse of Soviet strategic ambitions as Mikhail Gorbachev realized that the Soviet Union could not match the U.S. 's raise in the geopolitical poker game .
The Berlin Wall fell three years later and the Soviet Union collapsed three years after that ; science fiction saved the world .
Somewhere , Campbell and Heinlein were probably smiling .
Heinlein 's personal evolution from New Deal left - liberal to Goldwater conservative to anti-statist radical both led and reflected larger trends .
By the time of the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1992 , depictions of explicitly anarcho - libertarian future societies had begun to filter into non-political SF works like Vernor Vinge 's Realtime sequence ( 1985 ) and Joe Haldeman 's Buying Time ( 1989 ) .
Haldeman 's Conch Republic and Novysibirsk were all the more convincing for not being subjects of polemic .
The 1980s also brought us a quasi- politicized movement pulling in the opposite direction — cyberpunk , the third failed revolution against Campbellian SF .
William Gibson , who is generally credited with launching this subgenre in his Neuromancer ( 1984 ) , was not a political writer .
But Bruce Sterling , who promoted Gibson and became the chief ideologue of anti-Campbellianism in the late 1980s , called cyberpunk " the Movement " in a self - conscious reference to the heady era of 1960s student radicalism .
The cyberpunks positioned themselves particularly against the carnographic conservative military SF of Jerry Pournelle , David Drake , and their lower - rent imitators — not exactly a hard target .
Despite such posturing , the cyberpunks were neither as stylistically innovative nor as politically challenging as the New Wave had been .
Gibson 's prose has aptly been described as Raymond Chandler in mirror - shades .
Cyberpunk themes ( virtual reality , pervasive computing , cyborging and biosculpture , corporate feudalism ) had been anticipated in earlier works like Frederik Pohl 's Day Million ( 1966 ) , Vernor Vinge 's hard - SF classic True Names ( 1978 ) , and even further back in The Space Merchants ( 1956 ) .
Cyberpunk imagery ( decayed urban landscapes , buzzcuts , chrome and black leather ) quickly became a cliche replicated in dozens of computer games .
Neal Stephenson wrote a satirical finis to the cyberpunk genre in Snow Crash ( 1992 ) , which with Bruce Sterling 's Schismatrix ( 1985 ) and Walter John Williams 's Hardwired ( 1986 ) was very close to being the only work to meet the standard set by Neuromancer .
While most cyberpunk took for granted a background in which capitalism had decayed into an oppressive corporate feudalism under which most individuals could be nothing but alienated and powerless , the future of Snow Crash was a tellingly libertarian one .
The bedrock individualism of Campbellian SF reasserted itself with a smartass grin .
By the time cyberpunk fizzled out , most fans had been enjoying the hard - SF renaissance for a decade ; the New Wave was long gone , and cyberpunk had attracted more notice outside the SF field than within it .
The leaders of SF 's tiny in - house critical establishment , however ( figures like Samuel Delany and David Hartwell ) , remained fascinated by New Wave relics like Thomas Disch and Philip K. Dick , or anti-Campbellian fringe figures like Suzette Hadin Elgin and Octavia Butler .
While this was going on , the readers voted with their Hugo ballots largely for writers that were squarely within the Campbellian tradition — Golden Age survivors , the killer Bs , and newer writers like Lois McMaster Bujold and Greg Egan ( whose 1997 work Diaspora may just be the single most audacious and brilliant hard - SF novel in the entire history of the field ) .
In 1994 , critical thinking within the SF field belatedly caught up with reality .
Credit for this goes to David Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer , whose analysis in the anthology The Ascent of Wonder finally acknowledged what should have been obvious all along .
Hard SF is the vital heart of the field , the radiant core from which ideas and prototype worlds diffuse outwards to be appropriated by writers of lesser world - building skill but perhaps greater stylistic and literary sophistication .
While there are other modes of SF that have their place , they remain essentially derivations of or reactions against hard SF , and cannot even be properly understood without reference to its tropes , conventions , and imagery .
Furthermore , Gregory Benford 's essay in The Ascent of Wonder on the meaning of SF offered a characterization of the genre which may well prove final .
He located the core of SF in the experience of " sense of wonder " , not merely as a thalamic thrill but as the affirmation that the universe has a knowable order that is discoverable through reason and science .
I think I can go further than Hartwell or Kramer or Benford in defining the relationship between hard SF and the rest of the field .
To do this , I need to introduce the concept linguist George Lakoff calls " radial category " , one that is not defined by any one logical predicate , but by a central prototype and a set of permissible or customary variations .
As a simple example , in English the category " fruit " does not correspond to any uniformity of structure that a botanist could recognize .
Rather , the category has a prototype " apple " , and things are recognized as fruits to the extent that they are either ( a ) like an apple , or ( b ) like something that has already been sorted into the " like an apple " category .
Radial categories have central members ( " apple " , " pear " , " orange " ) whose membership is certain , and peripheral members ( " coconut " , " avocado " ) whose membership is tenuous .
Membership is graded by the distance from the central prototype — roughly , the number of traits that have to mutate to get one from being like the prototype to like the instance in question .
Some traits are important and tend to be conserved across the entire radial category ( strong flavor including sweetness ) while some are only weakly bound ( bright color ) .
In most radial categories , it is possible to point out members that are counterexamples to any single intensional ( " logical " ) definition , but traits that are common to most of the core prototypes nevertheless tend to be strongly bound .
Thus , " coconut " is a counterexample to the strongly - bound trait that fruits have soft skins , but it is sorted as " fruit " because ( like the prototype members ) it has an easily - chewable interior with a sweet flavor .
SF is a radial category in which the prototypes are certain classics of hard SF .
This is true whether you are mapping individual works by affinity or subgenres like space opera , technology - of - magic story , utopian / dystopian extrapolation , etc .
So in discussing the traits of SF as a whole , the relevant question is not " which traits are universal " but " which traits are strongly bound " — or , almost equivalently , " what are the shared traits of most of the core ( hard - SF ) prototypes " .
The strong binding between hard SF and libertarian politics continues to be a fact of life in the field .
It it is telling that the only form of politically - inspired award presented annually at the World Science Fiction Convention is the Libertarian Futurist Society 's " Prometheus " .
There is no socialist , liberal , moderate , conservative or fascist equivalent of the class of libertarian SF writers including L. Neil Smith , F. Paul Wilson , Brad Linaweaver , or J. Neil Schulman ; their books , even when they are shrill and indifferently - written polemical tracts , actually sell — and sell astonishingly well — to SF fans .
Of course , there are people in the SF field who find this deeply uncomfortable .
Since the centrality of hard SF has become inescapable , resistance now takes the form of attempts to divorce hard SF from libertarianism — to preserve the methods and conceptual apparatus of hard SF while repudiating its political aura .
Hartwell & Kramer 's 2002 followup to The Ascent of Wonder , The Hard SF Renaissance , takes up this argument in its introduction and explanatory notes .
The Hard SF Renaissance presents itself as a dialogue between old - school Campbellian hard SF and an attempt to construct a " Radical Hard SF " that is not in thrall to right - wing tendencies .
It is clear that the editors ' sympathies lie with the " Radicals " , not least from the very fact that they identify libertarianism as a right - wing phenomenon .
This is an error characteristic of left - leaning thinkers , who tend to assume that anything not " left " is " right " and that approving of free markets somehow implies social conservatism .
Is the " Radical Hard SF " program possible ?
Partly this is a matter of definition .
I have already shown that the SF genre cannot be culturally or politically conservative ; by nature it must be prepared to contemplate — and implicitly advocate — radical change .
So either the partisans of " Radical Hard SF " are just terminally confused , pushing against an open door , or what they really object to is hard SF 's libertarian connection .
It 's worth asking , then : is the intimate historical relationship between libertarian political thought and SF a mere accident , or is there an intrinsic connection ?
And not worth asking merely as a question about politics , either ; we 'll understand SF and its history better if we know the answer .
I think I know what John Campbell 's answer would be , if he had not died the year that the founders of modern libertarianism broke with conservatism .
I know what Robert Heinlein 's was .
They 're the same as mine , a resounding yes — that there is a connection , and that the connection is indeed deep and intrinsic .
But cultural history is littered with the corpses of zealots who attempted to yoke art to ideology with shallow arguments , only to be exposed as fools when the art became obsolescent before the ideology or ( more often ) vice - versa .
In the remainder of this essay I will nevertheless attempt to prove this point .
My argument will center around the implications of a concept best known from First Amendment law : the " marketplace of ideas " .
I am going to argue specifically from the characteristics of hard SF , the prototypes of the radial category of SF .
I 'll use this argument to try to illuminate the central values of SF as a literature , and to explain the large historical pattern of failed revolutions against the Campbellian model .
Science fiction , as a literature , embraces the possibility of radical transformations of the human condition brought about through knowledge .
Technological immortality , star drives , cyborging — characteristic
SFnal tropes such as these are situated within a knowable universe , one in which scientific inquiry is both the precondition and the principal instrument of creating new futures .
SF is , broadly , optimistic about these futures .
This is so for the simple reason that SF is fiction bought with peoples ' entertainment budgets and people , in general , prefer happy endings to sad ones .
But even when SF is not optimistic , its dystopias and cautionary tales tend to affirm the power of reasoned choices made in a knowable universe ; they tell us that it is not through chance or the whim of angry gods that we fail , but through our failure to be intelligent , our failure to use the power of reason and science and engineering prudently .
At bottom , the central assumption of SF is that applied science is our best hope of transcending the major tragedies and minor irritants to which we are all heir .
Even when scientists and engineers are not the visible heroes of the story , they are the invisible heroes that make the story notionally possible in the first place , the creators of possibility , the people who liberate the future to become a different place than the present .
SF both satisfies and stimulates a sort of lust for possibility compounded of simple escapism and a complex intellectual delight in anticipating the future .
SF readers and writers want to believe that the future not only can be different but can be different in many , many weird and wonderful ways , all of which are worth exploring .
All the traits ( embrace of radical transformation , optimism , applied science as our best hope , the lust for possibilities ) are weakly characteristic of SF in general — but they are powerfully characteristic of hard SF .
Strongly bound , in the terminology of radial categories .
Therefore , hard SF has a bias towards valuing the human traits and social conditions that best support scientific inquiry and permit it to result in transformative changes to both individuals and societies .
Also , of social equilibria which allow individuals the greatest scope for choice , for satisfying that lust for possibilities .
And it is is here that we begin to get the first hints that the strongly - bound traits of SF imply a political stance — because not all political conditions are equally favorable to scientific inquiry and the changes it may bring .
Nor to individual choice .
The power to suppress free inquiry , to limit the choices and thwart the disruptive creativity of individuals , is the power to strangle the bright transcendant futures of optimistic SF .
Tyrants , static societies , and power elites fear change above all else — their natural tendency is to suppress science , or seek to distort it for ideological ends ( as , for example , Stalin did with Lysenkoism ) .
In the narratives at the center of SF , political power is the natural enemy of the future .
SF fans and writers have always instinctively understood this .
Thus the genre 's long celebration of individualist anti-politics ; thus its fondness for voluntarism and markets over state action , and for storylines in which ( as in Heinlein 's archetypal The Man Who Sold The Moon ( 1951 ) ) scientific breakthrough and free - enterprise economics blend into a seamless whole .
These stances are not historical accidents , they are structural imperatives that follow from the lust for possibility .
Ideological fashions come and go , and the field inevitably rediscovers itself afterwards as a literature of freedom .
This analysis should put permanently to rest the notion that hard SF is a conservative literature in any sense .
It is , in fact , deeply and fundamentally radical — the literature that celebrates not merely science and technology but technology - driven social change as a permanent revolution , as the final and most inexorable foe of all fixed power relationships everywhere .
Earlier , I cited the following traits of SF 's libertarian tradition : ornery and insistant individualism , veneration of the competent man , instinctive distrust of coercive social engineering and a rock - ribbed objectivism that values knowing how things work and treats all political ideologizing with suspicion .
All should now be readily explicable .
These are the traits that mark the enemies of the enemies of the future .
The partisans of " Radical Hard SF " , like those of the earlier failed revolutions , are thus victims of a category error , an inability to see beyond their own political maps .
By jamming SF 's native libertarianism into a box labeled " right wing " or " conservative " they doom themselves to misunderstanding the deepest imperatives of the genre .
By understanding these imperatives , on the other hand , we can explain the series of failed revolutions against the Campellian model that is the largest pattern in the history of modern SF .
We can also predict two important things about the future of the SF genre itself .
One : people whose basic political philosophy is flatly incompatible with libertarianism will continue to find the SF mainstream an uncomfortable place to be .
Therefore , sporadic ideological revolts against the Campbellian model of SF will continue , probably about the established rate of one per decade .
The Futurians , the New Wave , the cyberpunks , and " Radical Hard SF " were not the end of that story , because the larger political questions that motivated those insurrections are not yet resolved .
Two : all these revolts will fail in pretty much the same way .
The genre will absorb or routinize their literary features and discard their political agendas .
And SF will continue to puzzle observers who mistake its anti-political DNA for conservatism while missing its underlying radicalism .
Young Professor X To Be Played By James McAvoy In ‘X - Men : First Class ’
Just a quicky catch - up : X - Men : First Class is a comic book series that ’s currently being adapted into a new movie .
It was at first going to be directed by the godfather of X - Men film , Bryan Singer , but he stepped away to do something else ( but will still produce and will return for another mutant project in the future ) .
We then found out that Kick - Ass and Stardust director Matthew Vaughn had been brought in to replace him , and all was well again .
All that was left was to tell us who would be stepping into the younger iconic main roles that we ’d become so familiar with over the past decade .
Now comes reports that the first star has been cast , and it ’s a real doozy .
James McAvoy , who ’s best known from his roles in Wanted , Atonement , and The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe , has been cast in the role of Professor Xavier …. or Professor X , to some preferences .
Professor X has been played by Patrick Stewart in the first three X - Men films , including the third one where he and co-star Ian McKellen were given makeovers for the scenes where they were to be a lot younger .
In this movie , however , even that young is nowhere near young enough , and this is why McAvoy has been cast .
If this is any indication of future casting and the actual movie , I can tell you for me , this ignites a lot more interest in the title .
I was pretty iffy on it before , but McAvoy is pretty fantastic and we could be looking at a great new X - Men movie taking form .
X - Men : First Class is expected to hit theaters June 3 , 2011 , though I ’m still skeptical of this happening so quickly .
If it does come out by then , prepare to hear more casting like this very , very soon .
Knowing now who they chose for Professor X , who do you want to see get the role of Magneto ?
In response to President Obama 's call for compromise , several lawmakers have concocted their own health care reform bills .
Here are some provisions of the top contenders :
Hoyer - Larson Bill : All 45 million uninsured Americans would be guaranteed medical care , all of it provided by Dr. Tom Janicak of Houston , TX
: All 45 million uninsured Americans would be guaranteed medical care , all of it provided by Dr. Tom Janicak of Houston , TX Melancon - Cooper Bill :
Would create a low - cost government - administered health insurance plan , but would prohibit anyone from buying into it
: Would create a low - cost government - administered health insurance plan , but would prohibit anyone from buying into it Griffith - Cantor Bill : Low - income families would be allowed to huddle outside hospital windows in the cold and look at wealthier families receiving care
: Low - income families would be allowed to huddle outside hospital windows in the cold and look at wealthier families receiving care Hutchinson - Snowe Bill : Children insured on a cuteness scale
: Children insured on a cuteness scale Murray - Menendez Bill : Doctors only allowed to mention giving birth as a viable alternative after providing counseling on the many different ways one can have an abortion .
: Doctors only allowed to mention giving birth as a viable alternative after providing counseling on the many different ways one can have an abortion .
Luetkemeyer - Fortenberry Bill :
They just liked the way their names looked together , and this seemed like the most high - profile opportunity to put it out there
: They just liked the way their names looked together , and this seemed like the most high - profile opportunity to put it out there Grayson Bill : Rep .
Alan Grayson will personally punch in the face any insurance executive who turns down a valid claim
: Rep. Alan Grayson will personally punch in the face any insurance executive who turns down a valid claim Blookross - Feiser Bill :
Although no one is exactly sure who these two shadowy congressmen are , their bill would mandate a twofold increase in insurance premiums and force patients to buy name - brand drugs
Free Markets :
The federal government 's continued assault on capitalism has n't gone unnoticed overseas , where even bitter and virulent former foes see this for the tragedy that it is .
It was more than a little jarring to read the following statement in a foreign newspaper under the headline " American capitalism gone with a whimper " :
" It must be said that , like the breaking of a great dam , the American descent into Marxism is happening with breathtaking speed , against the backdrop of a passive , hapless , sheeple , excuse me dear reader , I meant people . "
And where did it appear ?
In Pravda , the one - time voice of the Soviet regime , which noted our great fall from the mightiest capitalist nation in history to a government - run debtor on the way to becoming something akin to a large Venezuela .
It 's not hard to see what 's prompting such opinions .
Every day we learn of another incursion into the private sector , another attack on private wealth , another liberty diminished .
At this pace , given the near - total disregard for the Constitution evident in the last year and a half , our very freedoms will soon be imperiled .
Exaggeration ?
Consider that :
• The financial " reform " bill , which has passed the Senate Banking Committee and has President Obama 's backing , creates a new bureaucracy with power to subpoena any and all data from any financial company - erasing , in essence , the boundary between public and private in our economy .
• The IRS , soon to be strengthened by $ 10 billion in new funding and 17,000 new agents , promises to take fines under ObamaCare out of your tax return , as it also launches a new worldwide program to go after what it calls " high wealth individuals . "
• U.S. government debt , swollen by a record $ 45 trillion surge in spending over the next decade , will hit 63 % of GDP this year - what economists consider a danger level - and is on its way to an economy - killing 90 % of GDP by 2020 .
And that 's just the news from the past couple of weeks .
All this , of course , is in addition to the just - passed $ 2.3 trillion health care takeover , which gives the government unprecedented powers over our most intimate health care decisions ; the $ 700 billion TARP program , which has turned into a Democrat - run slush fund ; the $ 862 billion in phony " stimulus " and the government 's forced buyout of 61 % of General Motors and 18 % of Chrysler ( with the Canadian government taking another 11 % ) .
It was n't supposed to happen here .
The Constitution was supposed to stand between us and an oppressive state .
But that bulwark is being chipped away , piece by piece , right by right .
Can Americans regain control of their country from the ever - expanding progressive state ?
Can our once - healthy free - market economy be taken back from its federal overseers ?
Recent studies show that Americans are more dependent than ever on government - the biggest threat to their freedom of all .
According to the Tax Foundation , 60 % of households in America in 2004 received more in benefits and services from government than they paid in taxes .
Under President Obama 's massive spending hikes , that will soon rise to 70 % or more .
For these folks to remove the yoke of government will take great willpower .
Little by little , they are swapping their freedom for the comfort of government support and the top - down control that goes with it .
We find ourselves led by people who would weaken the Constitution 's literal and ancient meaning in favor of a " living document " that guarantees literally nothing .
As a result of the state 's creeping hegemony , the republic we inherited and the unalienable rights we were guaranteed have never been more threatened .
So the Basel Committee finally released its revisions to the all - important Liquidity Coverage Ratio ( LCR ) , which I have written about at length .
Most of the press coverage has painted the revisions as weakening the LCR , and it ’s true that some of the revisions weaken the LCR , but after delving into the document , I find more of a mixed bag .
The bottom line ( for those who do n’t want to read some of the gory details ) is that while there were unfortunately more losses than wins , the core of the LCR is absolutely still intact , and the implementation of the first liquidity regime for major banks will undoubtedly be a huge upgrade to the financial regulatory framework .
Here are some of the major wins and losses , in my opinion , in the revised LCR .
Losses
First , the losses .
Liquidity Facilities to Non-Financial Corporates
The worst change in my opinion is the reduced outflow rate for liquidity facilities that banks have extended to non-financial corporates .
Under the original LCR , the outflow rate for these liquidity facilities was 100 % .
The revised LCR reduces that to 40 % .
These liquidity facilities are predominantly commercial paper backstop facilities , which corporations will arrange with banks if they finance enough of their day - to - day operating costs by borrowing in the commercial paper market .
The revised standard greatly clarifies the definition of a “ liquidity facility , ” and basically says that the size of a liquidity facility will be equal to the amount of debt that the corporation has outstanding that is maturing in the coming 30 days .
This makes sense , and it ’s much simpler than trying to distinguish between liquidity and credit facilities by examining the parties ’ intent .
But why reduce the outflow rate to 40 % ?
If the commercial paper market shuts down — which it did during the 2008 financial crisis — then companies wo n’t be able to replace any of their maturing commercial paper debt , which means the outflow rate on the liquidity facilities should be 100 % .
Why is the Basel Committee assuming that companies will be able to replace 60 % of their commercial paper funding during a financial crisis ?
I think that ’s highly unrealistic , even if you ’re basing the LCR on funding conditions that prevailed during the 2008 crisis ( which , as I ’ve said before , is a remarkably stupid idea ) .
Liquidity and Credit Facilities for Prudentially - Regulated Banks
The revised LCR also reduces the outflow rate on both liquidity and credit facilities extended to banks that are subject to prudential supervision , from 100 % to 40 % .
The original LCR treated prudentially - regulated banks the same as “ financial companies ” such as securities and brokerage firms .
Now , I ’m actually okay with prudentially - regulated banks being treated as more reliable than other financial companies — after all , prudentially - regulated banks will be subject to the LCR , and will therefore be better - prepared to meet their liquidity needs during a financial crisis .
That said , I think that reducing the outflow rate on liquidity facilities for these banks from 100 % to 40 % is , well , imprudent .
Any future financial crisis that I can envision will disproportionately impact the big , prudentially - regulated banks that are subject to the LCR ( since they sit at the center of virtually all financial markets ) .
Trouble at any of these big banks could have large knock - on effects for the financial system .
Given that reality , would n’t it be far more prudent to require these banks to pre-fund the majority ( i.e. , 75 –80 % ) of the liquidity facilities that they ’ve extended to each other ?
Yes , I thought you might agree .
Rehypothecated Collateral on Derivatives
I ’m also not wild about the paragraph in the revised LCR ( paragraph 117 ) that allows banks to assume that any high - quality liquid assets ( HQLAs ) that have been posted to them as collateral on derivatives trades can be rehypothecated to generate cash inflows .
The way the paragraph is worded , it appears that banks will be able to simply assume that the HQLAs can be rehypothecated , and will be able to count those cash inflows whether or not they actually rehypothecate the HQLAs .
The obvious reason I do n’t like this is that it would allow banks to count cash inflows which may or may not exist .
But the other reason I do n’t like this is that during a financial crisis , banks will almost certainly not be able to rehypothecate many of the “ Level 2A ” and “ Level 2 B ” HQLAs ( e.g. , covered bonds , some equities ) .
Now , it ’s true that these kinds of assets are typically not posted as collateral on derivatives trades ; however , if banks are allowed to count hypothetical cash inflows from rehypothecating these assets in their LCR calculations , then they might start to allow counterparties to post these assets as collateral on derivatives .
Either way , this can be fixed by simply clarifying that banks can only count cash inflows from actual , existing rehypothecations in their LCR calculations .
Wins
Now , some of the wins .
Periodic Monetization
The revised LCR requires banks to “ periodically monetise a representative proportion of the assets ” in their stock of HQLAs , “ in order to test its access to the market . ”
Here the Basel Committee is taking a page from the Fed ’s proposed “ enhanced prudential standards ” rule , and I ’m glad they did .
This is a good idea for a variety of reasons .
In terms of ensuring that banks have the operational capability to actually monetize their HQLAs during a crisis ( an under - appreciated risk ) , practice will make perfect .
Also , as the Basel Committee notes , requiring periodic monetization will “ minimise the risk of negative signalling during a period of actual stress . ”
Some banks have complained about this requirement in the Fed ’s proposed rule by arguing that the market will misinterpret these required periodic monetizations as evidence that the bank is in trouble .
Yes , it ’s true that the first couple of times , some investors may misinterpret the required monetizations as evidence that the bank is in trouble ; but after those investors freak out and scream about how the bank is failing or something , and other market participants respond that no , the monetizations were actually required by law , then the market will no longer consider those monetizations as a signal of trouble .
Which will be extremely useful during a real crisis .
In - the - Money Options
In the paragraph on derivatives cash outflows , the revised LCR adds that “ [ o ] ptions should be assumed to be exercised when they are ‘ in the money ’ to the option buyer . ”
This is a good example of how the rulemaking process for financial regulations can be beneficial ( even though this was not a formal rulemaking ) .
The original LCR did n’t count the cash outflows that would occur from counterparties exercising their in - the - money options .
I did n’t think about these cash outflows either — and I thought pretty hard about how cash flows around derivatives would be treated under the original LCR .
It was clearly not the Basel Committee ’s intent to exclude those cash flows ; they just did n’t think about in - the - money options .
But someone ( probably someone who works with options ) obviously did realize that this was a source of cash outflows that the original LCR did not clearly address , and questioned how these outflows would be treated .
As a result , the Basel Committee added the clarification about in - the - money options , which captures a real liquidity drain and makes the LCR more effective .
This kind of beneficial clarification occurs rather frequently in the US rulemaking process , although when regulators revise proposed rules to clarify how the rule will apply more situations , they are almost invariably attacked for making the rule more “ complex , ” or for adding more “ loopholes . ”
But I digress .
Diversification of the Stock of HQLAs
This is a provisional win .
The revised LCR states that the stock of HQLAs must be “ well diversified within the asset classes themselves ” ( except for sovereign debt , obviously ) .
This is an important requirement , and will guard against banks overloading their liquidity buffers with , say , corporate bonds in one particular industry .
But the strength of this diversification requirement will depend on how national regulators define “ well diversified , ” and on the compliance regime they implement to maintain this diversification .
That ’s why this win is still provisional in my mind .
So we ’ll see how the Fed handles this in their rulemaking .
Still , the fact that a diversification requirement was included at all is a win .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
In sum , I think there were both wins and losses in the revised LCR .
The losses probably outweigh the wins , but all of the changes were on the margin .
As I said before , however , the core of the LCR is definitely still intact , which is a very good thing .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Do n’t you just wish you lived in Gaza ?
Do n’t you just envy those people who get to raise their kids amid such abundance ?
Look at all the stuff they ’ve got : “ Truckloads of meat , poultry , fish , dairy products , fruits , vegetables , milk powder , baby food , wheat and other staples arrive in Gaza on a daily basis , ” said the Foreign Ministry in advance of the “ Freedom Flotilla , ” due to either reach Gaza or get intercepted by the navy today .
“ Since the cease - fire in January 2009 , well over a million tons of humanitarian supplies entered Gaza from Israel – that is almost a ton of aid for each man , woman and child in the Strip .
” A ton each !
Somebody put those people on a diet !
They get “ most types of food , ” said the IDF .
Most types !
Even pasta , ever since Sen.
John Kerry went to Gaza last year and found that the IDF was banning pasta , and convinced army officials , softies that they are , to start letting it in .
But the story of life in Gaza gets even happier .
In the first quarter of 2010 , the IDF said , “ Israel transferred 250 trucks of equipment for the UNRWA summer camp , including arts and crafts equipment , swimming pools , inflatable toys , ice cream machines , musical instruments , clothing , sports equipment , etc .
” They eat ice cream , they swim , they play music .
Paradise !
And look at this : “ Special permission was granted to Gaza footballers to train in Judea and Samaria and compete in international matches abroad .
” We even let their soccer team out to play .
It took special permission , but hey , for those guys and those fans , if that ’s what it takes , that ’s what it takes .
SO WHO are these goddamn Jew - haters and their boats , – the “ St. Pancake ” they should call it .
Who are these Nazi human rights organizations ?
And who is this John Ging , this terrorist who runs UNRWA in Gaza ?
“ We recommend the world send ships to Gaza , ” he says .
“ Breaking the siege on Gaza is possible .
” We should puton a ship and sink it .
The UN .
Anti-Semites , all of them .
They try to make everything in Gaza look terrible .
Read this garbage by the “ UN Office for the Coordinator of Humanitarian Affairs , Occupied Palestinian Territory . ” ( “ Occupied . ” I love that . )
They put out a report every week about how awful it is for the poor Palestinians .
Look at this crap from their last one , for May 12 - 18 : “ Imports of industrial fuel to operate the Gaza power plant further declined this week ... this week ’s figure represents 27 percent of the actual estimated weekly amount of fuel required for the power plant to operate at full capacity .
As a result , the majority of the population continues to experience power cuts of eight to 12 hours per day , forcing them to rely on generators run by fuel ...
These generators , which are imported largely through tunnels under the Gaza - Egypt border , can be unsafe ... [ A ] generator fire broke out inside a house this week , killing two members of one family and injuring five others .
Since the beginning of the year , 31 Palestinians have been killed and 41 others injured in generator - related incidents .
” They ’re not careful – that ’sfault ?
They probably started the fires on purpose to blame it on Israel .
Here ’s some more garbage : “ Quantities of imported cooking gas also further declined this week ... representing only 64 % of the average weekly needs ...
As shortfalls continue , the rationing scheme for cooking gas , introduced in November 2009 , remains in place .
” Oh , too bad , they wo n’t be able to heat their ice cream .
A tragedy .
Now look what big , bad Israel is doing to the poor fisherman in Gaza : “ Israeli restrictions on Palestinian access to fishing areas beyond three nautical miles from shore also continued to be enforced ; in at least two incidents this week , Israeli naval vessels opened ‘ warning ’ fire toward Palestinian fishing boats , forcing them ashore .
” Do we know these “ fishermen ” are n’t really terrorists ?
Can we take a chance ?
Nobody got killed , did they ?
Oh , but wait , now read this from the last weekly installment of the UN Protocols of the Elders of Zion : “ Israeli forces shot and killed one elderly Palestinian civilian and injured another one in two separate incidents near the Gaza - Israel border ...
On 14 May , Israeli forces positioned on the border east of Jabalya shot and killed an elderly Palestinian man while he was visiting the grave of his wife in a cemetery located in the area .
In a separate incident , Israeli forces opened fire toward a group of Palestinians collecting rubble near the border , injuring one of them .
Israeli forces continue to enforce access restrictions in the ‘ buffer zone ’ by opening ‘ warning ’ fire toward people entering the area , affecting farmers and workers , and leveling lands in border areas .
” Well , maybe if the terrorists in Gaza did n’t keep trying to get near the fence and kill our soldiers , we would n’t have to shoot old men in cemeteries and kids collecting rubble , would we ?
( Rubble ?
They have swimming pools , arts and crafts , musical instruments , and spend their time looking through rubble ?
A fat lot of good it does trying to help those kids . )
They ’re terrorists , does n’t everybody understand ?
They try to kill usand we never did anything to them .
We got out of Gaza , remember ?
There ’s no more occupation .
Finished !
And now the Jew - haters are coming with their boats and their food andtheir medical aid – to make us look bad !
That ’s all they want to do .
They do n’t care about the people in Gaza .
The people in Gaza do n’t evencare about the people in Gaza , about their own children .
Only we do .
Only Israel cares about those people .
Look at all the things we do forthem .
And the world does n’t appreciate it .
Well , what do you expect ?
I only wish somebody would treat us Israelis like we treat people in Gaza .
It ’s too bad ; we ’d give the world a real lesson in how to show appreciation .
AVALON
— A Pennsylvania dentist was sentenced today to four years of probation for dumping medical waste into the Atlantic Ccean in Cape May County , forcing beaches in Avalon to close for five days .
Thomas McFarland , 61 , of Wynnewood , Pa. , also paid $ 100,000 to Avalon as restitution for its cleanup costs and for environmental projects .
McFarland , who owns a second home in the Avalon Manor section of Middle Township , pleaded guilty on March 15 to unlawful discharge of water pollutants .
The waste included 260 needles , 180 cotton swabs and several capsules that held filling material .
McFarland told Superior Court Judge Raymond Batten in Cape May County that he piloted his Boston Whaler into the nearby Townsends Inlet on Aug. 22 , 2008 , and dumped a bag of medical waste generated from his dental practice .
Days later , the needles started washing ashore between 9th and 24th streets , prompting Avalon officials to close the beaches .
As the investigation was leading authorities to him , McFarland surrendered to Avalon police on Sept. 2 , 2008 , and admitted dumping the medical waste .
He was indicted Nov. 18 , 2008 , on charges of unlawful disposal of regulated medical waste and unlawful discharge of a pollutant .
He could have faced up to five years in prison if convicted of the most serious of those charges .
McFarland tried unsuccessfully for admission into the Pre-trial Intervention ( PTI ) program that would have expunged his criminal record after complying with the requirements .
Assemblymen Nelson Albano and Matthew Milam ( both D - Cape May ) , who after the incident sponsored legislation doubling the fines for medical waste dumping , called the sentence " too lenient . "
Albano said a doubling of the fines , to $ 100,000 , was necessary to deter and penalize polluters .
" Polluters who foul our beaches must pay dearly for tarnishing the shore ’s reputation — something today ’s sentence does not adequately enforce , " Albano said today .
Milam said reckless behavior by a single person can have a devastating effect on the beach communities and their businesses .
" Dr. McFarland ’s actions had severe economic repercussions on the region – repercussions that his light sentence does not take into account , " he said .
The new law , which went into effect this year , did not apply to McFarland ’s case .
McFarland ’s attorney , Carl Poplar , could not be reached for comment .
Related coverage :
• PA dentist to stand trial on charges of dumping medical debris at Jersey Shore
• Pennsylvania dentist pleads not guilty to dumping medical waste at shore
For over 30 years , Riddle & Brantley has been helping those who have been injured due to the negligence of others .
Our highly trained personal injury attorneys handle every area of personal injury law and are dedicated to client success .
We call upon nearly 200 years of combined legal experience to achieve just compensation for clients who come to us for assistance .
We have what you need for a successful personal injury claim .
Contact us today to let us review your case for free .
How Our Raleigh Injury Attorneys Can Help
If you have been seriously injured in North Carolina , Riddle & Brantley can help in a variety of ways .
Our attorneys have significant experience handling personal injury and product liability claims , workers ’ compensation cases and social security disability and VA claims .
We understand how to handle complex cases and are intimately familiar with the procedures necessary to successfully conclude injury cases of all types .
In fact , firm attorneys Chris Brantley and Adam Smith are North Carolina State Board Certified Workers ’ Compensation Specialists and Scott Scurfield is a North Carolina State Board Certified Social Security Disability Specialist .
For over 30 years , Riddle & Brantley has been helping those who have been injured due to the negligence of others .
Our attorneys have a strong track record of success in recovering compensation for injured clients .
Our case results include six and seven - figure settlements and verdicts .
We get the job done through aggressive insurance claim negotiation and skilled legal representation in the courtroom .
Our lawyers can complete the following tasks for you :
Investigate your accident
Determine the defendants (s )
File your claim with the civil courts
Prove your case to a judge or jury
Present evidence and medical records
Interview eyewitnesses
Hire experts on your behalf
Fight for fair compensation
We ’ll take care of your case from start to finish .
We have the experience and resources you ’re looking for in Raleigh .
Gene Riddle , Christopher Brantley and the rest of the legal team at Riddle & Brantley are honest attorneys with deep ties to the North Carolina community .
We ’re the firm of choice if you need passionate , trustworthy representation in your case .
We respond to calls and emails after hours and on weekends .
A BRAZILIAN court today fined US internet giant Google for not blocking pages of dirty jokes on its social networking site Orkut .
The court in the northern state of Rondonia ordered Google to pay $ US2700 for each day that the pages remained up , and told it to stop similar material being posted .
It rejected Google 's argument that the company did not have the technical means or employees needed to police Orkut , a Facebook - like community that has its biggest following in Brazil .
The court noted that Google already implemented such curbs on its pages in China - but did not address the major Google - China dispute over censorship that saw the US company direct Chinese users of its search engine to its freer Hong Kong service .
According to the Brazilian judge , the Google lawsuit stemmed from two teenagers who said they were offended by the material on the Orkut pages .
Boston , MA – It was four decades ago to the day when a 22 - year - old named Bobby Orr scored the 4th goal , 40 seconds into the 4th period of the 4th game against the St. Louis Blues to win Boston its 4th Stanley Cup .
It was Mother ’s Day , May 10 , 1970 , when Orr flew through the air after scoring the game - winner , with the help of a trip from Noel Picard , a Blues defenseman — and the number on both players ’ sweaters ?
4 , of course .
Referred to as simply , “ The Goal , ” that moment in sports history has lived on in both film and photographs , and now , in bronze .
In front of his adoring fans , the Boston Bruins and TD Garden unveiled a larger - than - life statue depicting Orr ’s famous flight into hockey history .
At about 110 % life - sized and over 800 pounds , the bronze statue has found its home at the West Walkway of TD Garden , facing Causeway Street .
In attendance were Bruins Owner Jeremy Jacobs , Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino , TD Garden President John Wentzell , several 1970 Bruins alumni like John Bucyk and Derek Sanderson , as well as the man himself , Bobby Orr .
The Hall of Famer proudly cut the black and gold ribbon to unveil the sculpture designed by renowned sports artist , Harry Weber .
As one of the most famous and most decorated players to ever lace up a pair of skates , the ever - humble Orr said he never thought he’d be the subject of such a grand display of sports history .
“ I did n’t wake up in 1970 thinking , ‘ Oh there ’s going to be a sculpture outside the TD Garden , ” Orr said , laughing .
“ No . ” In addition to his friends and family , Orr thanked his teammates as well as Bruins fans for their years of dedication .
“ They ’ve always been supportive , " Orr said .
" They ’ve always shown us great support , great love .
“ The Bruin fan is a knowledgeable fan .
If you ’re not working and you ’re not giving an honest effort , they ’ll let you know .
" But they ’re wonderful fans .
" Orr added that the team ’s recent success has been great to watch now as a fan himself .
“ Boston ’s a great sports city and it ’s so nice right now , everywhere I got now , everyone wants to talk about the Bruins , ” he said .
“ It has n’t ’ been like that in a long time and it ’s wonderful to hear . ”
IT IS remarkable how many Republicans and conservatives deplore the liberty - infringing perils of big government , yet applaud Arizona ’s draconian new immigration law , which empowers the police to interrogate anyone suspected of being in the country unlawfully .
It is also perplexing .
How can they brandish “ Do n’t Tread On Me ’ ’ signs at a Tea Party rally on Monday , then on Tuesday cheer a law making the failure to carry “ an alien - registration document ’’ a crime ?
Surely Americans who extol the work ethic and admire the spirit of enterprise should be dismayed — not delighted — when Arizona forbids a willing employer from hiring a willing employee because of something as irrelevant as his immigration status ?
Not all Republicans endorse the new statute .
US Senate candidate Marco Rubio has spoken out against it in Florida ; so has business executive Meg Whitman , now running for governor in California .
But they are decidedly in the minority .
According to the latest Gallup poll , 75 percent of Republicans who have heard of the new law support it ; only 17 percent are opposed .
I have never understood the anti-immigrant hysterics .
Industrious self - starters who come to the United States to find work , create new wealth , and improve their lives are not a menace or a threat .
They are an asset .
No state seeks to drive out hard - working newcomers from New Mexico or Indiana ; why should hard - working newcomers from Old Mexico or India be treated any differently ?
To say that they cross the border illegally only begs the question .
Why should it be illegal for any person to come to the United States , assuming his intentions are peaceful and he is not likely to become a public charge or health risk ?
For most of US history , there was no ceiling on the number of immigrants allowed to enter the country .
There were some specific exclusions — polygamists and prostitutes were denied entry , for example , and the racist Chinese Exclusion Act barred immigrants from China — but on the whole , nearly anyone who wished to settle in the United States before the 1920s was free to do so .
The immense influx of immigrants made possible by that policy was often the cause of tension and suspicion .
It was also an extraordinary blessing , transforming America into the most prosperous , vibrant , and innovative nation in history .
We have an illegal immigration problem today only because federal law makes legal immigration so costly and difficult .
A concrete - and - barbed - wire wall along the border will not fix that problem , and neither will punitive sanctions on employers who hire illegal aliens .
Meaningful immigration reform would focus instead on simply making it easier for low - skilled or unskilled workers to enter the country lawfully .
Republicans like to think of themselves as champions of law and order — never more so , many of them , than when damning illegal immigrants .
To quote Republican state Senator Russell Pearce , lead sponsor of the new Arizona law : “ Illegal is illegal . ’’
That is what passes for a thoughtful argument among many immigration restrictionists .
But there is nothing thoughtful or admirable about insisting that a foolish or counterproductive law be enforced at all costs .
In Montgomery , Ala. , in 1955 , Rosa Parks broke the law that mandated racial segregation on public buses .
For refusing to give up her seat to a white passenger , Parks was arrested , fingerprinted , and fined .
As she was being removed from the bus , she asked the arresting officer , “ Why do you push us around ? ’’
A century earlier , thousands of Southern slaves were guided to freedom by “ conductors ’ ’ along the Underground Railroad , the clandestine network of escape routes into the Northern states and Canada .
Those conductors — many of them supporters of the new Republican Party — loathed the Fugitive Slave Act , which mandated the return of runaway slaves and imposed criminal sanctions on anyone aiding a fugitive .
No doubt there were Americans who cried then , as Russell Pearce and those who anathematize illegal aliens cry today , that “ illegal is illegal ’’ and the law must be obeyed .
Respect for law is important .
But when laws are foolish , perverse , and repugnant to American interests and ideals , they should be resisted and replaced .
Republicans and conservatives should be leading the fight for real immigration reform .
How sad that so many of them would rather fight immigrants instead .
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
SEOUL , May 24 , 2010  -- Days after North Korea threatened an all - out - war against South Korea , President Obama ordered the U.S. military to work with South Korea to " ensure readiness " and prepare for future aggressions .
" We endorse President Lee 's demand that North Korea immediately apologize and punish those responsible for the attack and , most importantly , stop its belligerent and threatening behavior , " the White House said .
South Korean President Lee Myung - bak said today that North Korea would have to " pay a price " for the torpedo attack on a South Korean navy ship in March that killed 46 young sailors .
But even as the two Koreas exchanged fierce rhetoric , analysts in Seoul said a military response is unlikely .
" It 's a repeated cycle in which relations have had its ups and downs in the past 60 years , " said Koh Yu - Hwan , professor of North Korean studies at Dongguk University .
" Today , the worst hit the peak , and now the only direction is for each sides to back down and cool off . "
Officials in South Korea , the United States and Japan want to bring the issue before the United Nations Security Council and impose stronger and tighter sanctions , at least as a symbolic gesture because the North Korean economy has already hit rock bottom .
But China remains reluctant to join in on the international condemnation .
" China has a complicated long - term tie with North Korea , not just politically but ideologically and with legal commitment , " said Jin Canrong , associate dean at the School of International Studies at Renmin University of China , referring to the 1961 China - North Korea Treaty on Friendship , Cooperation and Mutual Assistance .
Some analysts said China simply does not want a war on its doorstep and millions of refugees pouring in across its border .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has made efforts to persuade Chinese officials support condemnation during the two - day annual U.S. - China high level talks in Beijing .
She told reporters that they were " in the midst of very intensive consultations " and " the Chinese recognize the gravity of the situation we face . "
China Unwilling to Condemn North Korea
Clinton said both countries are " working hard to avoid an escalation , belligerence and provocation , " but " at the same time to send a message to North Korea that we are not simply resuming business as usual . "
But Chinese President Hu Jintao stopped short of supporting international condemnation saying the two nations should together " manage regional hotspots " and " safeguard world peace and security , " without mentioning North Korea by name .
His South Korean counterpart addressed North Korea with unusually tough rhetoric , unprecedented in recent decades when a push for reconciliation and peace took hold .
In a nationally televised address , Lee demanded immediate apology saying South Korea had " tolerated and tolerated " but " from now on , we will not tolerate anymore provocative acts by the North . "
He suspended ongoing inter-Korean trade , investment , and aid but exempted humanitarian aid for North Korean children and production at the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Complex north of the border .
He also banned North Korean merchant ships from passing South Korean waters .
" If our territorial waters , airspace or territory are violated , we will immediately exercise our right of self - defense , " he vowed .
But North Korea experts in Seoul noted that the warnings did not intend to corner Pyongyang for good .
The address intentionally left room for future concessions by not specifically naming North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il in the statement .
" If we pointed the finger directly at Kim Jong - Il , that would have been a point of no return because from their point of view , that is non-negotiable , " professor Koh said .
Now , analysts said , there is still room for North Korea to take a step back by blaming the torpedo attack on its overzealous naval forces and say they actually shot the South Korean submarine without specific endorsement from Pyongyang .
ABC News ' Clarissa Ward and Laura Greene contributed to the reporting of this story from Beijing and Washington D.C .
There has been widespread shock after President Lech Kaczynski was killed along with many other senior Polish figures in a plane crash in western Russia early on Saturday .
Here is a selection of reactions from around the world .
POLISH PRIME MINISTER DONALD TUSK
We stand in the face of an incredible tragedy , one of the biggest tragic events of our nation 's history .
It is definitely the most tragic event in the post - war history of Poland .
Amongst the dead are many people than we knew personally , many friends .
But it is their families who today suffer the most .
On behalf of all Polish people I would like to express to them our condolences and sorrow .
Specifically to the family of president Lech Kaczynski - his daughter , mother , brother and granddaughter .
RUSSIAN PM VLADIMIR PUTIN
Nothing like this has ever happened before .
RUSSIAN PRESIDENT DMITRY MEDVEDEV
These past days we together have been conducting commemorative events in Katyn , together have been mourning the victims of totalitarian times .
Lech Kaczynski was coming to Russia to personally pay tribute to the killed Polish officers , both as a president and a citizen of his country .
All Russians are sharing in your grief and mourning .
I promise that all the circumstances of this tragedy will be investigated most thoroughly , in closest cooperation with the Polish side .
I have given exhaustive instructions to the law - enforcement agencies .
On behalf of the Russian people , I am expressing my deepest , most sincere condolences to the people of Poland , sympathy and support for the victims ' families and friends .
Monday , 12 April , will be declared a day of national mourning in Russia .
UN CHIEF BAN - KI MOON Kaczynski served his country and people with distinction and conviction , and was deservedly respected internationally .
That he died en route to an event marking a new level of reconciliation between Poland and Russia is particularly poignant .
QUEEN ELIZABETH II
It is with the deepest sorrow that I have learnt of the death of President Lech Kaczynski and First Lady Madame Kaczynska .
I recall President Kaczynski's long and distinguished public service and his role in the Solidarity movement .
The deaths of many other of Poland 's leading figures , including former president in exile Kaczorowski , only serve to deepen this tragedy .
I send my deepest sympathy to you and to the whole Polish nation .
UK PRIME MINISTER GORDON BROWN
I think the whole world will be saddened and in sorrow as a result of the tragic death in a plane crash of President Kaczynski and his wife Maria and the party that were with them .
We know the difficulties that Poland has gone through , the sacrifices that he himself made as part of the Solidarity movement .
We know the contribution he made to the independence and the freedom of Poland .
I think at a time like this we also remember a family in mourning and large numbers of people who died and a whole country that will be shocked and saddened by what has happened .
US PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA Today , there are heavy hearts across America .
The United States cherishes its deep and abiding bonds with the people of Poland .
It is a testament to the strength of the Polish people that those who were lost were travelling to commemorate a devastating massacre of World War II as the leaders of a strong , vibrant , and free Poland .
That strength will ensure that Poland emerges from the depths of this unthinkable tragedy , and that the legacy of the leaders who died today will be a light that continues to guide Poland - and the world - in the direction of human progress .
FRENCH PRESIDENT NICOLAS SARKOZY
Lech Kaczynski devoted his life to his country .
A tireless defender of the ideas in which he believed , he always battled with conviction for the values that founded his entry into politics : democracy , liberty and the fight against totalitarianism .
GERMAN CHANCELLOR ANGELA MERKEL
This is a political and human tragedy for Poland , our neighbouring country .
Lech Kaczynski was a real lobbyist for his country , he loved his country and he was an argumentative European .
I remember many meetings with him on European and international levels , in the end we always found a solution .
I know that all of his life was dedicated to the fight for Poland 's freedom and Europe 's freedom .
My husband and I fondly remember ( Kaczynski's ) invitation to his country house near Gdansk where we spent many , many hours talking about Polish and European history .
Lech Kaczynski will be missed in Germany , as well .
Today , Germany is grieving with the Polish people .
ITALIAN PRIME MINISTER SILVIO BERLUSCONI
It is a grave loss that has stricken a friendly country and in which I am sharing in with my heart .
PRESIDENT OF EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT JERZY BUZEK
It is difficult to comprehend the tragedy .
It was difficult to imagine that a few dozen people , many of whom were elected by us , the Poles , in every part of our homeland , to be our representatives , would die within a few seconds while on duty , on duty for each of us .
It was a special and unusual trip .
It was about the memory of the events 70 years ago .
Now we have another great memorial and we will remember that memorial - also on Russian soil near Smolensk , near Katyn - on the date 10 April .
This is a terrible coincidence , and let us be together , let us talk to each other .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ok , ok , it 's just Windows 95 running in an x86 emulator according to its creator .
But even with such clumsy performance you know you love seeing it .
Party like its 1995 without the Aqua Net after the break .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
It has been announced that Radiohead will be releasing the old fan favorite “ Big Boots ” aka “ Man - O - War ” in April .
The catch is that the track will only be available in record shops around the world , not digitally as we ’ve all become use to .
To make things even more interesting , the song will only be released on audio cassette , with a limited edition cover designed by Stanley Donwood .
The band and their management have been quiet on the reasoning behind this , only to hint that this is in someway part of a bigger plan .
Nigel Godrich recently let it slip on Twitter that the song sounds “ very different ” from the live version , saying that only one word can describe
Thom ’s voice in it : “ Buzzsaw ” .
[ UPDATE ] :
While we got the cassette part right , it has now been revealed that there ’s actually a micro SD card inside .
Fans will have to break open the cassette and access the micro SD card through their computer .
From there , it will give them a code to download the track from the Radiohead website .
They mystery deepens …
[ UPDATE ] :
Here ’s a photo of the cassette :
[ UPDATE ] :
If you have n’t figured out by now , this is an April Fool ’s joke .
2010 French Open Grand Slam
Sony Ericsson
Open
EleVen
Apparently this new outfit did n't help with her performance .
She was beaten by Russian player , Nadia Petrova , only in the 4th round of the championship .
At least , during her participation in this tournament , she gained a lot attention from the crowd .
The French , being French , naturally sent some whistles raining down on Williams , and the famous French saying : " Ooh - la - la . " on many lips .
Apparently this new outfit did n't help with her performance .
She was beaten by Russian player , , only in the 4th round of the championship .
At least , during her participation in this tournament , she gained a lot attention from the crowd .
The French , being French , naturally sent some whistles raining down on Williams , and the famous French saying : " " on many lips .
Related Posts by Categories :
This semester , with the ( unfortunately blogless ) Amy Wieliczka , I ’ve been working sponsored by the Rennselaer Center for Open Source Software , on a project called Glide .
Excuse my broken GTK theme …
Glide is a Clutter / GTK based presentation application .
I could go on for ages complaining about presentation applications , but um … maybe later , for now Glide is still a baby .
The code is on GNOME git , and , there is a fair amount there , and in fact , I think you could play with it today , using backgrounds + text / image elements , and some pretty Slide transitions , and probably make something a little more satisfying than you would in open office present .
Build it , try it out .
email me ( racarr AT gnome ) , etc , etc …
Glide however is still in rapid development , within the next few weeks , there will likely be major changes .
Probably an overhaul of the animations system , add a timeline editor for laying out transitions .
An implementation of PDF export that does n’t cheat .
A templating / themeing system , along with an archive file format ( containing all resources needed by the presentation ! hoorah ! ) .
Then probably another pass over the UI … after this I ’d like there to be some sort of 0.1 release .
Anyway , I ’ve been putting off this post , and want to get it written … so … I ’m going to leave it here .
Thanks to Professor Moorthy and Sean O’ Sullivan for RCOS , a program which has perhaps been one of the defining experiences of my career as a student at RPI .
The Other Side of the Story What the Seattle Times Didn't Tell You in Its Story About an " Encouraging " Drug Bust in Pioneer Square
The Seattle Times described the bust on May 4 as a major operation to sweep drug dealers off the streets of Pioneer Square , saying that undercover narcotics detectives rounded up 15 of the " most prolific sellers of crack cocaine . "
A reporter and photographer joined the officers — posting their story even before the police issued a self - congratulatory press release .
A picture of a black woman in handcuffs ran in the paper above a caption calling it a " bonus arrest . "
Seattle 's sole daily newspaper spoke only to cops and prosecutors , who hailed the three - month investigation as an antidote to neighborhood complaints and portrayed the defendants as chronic sellers and big - time dealers .
Seattle Times reporter Sara Jean
Green did n't talk to anyone else — such as experts on the impact of buy busts downtown — or examine police records to see just what sort of people were arrested .
There 's another side to the story .
Records obtained from the King County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office show that the 15 people were almost exclusively selling minute amounts of crack , had little or no money , and were overwhelmingly nonwhite ( reflecting a racial disparity chronic to police buy busts in Seattle ) .
These were small - time dealers .
And local experts agree that sentencing them to prison wo n't solve the problems of drug markets or drug use in Pioneer Square .
The total combined amount of crack on 14 of the defendants was only 3.1 grams — a street value of about $ 310 .
That averages about 0.2 grams per person .
Only one defendant had a notable quantity of drugs or money : 4.85 grams and $ 583.76 .
Of the 14 other individuals , only five had any cash on them whatsoever , other than the money that the undercover officers had given them .
According to jail and police records obtained from the county prosecutor 's office , cash amounts on the defendants were $ 2.49 , $ 2.62 , $ 6.48 , $ 61 , and $ 392 .
The other nine had literally $ 0 on their person .
The sweep was conducted , the Seattle Times reports , " in hopes that prosecutors can successfully argue for stiffer prison sentences , taking the repeat dealers off the streets for up to five years , " according to a prosecutor assisting the Seattle Police Department ( SPD ) .
The Seattle Times editorial board also chimed in : " Police and prosecutors going full throttle on drug dealers is encouraging .
Bravo . "
But Lisa Daugaard , director of the Defender Association 's Racial Disparity Project , which has followed the city 's buy - bust operations closely for the last decade , says of the defendants : " If they sold drugs , it seems highly likely it was to make a few dollars so they could immediately buy more drugs for their own use .
We should be able to address that problem humanely through a public - health strategy . "
Indeed , police records show the defendants were not drug-ring leaders , as the Seattle Times suggested by calling them " some of the ... most prolific sellers of crack cocaine , " but unsophisticated addicts .
One undercover officer — who repeatedly told the suspect , " Again , I am not the police " — reported that the suspect " continually asked me if he could have ' just one hit ' from me . "
The man was arrested for 0.4 grams of crack and had no money on his person .
Based on officers ' descriptions , seven of the suspects are black , five are Hispanic , two are white ( although one of those may actually have been Hispanic , based on name ) , and one is Native American .
Chasms in racial disparity are typical of Seattle buy busts , historically speaking .
While drug sellers are usually white , even in open - air markets , police disproportionately bust nonwhite suspects .
Katherine Beckett , a researcher at the University of Washington , and three other researchers concluded in a 2005 study on drug arrests in Seattle : " This overrepresentation primarily results from law enforcement 's focus on crack users , and especially on black and Latino crack users . "
They added : " We find that law enforcement 's focus on crack users does not appear to be a function of the frequency with which crack is exchanged , the concentration of crack transactions exchanges outdoors , or other race - neutral factors . "
In addition , Beckett wrote in another report called " Race and Drug Law Enforcement in Seattle " in 2004 : " By contrast , the SPD conducts very few operations in open - air drug markets where whites , and heroin , predominate . "
For this sweep , SPD captain Steve Brown said it was a way " to consider how best to disrupt the mechanism of the market . "
The Seattle Times editorial board noted : " To reduce crime and a sense of menace downtown , busting repeat drug dealers in Pioneer Square could make a real difference . "
But it is unlikely to make any difference .
We 've been through this before — to zero effect .
The SPD conducted a major drug bust in April 2009 , netting 30 people .
SPD declared on its website : " Belltown Drug Ring Smashed by Seattle PD . "
Three weeks later , the Seattle Times talked to a neighborhood leader who said the " regulars " were already back .
" In the short term , I think it indicates a message to those openly dealing that there are going to be some immediate consequences , " says Ian Goodhew , deputy chief of staff for the King County Prosecuting Attorney 's Office .
" Does that mean that they wo n't be replaced with others ?
No , " he says .
" They will be back . "
" Typically , there is no long - term impact , " says Daugaard .
" The basic law of supply and demand drives other sellers into the same territory , which has been established as a site to purchase narcotics . "
The handful of arrests , she says , " are a drop in an ocean . "
ACLU of Washington drug- policy director Alison Holcomb adds , " Scooping up street - level dealers simply creates job opportunities for younger recruits . "
There are other ways to handle open - air drug dealing , including programs that divert arrestees to treatment , warning suspects that they 'll be arrested if they do n't clean up their act , and a host of social services .
( Goodhew , in the prosecutor 's office , says that the drug - ­market sweeps are a piece of that puzzle . )
No one realistically expects drug busts to stop — crack is illegal , and people do n't want to live in neighborhoods overrun with crack dealers .
But the Seattle Times ' coverage sounds like the deluded propaganda from the 1980s that suggested that we could eradicate drugs through an ever - escalating drug war .
Why does the Seattle Times routinely hail the enforcement and leave out the rest of the story in its coverage ?
" It seems obvious to me that there are other questions to be asked , and King County is rich in expertise in this area , " says Daugaard .
" One would hope that reporters would avail themselves to those resources . "
Two Seattle Times editors , the reporter Sara Jean Green , the SPD , and community groups in Pioneer Square ( who had complained about the dealers ) did not respond to repeated requests for comment .
Image caption Israel claims its soldiers were attacked by the activists
At least five Scots are understood to have been on an aid convoy which was stormed by Israeli commandos as it sailed towards Gaza .
Nine people are believed to have died when the six - strong flotilla was intercepted in international waters .
The largest vessel in the flotilla was boarded by soldiers who fired at some of the 500 people on board .
Scotland 's Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Israel 's actions had been " rightly condemned around the world " .
The Israeli government has said its forces were shot at and attacked with weapons when they boarded the lead ship , the Mavi Marmara , overnight .
Contact with activists on the ships was lost after the raids and no first - hand accounts from them have yet emerged .
Ms Sturgeon called on Israel to lift its blockade of Gaza , and expressed her " deep sadness " at the loss of life on the flotilla .
On his last posting on Facebook he made mention that Israeli ships were spotted on the radar and since then we have heard nothing from him Haq Ghani , Father of Hassan Ghani
She added : " My primary concern is for the safety of the Scots that are on board .
The Israeli government must provide immediate reassurance of their current situation and well - being .
" This use of violence against a humanitarian convoy carrying medicine and other aid is being rightly condemned across the world and demonstrates the increasing need for Israel to lift the blockade .
" The blockade of Gaza is causing untold suffering to ordinary Palestinians who want to go about their everyday lives in peace and must be brought to an end . "
Ali El - Awaisi , from Dundee , was on board a vessel in the flotilla when the attack took place .
His brother , Khalid , told BBC Scotland demonstrations against the action were taking place in Dundee and across Scotland .
Image caption Relatives are waiting to hear from Ali El - Awaisi ( left ) and Hassan Ghani
He said : " This is in Glasgow , in Edinburgh , in Inverness , in Stirling .
" The people are appalled at what Israel has been doing , there are no weapons on that ship , my brother has been telling me as they were leaving the port of Antalya they were security checked , like you would be security checked at any port . "
Another Scot believed to have been on the convoy when the vessel was boarded was journalist and documentary maker Hassan Ghani , 24 , a former Stirling University student from Glasgow .
His father , Haq Ghani , said he was waiting to hear news of his son's safety .
He added : " I am extremely angry , dismayed and shocked upon hearing about the deplorable loss of life upon the peace flotilla , as a result of typically disproportionate and aggressive actions by the Israeli Defence Forces .
GAZA AID CONVOY Consists of three cargo ships and three passenger ships
Casualties reported on the Mavi Marmara passenger ferry
Mavi Marmara is one of three ships provided by Insani Yardim Vakfi ( IHH ) , a Turkish aid organisation with links to the Turkish government
Other ships are organised by the Free Gaza Movement , an international coalition of activist groups
Up to 600 mostly Turkish passengers , tonnes of cement and at least two journalists on board the Mavi Marmara
In pictures :
Aid ship stormed Reaction to Gaza aid ship deaths Guide : Gaza under blockade Hague ' deplores Gaza ship deaths '
" On a personal note , my family and I are fraught with worry for our son .
On his last posting on Facebook he made mention that Israeli ships were spotted on the radar and since then we have heard nothing from him .
" I have been in touch with the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , but they have not heard any more information from the Israeli government . "
Also understood to have been travelling was Theresa McDermott , a Scottish activist with the Free Gaza campaign group .
Last year , 43 - year - old Ms McDermott was found in Ramleh prison four days after being forcibly removed from a sea - borne Lebanese aid mission to Gaza .
Scottish Palestinian Forum secretary Alison Phillips said : " I know Theresa McDermott personally from my own involvement and met her in the Scottish Parliament only last month .
" This morning 's attack on the flotilla took place in international waters and was thus a grave violation of both international maritime and humanitarian law .
" I ask that the Israeli ambassador be summoned to the Foreign Office to explain these actions . "
The flotilla , which was carrying some 10,000 tonnes of aid , left the coast of Cyprus on Sunday and had been due to arrive in Gaza on Monday .
It was attempting to defy a blockade imposed by Israel after the Islamist movement Hamas took power in Gaza in 2007 .
Israel had repeatedly said the boats would not be allowed to reach Gaza .
" The on - screen style and general appearance of broadcasters and announcers are the legal right of the network to determine and develop , " it ruled , adding that it had to take into account " the spirit and principles of the channel and the image it wishes to present " .
Although the circumstances of the Karachi case were murky , the detention is likely to ratchet up US pressure on Pakistan to crack down on Islamist extremists operating in safe havens in tribal areas along the Afghan border .
Even though I was n’t a supporter of Sarah Palin , she was recently hired at Fox News , and I feel I need to warn her .
After all , she ’s a brunette who often wears glasses–a breed targeted for extinction in Foxworld .
There ’s something creepy going on at Fox News , and it ’s not just the skewed way they choose to report the news .
When a woman gets a job on the “ fair and balanced ” news network , she gets “ Foxified . ”
No matter how she looks or how old she is when she signs her contract , these female contributors transform , appearing on our screens strangely clone - like , blonde and so heavily made up they all look around 40 .
Greta Van Susteren famously made the cover of People after she scored her own show on the network and got “ Foxified , ” sporting much lighter hair and tighter skin .
When I used to produce talk radio programs for the ABC affiliate in the Bay Area , and the host had a legal issue he wanted to discuss , I often booked a brilliant and beautiful law professor as an expert : Lis Weihl .
After 9/11 , she was hired by Fox News .
The next time I saw her on TV , I only recognized her by her name in the byline .
Fox News is a modern day Stepford factory for accomplished women .
By turning professors and authors into porn star doppelgangers , the network effectively communicates what women say is not as important how they appear .
The older , winkled , balding male stars of the news channel obviously have different physical requirements to get a job on TV .
Maybe Palin earns some of those privileges , because she ’s already famous with her own loyal following .
We ’ll have to wait and see if her hair and glasses survive Fox News President Roger Ailes , himself not the most svelte , glossy headed guy in town .
Update : I ’m not attacking these women for getting jobs ; I ’m pointing out the sexist requirements for men versus women on TV .
Furthermore , being “ Foxified ” does n’t translate to being attractive or beautiful .
As a commenter pointed out , it has to do with becoming a “ femmebot . ”
The blonde dye jobs and overly made up faces on Fox News women are indicative of a culture dominated by Caucasians and capitalism , keeping women in line and rewarding them when they conform to the rules , upholding the power structure as is–often a reflexive but still clever way to keep women in their place .
Reprinted with permission from SFGate ; originally posted at Reelgirl .
But Monica Medina , the No. 2 official at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the American delegate to the whaling body , said that Mr. Ramage and other critics were demanding a complete halt to whaling , an impossible goal , at least today .
“ We ca n’t stop it ; we can only try to control it , ” Ms. Medina said in an interview .
“ If we can prevent thousands of whales from being hunted and killed , that ’s a real conservation benefit .
This proposal would not only help whales , we hope , but also introduce rigorous oversight , halt the illegal trade in whale meat and bring respect for international law back to the I.
W.C. , ” she added .
“ Are we there yet ?
We ’re not , and we have hard negotiations to go yet . ”
Despite a 1986 international moratorium on commercial whaling , the numbers of whales killed annually has been rising steadily , to nearly 1,700 last year from 300 in 1990 , as the three whaling nations have either opted out of the treaty or claimed to be taking whales only for legitimate scientific study .
Most of the meat from the slaughtered whales is consumed in those three countries , although there appears to be a growing international black market in whale products .
Some officials warn that if this effort at compromise fails , the commission ’s efforts to police whale hunting , long crippled by irreconcilable political divisions , will collapse .
“ The I . W.C. is a mess .
It ’s a dysfunctional international organization , ” said Sir Geoffrey Palmer , a former prime minister of New Zealand and chairman of the I.
W.C. group trying to negotiate a deal .
“ I think this is probably the last chance the I.
W.C. has to cure itself . ”
Representatives to the whaling commission from more than a dozen nations — including the three whaling countries and New Zealand , Australia , Chile and other nations backing the compromise proposal — are in Washington this week to negotiate terms of the agreement , which would protect as many as 5,000 whales from hunting over the next decade , officials said .
They said they hoped that the reduced hunt would give whale stocks time to recover and give negotiators time to write a new treaty that would bring an effective international ban on all commercial whaling .
OP / ED by Justin Long
So , as I told you I would , here is the mail .
For a long time I have been concerned , stressed , and pissed off to say the least , about the state of racial relations in the adult industry .
I too have been guilty to some point as of late by conversing with female stars that do n’t do IR .
In hind site this was bad , and foolhardy .
I am far from a racist having been born to a black father , and a white mother .
My father was never around ( in fact I have only met him four times in my life and have n’t spoken with , or seen him in over 20 years ) , and thus I was raised by my white mother and my half sister who is also mixed black and white .
Growing up in Oregon partially I have experienced my share of racism .
However , until entering the adult industry , I had never experienced it on such a massive level , and had to endure it on a day - to - day basis .
With growing up with my mother ’s side of the family only I have always been around white people .
Growing up however , I have had black influences , as my aunt and mother only dated black men , and visiting and eventually living with my aunt who was the first white woman to ever live in the notorious projects of Seaside , CA .
Enough about my life LOL .
So , today I have canceled what work I had in LA and informed my agents that effective immediately , I will no longer be doing any sort of IR porn .
This decision was not easy .
I am NOT racist as I have stated and obviously could not be with a white mother and family .
I will suffer from this decision no doubt , but I feel the mental anguish will be less of a burden then the financial .
I feel horrible thinking that this is the only way for people to know exactly how I feel , and more over the only way for me to yell out if you will " what the fuck , this is bullshit " .
Some will say " well you are being racist yourself in this decision " .
I would have to agree .
It is wrong for anyone to say they wo n’t work with someone because of skin color or nationality .
However , what is a black star to do if he / she is fed up with the racial profiling he / she has to endure everyday in this industry ?
This is not just about getting between contract stars legs .
This is about the fact that every solid thing that a black star is not allotted to earn in the adult industry can be led back to three simple things ; agents telling girls " no interracial " or convincing them not to do IR , big companies refusing to shoot a fair percentage of content involving black talent , and girl being given the choice of whether they want to choose co-talent solely on the basis of skin color , or nationality .
This whole situation saddens me to no end .
I am pissed off that I served in the military , to protect the freedoms of the same people that would discriminate .
I am pissed off that I served in the military , and this is what my country does for me i.e. ; nothing – continues to allow discrimination in my work place .
So , the normal way this goes down is a girls statement " I do n’t do IR I ’m sorry , it ’s nothing personal " .
How the fuck could it NOT be personal when a girl tells you that she will NOT work with you because of the color of your skin ?
Even worse it ’s not the color of your skin obviously , because these same girls work with European and Latin darker skinned male stars that are not labeled black .
The same contract and non-contract stars that say they do n’t do IR are still working with non-white performers .
To make it worse a % of them are trying or are getting fucked off screen by black males either talent or civilian .
So , is IR just a term cause it sure in the hell does n’t mean anyone not of that girl ’s nationality .
For example if an Asian girl does n’t do IR , it should mean she only works with Asian male stars right ?
Well that ’s not the case , it means she will work with anyone that is not Labeled Black by the adult industry .
Some girls say I do n’t like the movies that they put me in when I do IR so I do n’t do it .
Guess what ?
We black people do n’t like the movies that makes us look like we just degrade white girls either .
Do you realize that black male stars staple often times is shooting BBW movies ( nothing wrong with BBW I adore a lot of them , and they rarely had attitude which is so common among female stars ) but when was the last time you saw a top white or non-black male star have to staple his income with BBW shoots ?
I ’m a skinny brotha .
Again nothing wrong with BBW women ( and I mean that ) , I have gone out with some in my personal life , because looks and a body are n’t everything , but I ’m just trying to show the very un-even contrast in the industry .
Is being Black a target ?
Is it the kiss of death in the industry ?
A couple male performers I know are black , but very light skinned , and seem to work with these girls on a regular basis as they have not been LABELED black .
Non-IR girls have no issues shooting with them , so you would think maybe it ’s just the color of the skin , but then you get to darker European , Asian and Latino male talent and all of a sudden brown skin has no bearing .
So , does " it ’s not personal " continue to fly as a real statement ?
Absolutely not .
Girls and agents like to say that saving IR extends the life of a girl ’s career .
I have very serious doubts about that and will use a star I have worked with many times as an example .
This girl has shot IR from day one in the industry ( as far as I am aware ) very early in her career I had shot with her more then any male in the industry ( white , black or other ) , now she is arguably the biggest contract star in the world .
So tell me exactly how did IR extend or hurt her career .
The fact is , that non-IR girls use black male talent as stepping stones , and that is morally bankrupt in thought and action .
Girls are permitted to do IR and then not do IR and then start to do it again when there work slows .
The sad part is Black male talent are willing to shoot with these girls , and basically telling them it ’s ok to exhibit this moral lacking behavior , and it ’s alright to disrupt our income .
Black males are telling these girls that we are OK with the scraps that they are throwing our way .
The fact is , is every girl that refuses to do IR is saying ( regardless if they speak the words )
I ’m doing what ’s best for me and I do n’t care what happens to you ( Mr. Black male talent ) .
Every girl that refuses or dips in and out of doing IR affects every black male star ’s annual income .
If contract stars did IR , your damn right I and others would have more scenes , because we have directors that would kill for those scenes .
It is the same with all non-IR shooting females .
Black males have no problem if the girls are selective in their choosing of who they shoot with and who they wo n’t shoot with .
That ’s fine , but to just say " sorry your black " hello wake the fuck up .
It ’s offensive , and then to follow it up with " it ’s nothing personal " that just makes us even more angry because there is no way to take it but personal .
The girl will take 10 cocks in a day , ass , pussy , and mouth and multiple cocks at a time as long as none of them are black ?
Come on , we are black , not stupid .
So people ask " why do you even care " here are just a few answers ; for awards they look at the top girls movies , so if blacks ca n’t work with the top girls then how do WE get looked at or even come close to getting awards .
I would sure like to fly to Jamaica or Hawaii to shoot a feature .
No Go .
This is just a couple of trickle down effects , and it does n’t even scratch the surface .
Does any one think it weird that at AVN their are 15 males nominated for best male performer and every year their are never more than three black males in that category , and 95 % of the time it ’s won by a white or I ’ll say non -black performer that is hooked - up with the Vivids and Wickeds and VCA ’s of the industry ?
However , even more funny is if you look at the nominees for most unsung male performer @ AVN , their are usually around 8 or 9 guy ’s nominated and the list is predominately black male performers .
How about equality ?
It ’s just an Idea .
How many non -black males are under contract right now ?
How many black males are under contract right now ?
How many white females are under contract right now ?
Now how many black females are under contract right now ?
Starting to get the picture .
Black people are starving and getting real jobs and leaving the industry cause they can’t pay their bills , but their counter parts are like nothing major has happened because half are under contract with guaranteed money and the other half are working because the economy put mostly smaller companies out of biz not the big ones .
So , who do you think shot the majority of IR ?
Smaller companies .
Follow twitter , Sure some is a lie but you will see people post " I ’m working " " I ’m on set " .
Start keeping track and tell me what you see over a week and then lets chat .
This is trickle down economics people .
Top white girls refuse to work with black males .
Top companies refuse to shoot black males .
Top companies , and girls often could give a flying fuck about black females .
How is it that black females on average make less , and work less then white females ?
How is it that often even if a Wicked or VCA or Digital Playground shoots a feature and has a black talent in it , its like one black talent out of a cast of like 7 or more .
Are they really saying that , that is how the world is normally ?
Or is this their own private little white world ?
Last time I checked black pirates were common in the 1700 ’s , also last time I checked blacks were a strong majority in the military , so how are war movies going to have one black guy out of an entire military unit ?
For too long the industry has ( in large part ) just used black people as tokens .
Unfortunately for the blacks and fortunate for the world , black people in this business are too damned stupid to stand together and say enough is enough .
Too many people looking out for themselves , and worrying about what the company owners will say .
Here ’s a clue , big companies do n’t give a fuck about black talent .
Behind closed doors to many in the industry we are " NIGGERS " .
That ’s fact , that ’s the way of the world is .
They like our music , and love our food , and women but despise us , and will never look at us as equals , and this is the same conclusion drawn from some blacks in the industry when told " I ’m sorry I do n’t do IR , nothing personal though " .
Funny , a friend ( white female star ) just texted me back after I canceled our content shoot ( told her I was no longer doing IR ) her response was " did I do something wrong ? "
Guess it goes to show we all have an issue being told your money is gonna get fucked up because of the color of your skin , huh ?
I ’m tired , I do n’t want to yell , I do n’t want to have a target on my back , and I do n’t want to lose work or have to cause waves , but I also do n’t want to feel like some fucking leper at work either .
I would rather be judged as an individual when it comes to talent selection .
Does color have to come in sometimes ?
Yes of course , you ca n’t have a black man play George Washington anymore then you could have a white woman play Whoopi Goldberg .
Do you have any idea what it feels like to go to work and have 60 % of your co-workers say " sorry wo n’t work with you , you ’re black " .
Trust me it ’s a shitty feeling , and then to have your advancement opportunities capped because you ca n’t work with some of that 60 % .
Shit now you ’ll just get mad .
My actions and reactions are in direct correlation with the actions and inflammatory speech and actions that are being taken and enacted against people of my color .
The racism and discrimination needs to stop .
Equality has been earned .
Justin Long
Adult Film Star
" What image would you like on the cake , sir ? " " I 'll shoot you the URL . "
And with these simple , misunderstood words , an epic cake wreck was born .
So what was supposed to be on the cake ?
This :
Advertisement
I know we have someone in the audience who reads Russian , but unless it fulfills some cold war stereotype — maybe the location of a missing reel from Rocky 's IV 's three - hour training montage — it 's going to be a disappointment .
( OK OK , a Cake Wrecks commenter believes it says " Photo opportunity . "
Are you happy ? ) [ Cake Wrecks ]
An aircraft resembling a large bodyboard detached from a flying B - 52 bomber and then shot across the Pacific on Wednesday at more than 3,500 mph , shattering aviation records and reigniting decades - long efforts to develop a vehicle that could travel faster than a speeding bullet .
The unmanned X - 51 WaveRider , powered by an air - breathing hypersonic engine that has virtually no moving parts , was launched midair off the coast near Point Mugu .
It sped westward for 200 seconds before plunging into the ocean as planned .
Previous attempts at hypersonic flights lasted no more than 10 seconds .
“ Everything went very well for a first flight , ” said Charlie Brink , the X - 51 program manager for the Air Force .
“ For things to go off the way they did , we ’re confident this technology has a bright future . ”
Since the 1960s , the Air Force has been flirting with hypersonic technology , which can propel vehicles at a velocity that cannot be achieved from traditional turbine - powered jet engines .
But the technology has been exceedingly difficult to perfect .
Previous attempts produced very limited results including flights that lasted only a few seconds , said Peter Wilson , senior defense analyst with Rand Corp .
It has held great promise , however .
A passenger aircraft powered by hypersonic engines could fly from Los Angeles to New York in 30 minutes .
It also could travel faster than existing cruise missiles .
With the technology , the military could strike anywhere on planet within an hour or less , said John Pike , director of Globalsecurity.org , a website for military policy research .
“ The WaveRider represents a major change that could have big implications on today ’s weapon systems , ” he said .
“ It can travel great distances at remarkable speeds , showing potential for a long - range cruise missile . ”
The aircraft is being developed for the Air Force by engineers at Boeing Co. 's Phantom Works research center in Long Beach and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne in Canoga Park .
The vehicle has been undergoing tests at Edwards Air Force Base .
“ This is truly transformational technology , ” Brink said .
“ This engine can be considered the next step in aviation .
It ’s as big of leap as it was when we went from propellers to jet engines . ”
Like many other test flights of new aircraft , the WaveRider was launched from a B - 52 flying at 50,000 feet after it had been carried aloft attached to the bomber ’s wing .
About 9 a.m.
Wednesday , the WaveRider detached from the wing , falling for about four seconds before its booster rocket engine ignited and propelled the WaveRider to more than 70,000 feet .
It then separated from the booster and sped across the sky reaching 3,500 mph .
Although the launch was considered successful , it did not reach a goal that the Air Force had set .
It was hoping for the plane to reach 4,200 mph and fly for five minutes .
“ We fell a little bit short , but this was the first one out of the gate , ” Brink said .
“ We still have three more of these vehicles to work the kinks out . ”
The hypersonic engine ’s history has been fraught with setbacks .
Initially , the program was headed by NASA , which fueled speculation that hypersonic engines could help propel spacecraft into orbit .
But the space agency dropped the program for lack of funding .
The Air Force then picked up the development with an eye toward developing super - fast missiles , Pike said .
It ’s a technology that is looking for a mission , he said .
“ It ’s very attractive , but it looks like we still have a ways to go before it ’s used outside of an experimental flight test . ”
william.hennigan@latimes.com
With the utmost modesty I can claim , with the aid of audiences up and down the country , to have created the ultimate political manifesto .
Each night audience members are asked to suggest policies , which are then discussed and voted upon .
The policy that wins the most votes joins the manifesto .
On Tuesday night the crowd decided upon two policies : to re-nationalise the railways and to introduce a maximum wage – although to be fair , fining people who wear Ugg boots came a close third .
The manifesto has built up over the year and contains policies varying from " MPs should not be paid salaries but loans , like students .
MPs often get highly paid jobs on leaving parliament as a consequence of having attended parliament , they should therefore repay the loan " to " the introduction of a Prohibition of Deception Act " and " Dog owners who do not clean up after their dogs should be forced to wear the offending turd as a moustache for the rest of the day " .
" What is to happen to these policies of rare genius , Mark ? " I hear you cry in a desperate and needy whimper .
The answer and the wait are over .
The Manifesto has a candidate standing in the election .
Ebury Press ( publishers of the People 's Manifesto ) agreed to fund a candidate , and so we began the selection process .
People were invited to submit themselves as candidates ( via a website ) and asked various probing questions about their policy priorities , what local issues should be highlighted and details of their campaign strategy .
The selection process started with the question " Why do you want to stand as an MP ? "
Anyone who responded using the words " public service " , " duty " or " needs of the community " was immediately rejected .
My favourite answer , incidentally , was : " I 'm not doing much for the next five years . "
However , one candidate really stood out , a chap called Danny Kushlick – who , I am delighted to say , is now the official candidate for the People 's Manifesto .
Kushlick is going to stand in Bristol West , which is a three - way battle with a Lib Dem majority ( recent boundary changes are thought to favour the Lib Dems ) .
Kushlick is a great candidate , with a history of campaigning .
Readers of the Guardian might recognise his name , as he has written in these pages on the issue of drug prohibition .
This is Kushlick 's subject , having worked firstly as a drug counsellor before going on to help set up Transform , the advocacy and research foundation working to end the global war on drugs and replace it with an effective , humane and just system of regulation and control .
Not surprisingly , his main policy is the legalisation of all drugs , but he has selected four other policies he sees as priorities :
1 . The introduction of a Tobin tax ( Robin Hood tax ) on foreign financial transactions .
2 . The Daily Mail should be forced to print on the front of every edition the words : " This is a fictionalised account of the news and any resemblance to the truth is entirely coincidental . "
3 . There should be a referendum before going to war .
4 . MPs should have to wear tabards displaying the names and logos of the companies with which they have a financial relationship , like a racing driver .
Kushlick 's campaign website and details will be online soon .
There is an election rally on 20 April in Bristol at the Metropole : further details to be announced .
Anyone wishing to help support Kushlick 's efforts in Bristol West should go to the People 's Manifesto Facebook page .
In the meantime , let us celebrate the first candidate to declare : " The most important ' special relationship ' is n't with the US , but with your mum . "
From the archives :
Here ’s one of our favorite stories with helpful tips for Smarter Living .
Now that nearly every airline is charging baggage fees , travelers are motivated to pack as efficiently as possible .
And who knows more about packing than professional flight crews ?
In interviews with a dozen flight attendants and pilots , one theme emerged : to pare down and still have everything needed at the destination , think strategically .
Where you ’re going and what you ’ll do there should guide packing , but it is most important to know your absolute essentials .
“ I try to pack everything I ’ll need to survive , ” said Leigh Johnson , a retired American Airlines captain .
The ability to wash shirts and underwear is important to him , so Mr. Johnson brings laundry soap .
And because he often arrives at the airport for a flight before the restaurants open , he packs food .
“ I ’m not wasting my hour of preflight looking for something to eat , ” he said , explaining that he seals bananas , bread and plastic containers of olive oil in plastic bags and tucks them inside his packed shoes .
A surprising number of pilots and flight attendants say they always carry food .
“ More flight attendants carry food than don’t , ” said Heather Poole , a flight attendant and travel blogger at www.heatherpoole.com.
Professional travelers also pack personal electronics like e-book readers and laptops .
Patrick Smith , an airline pilot who writes the Salon column Ask the Pilot , often brings a camera so he can post his travel videos online .
Windfall rewards give CEOs an incentive to put worker lives at risk .
To see all workers safe , our most recent mining tragedy reminds us , maybe we need to end those windfalls .
By Sam Pizzigati
In a perverse sort of way , CEOs like Don Blankenship , the chief executive at Massey Energy , the owner of the West Virginia mine where 29 coal miners died last week , perform a vital public service .
They lay bare , with their brutal behavior and chilling candor , just how deadly our current corporate order can be .
Before last week , at least outside West Virginia , Blankenship toiled in relative obscurity .
That would suddenly change once reporters , after the explosion at Massey ’s Upper Big Branch mine , asked the CEO about the mine ’s long history of safety violations .
Americans the nation over shuddered at his response .
“ Violations , ” the Massey chief unapologetically pronounced , “ are unfortunately a normal part of the mining process . ”
At Upper Big Branch , we soon learned , “ normal ” meant plentiful .
Mine safety officials last year cited the mine for over 500 violations — and 53 more just last month .
In the two months before Monday ’s blast , the mine ’s methane levels had run so dangerously high that miners had to evacuate three separate times .
Overall , adds the Washington Post , “ significant ” safety violations at Upper Big Branch have been running “ 11 times the national average . ”
Massey under CEO Blankenship is n’t just racking up safety violations .
The coal company , the nation ’s fourth largest , is aggressively appealing citations to court , part of an industry - wide counterattack against new federal safety rules enacted in 2006 , after 12 miners died in the West Virginia mining town of Sago .
In 2009 , Massey collected 50 serious safety violations and appealed 37 , a pattern , Rep. George Miller charged at a recent hearing , that threatens to “ render the federal efforts to hold mine operators accountable meaningless . ”
Massey CEO
Blankenship has , over the years , devoted substantial time and treasure to keeping mine operators unaccountable .
In 2004 he spent $ 3 million to knock an incumbent off the West Virginia Supreme Court .
The Blankenship - blessed winner went on to supply the decisive vote in the state high court rulings that negated a $ 50 million jury verdict against Massey .
Labor leaders consider Blankenship the “ main reason ” why West Virginia ’s mines face little union oversight , on safety or anything else .
Once 95 percent organized , the state ’s mines now run overwhelmingly nonunion .
For environmentalists , Blankenship ranks as the nation ’s fiercest promoter of stripping away mountaintops to get at coal seams .
As a U.S. Chamber of Commerce director , the Massey top exec has also emerged as a key ringleader among climate change deniers .
Meanwhile , the members of Massey ’s corporate board of directors remain absolutely tickled with Blankenship ’s “ performance ” as CEO .
Late this past December , they signed him to a new two - year pay deal .
The old deals had n’t been too shabby .
In 2005 , Blankenship pulled in nearly $ 34 million , “ roughly four times the industry standard , ” notes the New York Times .
He followed that up , according to Associated Press reports , with over $ 17.5 million in 2006 and $ 23.7 million more in 2007 .
Blankenship ’s take - home would dip to $ 19.7 million in 2008 , and Massey has n’t yet released figures for 2009 .
The new deal dishes Blankenship $ 83,222 per month in base salary for 2010 and 2011 , as much as $ 10 million more each year in cash incentives , plus a tidy pile of “ performance - based ” stock incentives , not to mention retirement benefits and perqs “ including , but not limited to , use of the Company ’s airplanes . ”
These outsized rewards give Blankenship all the wherewithal he needs to continue distorting the democratic process in West Virginia and Washington .
More importantly , these indecently lavish rewards give Blankenship a continuing incentive to behave indecently , to put miners at risk by cutting corners to speed production and meet his “ maximum bonus ” metrics .
Safety , to be sure , does appear as one of the “ performance ” standards in the pay deal Blankenship signed in December .
In fact , safety has been one of his “ performance ” benchmarks almost all along .
That sounds somewhat responsible , on the part of the Massey Energy board of directors , until you look more closely .
In 2007 , for instance , safety turned out to count for only 10 percent of the criteria Blankenship needed to meet to grab his pay incentives .
All the other criteria involved pumping coal out fast and maximizing corporate earnings .
And Massey ’s safety standard itself , “ Non-Fatal Days Lost , ” does n’t exactly qualify as a “ zero tolerance ” stance against death in the mines .
This “ NFDL ” standard merely multiplies “ the number of employee work - related accidents times 200,000 hours , divided by the total employee hours worked . ”
Death does n’t factor in .
In other words , miners can die and Blankenship ’s “ performance ” can still shine .
That ’s the magic — and the horror — of “ performance - based ” executive pay .
Enhance shareholder value , all else will be forgiven .
Sam Pizzigati edits Too Much , the online newsletter on excess and inequality published by the Washington , D.C. - based Institute for Policy Studies .
Too Much appears weekly .
Read the current issue or sign up to receive Too Much in your email inbox .
Watch children take and talk about the test on racial biases with Anderson Cooper and Soledad O'Brien on tonight 's " AC360 " 10 pm ET
( CNN ) --
A white child looks at a picture of a black child and says she 's bad because she 's black .
A black child says a white child is ugly because he 's white .
A white child says a black child is dumb because she has dark skin .
This is n't a schoolyard fight that takes a racial turn , not a vestige of the " Jim Crow " South ; these are American schoolchildren in 2010 .
Nearly 60 years after American schools were desegregated by the landmark Brown v. Board of Education ruling , and more than a year after the election of the country 's first black president , white children have an overwhelming white bias , and black children also have a bias toward white , according to a new study commissioned by CNN .
Renowned child psychologist and University of Chicago professor Margaret Beale Spencer , a leading researcher in the field of child development , was hired as a consultant by CNN .
She designed the pilot study and used a team of three psychologists to implement it : two testers to execute the study and a statistician to help analyze the results .
Her team tested 133 children from schools that met very specific economic and demographic requirements .
In total , eight schools participated : four in the greater New York City area and four in Georgia .
Full coverage : Kids on Race
In each school , the psychologists tested children from two age groups : 4 to 5 and 9 to 10 .
Since this is a pilot study and not a fully funded scientific study , the sample size and race selection were limited .
But according to Spencer , it was satisfactory to yield conclusive results .
A pilot study is normally the first step in creating a larger scientific study and often speaks to overall trends that require more research .
Full doll study results
Spencer 's test aimed to re-create the landmark Doll Test from the 1940s .
Those tests , conducted by psychologists Kenneth and Mamie Clark , were designed to measure how segregation affected African - American children .
The Clarks asked black children to choose between a white doll and -- because at the time , no brown dolls were available -- a white doll painted brown .
They asked black children a series of questions and found they overwhelmingly preferred white over brown .
The study and its conclusions were used in the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education case , which led to the desegregation of American schools .
1947 Doll Test results
In the new study , Spencer 's researchers asked the younger children a series of questions and had them answer by pointing to one of five cartoon pictures that varied in skin color from light to dark .
The older children were asked the same questions using the same cartoon pictures , and were then asked a series of questions about a color bar chart that showed light to dark skin tones .
The tests showed that white children , as a whole , responded with a high rate of what researchers call " white bias , " identifying the color of their own skin with positive attributes and darker skin with negative attributes .
Spencer said even black children , as a whole , have some bias toward whiteness , but far less than white children .
" All kids on the one hand are exposed to the stereotypes " she said .
" What 's really significant here is that white children are learning or maintaining those stereotypes much more strongly than the African - American children .
Therefore , the white youngsters are even more stereotypic in their responses concerning attitudes , beliefs and attitudes and preferences than the African - American children . "
Spencer says this may be happening because " parents of color in particular had the extra burden of helping to function as an interpretative wedge for their children .
Parents have to reframe what children experience ... and the fact that white children and families do n't have to engage in that level of parenting , I think , does suggest a level of entitlement .
You can spend more time on spelling , math and reading , because you do n't have that extra task of basically reframing messages that children get from society . "
i Report :
Where do we go from here ?
Spencer was also surprised that children 's ideas about race , for the most part , do n't evolve as they get older .
The study showed that children 's ideas about race change little from age 5 to age 10 .
" The fact that there were no differences between younger children , who are very spontaneous because of where they are developmentally , versus older children , who are more thoughtful , given where they are in their thinking , I was a little surprised that we did not find differences . "
Spencer said the study points to major trends but is not the definitive word on children and race .
It does lead her to conclude that even in 2010 , " we are still living in a society where dark things are devalued and white things are valued . "
CNN 's Jill Billante and Chuck Hadad contributed to this report .
Watch Anderson Cooper 360° weeknights 8 pm ET .
For the latest from AC360° click here .
It is a question that taxi-seekers in New York often ponder :
Is there some kind of secret formula for where to find a cab in this town ?
Turns out , there is .
The most popular corners to catch a yellow cab in Manhattan can now be pinpointed , at any hour of any day of the week , thanks to a record of 90 million actual taxi trips that have been silently tracked by the city .
On a Saturday at 11 p.m. , it is easier to hail a cab on the nightclub - and - bar - filled Lower East Side than at Grand Central Terminal .
Columbus Circle gets more passenger pickups than the Port Authority bus station .
And make sure you are in the right neighborhood : taxi rides are 25 times as likely to start in the West Village as in Washington Heights .
The Taxi and Limousine Commission hopes the information , collected by GPS , can be used to create helpful tie-ins for customers , like a new smartphone program that lets mobile users locate the ideal nearby corner to hail a cab .
It says something about the nesting habits of certain bookish New Yorkers that when a shopper took a wrong turn out of the Strand one day , he wandered into Hank O'Neal 's apartment and mistook it for an annex of the bookstore .
He was looking for the rare book room , but he took the wrong door , which led to the wrong elevator , which opened directly onto Mr. O'Neal 's front hall .
There the man was , methodically making his way along a hallway bookshelf sagging under the complete works of Djuna Barnes when Mr. O'Neal 's wife , Shelley Shier , looked up .
'' Excuse me , can I help you ? '' she called .
'' Oh , no , '' the man answered cheerily .
'' Just browsing . ''
New York City is full of people like Mr. O'Neal -- lifelong bibliophiles with a proclivity for accumulation , holed up in compact spaces in the intimate company of thousands upon thousands upon thousands of books .
The phenomenon is not unique to New York , but it is abetted by a few facts of life here :
Books are ubiquitous and often affordable ; space is tight , and rent laws , just renewed , encourage people to stay put .
The story of Homo keeps getting weirder and weirder .
Just as I was getting used to the idea that Neandertals and more modern Homo sapiens may have made the beast with two backs , somebody calls my attention to yet another lineage of Homo that may have coexisted with both of them .
This conclusion comes from DNA extracted from a single bone and described in a paper by Krause et al .
( and , of course , Svante Pääbo ) in the April 8 issue of Nature .
First , a wee bit of background .
We now know ( or at least think ) that there were three migrations of our relatives out of Africa :
The first migration of Homo erectus from Africa throughout Eurasia ( and maybe to Indonesia ) , beginning 1.9 million years ago .
H. erectus seems to have vanished without leaving descendants , though we ’re not sure about this .
And the “ hobbit , ” H. floresiensis , which lived in Indonesia until only 12,000 years ago , may have come from this migration .
The migration that gave rise to Neandertals , beginning about 500,000 years ago .
We now think that these individuals went extinct without leaving descendants , but left a few of their genes by hybridizing with members of the third migration .
The final migration that took place about 60,000 years ago , giving rise , so we think , to all modern humans .
But the new paper suggests that there may have been a fourth out - of - Africa migration .
The genetic data suggesting this comes from a single finger bone found in a cave in the Altai Mountains in southern Siberia ( see circled location in Fig. 1 below ) .
While the cave may have been sporadically occupied by hominins starting 125,000 years ago , the bone comes from a stratum dating between 30,000 and 48,000 years ago .
Fig .
1 . Locations of specimens used in DNA analysis .
Modern humans in gray , Neandertals in blue , Denisova individual circled in red .
After extracting the DNA from this bone ( and again let us remember how remarkable an achievement this is ) , the authors sequenced the entire mitochondrial genome .
They then compared its sequence to that of several modern human populations , some already - sequenced Neanderthal mtDNAs , and a bonobo and a chimp as outgroups .
What they found , as seen in Figure 2 below , is that the Denisova sample was an outgroup to Neandertals and modern humans ; that is , it diverged from the ( Neandertal + modern human ) lineage roughly a million years ago , well before the divergence of the Neandertal and modern human lineages from each other .
Fig .
2 . Mitochondrial DNA phylogeny of modern humans ( gray ) , Neandertals ( blue ) and the individual from Denisova ( red )
What this means is that this individual could not have been part of either of the last two out - of - Africa migrations , nor could it have been part of the earlier migration 1.9 million years ago , since it diverged from our own lineage well after our lineage diverged from the ancestors of Homo erectus .
This tentatively suggests that there was yet another migration out of Africa — a fourth — that gave rise to the Denisova individual and the population to which it belonged .
Further , this “ species ” could have been a contemporary of Neandertals and modern humans .
The authors note that individuals with Neandertal - like mtDNA lived only 100 km away from Denisova at about the same time , and other artifacts suggest that “ modern ” humans also lived in the region around 40,000 years ago .
It ’s possible , then , that there could have been three evolutionarily independent species of hominins living in the same area of Asia at about the same time .
( We already know a similar situation held for earlier species of hominins in Africa ) .
More opportunities for hybridization !
Now this conclusion is tentative , for it ’s based on mitochondrial DNA from a single individual .
It ’s possible that there was simply an ancient mitochondrial DNA kicking around in the Neandertal genome , and this individual was simply a Neandertal that had it .
This can be resolved by looking at both other individuals and at the nuclear DNA of Denisova samples .
( I do n’t know if there are enough bones to provide this ) .
And of course we ca n’t yet tell if this individual was a member of a new species of Homo .
That ’s hard to tell from mitochondrial DNA , although zoologists often blithely ( and , I think , erroneously ) diagnose new species of animals based on an observed difference in mtDNA sequences .
Steve Gould once wrote that when he taught human evolution each year , his first job was to throw out all the lecture notes from the preceding year .
With our remarkable ability to recover and sequence DNA from our ancestors and relatives , and the use of “ phylogeography ” to trace human movement using present - day genetic patterns , the field is moving even faster now .
I am certain there are big surprises in store .
Fig .
3 . Altai Mountains of Siberia , a view from just above the cave at Denisova where the new specimen was found ( Photo by J. Krause , from Nature ) .
__________
J. Krause , Q. Fu , J. M. Good , B. Viola , M. V. Shunkov , A. P. Derevianko and S. Pääbo. 2010 .
The complete mitochondrial DNA genome of an unknown hominin from southern Siberia .
Nature 464:838-839
According to The Hollywood Reporter , Warner Bros. has unveiled plans to remake the 1980s children 's fantasy classic The NeverEnding Story .
Producing team Frank Marshall and Kathleen Kennedy ( The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ) and Leonardo DiCaprio 's company Appian Way are in negotiations with Warner Bros. about reviving the the franchise with a modern spin .
The studio recently acquired the remake rights to the property , allowing them the go ahead .
The film was originally based on a German - language novel by Michael Ende , which focuses on a boy named Bastian Balthazar Bux who discovers a parallel world through the pages of a mysterious book entitled " The NeverEnding Story . "
As the boy delves deeper into the book , he begins to realize that the mythical land of Fantasia desperately needs a hero to save it from destruction .
The original 1984 hit was directed by Wolfgang Petersen and was subsequently followed by a George Miller - directed sequel in 1990 and a third movie in 1996 , which went straight to video .
The remake plans are still in very early stages and writers have not been attached .
Wall Street groveling
The New York Times has a nice round - up of the apologies proffered by various titans of Wall Street , which range from not much of an apology at all ( " The issue is not so much the products , but the housing market ” ) to pretty contrite ( " The issue is not so much the products , but the housing market . ” ) .
But if you 're looking for some really good groveling , check out Citigroup 's statement upon announcing that it had made $ 4.4 billion in profits over the first quarter .
" All of us at Citi recognize that we would not be where we are without the assistance of American taxpayers , " says the company .
" We are gratified that Citi has been able to repay their TARP investment in our company , with a substantial return , as well as create a significant increase in the value of their equity in Citi .
Still , that is not enough .
We owe taxpayers a huge debt of gratitude for assisting us at a critical time . "
And indeed they do .
All that said , you can sort of understand why the Wall Street CEOs are n't more personally apologetic .
Given that all their colleagues and competitors made pretty much the same mistake , it 's hard for them to understand why anyone thinks they personally did something wrong .
It really was bigger than Dick Fuld .
But that goes to how tone - deaf they are :
They 're being asked to apologize as representatives of -- and participants in -- Wall Street , which collectively did something terrible .
*******************************
PLEASE NOTE THIS SITE IS RETIRED .
THE CURRENT SITE IS HumanistContemplative.org
*******************************
Non-Religious Buddhism ?
This follows up on my
I 'll quote a little of the article .
The title and subtitle are as follows ...
KILLING THE BUDDHA
" Kill the Buddha , " says the old koan .
" Kill Buddhism , " says SAM HARRIS , author of The End of Faith , who argues that Buddhism 's philosophy , insight , and practices would benefit more people if they were not presented as a religion .
Sam Harris notes that there are " some ideas in Buddhism that are so incredible as to render the dogma of the virgin birth plausible by comparison . "
He notes the example of some believing the notion that Guru Rinpoche was born from a lotus .
To add in my own commentary here : he seems to take little notice of the differences between the various schools of Buddhism ( which vary in their degree of these things ) with the phrase " ideas in Buddhism " .
He also does n't seem to appreciate the degree to which the native ignorance , culture , and beliefs in which Buddhism has sprung has sometimes integrated with the practice of Buddhism .
But then again , perhaps he does .
He goes on to say ...
For the fact is that a person can embrace the Buddha 's teaching , and even become a genuine Buddhist contemplative ( and , one must presume , a buddha ) without believing anything on insufficient evidence .
The same can not be said of the teachings for faith - based religion .
In many respects , Buddhism is very much like science .
One starts with the hypothesis that using attention in the prescribed way ( meditation ) , and engaging in or avoiding certain behaviors ( ethics ) , will bear the promised result ( wisdom and psychological well - being ) .
The spirit of empiricism animates Buddhism to a unique degree .
For this reason , the methodology of Buddhism , if shorn of its religious encumbrances , could be one of our greatest resources as we struggle to develop our scientific understanding of human subjectivity .
In response , I would say that as a Humanist , I too am attracted to the core of Buddhism which does n't require irrational beliefs .
But it seems to me that Harris falls into a convenient trap constructed by history and language .
By that , I mean an overattention , and perhaps a misplaced application of the word " religion " .
In his book ,
" Up until the sixteenth century ' religion ' was synonymous with ' devotion ' and referred to the feelings of awe and wonder , which along with the attitudes of trust and love , constitute the religious life .
' Religion ' was an abstract term which could not be used in the plural . "
The same goes for the names of religions .
For instance , of ' Christianity ' he says :
" This is why it is really only from the sixteenth century that people began to talk about an entity they called Christianity .
Before that time people in Christendom talked about the church or about faith ( by which they meant Christian faith ) or about religion ( by which they meant devotion ) , but never about something known as Christianity . "
And this makes perfect sense .
For example , we do n't make up words for things like , " those who believe that humans have two legs " .
It is such an obvious fact of life to us that there is no reason for us to make up a term for it .
That is , until a substantial number of people start believing that we have three .
Just as there was no term for ' Christianity ' among Christians , I assume there was likely no word for ' Buddhism ' or ' religion ' among ancient Buddhists .
Reifying ' religion ' and calling Buddhism a religion comes from a decidedly European post - 16th - Century practice in which all things were being reified to discuss them objectively .
Of course , it 's a good idea to discuss things objectively and comparatively , and for that you need terms for things .
But in this process , the tradition we call Buddhism was lumped under the label " religion " apparently under the assumption that it had a parallel structure to western religions .
But when we are discussing ancient traditions and practices , we must remember that we are imposing deliniations that did not exist then .
There was no separation between what was ' religion ' and what was simply the facts of the world they lived in .
When one considers the layering of many other concepts that followed the core of Buddhist practice over history , it becomes even more difficult .
So , it 's up to us to decide what is part of a religion and what is not .
More important to Sam Harris ' point , it is up to us to decide which elements are part of the Buddhist religion and which are parts of various Eastern culture which are mixed into the teachings .
I picked up a small booklet called The Buddhist Path at a local Buddhist temple recently .
It outlines methods of meditation , and the eightfold path .
Nowhere in it did it mention karma , rebirth , or being born out of a lotus .
As the various teachings within Buddhism are studied objectively and practice of them spreads , it is up to those people where it spreads to see for themselves what they find useful and question them , as the
Some people are using the term " secular Buddhist " or " philosophic Buddhist " to denote their practice of the teachings which are divorced from certain cultural beliefs , which is fine with me if it suites them .
As for myself , I might fall under the category of Buddhist by the definition of some and not by the definition of others .
In either case , to be sure , I fall under the category of Humanist , naturalist , skeptic , and Freethinker .
But rather than focusing first on which flag I 'm going to fly , I prefer to pick up good ideas and practices where they are .
If others do or do n't consider me this or that - or consider x to be a religion and y not to be - well that 's up to them .
This follows up on my previous post about respect , in which I mention Sam Harris .
I 've recently come across an interesting article Sam Harris has written in the March issue of a Buddhist magazine called The Shambhala Sun I 'll quote a little of the article .
The title and subtitle are as follows ... Sam Harris notes that there are " some ideas in Buddhism that are so incredible as to render the dogma of the virgin birth plausible by comparison . "
He notes the example of some believing the notion that Guru Rinpoche was born from a lotus .
To add in my own commentary here : he seems to take little notice of the differences between the various schools of Buddhism ( which vary in their degree of these things ) with the phrase " ideas in Buddhism " .
He also does n't seem to appreciate the degree to which the native ignorance , culture , and beliefs in which Buddhism has sprung has sometimes integrated with the practice of Buddhism .
But then again , perhaps he does .
He goes on to say ...
In response , I would say that as a Humanist , I too am attracted to the core of Buddhism which does n't require irrational beliefs .
But it seems to me that Harris falls into a convenient trap constructed by history and language .
By that , I mean an overattention , and perhaps a misplaced application of the word " religion " .
In his book , Christianity without God , Lloyd Geering points out that it was n't until the sixteenth century that the west began to use terms like " Christianity " and " religion " .
He says : The same goes for the names of religions .
For instance , of ' Christianity ' he says :
And this makes perfect sense .
For example , we do n't make up words for things like , " those who believe that humans have two legs " .
It is such an obvious fact of life to us that there is no reason for us to make up a term for it .
That is , until a substantial number of people start believing that we have three .
Just as there was no term for ' Christianity ' among Christians , I assume there was likely no word for ' Buddhism ' or ' religion ' among ancient Buddhists .
Reifying ' religion ' and calling Buddhism a religion comes from a decidedly European post - 16th - Century practice in which all things were being reified to discuss them objectively .
Of course , it 's a good idea to discuss things objectively and comparatively , and for that you need terms for things .
But in this process , the tradition we call Buddhism was lumped under the label " religion " apparently under the assumption that it had a parallel structure to western religions .
But when we are discussing ancient traditions and practices , we must remember that we are imposing deliniations that did not exist then .
There was no separation between what was ' religion ' and what was simply the facts of the world they lived in .
When one considers the layering of many other concepts that followed the core of Buddhist practice over history , it becomes even more difficult .
So , it 's up to us to decide what is part of a religion and what is not .
More important to Sam Harris ' point , it is up to us to decide which elements are part of the Buddhist religion and which are parts of various Eastern culture which are mixed into the teachings .
I picked up a small booklet called The Buddhist Path at a local Buddhist temple recently .
It outlines methods of meditation , and the eightfold path .
Nowhere in it did it mention karma , rebirth , or being born out of a lotus .
As the various teachings within Buddhism are studied objectively and practice of them spreads , it is up to those people where it spreads to see for themselves what they find useful and question them , as the Kalama Sutra encourages .
In the end , I myself will tend to delight in philosophies and practices I find true , rational , and useful from a variety of sources , religious or not .
Some people are using the term " secular Buddhist " or " philosophic Buddhist " to denote their practice of the teachings which are divorced from certain cultural beliefs , which is fine with me if it suites them .
As for myself , I might fall under the category of Buddhist by the definition of some and not by the definition of others .
In either case , to be sure , I fall under the category of Humanist , naturalist , skeptic , and Freethinker .
But rather than focusing first on which flag I 'm going to fly , I prefer to pick up good ideas and practices where they are .
If others do or do n't consider me this or that - or consider x to be a religion and y not to be - well that 's up to them .
Previous Posts Interconnectedness
Respect : What It Means To Me
Humanism & Christianity ?
Free Speech : What Is A Right ?
Question Everything
The Greater Offense To Islam
Exploring Meditation
Philosophy or Religion ?
Google Alternatives
Do n't Be Evil ...
Unless You Can Make A Buck
Video : Solar sail Video : Solar sail
Sailing on a sunbeam ( Image : Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) )
Update : Japan has successfully deployed the IKAROS sail , and its solar cells are generating power .
The Planetary Society provides a summary and pictures .
ICARUS ’S wings melted when he flew too close to the sun .
Here ’s hoping a similar fate does n’t befall his namesake , the solar sail due to be unfurled by Japan ’s aerospace exploration agency ( JAXA ) next week .
If all goes to plan , it will be the first spacecraft fully propelled by sunlight .
Solar sails like IKAROS , short for Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation
Of the Sun , aim to move forward by harnessing the momentum of photons colliding with it .
The idea may be decades old , but solar sails have remained largely untested .
Several sails have been unfurled in space to test deployment , and spacecraft like NASA ’s Mercury probe , Messenger , have used the pressure of sunlight to alter trajectories .
But no spacecraft has used a sail as its primary means of propulsion .
Advertisement
Made of polyimide resin , IKAROS ’s sail measures 20 metres from corner to corner , but is just 0.0075 millimetres thick .
To survive the launch and the trip into space , the gossamer sail will be folded accordion - style , then wrapped around the centre of the spacecraft .
To unfurl its sail , IKAROS will spin some 25 times per minute .
The spacecraft ’s rotation will be used to extend four “ arms ” of folded material , and the rest of the sail will follow ( see diagram ) .
On 18 May , an H - IIA rocket will carry IKAROS into space along with its main payload , Japan ’s new Venus orbiter ( see “ Venus orbiter to fly close to super - rotating wind ” ) .
By piggybacking on the Venus launch , IKAROS will be able to get out of Earth orbit , where testing should be relatively simple .
Solar sails that are tested in Earth ’s orbit must adjust their orientation with the sun regularly to build energy , says Bruce Betts of The Planetary Society in Pasadena , California , which hopes to launch its own sail , LightSail - 1 , into orbit as early as next year , paving the way for an eventual interplanetary mission .
“ They ’re doing it the way we would like to do it , ” Betts says .
“ Interplanetary space is what solar sails are really designed for . ”
IKAROS ’s trip will probably last six months at the longest , says JAXA ’s Junichiro Kawaguchi .
But it could pave the way for more missions .
The spacecraft will carry thin - film solar cells on its sail to show that it can also generate power .
If all goes well , the demonstration could lead to a “ hybrid ” , sun-driven mission to Jupiter .
Martin Scorsese appears to be the latest director embracing 3 - D , according to Variety .
The filmmaker plans to experiment with the technology for the first time with his forthcoming project “ The Invention of Hugo Cabret , ” which is expected to start filming in the U.K. in June with a potential December 2011 release .
The movie , an adaptation of the young - adult novel by Brian Selznick , tells the story of 12 - year - old Hugo , an orphan , clock keeper and thief who lives in the walls of a Paris train station in the 1930s .
Ben Kingsley , Sacha Baron Cohen and “ Kick - Ass ” star Chloe Moretz are signed on to the film .
News in Science
The hole in the ozone layer : 25 years on
This year marks 25 years since the publication of a paper confirming the existence of an ozone ' hole ' above Antarctica , which soon led to an international treaty banning the use of certain chemicals .
Jonathan Shanklin head of meteorology and ozone monitoring at the British Antarctic Survey was one of the authors of the paper published in the science journal Nature .
" It was about just over 30 years ago that I joined the Antarctic Survey , " says Shanklin .
" Early on one of the jobs I was given was helping to process the ozone data that was coming in from our Antarctic stations . "
The ozone layer , which resides in the lower layers of the stratosphere ( 13 to 20 kilometres above the Earth 's surface ) , prevents dangerous amounts of ultraviolet light reaching the Earth 's surface .
Shanklin says , " There had been lots of concern that Concord and spray cans might destroy the ozone layer so I thought I would try and reassure people that nothing was happening . "
But when he compared that year 's data with data from 20 years ago he found there had been a clear change in the Antarctic spring .
' Exciting ' find
" What we had to do was go back through the missing 10 years of data and then I was able to demonstrate that it was systematic , " says Shanklin .
" The Americans went back to their satellite data and said ' whoops , yes you 're right ' .
" There was indeed a large hole above the Antarctic forming each spring , and that was really the discovery .
So [ it was ] an exciting period . "
Although the discovery may have seemed exciting at first , there was soon the realisation that the hole may have a direct impact on humans .
" Having a hole really sounds bad .
You 've got to do something about it - you 've got to fill in a hole , " says Shanklin .
" Also the link between increased UV and skin cancer meant that there was great public concern about the issue .
Equally the manufacturers had a relatively simple solution towards finding replacements .
In 1987 , the Montreal Protocol was signed , which led to the phasing out of chemicals responsible for creating the ozone hole , such as chlorofluorocarbons and hydrochlorofluorocarbons .
" Everything fell into place really quite easily to get a coordinated response . "
Greenhouse gases
Despite the apparent deadlock in seeking an agreement to reduce the rate of greenhouse gas emissions , Shanklin believes one will eventuate .
" It 's quite clear that once the political will is there a solution can be found .
I think the key thing is getting that political will in place , " he says .
" Sadly I fear that what it will take is a disaster that swings public opinion towards making changes . "
" I hope it does n't occur .
I hope that the politicians will sign up to a binding and lasting international treaty because that would be the best solution for the present and for the future generations . "
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
My apologies to Jeff Kinney .
I actually think his book is awesome , but it 's clearly biased against dumb jocks .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 12 , 2010
While many are expressing disappointment and even despair that the Senate voted down Ron Paul ’s audit the Fed bill while passing a weakened version , Congressman Alan Grayson is confident that the stronger provisions of the original House amendment can be added in Committee , ensuring the Federal Reserve does n’t get off the hook , as Congressman Paul has warned .
The Senate last night voted 96 - 0 in favor of a compromise amendment that requires the GAO to conduct a one time audit of the Federal Reserve that will focus on which financial institutions received over $ 2 trillion dollars in bailout funds during the peak of the economic crisis .
However , the Senate voted down 37 - 62 Senator David Vitter ’s audit the Fed amendment , which mirrored Ron Paul ’s version that was passed by Congress .
The stronger version would have ensured ongoing congressional audits and would have severely hampered the Fed ’s ability to continue its credit swap program which has seen billions of U.S. dollars sent to foreign banks .
Congressman Paul has dismissed the watered down version as a placebo amendment that lets the Fed off the hook , noting with suspicion how it was enthusiastically supported by the Obama administration .
“ If they ’re all supporting it , I would be very suspicious that the Fed is quite aware of this and they ’re satisfied with this and maybe they think they ’re getting off the hook , ” Paul said in a recent interview .
However , Congressman Alan Grayson , who has been a vehement supporter of Ron Paul ’s efforts to properly audit the Fed , believes that the one time audit is an important step towards full transparency .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Grayson is confident that a one time audit would expose the Fed ’s arguments for secrecy as a ruse , leading to greater pressure to enact regular audits .
He believes that the stronger provisions of the Ron Paul version can be merged into the bill the Senate passed last night .
“ The Senate audit provision is n’t as strong as what we passed in the House , ” writes Grayson , adding , “ The Senate provision has only a one - time audit , whereas what we passed in the House would allow audits going forward .
There will be a conference committee that will merge the provisions from the two bills … .
So we will be fighting on to get a full audit from the conference committee . ”
“ No longer can Ben Bernanke get away with saying , “ I do n’t know . ”
Now , we ’re going to know who got what , and why , ” writes Grayson , referring to his confrontations with Bernanke in which he demanded to get answers on where the bailout money had gone .
Grayson says the one time audit represents significant progress given the overwhelming opposition to Fed transparency just months ago .
“ Let ’s not lose sight of what we have accomplished so far – real independent inquiry into the Fed , and its incestuous relationships with Wall Street banks .
For the first time ever , ” writes Grayson .
“ Our calls , emails , lobbying , blogging , and support really mattered .
We made it happen .
Today , we beat the Fed , ” he concludes .
It remains to be seen whether Grayson can help piggy back the stronger provisions onto the watered down amendment , but as it stands , the version passed by the Senate will at least crank the door ajar on Fed secrecy .
But some fear that door could once again be slammed shut subsequent to a whitewash and a limited audit .
During a speech on the House floor last night , Congressman Ron Paul reacted to the failure of the stronger version of the bill by imploring full transparency in light of the Fed ’s decision to restart loans to foreign banks and governments , which is heaping more future misery on American taxpayers and threatening the long term survival of the U.S. dollar .
Watch the clip below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Like wearing colored contacts , fangs , and black clothes , but do n't want to be associated with the bloodsucking undead ?
In some high schools , a new supernatural subculture is gaining ground : wolfpacks .
Advertisement
With the popularity of Twilight and a new Teen Wolf series on the way , it was only a matter of time before wannabe werewolves started forming their own cliques .
Furry tails aside , they 're not a far cry from the kids playing at being the Cullen clan , but they do n't have an entire South Park episode mocking their existence — yet .
[ via Geekologie ]
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bonobos have been filmed appearing to ' say no ' by shaking their heads , report scientists .
On a number of occasions , bonobos were filmed using side to side head movements to prevent others from doing something they did not want them to do .
In one film a mother is seen shaking her head to stop her infant playing with its food .
This may reflect an early precursor to head - shaking behaviour amongst humans in one of our closest relatives .
The study has been published in the journal Primates .
Disapproving look
" In bonobos , our observations are the first reported use of preventive head - shaking , " say Ms Christel Schneider from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany .
This would raise the question of whether these gestures reflect a primitive precursor of the human ' no ' head - shake
Ms Christel Schneider
Max Planck Institute , Germany
Ms Schneider undertook the study with Dr Josep Call of the Max Planck Institute and Dr Katja Liebal from Freie Universität , Berlin , Germany .
Ms Schneider recalls how the videos captured at Leipzig Zoo in Germany show a bonobo mother shaking her head in disapproval when her infant plays with some food .
" Ulindi , tried to stop her infant , Luiza , from playing with a piece of leek .
Since Luiza took no notice despite repeated attempts to stop her , Ulindi finally shakes her head towards the infant , " she says .
Ulindi eventually throws the leek away whilst the infant still tries to reach for it , the researchers report .
' No ' bonobo
African great apes such as bonobos ( Pan paniscus ) and chimpanzees ( Pan troglodytes ) are known to use head gestures such as nodding , bowing and shaking to communicate with other group members .
Bonobos are already known to use head - shaking to initiate interactions with other members of the group , such as playing .
However , this is the first study to film and observe an ape shaking its head in a negative context to stop or prevent other bonobo behaviour .
The Germany - based scientists observed the behaviour whilst studying bonobos as part of wider study on the communication of great ape infants .
Using video recordings they studied the gestures and behaviour of bonobos , chimpanzees , gorillas and orangutans in six European zoos .
During the study , they witnessed four individual bonobos shaking their heads in this way on 13 different occasions .
Previously only anecdotal reports have noted individual chimpanzees shaking their head to signal ' no ' .
Sophisticated ape
The researchers write how bonobos use a wide range of head gestures compared to chimpanzees , and are considered to be more sophisticated at using their head to signal meaning .
Such sophisticated communication systems may emerge because of the apparently tolerant , cooperative and egalitarian societies that bonobos live in , with their diffuse hierarchies and complex social structures .
In this way , bonobos may have developed the preventative head - shake to say ' no ' and negotiate conflict situations .
The researchers are cautious to say that they cannot be sure the bonobos definitively mean ' no ' when they shake their heads this way .
But it remains the best explanation so far .
More detailed research is now needed to fully establish the functional role of all forms of head gestures across ape species , they say .
The discovery may also provide a unique insight into our own head - shaking tendencies , they suggest .
" If future research can confirm the use of preventive head - shaking in our closest living relatives , the bonobos and chimpanzees , then this would raise the question of whether these gestures reflect a primitive precursor of the human ' no ' head - shake , " says Ms Schneider .
In short , humans may be hardwired to shake their heads to say no .
However , as Ms Schneider told BBC News , it should be noted that head shaking is not always associated with the negative .
" In some cultures , e.g. Bulgaria , head - shaking can mean yes , " she adds .
Never mind your dentist .
Your cardiologist might want you to brush your teeth more often .
Neglecting to brush twice a day could lead to a 70 percent increased risk of cardiovascular disease , according to a new large population - based study .
Researchers examined self - reported oral hygiene habits and coronary disease in 11,869 adults aged 35 and older ( with a mean age of 50 ) from the Scottish Health Survey — a study conducted once every three to five years — between the years 1995 and 2003 .
The team , led by Cesar de Oliveira , a research fellow in epidemiology and public health at University College London , followed up with subjects after an average of eight years to see if they had had a heart attack or coronary disease .
Even though the researchers found that those who reported brushing their teeth less than twice a day were more likely to be male , older , smokers and to have other health issues ( such as diabetes , hypertension and obesity ) , the team controlled for those variables and others and still found that tooth brushing is associated with cardiovascular disease .
The association held even after adjusting for socioeconomic group , visits to dentist , BMI , family history of cardiovascular disease , hypertension and diagnosis of diabetes .
The findings were published online May 27 in the British Medical Journal .
Many previous studies have found a similar link , although other data have shown more modest increases in risk .
One study from 2000 , however , failed to find a convincing link between periodontitis and chronic coronary disease in a study of more than 8,000 people followed for 20 years .
But the authors of the new paper noted that having periodontal disease increases the risk of getting cardiovascular disease in the future by 19 percent ( that figure jumps to 44 percent for people who have periodontal disease before they are 65 ) .
That level of risk increase could " have a profound public health impact , " the authors noted .
Although the study is n't proof of causation , the researchers highlight inflammation as a possible mechanism behind the link between periodontal disease and heart disease .
Chronic inflammation — and the body 's response to it — is thought to be a factor for heart disease , and as the authors noted , periodontal disease " is one of the most common chronic infections and is associated with a moderate systemic inflammatory response . "
As part of the study , de Oliveira and colleagues also tested blood samples from 4,830 of the survey subjects for two key inflammatory markers ( C reactive protein and fibrinogen ) .
They found a strong association between poor oral hygiene routines and high levels of these markers , suggesting inflammation as a possible link between oral and heart health .
The possibility should be enough , the authors noted , to suggest that , " doctors should be alert to the possible oral source of an increase inflammatory burden . "
And it might just be another reason for people to brush more often .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto/ diego_cervo
Image caption Hayabusa returned astonishing images from its encounter with Itokawa
An unmanned Japanese spacecraft designed to return samples from an asteroid has completed an important step on its journey back to Earth .
Hayabusa achieved the second and largest of four engine firings designed to guide the probe back home .
The probe visited the asteroid Itokawa in 2005 , making close approaches designed to capture soil samples .
But the mission has been plagued by technical glitches affecting the engines and communications with Earth .
It remains unclear whether the probe managed to grab any material from Itokawa ; scientists will have to open the capsule to find out .
Image caption
The sample capsule will return to Earth on 13 June
At the weekend , the Japanese Space Agency ( Jaxa ) announced that Hayabusa had successfully completed its second Trajectory Correction Manoeuvre ( TCM ) , guiding the spacecraft to Earth 's " outer rim " .
The craft is now roughly 7,600,000 km from our planet , according to Jaxa .
The spacecraft is scheduled to return to Earth on 13 June .
At a distance of 40,000 km from Earth , the Hayabusa " mothership " will release its sample return capsule .
Shielding should protect the capsule from the high temperatures it will experience during re-entry .
Parachutes will then deploy to slow the capsule 's speed for its touchdown in the Australian outback .
It is due to land at the Woomera Test Facility in South Australia at around 1400 GMT .
Scientists will be on tenterhooks as they wait for the capsule to be opened .
Even if Hayabusa failed to grab large samples at Itokawa , the capsule may still contain some residues from the asteroid which could be analysed in laboratories .
Image caption Hayabusa probably failed to collect large samples from the asteroid
Researchers have already been able to study remote sensing data sent back to Earth by the spacecraft during its encounter with the asteroid .
Hayabusa - which means " Falcon " in Japanese - was launched from the Kagoshima Space Center in Japan on 9 May 2003 .
It arrived at Itokawa in September 2005 , returning astonishing images of the potato - shaped asteroid 's jagged terrain .
Hayabusa made two " touchdowns " designed to collect rocks and soil for return to Earth .
But it apparently failed to fire a metal bullet designed to gather the samples .
Asteroids contain primordial material left over from the formation of the Solar System billions of years ago .
A fuel leak in 2005 left Hayabusa 's chemical propellant tanks empty , so engineers had to use the spacecraft 's ion engines to guide the spacecraft home .
Ion thrusters are highly efficient but have a low acceleration .
This means that each trajectory correction takes much longer to complete than it would with chemical engines .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
21 September 2020 • 6 - minute read
How to get clients as a freelancer or contractor : 7 tried - and - tested methods
Wondering how to get clients as a freelancer or contractor ?
Our guide explains more , as well as what you might need to include in a …
Read more
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
More light has been shed on orchids that trick male bees into pollinating them by mimicking female insects .
The bees , lured by a pheromone - packed scent , attempt to mate with the flowers , but unwittingly carry away pollen after their visit .
Now , scientists working in the south of France have found how the flowers ' false advertising could help new species of orchids to arise .
The research is published in the journal BMC Evolutionary Biology .
Lead scientist Dr Nicolas Vereecken , from the Free University of Brussels ( Universite Libre de Bruxelles ) , said : " This pollination strategy is only known in orchids .
" For flowers to attract insects by imititating the female mating signals instead of advertising nectar or oil or pollen is very peculiar . "
The floral odour that the flowers produced , he said , was key .
This male bee is attracted to O. lupercalis by its scent
To find out more about the orchid 's deceptive methods , a team of researchers from Belgium , Switzerland and Italy looked at two species of orchids that grow in southern France : Ophrys arachnitiformis and Ophrys lupercalis .
While both of these species draw in males by acting as female impersonators , they both emit very different scents that attract different species of bees .
Dr Vereecken said : " Because they usually attract different solitary bee species , and the position of each bee on the orchid is different - for one species , the insect picks up the pollen masses on its head , on the other one , it picks up the pollen masses on its back - there is virtually no chance for cross-pollination to occur . "
However , the scientists were surprised to find a large population of a hybrid species of orchid growing nearby , created by interbreeding between Ophrys arachnitiformis and Ophrys lupercalis .
The hybrid orchid attracted a third , different bee species Video surveillance revealed that the bees , which usually were only lured to one species of orchid , had for some reason been tempted to play the field .
Dr Vereecken told BBC
News : " We have seen the male of one bee species that usually visits Ophrys arachnitiformis visiting the other orchid .
And it picks up one pollen mass on its head and another pollen mass its back .
" It shows how fast this reproductive isolation can be broken down in a single visit . "
After the team looked more closely at the new hybrid orchid , they made another surprising discovery .
The scientists had previously thought that any orchid hybrids would produce a female - enticing scent that was mid-way between the aromas that its parent plants produced .
But this hybrid was producing a completely different odour , which in turn attracted the sexual advances of a third bee species .
This would mean , if the hybrid was not sterile , as this one was , that an entirely new species of orchid had been created .
Prior to this discovery , the researchers had thought that new species of orchids came about through gradual mutations , which over time altered the orchids ' scent until they attracted new pollinators , preventing any cross-pollination with their un-mutated form .
But the unearthing of the hybrid had added another dimension , said Dr Vereecken .
He said : " Here we have a drastic change just in one generation .
" This study shows virtually all the steps leading to the creation of a new species . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tell a Friend | Link To us Quick Query Adult : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Children : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Comments : Traveller Testimonial Dear Mr.Vijay ,
Thanks a ton for organizing such a wonderful tour of Agra .
Wish you best of luck for the future .
Aaron Yeung - Brisbane , Australia Payment Options
home holidays ultimate uttaranchal Uttaranchal Tour Package
Duration : 9 Days / 8 Nights
Destinations : Corbett , Ranikhet , Kasauni , Nainital
Hills and wildlife includes all living plants and animals to pull holiday makers to stopover again and again to get aware about magic of nature , humorous and playful life of animals , perennial range of lakes , sky ending heights of hills and numerous vista piece of earth Day 1 : Delhi - Corbett
As you will landing at Delhi .
You will be refered to Corbett by Road ( 6hrs ) .
A visit to Garjia Devi Temple after taking blessing and peace will go to hotel where we take her blessings .
Return to the Hotel .
Spend night at the Hotel .
Day 2 : Corbett Early Morning after breakfast , the whole day will dedicated for sight visiting at Corbett National Park with a jocund Safari .
Night will use up at hotel .
Day 3 : Corbett - Ranikhet
After finishing breakfast , we will be towards the Ranikhet by road .
After mid time meal in this day we also deal trip to Chaubatia , Jhoola Devi , Ram Mandir , Upat & Kalika ( Golf Course ) .
Overnight will at hotel .
Day 4 : Ranikhet Early Mornings as you have breakfast we take a trip to Ranikhet , which includes Chaukhutia , Naithna Devi , Jaurasi , Hairakhan Temple and Manila Devi .
Night will enjoy at the Hotel .
Day 5 : Ranikhet - Kasauni
In morning after taking breakfast we arrange a cheerful and enthusiastic trip to Kausani .
On the way we enjoy all aesthetic view at Almora and visit the Jageshwar Temple .
Night will use up at hotel .
Day 6 : Kasauni
The starting of the day with the sunny view of the Sunrise up to the Himalayan acme .
We go back to hotel and will complete our breakfast .
After sometime we proceed to the Baijnath Temple .
Remaining day will devoted for leisure and overnight at Hotel .
Day 7 : Kasauni - Nainital Staring with breakfast then we leave for Nainital .entire day shopping at Mall Road and night at Hotel .
Day 8 : Nainital After breakfast we take an excursion for Sight Seeing including Naina peak , Snow View , Naini Jheel , Dorothy Seat , Bhimtal , and Hanuman Garhi .
The whole evening spend in boating in the moonlight and Overnight at the Hotel .
Day 9 : Nainital - Delhi
At this day departure from nanital to Delhi will take place .
Tour accomplish happy journey ….
Cost Includes :
Hotel accommodation as per the itinerary .
Daily Breakfast
All Inter destination transfers as pr the itinerary by Air conditioned car .
All must sight seeing
Local English speaking Professional Guides .
Elephant ride in uttaranchal ( subject to availability )
All taxes , driver allowances , parking etc .
Cost does not Include :
Any Airfares , Entrance fee to the Monuments .
Beverages , Tips , Laundry etc .
Any other expenses incurred due to bad weather , road closure etc .
Any other items & services not shown in Cost includes .
Note :
We can customize this tour according to your budget and needs .
Query Form
Despite repeatedly voicing concerns about Arizona 's new immigration enforcement law in recent weeks and threatening to challenge it , Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday he has not yet read the law -- which is only 10 pages long .
" I have not had a chance to -- I 've glanced at it , " Holder said at a House Judiciary Committee hearing when asked by Rep.
Ted Poe , R - Texas whether Holder has read the state law cracking down on illegal immigrants .
" I 'll give you my copy of it if you would like , " Poe responded .
Holder told reporters last month that he fears the new law is subject to abuse and that the Justice Department and the Homeland Security Department are in the midst of conducting a review .
The Arizona law requires local and state law enforcement to question people about their immigration status if there 's reason to suspect they 're in the country illegally , and makes it a state crime to be in the United States illegally .
More On This ... Holder Mum on Allegation of Illegal White House Job Offer to Pennsylvania Rep .
The law has sparked protests across the country , including a City Council - approved boycott of Arizona businesses by Los Angeles .
But proponents deny that the law encourages racial profiling , with some saying the local controversy is a symptom of a broken federal immigration system .
However , varying public opinion polls show 60 - 70 percent of Americans support the law .
Holder said last month that a number of options are under consideration , including the possibility of a court challenge .
On Thursday , Holder said he plans to read the law before reaching a decision on whether he thinks it 's constitutional .
When asked by Poe how he could have constitutional concerns about a law he has not read , Holder said : " Well , what I 've said is that I 've not made up my mind .
I 've only made the comments that I 've made on the basis of things that I 've been able to glean by reading newspaper accounts , obviously , television , talking to people who are on the review panel ... looking at the law . "
On Sunday , Holder said he does not think Arizona 's law is racially motivated but voiced concern that its enforcement could lead to racial profiling .
Holder said he understands the frustration behind the Arizona law , but he warned during an appearance on ABC's " This Week " that " we could potentially get on a slippery slope where people will be picked on because of how they look as opposed to what they have done . "
Click here to watch the Poe - Holder exchange .
CREPY-EN -VALOIS , France Ã¢â‚¬â€ Workers at a French car accessories plant north of Paris threatened Friday to blow up their factory unless they were given better layoff compensation .
Employees at the Sodimatex plant placed petrol bombs near a large gas tank and were threatening to set them on fire .
“ The plant is going to go up in smoke , if that ’s what they want , ” said one worker .
ADVERTISEMENT
Managers sat down with union leaders and labour mediators at the town hall in Crepy - en - Valois in a bid to defuse tensions at the plant , where 92 jobs will be shed .
“ The workers have high expectations about this meeting .
There has to be a concrete result or else anything could happen .
They are very determined , ” said Eric Lemoine , a union activist .
“ Even if we tell them not to do it , some of them might not listen , ” said another union leader , Gerard Decleir .
Staff set fire to pieces of plastic and rolls of carpet at the factory , sending billowing black smoke into the sky as police deployed outside the plant ’s gates .
Industry Minister Christian Estrosi condemned the workers ’ action as “ unacceptable ” and called on them to settle the row with management through talks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Workers are demanding compensation of 21,000 euros ( 28,000 dollars ) each , much more than the 15,000 euros on offer from the owners .
France has its highest unemployment rate in a decade , at 10 percent , with the car industry among the hardest - hit by the global slowdown .
The sector employs 10 percent of the total French workforce .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year , French workers hit by a wave of layoffs carried out a series of “ bossnappings ” to press demands for better redundancy packages , but the radical action has subsided over past months .
President Nicolas
Sarkozy spoke out against the detentions , saying they were illegal , and vowed to take action .
ADVERTISEMENT
In his appeal to the workers , the industry minister said “ only dialogue can lead to results for the workers facing a painful situation with the closure of their plant .
Violence and threats will only lead to a dead - end . ”
Sodimatex , which produces car carpets , announced last April that it planned to shut down its plant in Crepy - en - Valois and began talks on compensation .
But months of negotiations hit an impasse and workers on Thursday decided to occupy the plant after police used tear gas to disperse a protest they were holding near the factory .
ADVERTISEMENT
About 40 workers spent the night at the plant , sleeping on the factory ’s just - produced carpets .
Union activists contend they are seeking the same package as Sodimatex employees from another plant who were given 21,000 euros each when their factory was shut down in 2006 .
A ring of ticket brokers has been indicted in connection to an elaborate hacking scheme that used bots and other fraudulent means to purchase more than 1 million tickets for concerts , sporting events and other events .
The defendants made more than $ 25 million in profits from the resale of the tickets between 2002 and 2009 .
According to the 43 - count federal indictment ( .pdf ) unsealed Monday in New Jersey , the defendants set up a nationwide network through which they were able to impersonate thousands of individual ticket buyers , defeating the security and fraud measures that online ticket vendors such as Ticketmaster , Musictoday and Tickets.com put in place to thwart automated ticket buying .
The defendants did business as Wiseguy Tickets and Seats of San Francisco , and used two shell companies called Smaug and Platinum Technologies to purchase IP blocks and rent servers to conduct the attacks .
Wiseguy often obtained so many premium tickets for an event that it was the leading source for the best tickets to some of the most popular events , according to prosecutors .
They allegedly purchased tickets to Miley Cyrus , Barbra Streisand , Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen concerts , as well as tickets to the Rose Bowl football game in 2006 and the 2007 Major League Baseball playoffs at Yankee Stadium .
In 2007 , the owners offered employees a 100 percent salary bonus if the company met a goal of purchasing 1 million tickets of a certain value , the authorities said .
Wiseguy co-owner Kenneth Lowson allegedly boasted to one of his contractors in 2005 that Wiseguy had purchased 882 out of 1,000 Rose Bowl tickets that had gone on sale for the 2006 championship football game .
On one June day in 2006 , Wiseguy also purchased about 136 tickets for Barbra Streisand 's concert tour .
And in September 2007 , they snagged 229 premium tickets for Bruce Springsteen concerts in New Jersey , and ultimately ended up purchasing more than 11,700 Springsteen tickets that year worth about $ 1.3 million , the authorities said .
In 2007 , they thwarted a ticket lottery set up to purchase tickets to the New York Yankee playoffs .
The lottery limited purchases to two tickets per person , but Wiseguy was able to purchase 1,924 tickets worth about $ 159,000 , the authorities said .
Also in 2007 , they purchased 11,984 tickets for various Miley Cyrus / Hanna Montana concerts around the country worth about $ 916,000 , the authorities said .
Lowson , 40 , and Wiseguy co-owner Kristofer Kirsch , 37 , were indicted along with Chief Financial Officer Faisal Nahdi , 36 , and programmer Joel Stevenson , 37 , on various counts of unauthorized computer access and wire fraud .
Stevenson , who earned $ 150,000 as the outfit 's chief computer programmer and system administrator , allegedly created significant parts of the code used to purchase the tickets and also oversaw a team of other programmers based in the United States and Bulgaria .
The indictment lists the initials of three contract workers in Bulgaria who each earned between $ 1,000 and $ 1,500 a month writing code and managing the network .
Law - abiding online ticket vendors sell tickets on a first - come , first - served basis and have invested millions of dollars in architecture that queues up customers in the order they arrive to a site .
This protocol reserves a ticket or block of tickets in the system for a limited time , such as 5 minutes , while the buyer decides whether to complete the purchase .
Premium tickets can sell out within 30 seconds for popular events , making it crucial where a buyer stands in the queue .
To prevent bots from purchasing tickets in bulk , online ticket vendors use CAPTCHA challenges and Proof of Work software that is designed to detect and slow down computers that are attempting to purchase large numbers of tickets .
Online vendors also block IP addresses used to make bulk purchases .
According to the indictment , Lowson and Kirsch interviewed former employees of online ticket vendors to determine what measures they took to thwart automated buying and also obtained source code , in some cases through hacking .
They then advertised for programmers who could bypass CAPTCHA challenges to get to the purchase page and figure out ways to defeat ticket queues to land coveted spots at the front of the line .
The perpetrators ' bots monitored ticket websites and sprang into action the minute tickets went on sale , opening thousands of internet connections simultaneously , defeating both visual CAPTCHAs and audio CAPTCHAs used for visually impaired customers .
The bots also filled out purchase pages with customer credit card information and fake e-mail addresses .
Ticketmaster used various means to try to thwart Wiseguy 's operation , at one point switching to a service called reCAPTCHA , which is also used by Facebook .
It 's a third - party CAPTCHA that feeds a CAPTCHA challenge to a site 's visitors .
When a customer tries to purchase tickets , Ticketmaster 's network sends a unique code to reCAPTCHA , which then transmits a CAPTCHA challenge to the customer .
But the perpetrators were able to thwart this as well .
They wrote a script that impersonated users trying to access Facebook , and downloaded hundreds of thousands of possible CAPTCHA challenges from reCAPTCHA .
They identified the file ID of each CAPTCHA challenge and created a database of CAPTCHA " answers " to correspond to each ID .
The bot would then identify the file ID of a challenge at Ticketmaster and feed back the corresponding answer .
The bot also mimicked human behavior by occasionally making mistakes in typing the answer , the authorities said .
The perpetrators took orders from ticket brokers , who were required to provide credit card numbers and account holder names in advance of a purchase so they could be programmed into the bot .
Once the account holders received the tickets , they 'd send them to Wiseguy , which would refund their credit card account .
Wiseguy also had a bank of about 1,000 phone numbers that the bot submitted as customer contact numbers .
The bot would seize a block of prize seats , from which Wiseguy employees would cull the best for clients , then release unwanted seats back to the system .
A legitimate ticket buyer who tried to purchase the same seats during this time might find them unavailable one minute , then available the next minute .
Photo : ladybugbkt / Flickr
Boost Creativity : 7 Unusual Psychological Techniques
Looking for the last piece of the puzzle ?
Try these 7 research - based techniques for increasing creativity .
Everyone is creative : we can all innovate given time , freedom , autonomy , experience to draw on , perhaps a role model to emulate and the motivation to get on with it .
But there are times when even the most creative person gets bored , starts going round in circles , or hits a cul - de-sac .
So here are 7 unusual creativity boosters that research has shown will increase creativity :
1. Psychological distance
People often recommend physical separation from creative impasses by taking a break , but psychological distance can be just as useful .
Participants in one study who were primed to think about the source of a task as distant , solved twice as many insight problems as those primed with proximity to the task ( Jia et al. , 2009 ) .
◊ For insight :
Try imagining your creative task as distant and disconnected from your current location .
This should encourage higher level thinking .
2 . Fast forward in time
Like psychological distance , chronological distance can also boost creativity .
Forster et al. ( 2004 ) asked participants to think about what their lives would be like one year from now .
They were more insightful and generated more creative solutions to problems than those who were thinking about what their lives would be like tomorrow .
Thinking about distance in both time and space seems to cue the mind to think abstractly and consequently more creatively .
◊ For insight : Project yourself forward in time ; view your creative task from one , ten or a hundred years distant .
3. Absurdist stimulation
The mind is desperate to make meaning from experience .
The more absurdity it experiences , the harder it has to work to find meaning .
Participants in one study read an absurd short story by Franz Kafka before completing a pattern recognition task ( Proulx , 2009 ) .
Compared with control participants , those who had read the short story showed an enhanced subconscious ability to recognise hidden patterns .
◊ For insight : read Alice in Wonderland , Kafka ’s Metamorphosis , or any other absurdist masterpiece .
Absurdity is a ‘ meaning threat ’ which enhances creativity .
4 . Use bad moods
Positive emotional states increase both problem solving and flexible thinking , and are generally thought to be more conducive to creativity .
But negative emotions also have the power to boost creativity .
One study of 161 employees found that creativity increased when both positive and negative emotions were running high ( George & Zhou , 2007 ) .
They appeared to be using the drama in the workplace positively .
◊ For insight : negative moods can be creativity killers but try to find ways to use them — you might be surprised by what happens .
5. Combining opposites
Interviews with 22 Nobel Laureates in physiology , chemistry , medicine and physics as well as Pulitzer Prize winning writers and other artists has found a surprising similarity in their creative processes ( Rothenberg , 1996 ) .
Called ‘ Janusian thinking ’ after the many - faced Roman god Janus , it involves conceiving of multiple simultaneous opposites .
Integrative ideas emerge from juxtapositions , which are usually not obvious in the final product , theory or artwork .
Physicist Niels
Bohr may have used Janusian thinking to conceive the principle of complementarity in quantum theory ( that light can be analysed as either a wave or a particle , but never simultaneously as both ) .
◊ For insight : set up impossible oppositions , try ridiculous combinations .
If all else fails , pray to Janus .
6 . Path of most resistance
When people try to be creative they usually take the path of least resistance by building on existing ideas ( Ward , 1994 ) .
This is n’t a problem , as long as you do n’t mind variations on a theme .
If you want something more novel , however , it can be limiting to scaffold your own attempts on what already exists .
The path of most resistance can lead to more creative solutions .
◊ For insight : because it ’s the path of least resistance , every man and his dog is going up and down it .
Try off - road .
7. Re-conceptualisation
People often jump to answers too quickly before they ’ve really thought about the question .
Research suggests that spending time re-conceptualising the problem is beneficial .
Mumford et al. ( 1994 ) found that experimental participants produced higher quality ideas when forced to re-conceive the problem in different ways before trying to solve it .
Similarly a classic study of artists found that those focused on discovery at the problem - formulation stage produced better art ( Csikszentmihalyi & Getzels , 1971 ) .
◊ For insight : forget the solution for now , concentrate on the problem .
Are you asking the right question ?
Everyday creativity
Despite all the high falutin talk of Nobel Prize winners and artists , all of these methods can be applied to everyday life .
Combining opposites , choosing the path of most resistance , absurdism and the rest can just as easily be used to help you choose a gift for someone , think about your career in a new way or decide what to do at the weekend .
‘ Off - duty ’ creativity is just as important , if not more so , than all that ‘ serious ’ creativity .
Novelty records , like everything else , reside somewhere between Heaven and Hell .
For 67 years Ronnie James
Dio resided there as well .
Early in his musical career the recently departed Ronald James Padavona of Portsmouth , New Hampshire , dwelled in the shadows of the greasy R&B / white vocal group sound .
Before Dio , Elf , Rainbow and Black Sabbath ruled the pimpled Earth , there trod The Vegas Kings , Ronnie & The Rumblers , Ronnie & The Red Caps and finally Ronnie Dio & the Prophets .
Dio's various ensembles recorded singles on a variety of labels along with a live LP recorded at a Domino 's Restaurant in upstate New York ( intriguingly titled " Dio At Domino's " ) .
Dio's early material ranged from Schlub Dion ( Swingin ' Street ) to the percolating Love Pains , where Dio digs down deep into his Inner Anka .
On the plaintive and rockin ' Everybody 's Got A Dance To Do , Dio checks dance crazes like The Twist , The Fish and The Watusi along with shout - outs to fellow hipsters Chubby Checker , Bobby Rydell , The Isleys , Dee Dee ( Sharp ) , James Brown and Little Eva .
Dio's take on Great Balls of Fire is surprisingly tepid however Blue Days from the live pizza place LP ranks as some truly swingin ' fare .
Many of these early sides serve Dio's legacy well , long before the wagging of the malocchia / mano cornuto hands , before the poodle do , before the dubious and ultimately triumphant days of shemping for Sabbath .
My favorite early Dio romp is his loopy take on Love Potion No. 9 .
Despite mangling the lyrics ( seemingly from memory ) , Dio hits all the designated marks that firmly plant this 45 into an inky novelty purgatory .
Spoken intro , cappy old Madame Rue voice , pouring and bubbling sound effects -- Dio catapults to musical greatness in anticipation of his non-ducktail years to come .
Firefox 3.6 — the latest version of the popular open source Web browser — was officially released in January , but there are still many users who have not yet updated .
In an effort to increase awareness about the availability of version 3.6 , Mozilla announced today that it will start rolling out upgrade notifications to its users through the browser 's built - in update system .
According to Mozilla 's statistics , the new version has already been downloaded over 100 million times since its release in January .
That does n't include the significant number of existing users who have already migrated to 3.6 by using the browser 's built - in upgrade system without being prompted to do so .
Firefox is arguably one of the most successful open source software projects .
Mozilla celebrated last year when Firefox surpassed 1 billion total downloads .
The current number of active daily users is said to be over 350 million .
Getting such a large user base to migrate to the latest version is not an easy task , but Mozilla always manages to get the job done .
Studies show that Firefox ranks high in update effectiveness , getting over 85 percent of its users to switch to a new version within 21 days after release .
The only browser that has a better upgrade penetration rate is Chrome , due to its highly aggressive background updater .
Firefox 3.6 is a somewhat modest incremental update .
It brought several noteworthy new features for users , such as the Personas lightweight theming system .
It also offers some compelling new capabilities for Web development , including CSS gradients , client - side filesystem APIs , and the @font - face feature .
For more details about the automated upgrade process , you can refer to the announcement in the Mozilla Developer Center .
By Laura Smith - Spark
BBC News , Washington
Falun Gong is banned in China , but tolerated in other Asian countries A Falun Gong - linked group that promotes internet freedom says the US state department has offered it $ 1.5 m , in a move condemned by Chinese officials .
Shiyu Zhou , of the Global Internet Freedom Consortium ( GIFC ) , told the BBC the funding had been offered last week .
China 's Washington embassy said China was opposed to the US helping GIFC as it was run by Falun Gong - a spiritual movement that is banned in China .
A state department spokesman told the BBC news of the grant was " premature " .
" We 've not finalised agreement on the current round of funding and no final decisions have been made , " AFP news agency quoted spokesman Philip Crowley as saying .
The Washington Post newspaper earlier reported that a state department official had confirmed the offer to GIFC , whose Freegate and Ultrasurf software allows users to circumvent government - imposed internet controls around the world .
The controversy comes as the first US - China human rights talks in two years are set to resume in Washington .
The question of China 's internet censorship is expected to be among issues raised during discussions .
Internet search giant Google shut down its mainland Chinese search service , google.cn , earlier this year amid concerns over censorship and now directs users to its unrestricted Hong Kong site .
' Fabricated lies ' Wang Baodong , a spokesman for the Chinese embassy in the US capital , said he believed his government would " raise serious representations " with its US counterparts on the issue of the Falun Gong .
China says most Chinese citizens support its regulation of the internet " GIFC is an organisation run by elements of the Falun Gong cult , which is bent on vilifying the Chinese government with fabricated lies , undermining Chinese social stability and sabotaging China - US relations , " he said .
" We 're strongly opposed to the US government providing whatever assistance to such an anti-China organisation . "
He said China 's regulation of the internet was in line with its laws and those of many other countries , and was supported by the vast majority of its people .
Falun Gong , which combines meditation with Buddhist - inspired philosophy , has been banned in China since 1999 for carrying out " illegal activities " .
' Battle of resources '
In recent months , the state department has faced pressure to assist GIFC from members of Congress , including five US senators who wrote to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the issue , and some human rights campaigners .
Supporters of GIFC say that with more resources , its systems - which currently have the capacity to serve about 1.5 m people a day - could give millions more people in countries such as China , Iran , Syria and Cuba unrestricted access to the internet .
China says
Google should have accepted its laws if it operated there Dr Zhou , deputy director of GIFC , told the BBC that the $ 1.5 m offered was much less than the $ 4 m the group had hoped for and would not allow it significantly to expand its capacity by boosting staffing and equipment .
" We are up against a multi-billion dollar effort from China - they have tens of thousands of internet monitors , " he said .
For every dollar the group spends , China will spend hundreds of dollars to counter its efforts , with the result that the battle for internet freedom has become one of resources , he said .
He added that although the group was largely made up of Falun Gong practitioners , they followed its teachings as individuals , without a political agenda .
Michael Horowitz , a fellow of the Hudson Institute , a conservative Washington - based think tank , believes the US government is doing too little to support GIFC 's work .
He told the BBC that the state department had since last October been sitting on $ 30 m in funds appropriated by Congress to advance internet freedom .
Mr Horowitz , a former Reagan administration official , argues that if GIFC were given that $ 30 m , it could expand its systems to provide internet freedom to 50 m people daily .
" The US has the capacity to give 50 m Chinese the capacity to have uncensored Google [ access ] and the US is refusing to do it , " he said .
He said Obama administration officials had argued first that it was impossible to beat the firewalls , and then that censorship was only one of a number of issues to be tackled , and so was not a priority now .
In answer to a question put by Democratic Senator Arlen Specter , Mrs Clinton said last week that a " multi- faceted approach " was needed on internet freedom policy .
Many people involved in organising protests following Iran 's disputed presidential elections last June were able to access websites like Facebook and Twitter using GIFC software , after a government crackdown on internet use .
" The walls of the 21st Century are electronic , " Mr Horowitz said .
" You have to have a certain critical mass of user freedom before you shatter internet firewalls and that can only be done with the money that Congress gave the state department in October last year . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hard core anti-immigration types in places like , say , Arizona , say it 's not about racism .
It 's the fact that the people crossing the border are breaking the law .
Sure , America is awesome , but the country lets in a lot of immigrants through nice legal channels , right ?
Why do n't these Mexicans just try it that way ?
Well , having gone through immigration myself in 2009 ( the legal way ) , I can tell you right now there 's a reason .
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not saying breaking the law is the way to go .
But I am saying that when you make the legal pathway to something long , baffling and infuriating enough , many people are going to skip it in favor of the easy option .
Even if choosing that option makes them a criminal .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So are you part of the huddled masses , yearning to breathe free as an American ?
Prepare yourself for ...
Step 1 : The Application
Time : 3 - 6 months
Cost : $ 1,000
As a bright - eyed Australian starting my immigration journey , I looked forward to my dealings with the American government .
After all , these guys are powerful enough to run the whole world , right ?
Surely that whole operation must run pretty smoothly .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Look at how short those lines are !
I studied the instructions using my best American Bureaucracy to English dictionary .
I carefully ticked the " no " box on the question asking " Are You A Terrorist ? " .
I accordingly prepared all the pieces of information that the Department of Homeland Security requested : my original birth certificate , proof of citizenship , lists of every address I 've ever lived at , details of every employer I 've ever worked for , a police check , a dozen passport - sized photos , affidavits , a stack of financial documents .
No problem .
I sent it all in with the several hundred dollars of " processing fees " and knew it would take 3 - 6 months for them to process it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I was rejected .
It turned out my initial application was returned because , while I had attached a police certificate that proved I did n't have a criminal record , I had n't attached fingerprints .
Apparently , according to the DHS , the Australian police force is not yet advanced enough to have thought of prosecuting crimes using fingerprints .
The Americans , therefore , needed a set of prints to make sure I had n't got away with any crimes that had slipped past my homeland 's investigation system , which consists mostly of shoving suspects against walls and yelling " YOU CALL THAT A KNIFE ? " until someone confesses .
Back to Jeff Huang 's Main Page
Improving the look of papers written in Microsoft Word
Word generally produces worse looking papers compared to a typesetting program like LaTeX .
However , many , if not most published research papers are written in Word because of ease of use and the ability to track changes .
I typically write papers in whatever format my co-authors are most familiar with , which is often Word , and have picked up some tricks to make the papers look nearly as good as LaTeX .
Text
The text in Microsoft Word lacks a number of typesetting features that LaTeX has by default .
Making these fixes should put Word 's typesetting on par with LaTeX's .
Kerning : Kerning adjusts the whitespace between characters in the text .
For example , there is a large gap between " T " and " o " when they are next to each other ; enabling kerning moves the " o " closer to the " T " and lessens the gap .
Word has had this feature for a while but it has to be enabled manually ; select all the text in your document , go to Font → Advanced , check the Kerning for fonts checkbox , and put " 1 " for Points and above .
One side benefit of enabling kerning is you often free up a couple of lines in your paper so you can add a few more sentences .
Ligatures : Word 2010 supports ligatures for most fonts .
Ligatures squeezes two characters together when appropriate .
For example , " f " and " i " placed next to each other do n't look right because the hood of the " f " almost touches the dot of the " i " .
I feel ligatures are less important than kerning but I enable them anyways ; set Ligatures to Standard only in the same place where you enabled kerning .
Hyphenation : Most conferences and journals require you to Justify the text which aligns the text to both margins .
However , this will occasionally produce lines with a lot of spacing between words , especially in documents with 2 columns , making the text look sparse Enabling hyphenation allows
Word to segment words using a hyphen , eliminating the worst cases of bad word spacing .
In the Word toolbar ( Ribbon ) , set Page Layout → Hyphenization to Automatic .
If you prefer less or more hyphens , you can adjust when they kick in under Hyphenation Options .
Punctuation :
There are few things that make the punctuation in Word look a little nicer .
When writing page numbers in your references , many people use a hyphen , e.g. 179-188 .
The correct symbol should be an en dash , e.g. 179 –188 .
You can find the en dash under Insert → Symbol → Special Characters .
Word automatically converts all quotes into directional ( smart ) quotes ; this is incorrect for abbreviated years , e.g. '08 for 2008 , which should use an apostrophe ( a regular single quote ) rather than a directional quote .
Instead of putting a bunch of spaces to force line - breaks in your centered titles , use Shift + Enter instead .
Check for accidental double spaces after periods ; before I submit , I always search for instances of two spaces " " and reduce them to one " " .
Citations
When using the ACM or IEEE citation format , e.g. [ 23 ] or [ 6,11,32 ] , you probably do n't want to re-number every citation whenever you insert a new reference .
LaTeX has a nice BibTeX system for handling this automatically , but you can get similar functionality using Word 's cross-references .
Cross -references :
To cite a reference , go to Insert → Cross - reference in the Word toolbar ( Ribbon ) .
Make sure the Reference type is " Numbered item " and Insert reference to is " Paragraph number " and find your reference .
It should insert something like [ 23 ] which is linked to the actual reference .
When you update your list of references , your citations are updated automatically when you select all and press F9 .
Multiple cross-references : Multiple citations show up as [ 6 ] [ 11 ] [ 32 ] by default , which is not the correct format for ACM and IEEE .
To fix this , right - click on the citation number and Toggle Field Codes and add " \# 0 " after the reference , e.g. " REF _Ref261299636 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT " becomes " REF _Ref261299636 \# 0 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT " .
This removes the brackets around the citation number , and you can add your own brackets and commas to make it look like [ 6,11,32 ] while maintaining the reference link .
Distilling to pdf
Making the pdf for submission is an important step since the final pdf is the only thing that will be seen and archived .
The objective here is to make the smallest but best - looking pdf as possible .
Unused fonts : Many
Word documents accidentally use a couple of extra fonts in one or two instances , maybe from a copy + paste .
You will probably not need more than 2 fonts per document ( a serif like Times New Roman and sans - serif like Arial ) .
Use this script to generate a list of fonts used in the document and if you see some unfamiliar font , find where it 's being used and replace it .
Not only does this cut down on the final pdf file size , but also reduces font dependencies .
Images : Images often take up most of the space in a pdf file , but image quality does not have to be compromised to make the pdf smaller .
Always use vector graphics when possible ( .eps , .emf , .wmf ) , especially for charts and diagrams ; vector graphics are both higher quality and take less space !
Sometimes ,
Word renders vector graphics poorly during editing , but they come out fine in pdf .
Screenshots should be .png and you can compress them down further using PNGGauntlet .
. jpeg should only be used for photos .
After distilling , make sure the .png images are not reduced to .jpeg , and that Word is not compressing your images , which is does by default ; you can disable this under File → Options → Advanced → Image Size and Quality →
Do not compress images in file .
Distill :
The pdf will be different depending on the program used to make it .
I always compare the pdf distilled using 3 different methods and keep the nicest one : ( 1 ) Save As PDF in Word ( 2 ) Print to Adobe PDF Printer ( 3 ) Save to file in Word using any printer , then use the Ghostscript ps2 pdf tool to convert it to pdf .
I usually get better results by printing to an Adobe PDF Printer .
Back to Jeff Huang
Blood hath been shed ere now , i' the olden time ,
Ay , and since too , murders have been perform'd
Too terrible for the ear .
The times have been
That , when the brains were out , the man would die ,
And there an end ; but now they rise again ,
With twenty mortal murders on their crowns ,
And push us from our stools : this is more strange
Than such a murder is .
-- Macbeth
The shopkeeper in Armadillo is an anti-Semite .
Was , that is , until I shot him .
There 's more to the story .
I arrived in Armadillo one fine morning and decided to take a look around .
After a drink at the saloon and a salty solicitation from a prostitute ( " I'm a married man , " I told her ) , I crossed the street and entered the general store .
The kindly shopkeeper welcomed me and mentioned something about torching the train station " if they would n't arrest me for it . "
That seemed a little odd , but I overlooked it and began surveying his inventory .
Then he proudly proclaimed , " " I keep foreign and Jewish - made supplies out of my store .
Help our American families . "
Huh ?
I quickly changed my mind about buying anything and exited the store .
No way was this idiot getting my business .
I left town and headed back to the MacFarlane Ranch .
The shopkeeper there is stingy , but at least he 's not a wannabe - arsonist xenophobe .
The next day , I headed back to Armadillo and , purely out of curiosity , decided to visit the cordial racist shopkeeper again .
When I entered the store he was speaking to another customer .
" Seems like all the railroad does these days is drop off more and more foreigners . "
Then he noticed me and offered a warm greeting .
" Welcome friend . "
When I approached the counter to speak to him , he reeled off another nugget of frontier enlightenment .
" You wo n't find anything Jewish - made in this establishment , sir . "
And that 's when I shot him .
I do n't recall consciously deciding to do it .
I just pulled my gun and plugged him .
Then I walked into the street and waited for the sheriff 's deputy to arrest me .
After serving my time in jail , I left town and busied myself with all sorts of other things .
Exploring .
Hunting .
Sleeping under the stars .
But that shopkeeper never left my mind .
I had a nagging suspicion about him , and I needed to find out if I was right .
Because , you see , I 've played a few video games in my time .
So I returned to Armadillo and headed straight for the general store .
I walked through the door ... and sure enough there he was .
Same bespectacled shopkeeper .
Same bile .
" I 've never lost a single piece of merchandise .
I keep mulattoes out of the store . "
Well , I thought to myself , at least he 's spreading the hate around now .
Then I shot him again .
This time , however , a message popped up on my screen informing me that , because I had killed the shopkeeper , the store would be closed for five days .
To verify this fact , I repeatedly slept / saved to advance the clock and returned to the store at various hours on the following days .
Indeed , the shopkeeper was nowhere to be found .
I had discovered the opening I needed to dispense my own brand of frontier justice .
Now , the cordial racist shopkeeper and I have a relationship .
Every five days I return to Armadillo ; he warmly greets me , and I kill him .
I 've even found ways to avoid tedium .
Sometimes a single shot to the head does the trick ; other times I lasso and hogtie him before letting him have it .
If I 've had an especially bad day on the range , I let him tell me about the Jews before plugging him multiple times in the piehole , courtesy of my Dead Eye slo - mo skill .
Occasionally I even shoot up the store .
I guess you could say I 'm a loyal customer .
Last night , however , my plan went strangely awry .
I arrived in Armadillo on schedule and killed the shopkeeper .
After fleeing the law ( I no longer waste time in the hoosegow ) and eliminating my bounty with a pardon letter , I decided to head over to the saloon for a little poker .
I made my way to the back room , opened the door , and who did I find sitting at the table ?
You guessed it .
The cordial racist shopkeeper , pretty as you please , with a stack of chips in front of him .
You may also guess what I did next .
Looted his body too .
See you soon , cordial racist shopkeeper .
I 'm your huckleberry .
Secret Worlds : The Universe Within - Soar through space starting at 10 million light years away from the Milky Way down through to a single proton in Florida in decreasing orders of magnitude ( powers of ten ) .
This tutorial explores the use of exponential notation to understand and compare the size of things in our world and the universe , and provides a glimpse of the duality between the macroworld around us and the hidden microworld within .
Electromagnetic Radiation - Visible light is a complex phenomenon that is classically explained with a simple model based on propagating rays and wavefronts , a concept first proposed in the late 1600s by Dutch physicist Christiaan Huygens .
Electromagnetic radiation , the larger family of wave - like phenomena to which visible light belongs ( also known as radiant energy ) , is the primary vehicle transporting energy through the vast reaches of the universe .
The mechanisms by which visible light is emitted or absorbed by substances , and how it predictably reacts under varying conditions as it travels through space and the atmosphere , form the basis of the existence of color in our universe
Spinning Disk Confocal Microscopy - Spinning disk microscopy has advanced significantly in the past decade and now represents one of the optimum solutions for both routine and high - performance live - cell imaging applications .
The rapid expansion in biomedical research using live - cell imaging techniques over the past several years has been fueled by a combination of events that include dramatic advances in spinning disk confocal microscopy instrumentation coupled with the introduction of novel ultra-sensitive detectors and continued improvements in the performance of genetically - encoded fluorescent proteins .
Spectral Imaging and Linear Unmixing - Spectral imaging and linear unmixing is becoming an important staple in the microscopist 's toolbox , particularly when applied to the elimination of autofluorescence and for FRET investigations .
Instruments equipped for spectral imaging are becoming increasingly popular and many confocal microscopes now offer this capability .
Widefield fluorescence and brightfield microscopy are also being used more frequently for resolving complex fluorophore and absorbing dye mixtures , a trend that should continue into the future .
Fluorescent Protein Technology -
It took over thirty years , and the advent of recombinant DNA as well as vastly improved molecular biological approaches to see the pioneering work of Osamu Shimomura developed into a useful tool for live - cell imaging by Doug Prasher and Martin Chalfie .
Just in the past decade , however , we have witnessed a truly remarkable expansion in the fluorescent protein palette , largely driven by the innovative studies from Roger Tsien 's laboratory .
Most of the fluorescent proteins that are commonly used today have been modified through mutagenesis to optimize their expression in biological systems .
Continued efforts using directed evolution approaches will no doubt improve the spectral characteristics , photostability , maturation time , brightness , acid resistance , and utility of the fluorescent protein tags for cellular imaging .
Carl Zeiss MicroImaging Online Campus -
Visit the new ZEISS website that explores the fascinating world of optical microscopy and provides the necessary background to understand both the basic concepts and advanced principles .
Included are review articles , interactive Flash tutorials , reference materials , and image galleries .
Light Sources for Optical Microscopy -
The performance of the various illumination sources available for optical microscopy depends on the emission characteristics and geometry of the source , as well as the focal length , magnification and numerical aperture of the collector lens system .
In gauging the suitability of a particular light source , the important parameters are structure ( the spatial distribution of light , source geometry , coherence , and alignment ) , the wavelength distribution , spatial and temporal stability , brightness , and to what degree these various parameters can be controlled .
Mag Lab U : Learning about Electricity and Magnetism - Visit our sister website for interactive Java tutorials , a timeline of historical events , a museum of antique devices , and articles on topics related to electricity and magnetism .
Live - Cell Imaging -
An increasing number of investigations are using live - cell imaging techniques to provide critical insight into the fundamental nature of cellular and tissue function , especially due to the rapid advances that are currently being witnessed in fluorescent protein and synthetic fluorophore technology .
As such , live - cell imaging has become a requisite analytical tool in most cell biology laboratories , as well as a routine methodology that is practiced in the wide ranging fields of neurobiology , developmental biology , pharmacology , and many of the other related biomedical research disciplines .
Among the most significant technical challenges for performing successful live - cell imaging experiments is to maintain the cells in a healthy state and functioning normally on the microscope stage while being illuminated in the presence of synthetic fluorophores and / or fluorescent proteins .
Comparing Confocal and Widefield Fluorescence Microscopy - Confocal microscopy offers several distinct advantages over traditional widefield fluorescence microscopy , including the ability to control depth of field , elimination or reduction of background information away from the focal plane ( that leads to image degradation ) , and the capability to collect serial optical sections from thick specimens .
The basic key to the confocal approach is the use of spatial filtering techniques to eliminate out - of - focus light or glare in specimens whose thickness exceeds the dimensions of the focal plane .
This interactive tutorial explores and compares the differences between specimens when viewed in a confocal versus a widefield fluorescence microscope .
Fluorescence ( Förster ) Resonance Energy Transfer with Fluorescent Proteins - Fluorescent proteins are increasingly being applied as non-invasive probes in living cells due to their ability to be genetically fused to proteins of interest for investigations of localization , transport , and dynamics .
In addition , the spectral properties of fluorescent proteins are ideal for measuring the potential for intracellular molecular interactions using the technique of Förster ( or fluorescence ) resonance energy transfer ( FRET ) microscopy .
Because energy transfer is limited to distances of less than 10 nanometers , the detection of FRET provides valuable information about the spatial relationships of fusion proteins on a sub-resolution scale .
This interactive tutorial explores various combinations of fluorescent proteins as potential FRET partners and provides information about critical resonance energy transfer parameters , as well as suggestions for microscope optical filter and light source configuration .
The Fluorescent Protein Color Palette -
A broad range of fluorescent protein genetic variants have been developed over the past several years that feature fluorescence emission spectral profiles spanning almost the entire visible light spectrum .
Extensive mutagenesis efforts in the original jellyfish protein have resulted in new fluorescent probes that range in color from blue to yellow and are some of the most widely used in vivo reporter molecules in biological research .
Longer wavelength fluorescent proteins , emitting in the orange and red spectral regions , have been developed from the marine anemone Discosoma striata and reef corals belonging to the class Anthozoa .
Still other species have been mined to produce similar proteins having cyan , green , yellow , orange , red , and far - red fluorescence emission .
Developmental research efforts are ongoing to improve the brightness and stability of fluorescent proteins , thus improving their overall usefulness .
Introduction to Image Processing and Analysis - John Russ has taught hands - on courses and extended workshops in image processing and analysis to more than 3000 students , worldwide , over the course of his career .
His one - day tutorials and lectures , sponsored by various professional societies and other organizations , have reached several thousand more .
But the need to have a basic understanding of these topics is far wider than he can ever reach in person .
Potentially everyone working with images , and certainly that includes every microscopist , needs to be aware of the possibilities ( and limitations ) of computer - based image processing and measurement .
The descriptive reviews and interactive tutorials in this section cover most of the topics that the author discusses in typical one - day tutorials .
Fluorescent Protein Fluorophore Maturation Mechanisms - Autocatalytic formation of the fluorophore ( also referred to as a chromophore ) within the shielded environment of the polypeptide backbone during fluorescent protein maturation follows a surprisingly unified mechanism , especially considering the diverse natural origins of these useful biological probes .
Shortly after synthesis , most fluorescent proteins slowly mature through a multi-step process that consists of folding , initial fluorophore ring cyclization , and subsequent modifications of the fluorophore .
The spectral properties of fluorescent proteins are dependent upon the structure of the fluorophore as well as the localized interactions of amino acid residues in the immediate vicinity , and in some cases , residues far removed from the fluorophore .
The interactive tutorials in this section explore fluorophore formation in a wide variety of spectrally diverse fluorescent proteins deduced from crystallographic studies .
The Virtual Rat -
The humble rat has had an outsized impact on human history .
In the Middle Ages , the black rat ( Rattus rattus ) was blamed for spreading the Black Plague through its fleas , a pandemic that killed a third of Europe 's population , an estimated 34 million people .
In modern times , however , a larger cousin , the Brown rat ( Rattus norvegicus ) has become an important model organism in biological research .
Selective breeding of the Brown Rat has produced the albino laboratory rat .
Rats grow quickly to sexual maturity and are easy to keep and breed in captivity .
Scientists have bred many strains or " lines " of rats specifically for experimentation .
Generally , these lines are not transgenic because the easy techniques of genetic transformation that work in mice do not work as well for rats .
This has been a problem for investigators who view rat behavior and physiology as more relevant to humans and easier to observe than in mice .
In October 2003 , researchers succeeded in cloning two laboratory rats by the problematic technique of nuclear transfer .
As cloning techniques are perfected , rats likely will become an important subject of genetic research .
Rat Brain Tissue Sections -
The rat brain has served as an excellent model for elucidating the complex anatomy and physiological mechanisms of the human brain .
As a result , a significant amount of information on brain diseases , such as dementia and Parkinson 's disease , has been determined from investigations using rat brains .
Brain tissue has been mapped into dozens of major and hundreds of minor regions that are anatomically and functionally distinct .
Individual brain cells segregate into specialized areas by expressing a wide spectrum of specific housekeeping proteins , enzymes , transporters , and receptors .
This digital image gallery explores many regions of the rat brain as observed with immunofluorescence in coronal , horizontal , and sagittal thick sections using laser scanning confocal microscopy .
Cells in Motion -
In multicellular tissues , such as those found in animals and humans , individual cells employ a variety of locomotion mechanisms to maneuver through spaces in the extracellular matrix and over the surfaces of other cells .
Examples are the rapid movement of cells in developing embryos , organ - to - organ spreading of malignant cancer cells , and the migration of neural axons to synaptic targets .
Unlike single - celled swimming organisms , crawling cells in culture do not possess cilia or flagella , but tend to move by coordinated projection of the cytoplasm in repeating cycles of extension and retraction that deform the entire cell .
The digital videos presented in this gallery investigate animal cell motility patterns in a wide variety of morphologically different specimens .
Requires the RealPlayer browser plug-in .
Laser Scanning Confocal Microscope Simulator - Perhaps the most significant advance in optical microscopy during the past decade has been the refinement of mainstream laser scanning confocal microscope ( LSCM ) techniques using improved synthetic fluorescent probes and genetically engineered proteins , a wider spectrum of laser light sources coupled to highly accurate acousto - optic tunable filter control , and the combination of more advanced software packages with modern high - performance computers .
This interactive tutorial explores multi-laser fluorescence and differential interference contrast ( DIC ) confocal imaging using the Olympus FluoView FV1000 confocal microscope software interface as a model .
Nikon MicroscopyU - The MicroscopyU website is designed to provide an educational forum for all aspects of optical microscopy , digital imaging , and photomicrography .
Together with the scientists and programmers at Molecular Expressions , Nikon microscopists and engineers are providing the latest state - of - the - art information in microscope optics and imaging technology including specialized techniques such as fluorescence , differential interference contrast ( DIC ) , phase contrast , reflected light microscopy , and microscopy of living cells .
We invite you to explore MicroscopyU and discover more about the exciting world of optics and microscopy .
Olympus Image of the Year Award - Inspired by the beauty and breadth of images submitted for the 2018 Image of the Year Award held in Europe , Olympus is continuing to search for the best light microscopy images in 2019 — this time on a global scale .
Olympus ’ first Image of the Year Global Life Science Light Microscopy Award recognizes the very best in life science imaging worldwide .
Fluorescence Microscopy of Cells in Culture - Serious attempts at the culture of whole tissues and isolated cells were first undertaken in the early 1900s as a technique for investigating the behavior of animal cells in an isolated and highly controlled environment .
The term tissue culture arose because most of the early cells were derived from primary tissue explants , a technique that dominated the field for over 50 years .
As established cell lines emerged , the application of well - defined normal and transformed cells in biomedical investigations has become an important staple in the development of cellular and molecular biology .
This fluorescence image gallery explores over 30 of the most common cell lines , labeled with a variety of fluorophores using both traditional staining methods as well as immunofluorescence techniques .
Human Pathology Digital Image Gallery -
The investigation of disease in humans has , understandably , been one of the primary focal points in medicine for thousands of years .
The image gallery presented in this section attempts to illustrate , through use of the brightfield microscope , many of the pathological conditions that are readily observed in stained human specimens .
Each image was chosen for artistic merit , photographic quality , and content .
Note that several of the images in this gallery might not depict every aspect of the pathological condition under which they are catalogued .
Nikon Fluorescence Microscopy Digital Image Gallery -
The widefield reflected light fluorescence microscope has been a fundamental tool for the examination of fluorescently labeled cells and tissues since the introduction of the dichromatic mirror in the late 1940s .
Furthermore , advances in synthetic fluorophore design coupled to the vast array of commercially available primary and secondary antibodies have provided the biologist with a powerful arsenal in which to probe the minute structural details of living organisms with this technique .
In the late twentieth century , the discovery and directed mutagenesis of fluorescent proteins added to the cadre of tools and created an avenue for scientists to probe the dynamics of living cells in culture .
This gallery examines the fluorescence microscopy of both cells and tissues with a wide spectrum of fluorescent probes .
Burgers 'n Fries - Join us for a microscopic examination of America 's culinary favorite : the ubiquitous hamburger and French fries .
Discover how this delightful classic is just as beautiful as it is tasty .
Chemical Crystals - Chemical compounds can exist in three basic phases , gaseous , liquid , or solid .
Gases consist of weakly bonded atoms and expand to fill any available space .
Solids are characterized by strong atomic bonding and have a rigid shape .
Most are crystalline , having a three - dimensional periodic atomic arrangement .
Some , such as glass , lack this periodic arrangement and are noncrystalline , or amorphous .
Liquids have characteristics that fall in between gases and solids .
This cinemicrographic collection presents time - lapse movies of various chemical compounds as they change physical states .
Scanning Electron Microscopy -
We have teamed up with award - winning electron microscopist Dennis Kunkel to produce a virtual Scanning Electron Microscope ( vSEM ) .
Visitors can adjust the focus , contrast , and magnification of microscopic creatures viewed at thousands of times their actual size .
Laser Scanning Confocal Microscopy - ( approximately a 30 second download on 28.8 K modems )
Several methods have been developed to overcome the poor contrast inherent with imaging thick specimens in a conventional microscope .
Specimens having a moderate degree of thickness ( 5 to 15 microns ) will produce dramatically improved images with either confocal or deconvolution techniques .
The thickest specimens ( 20 microns and above ) will suffer from a tremendous amount of extraneous light in out - of - focus regions , and are probably best - imaged using confocal techniques .
This tutorial explores imaging specimens through serial z - axis optical sections utilizing a virtual confocal microscope .
Stereoscopic Zoom Microscopy - Many stereoscopic microscopes feature the ability to perform a continuous magnification change by means of a zoom lens system placed between the objective and the eyepieces .
Explore zoom magnification , focus , and illumination intensity in stereoscopic microscopes with this interactive Flash tutorial .
Java - powered QX3 Computer Web Microscope -
This virtual QX3 microscope is broadcasting images over the Web at 20 frames / second , which can be viewed in a specially designed Java client run through your Web browser at frame rates up to 18 frames / second .
No additional software is needed , but do n't try this unless you have a fast connection ( 10 Mbits / sec Ethernet or higher ) .
With this software , you can capture single digital images , record movies , and perform time - lapse cinematography experiments .
Museum of Microscopy - Featuring 3 - D Studio
Max drawings of ancient microscopes , this unique gallery explores many of the historic microscopes made during the last four centuries .
Visit the gallery and download a copy of our Windows screen saver containing selected images of these beautiful microscopes .
Silicon Zoo -
This popular gallery features images of cartoon characters and other doodling placed onto computer chips by their designers .
Featured Microscopist - Our featured microscopist for Spring 2002 is noted Dutch photomicrographer Loes Modderman .
Born in Amsterdam in 1944 , Modderman received her first microscope by age 13 and has never lost her sense of wonder at the minute beauties available with this instrument .
Many years ago , Loes initiated a series of chemical crystallization experiments , which allowed her to meld longtime interests in nature , art , science , and photography to form her abstract photomicrographs into a colorful celebration of form and structure .
A wide spectrum of these photomicrographs are featured in this gallery .
Cell and Virus Structure - Although the human body contains over 75 trillion cells , the majority of life forms exist as single cells that perform all the functions necessary for independent existence .
Most cells are far too small to be seen with the naked eye and require the use of high - power optical and electron microscopes for careful examination .
Fluorescence Microscopy Digital Image Gallery - Featuring specimens collected from a wide spectrum of disciplines , the fluorescence gallery contains a variety of examples using both specific fluorochrome stains and autofluorescence .
Images were captured utilizing either a Nikon DXM 1200 digital camera , an Optronics MagnaFire Peltier - cooled camera , or classical photomicrography on film with Fujichrome Provia 35 millimeter transparency film .
Pond Life - Freshwater ponds provide a home for a wide variety of aquatic and semi-aquatic plants , insects , and animals .
The vast majority of pond inhabitants , however , are invisible until viewed under the microscope .
Beneath the placid surface of any pond is a microscopic metropolis bustling with activity as tiny bizarre organisms pursue their lives ; locomoting , eating , trying not to be eaten , excreting , and reproducing .
In this collection of digital movies , observe the activities of microscopic organisms taken from a typical North Florida pond .
Concepts in Digital Imaging Technology - Explore the basic concepts in digital imaging with our illustrated discussions and interactive tutorials .
Topics covered include CCD operation , image capture , digital manipulation of images and a wide spectrum of other issues in this emerging field .
Science , Optics & You - Explore our science curriculum package being developed for teachers , students , and parents .
Activities are designed to promote the asking and answering of questions related to light , color , and optics .
The program begins with basic information about lenses , shadows , prisms , and color , leading up to the use of sophisticated instruments scientists use to help them understand the world .
Intel Play QX3 Computer Microscope -
Take a moment to visit our in - depth discussion of this incredible toy microscope .
Included topics are the QX3 hardware ( microscope ) , interactive microscope software , suggested specialized techniques , and digital image galleries from the QX3 microscope .
Creative Photomicrography -
By employing multiple exposure photomicrography , we have succeeded in generating a series of unusual micrographs which we have termed microscapes .
These micrographs are intended to resemble surrealistic / alien landscapes .
iOS : [ iOS 14 ] VideoPlayer crashes on EXC_BAD_ACCESS or signal SIGABRT when audioOutputMode is set to APIOnly or Audio Source ( 1274837 )
iOS : [ UaaL ]
UnityFramework with 3rd party plugins triggers watchdog termination after launch ( 1262272 )
iOS : Images .xcassets folder does not contain LaunchImage files ( 1254927 )
Window Management : [ window layout ] cannot load editor layout , stuck in infinite loop of " failed to load window layout " ( 1275270 )
WebGL : [ Linux ] WebGL build always fails and throws a FileNotFoundException ( 1268262 )
WebGL : Using XElement .Load ( string uri ) causes an uncaught abort exception when using dlopen ( ) dynamic linking in Emscripten ( 1192963 )
Version Control : Unity crashes when connecting to a perforce server with an invalid workspace name in the Project Settings ( 1275466 )
Shadows / Lights : Skybox lighting is not rendered after creating gameobjects in the new scene until the lighting is rebaked ( 1250293 )
Serialization : [ SerializeReference ]
Polymorphic instances are always recreated when applying any inspector value change ( 1193322 )
Serialization : [ Performance ]
Slow asset refresh when modifying any script , 45 seconds on one line change ( 1270910 )
Serialization : Prefab changes are not applied and an error occurs when changing fields that have SerializeReference attribute ( 1237191 )
Scripting : [ Serialized Field ] fields produce " Field is never assigned to ... " warning ( 1080427 )
Scripting : [ CompilationPipeline ]
Project recompile and package changes takes a long time when Project includes a lot of packages ( 1272396 )
Scripting : Switching targets in SRP projects will cause XR errors on some platforms ( 1196164 )
Scripting : Building a project crashes when a Script Component has serialized array of a type that contains a serialized PropertyName field ( 1267271 )
Scene Management : Building project when two identical scenes are open crashes the editor ( 1266194 )
Scene Management : Allocated memory is not cleared when loading and unloading scenes ( 1275751 )
Project Browser : Crash on using global search patterns ( 1267138 )
Packman : Editor crashes when upgrading / downgrading between 2020.1 and 2020.2 ( 1276565 )
Package : [ Reflect ]
Standalone build fails with package errors if Unity Reflect is installed ( 1266377 )
Mono : Crash with various stack traces when exiting Play Mode after recompiling scripts ( 1238859 )
Mobile Rendering : [ URP ]
Low performance on some Android devices when rendering only one terrain / texture ( 1261629 )
MacOS : [ OSX ]
Shader import in an external exFAT drive crashes Unity ( 727114 )
Linux : [ Editor ]
Color picker does not work ( 1174814 )
IL2CPP : UnityLinker strips classes used with the SerializeReference attribute ( 1232785 )
Graphics - LowLevel : Gfx.WaitForPresent / Gfx.WaitForPresentOnGfxThread huge spikes in Profiler when in Play Mode with vSync set to " Do n't Sync " ( 1108469 )
Global Illumination : [ macOS ]
BugReporter does n't get invoked when the project crashes ( 1219458 )
Global Illumination : [ OSX ] Crash on ' Preparing Bake ' stage when rebaking GI after changing lighting settings and clearing baked data ( 1271626 )
Global Illumination : [ GPU PLM ] [ macOS ]
Baking is stuck on ' Finalizing Bake ' stage when baking on OSX with AMD GPU ( 1204412 )
Audio : Unity crashes in Play Mode at FMOD_Resampler_Linear ( 928576 )
Asset Importers : [ Performance Regression ]
Importing an fbx model is noticeably slower when the model contains Animations ( 1265275 )
Asset Bundles : [ Performance Regression ] AssetBundleLoadSingleAssets : LoadAsync_Prefabs_SingleAssets is significantly slower than 18.4 ( 1203511 )
Asset Bundles : [ Performance Regression ] AssetBundleLoadAllAssets - Load_Prefabs_AllAssets is significantly slower than 18.4 ( 1203512 )
AI : A NavMeshAgent GameObject teleports to a near NavMeshSurface when collided with a moving NavMeshObstacle ( 1072945 )
2D : Fixed math expression evaluated prematurely in Sprite Frame module 's integer fields .
( 1250883 )
AI : Fixed editor crash happening when retrieving the names of NavMesh agent configurations from a corrupt NavMeshAreas.asset file .
( 1257220 )
Android : Fixed GrabPass when Blit Type is Auto . ( 1271765 )
Animation : Fixed a bug where the additive scaling would have unexpected behavior if the referenced clip did not contain that scaling property .
( 1267981 )
Animation : Fixed a memory corruption that would trigger when destroying a playable in PrepareFrame .
( 1266564 )
Animation : Fixed a padding issue with the new northstar theme for the transition list in the state machine inspector .
( 1262203 )
Animation : Fixed flicker of whole animator transition inspector window when resizing it .
( 1233111 )
Asset Import : Fixed invalid / incompatible PSD that would crash FreeImage and the Editor . ( 1264768 )
Asset Import : Fixed TextureImporter Presets to correctly save their per-platform settings when modified .
( 1225457 )
Asset Import : Fixed to ensure TextureImporter per-platform settings are correctly applied when applying a Preset or using the Reset option in the TextureImporter context menu .
( 1191644 )
Build Pipeline : Fixed an edge case where Textures attempt to load data from an invalid path during the build .
( 1268719 )
DX12 : Fixed Standalone applications freezing sometimes when ray tracing effects are used in HDRP .
( 1272952 )
Editor : Fixed a crash if importing an additional SceneVisibilityState.asset into the project .
( 1238870 )
Editor : Fixed automatic " Busy " dialog in Windows Editor to no longer shows up while Unity is in play mode .
( 1267999 )
Editor : Fixed possible Mac editor crash if it was trying to display a progress bar with a long text string , that got trimmed at an unfortunate length to result in invalid UTF8 sequence .
( 1268063 )
Editor : Fixed to avoid callback to IExternalScriptEditor .
Initialize . ( 1271869 )
GI : Fixed a crash in Radeon : : AnalyzeImageLuminance after toggling baked object state while baking GI on GPU with Radeon denoiser .
( 1260192 )
GI : Fixed issue where a NullReferenceException is thrown after creating the new scene when the Light Explorer window is opened .
( 1244688 )
Graphics : Added an option to delay acquiring the swapchain buffer until after rendering in Vulkan .
( 1271108 )
Graphics : Fixed a bug where Cubemap .
CreateExternalTexture was not correctly marking the native texture as cubemap during SRV creation .
( 1215635 )
Graphics : Fixed a casting issue when assigning int to bool with HLSLcc .
Graphics :
Fixed color writes to work during a shadow pass when a color attachment is present .
( 1259973 )
Graphics : Fixed issue with packed miptails on D3D11 / 12 tiled resources .
( 1220572 )
Graphics :
Fixed memory regression during building where VT was loading textures without unloading them .
( 1268383 )
Graphics : Fixed SRP
Batcher to be better per shader sort during shadow pass .
( 1261542 )
IMGUI : Fixed the popup clickable area issue in MinMaxGradient with EditorGUI .indent level greater than 0 . ( 1262838 )
License : Fixed an issue where Unity installers could display out - of - date terms of service .
( 1271930 )
License : Fixed to drain leftover messages from licensing IPC after timeout .
( 1226308 )
Linux : Fixed keypad period to associate with the correct keycode .
( 1267430 )
macOS : Fixed mouse position in fullscreen when black bars are present .
( 1254446 )
Package Manager : Fixed the issue where the version numbers in Package Manager UI and Asset Store do not match for certain packages .
( 1267050 )
Particles : Fixed a crash caused by changing the duration in the editor during playmode .
( 1273529 )
Particles : Fixed the Stop Action setting to consider children and sub-emitters before triggering its event .
( 1261459 )
Prefabs :
Fixed an issue where a parent prefab might fail to correctly override changes to its nested children .
( 1271021 )
Prefabs :
Fixed crash when using the logging functionality before instantiating prefabs in an enumerator .
( 1257683 )
Profiler : Fixed an issue in the Profiler window whereby the splitter separating charts and the details pane could not be adjusted on monitors with a scaling factor set .
( 1250806 )
Profiler : Reduced Profiler Window overhead on main thread .
( 1260050 )
PS4 : Fixed issue where default project settings caused an error in PS4 .
( 1244037 )
PS4 : Fixed issue where Engine hangs at startup with certain VT cache sizes .
( 1243957 )
PS4 : Fixed texture corruption with VT on certain texture formats .
( 1259642 )
Scripting Upgrade : Fixed to avoid checking VCS if only the files outside / assets folder need updating .
( 1217542 )
Shaders : Added missing AssetImportContext arg to CreateShaderAsset / UpdateShaderAsset API . ( 1269484 )
Shaders : Fixed HLSLcc doing bad precision downgrading on some cases .
( 1228687 )
Terrain : Fixed incorrect error message " A tree could n't be loaded because the prefab is missing " printed during asset importing .
( 1191833 )
Terrain : Fixed instanced terrain rendering when the player is built with - nographics command line argument .
( 1195302 )
Terrain :
Fixed issue where tree colliders are not rotated according to their mesh when random rotation is applied .
( 1248407 )
Terrain : Fixed that ' Control Texture Resolution ' and ' Base Texture Resolution ' were not saved .
( 1258969 )
XR : Fixed issue where GetStereoViewMatrix and GetStereoProjectionMatrix return the same value in both eyes in Multi Pass mode .
( 1262524 )
Shark Attack Sleeping Bag
Almost as cool as the Tauntaun sleeping bag .
[ Ed. note :
This is as close as you 'll get to actually being attacked by a shark when you sleep .
Does n't get much cooler than that . ]
( Via PatchTogether . )
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
May 23 , 2010
NSA Director Lt. Gen. Keith Alexander told the Senate Armed Services Committee in April that he would work to protect the privacy rights of Americans online .
It was an interesting comment from a man who heads up an organization responsible for a massive program of illegal dragnet surveillance of domestic communications and communications records of millions of ordinary Americans since at least 2001 .
Pentagon propaganda on Cyber Command .
“ NSA is the only place in the U.S. government that has the capabilities we need for defense of the private networks , ” James A. Lewis , a senior fellow and cybersecurity expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , told the CIA ’s favorite newspaper last year .
“ We need to find a way to use those capabilities without putting civil liberties at risk . ”
CSIS is an insider think tank dominated by the likes of Zbigniew Brzezinski , Brent Scowcroft .
Henry Kissinger and other freedom lovers .
Threats against computer networks in the United States are grossly exaggerated .
Dire reports issued by the Defense Science Board and the Center for Strategic and International Studies “ are usually richer in vivid metaphor — with fears of ‘ digital Pearl Harbors ’ and ‘ cyber - Katrinas ’ — than in factual foundation , ” writes Evgeny Morozov , a Belarus - born researcher and blogger who writes on the political effects of the internet .
Morozov notes that much of the data on the supposed cyber threat “ are gathered by ultra - secretive government agencies — which need to justify their own existence — and cyber - security companies — which derive commercial benefits from popular anxiety . ”
On Friday Alexander was appointed to head up the newly activated Cyber Command , a subordinate unified command under United States Strategic Command “ designed to conduct virtual combat across the world ’s computer networks , ” according to The Guardian .
The ceremony held at Fort Meade , Maryland , was “ low - key ” in order to not draw media attention .
Early last week the Air Force assigned approximately 30,000 “ digital troops ” to “ the front lines of cyber warfare , ” a number that represents a third of the troops in Afghanistan .
“ The transformation is part of the service ’s larger emphasis on cyberspace operations and merging most computer system operations and network warfare functions under Space Command ’s 24th Air Force , based at Lackland Air Force Base , Texas , ” reported the Air Force Times on May 19 .
U.S. Navy announces “ Cyber Fleet ” in February , 2010 .
The Pentagon considers cyberspace a warfighting domain equal to land , sea , air and space .
In 2003 , the Pentagon classified the internet as an enemy “ weapons system ” requiring a “ robust offensive suite of capabilities to include full - range electronic and computer network attack . ”
In short , the mission of the Cyber Command will be primarily offensive , not defensive .
Bush retread Def. Sec. Robert Gates ordered the creation of the Cyber Command in June of 2009 specifically in response to the “ already significant and growing digital threat ” from “ foreign actors , terrorists , criminal groups and individual hackers , ” according to the Air Force Times .
During the above mentioned Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing Alexander said the Pentagon ’s Cyber Command will enjoy “ significant synergy ” with the NSA .
“ We have to show what we ’re doing to ensure that we comport , comply with the laws , ” and protect the privacy of the American people , said Alexander .
“ I am personally committed to this transparency , and I know that the Department of Defense , the Intelligence Community , and the rest of the Administration are as well , ” said Alexander .
Obama has consistently violated his election pledge to provide more transparency in government .
Alexander ’s comment that the CIA , the DoD , and other associated agencies will suddenly become transparent and answerable to the American people after decades of secrecy and dishonesty is at best an incredulous statement .
In June , 2009 , Obama hyped the government response to “ cyber-terrorism . ”
“ Alexander was repeatedly asked about privacy and civil liberties impact of his new role , and gave answers that were , well , full of platitudes but essentially uninformative , ” notes Privacy Digest .
Numerous organizations , including the ACLU and the Bill of Rights Defense Committee , signed on to a letter sent to Howard Schmidt , the White House Cybersecurity Coordinator , requesting a meeting on the implications of the Pentagon ’s Cyber Command .
In February , the Electronic Privacy Information Center filed a lawsuit against the National Security Agency and the National Security Council , seeking a key document governing national cybersecurity policy .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The Privacy Digest doubts the organizations will be granted access to Schmidt .
The Cyber Command will naturally roll the usual “ private enterprise ” suspects into the mix .
Later this week , the U.S. Strategic Command will hold a “ cyberspace symposium ” in Omaha , Nebraska .
“ This event will provide an exciting venue for information exchange among leaders in Cyberspace .
Fostering innovation and collaboration between the private sector and government to delve into tough cyber issues will be paramount for this symposium , ” a press release states .
The symposium will be sponsored by Lockheed Martin , HP , Booz Allen Hamilton , CACI , Cisco , CSC , General Dynamics , QinetiQ , Raytheon and the spooky MITRE Corporation .
The Pentagon ’s Cyber Command was not established to fight Somalian or al - Qaeda hackers in remote backwater caves — or China and Russia for that matter .
It was established to fight the real enemy — the American people .
Since “ everything changed ” following September 11 , 2001 , Homeland Security has worked closely with the Pentagon to monitor and subvert the real threat to the government — political activists and organizations within the United States .
In addition to snooping anti-war organizations , the DHS has worked overtime ( with a complaisant corporate media ) to portray the patriot movement as violent and a threat to national security .
It is not merely anti-war and patriot activists and organizations the government is targeting .
Bloggers and journalists who are not part of the Mockingbird corporate media have also fallen into the sights of the government .
Transparency ?
How the NSA violates the privacy of Americans .
According to investigative reporter Wayne Madsen , at least some members of the NSA want to deal with pesky bloggers in a more direct and deadly fashion .
In August of 2008 , Madsen reported that an executive level NSA staff person was on record saying that significant sentiment exists within the NSA to kill troublesome bloggers and journalists .
Cyber Command is an integral part of the ruling elite ’s overall and over - reaching control grid .
In order to fight against the growing number of people now awake to their agenda , our rulers must take out the independent media on the internet .
Cyber Command is not about hackers in China .
It is about truth - tellers in the U.S.
The “ growing cyber threat ” hyped by the government and the corporate media is merely cover for the real agenda .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
One of the great joys that men in free societies have long enjoyed is the ability to earn an honest wage for an honest day of work .
In particular , the amazing capitalist engine that powered the U.S. economy for decade after decade greatly rewarded the incredible hard work and industriousness of the American people .
America was known as the land of opportunity , and we built the largest middle class in the history of the world by working incredibly hard .
But today , all of that is fundamentally changing .
Thanks to rapid advances in technology , and thanks to the globalization of the work force , the labor of American workers is rapidly losing value .
Automation , robotics and computers have made many jobs obsolete .
Today one man can do the work that a hundred men used to do .
Not only that , but today American workers literally have to compete against workers from all over the globe .
Global corporations often find themselves having to choose whether to build a factory in the United States or in the third world .
But in the third world workers often earn less than 10 % of what American workers earn , corporations are often not required to provide any benefits to workers , and there are usually hardly any oppressive government regulations .
How can American workers compete against that ?
The truth is that labor is now a global commodity .
How can an American worker compete against a desperate , half - starving worker in the third world that will work like mad for a dollar an hour ?
But this is what we get for letting the politicians push " free trade " down our throats .
Most American workers had no idea that free trade would mean that they would suddenly be competing for jobs against workers in the Philippines and Malaysia .
But that is the cold , hard reality of globalism .
All of this free trade has been very hard on American workers as factory after factory has closed , but it has allowed the big corporations to get exceedingly wealthy .
The top executives at the big global corporations are certainly enjoying all of this free trade .
Their salaries have soared .
In 1950 , the ratio of the average executive 's paycheck to the average worker 's paycheck was about 30 to 1 .
Since the year 2000 , that ratio has ranged between 300 to 500 to one .
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer .
That is what globalism is all about .
The elite make out like bandits as they exploit third world labor pools , while the American middle class finds itself slowly being crushed out of existence .
According to the United Nations Gini Coefficient ( which measures distribution of income ) , the United States has the highest level of inequality of all of the highly industrialized nations .
Increasingly , all of the rewards are going to those at the top , while the vast majority of Americans are left wondering why things just do n't seem to work out for them .
According to economists Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez , two - thirds of income increases between 2002 and 2007 went to the wealthiest 1 % of Americans .
Life is good if you are in the top one percent .
Unfortunately , that does not include any of us .
Instead , the American middle class is gradually being pushed into lower paying service jobs .
But it is really hard to feed a family by cutting hair or by greeting the folks who come walking into the local Wal - Mart .
If you talk to many Americans , they just can't seem to figure out why they can't make things work out even though they are working as hard as they can .
Millions of Americans have found themselves taking on second ( and in many cases third ) jobs in an attempt to provide for their families .
But what they do n't understand is that the global elite have turned labor into a globalized commodity .
American workers are not faced with a level playing field .
Just check out some of the pay levels around the world that American workers must compete against ....
In Bangladesh , a garment worker makes 22 cents an hour .
The wage in Cambodia is 33 cents an hour ; in Pakistan , 37 cents an hour ; in Vietnam , 38 cents ; in Sri Lanka , 43 cents ; Indonesia , 44 cents ; India , 55 cents ; China , 86 cents ; the Philippines , $ 1.07 ; and Malaysia , $ 1.18 .
Do any of you want to work for $ 1.18 an hour with no benefits ?
But that is your competition .
Wages are being driven down and big global corporations are loving it .
This is n't capitalism .
This is the global elite pushing us into a cruel system of economic slavery where they control all of the wealth and the rest of us struggle to survive as we work our tails off for them .
Already we are seeing large numbers of Americans becoming absolutely desperate to get even a low paying job .
For example , over one three day period , approximately 10,000 people showed up to apply for 90 jobs making washing machines in Kentucky for $ 27,000 a year .
Can your family live on $ 27,000 a year ?
But that is considered a good wage now .
Actually , the folks who are making really good wages now are those who work for the U.S. government .
Yes , life is good if you are a servant of the system .
Today , the average federal worker now earns about twice as much as the average worker in the private sector .
Of course government employees basically produce next to nothing except red tape .
The U.S. government does n't seem to care if they are productive or not .
They just keep borrowing more money and getting us into even more financial trouble .
But at least there is somewhere for middle class families to get decent jobs .
In fact , it is getting really hard to live a middle class lifestyle in America without relying on the government in some way .
The truth is that good jobs are becoming increasingly scarce .
That is why it is absolutely imperative for all of us to try to become as independent as possible .
That means getting out of debt .
That means starting our own businesses .
That means learning how to grow a garden .
Many of those who continue to blindly rely on the system to provide them with a " job " ( " just over broke " ) will end up bitterly disappointed in the end .
Millions of Americans have already lost their jobs and millions more Americans will lose their jobs as we move along through the next few years .
In fact , with all of the amazing advances in technology that we have seen over the past couple of decades , the global elite are starting to realize that they really do n't need 6 billion workers after all .
Instead , those among the global elite are increasingly viewing all of us as a burden .
They openly ask why they should have to take care of so many " useless eaters " .
After all , if the system does not need all of us to keep functioning , then what good are we to them ?
So these days you are starting to hear a lot about the dangers of " overpopulation " and the need to control population growth .
In fact , just over one year ago Bill Gates , David Rockefeller , Warren Buffett , George Soros , Michael Bloomberg , Ted Turner , Oprah Winfrey and other very wealthy power brokers held a clandestine meeting in New York .
So what was the topic ?
Population control .
One anonymous attendee of the meeting was quoted in a U.K. newspaper as saying that overpopulation " is something so nightmarish that everyone in this group agreed it needs big - brain answers . "
Are you starting to get the idea ?
Instead of being viewed as valuable workers , now we are being viewed by the elite as pests that have multiplied to the point where we are now out of control .
What a strange world we live in now .
We need to get back to the America where good workers are valued and where hard work is rewarded .
We need to get back to the America where having a large middle class is an important national goal .
We need to get back to the America where we build American businesses , where we hire American workers and where we buy American products .
But unless the American people wake up , American workers are going to continue to be devalued .
Are we actually going to sit back and let American living standards decline to third world standards ?
It is up to this generation to reject globalism and to reclaim the great free enterprise principles that this nation was founded on .
If someday our children and grandchildren exist in a world where they are considered just another part of the third world labor pool they will know who to blame .
Pig and Runt - born on the same day , in the same hospital , moments apart .
Twins , all but by blood .
Inseparable from birth , they are almost telepathic .
They are also partners in crime , with ...
See full summary »
Hi , that took us way longer than expected but we ’re finally released RC3 of K3b .
Among other things the infamous BD bug has been fixed ( thanks to muesli who reproduced and debugged the issue ) .
You can grab the sources here .
I ’m currently enjoying KDE Multimedia & Edu Sprint in Randa so you can expect soon the next RC with a couple of new bug fixes .
After that the final stable version should finally come out the door .
Changelog since K3 b 1.91 ( 2.0 - RC2 )
Bugfixes :
In some cases medium does n’t get accepted for multisession burning ( 230742 )
Data files in VCD ripping view are not listed
Show “ Modify Permissions ” button in System Problem Dialog only when it makes sense ( 230706 )
Crash after “ Cancel ” was clicked while adding audio files to AudioCD project ( 231348 )
Error window at the start when a place on the left pane is not accessible ( 230194 )
Incorrect minimum size of welcome widget ( 231939 )
Hangs while ripping AudioCD with data tracks ( 231174 )
Crash when auto - removing non-existing files from a project before the burning ( 236005 )
Empty Blu-ray medium not detected properly ( 236069 )
e Movix project cannot be burned ( 236823 )
M3U playlist not read properly ( 237654 )
K3b overwrites iso ignoring user choice on dvd copy with option “ only create image ” checked ( 185251 )
Compilation fails with FFmpeg version SVN - r23001 ( 236036 )
Crash when waiting for reload the medium
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : K3B , KDE
For decades , people have been ignoring advice to eat less salt — in large part because it ’s hard to avoid .
Processed and restaurant foods are simply loaded with sodium .
Now , under growing pressure from doctors , consumers , states , advocacy groups and even national - level advisors , big - name food companies are slashing sodium from soups , potato chips , sauces , condiments and other products .
Last month , the Food and Drug Administration announced its intent to reduce salt in the American diet , beginning with a call for voluntary cutbacks from the food industry .
New York City has spearheaded a National Salt Reduction Initiative , and , as part of it , 16 companies ( including Starbucks , Subway , Boar ’s Head and Mars ) so far have signed on to voluntarily reduce sodium levels in their foods by 25 % over the next five years .
Kraft announced in March plans to cut 10 % of the sodium from its North American product line in the next two years .
ConAgra Foods Inc. ( makers of Chef Boyardee and Orville Redenbacher ’s brands ) aims to cut 20 % by 2015 .
Heinz is cutting 15 % of the sodium in its ketchup .
Similar pledges have come from General Mills , Unilever , Sara Lee , Campbell ’s and PepsiCo , which is even attacking its Lay ’s potato chips .
Advertisement
For manufacturers , cutting salt requires more than just laying off the shaker .
Salt balances flavors and textures in products like bread , cheese , cereal and yogurt - based drinks that do n’t necessarily taste salty .
It acts as a preservative , fighting the growth of bacteria .
Perhaps the biggest hurdle of all is that , to our salt - saturated tongues , without sodium food can taste bland .
To lower salt levels while still pleasing the palates of a salt - obsessed nation , companies are turning to new strategies — from the low - tech end , simply subbing in other spices , to , on the higher - tech end , developing molecules that can replace or enhance salt .
These efforts are long overdue in the eyes of most health experts .
In a report released in April , the Institute of Medicine ( the U.S. government ’s official health advisor ) urged the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to adopt new standards for salt and to put limits on sodium levels in restaurant meals and prepared foods .
The report repeated evidence that reducing sodium in American diets — from today ’s average of more than 3,400 milligrams to the 2,300 mg ( about a teaspoon ) a day recommended for most healthy people — could prevent 100,000 deaths each year .
( African Americans , people middle - aged and older , and those with high blood pressure are advised to consume no more than 1,500 mg . )
The report also noted that , though such recommendations have been around for a long time , sodium consumption has generally risen since the 1970s .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve had 40 years of history with this and not much success , ” says Jane Henney , professor of medicine at the University of Cincinnati and editor of the Institute of Medicine report .
“ If over time we can get down to a reasonable level of sodium intake , it ’s going to make a real difference in terms of health outcomes , and we will see the impact in real dollars in healthcare savings . ”
Sodium ’s function
Sodium , along with chlorine , forms the bulk of ordinary table salt , in the form of sodium chloride , or NaCl .
In the body , sodium regulates muscle contractions , nerve impulses , water levels and more .
Every cell in the body needs it , and the tongue has receptors that tell the brain when salt has entered the mouth .
“ The whole system is tuned so that you like salt to make sure that you take in enough sodium to survive , ” says biologist David Linemeyer , vice president of Senomyx , a flavor research and development company in San Diego .
Advertisement
But if you take in more sodium than the kidneys can handle , the blood retains water , forcing the heart to work harder — raising the risk of high blood pressure , heart attacks , strokes and avoidable deaths .
Even when people try to eat less salt , the mineral is almost impossible to avoid .
More than 75 % of the sodium we consume comes in packaged and processed foods .
A typical portion of American cheese contains 450 mg of sodium .
An average bowl of chicken noodle soup has nearly 1,000 mg .
A serving of cornflakes has the same amount of sodium as a bagel : about 270 mg .
Seven Triscuits add 650 mg .
Then there are the surprising levels in frozen and restaurant meals : nearly 2,000 mg in a Hungry - Man prepared steak meal , 3,300 mg in Olive Garden ’s Chicken Parmesan and 6,290 mg in Chili ’s Buffalo Chicken Fajitas with tortillas and condiments .
The Institute of Medicine report suggested that manufacturers and restaurants gradually reduce sodium content over time , with the hope that our tastes will gradually change without any suffering .
Some companies , including Campbell ’s and Kellogg ’s , had already started to do that , without much fanfare .
Advertisement
“ There are trends now in the industry with food companies not advertising the fact that their products are less salty , ” says flavor chemist Harshad Patel , technical director at Kerry Ingredients and Flavors , a Wisconsin - based food technology company .
That ’s probably because people tend to reject foods that are labeled low - sodium , he says .
“ They ’re just reducing sodium slowly and gradually by 10 % or 20 % , so consumers are not put off by the perception that this product is going to be less tasty . ”
Gradually decreasing salt does n’t solve all the problems food companies face , though , because salt does more than just make pretzels and nachos satisfying .
It balances sweetness in cookies and cakes .
It gives smoothness to bread .
It makes meat juicier .
Without salt , cereal tastes like cardboard , cheese tastes less cheesy , soup seems thinner and lunchmeat goes bad more quickly .
Whenever a company tries to remove salt from a recipe , it has to find a way to save both taste and texture .
“ It ’s an amazing ingredient in many ways , ” Patel says .
“ That ’s why we struggle with trying to replace it . ”
Advertisement
Replacement strategies
One standard strategy is to replace some or all of the salt in a recipe with potassium chloride , which offers a salty flavor but also comes with a bitter , metallic edge that lingers on the teeth for several minutes and makes you feel like you just chewed on a nail .
Some people are particularly sensitive to it .
Many low - sodium soups , salt - alternative seasonings and other products offer a mixture of sodium chloride and potassium chloride , along with sugar , spices , MSG and other flavorings added to mask the “ off ” flavors .
Sea salt , another trendy replacement for table salt , contains a mixture of minerals and thus has less sodium than table salt does — the exact amount depends on the type of sea salt .
Sea salt already appears in some conventional soups and can shave 50 % or more off the sodium content .
Advertisement
Companies have also experimented with lime juice , vinegar , yeast extract and proportions of ingredients to produce products with a satisfying complexity .
“ This is really an art and a science in how you fine - tune things , ” Patel says .
“ Most of the time , if you balance flavors , you cannot distinguish one product from another , ” even if one has more sodium , he says .
On the more technical side , manufacturers sometimes redistribute salt so that more crystals sit on the surface of a product and less lie inside .
That provides a quick zing of salty flavor in the mouth .
They may use smaller salt crystals , which has a similar effect because it increases the amount of salt that actually dissolves on the tongue .
Some companies are working to formulate salt crystals that do n’t dissolve easily so that they provide flavor but then pass through the body without having ill health effects .
Many of these developments are confidential .
PepsiCo is also working on changing the shape of salt crystals so they tickle the tongue more effectively .
Advertisement
“ I ca n’t say a whole lot about it , ” says Dave DeCecco , a spokesman for PepsiCo in Purchase , N.Y .
“ The R&D people are hypersensitive that we do n’t start giving away secrets .
It ’s probably a couple years away before that becomes available . ”
Elsewhere , scientists are trying to understand , once and for all , how the tongue knows that something is salty .
Once they know that , they may be able to trick the brain into thinking it ’s tasting more salt than it is .
They already know that salt receptors are more complicated than sugar receptors , which work like a simple lock - and - key system .
They also know that salt receptors take the form of pore - like channels in cell membranes through which only sodium can sneak to send the pure , clean taste of salt to the brain .
A lot of different receptors and other molecules appear to be involved , and much is still unknown .
For that reason , “ it ’s unlikely there will be a salt substitute the same way there ’s an aspartame or sucralose , ” says Gary Beauchamp , director of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia .
More likely , scientists will develop salt - enhancing molecules that might , say , hold salt channels open longer or prevent them from closing .
That would allow a salty sensation to hang around for longer — so that less salt tastes just as salty .
Advertisement
Recent developments support the concept .
Scientists have discovered amino acids , for example , that do n’t taste salty on their own but when combined with salt make salt taste saltier .
And at Senomyx , researchers have identified a protein that appears to be a central part of the sodium receptor and are busy searching through a library of more than 500,000 natural and artificial flavor candidates to find ones that might interact with that protein ( called SNMX - 29 ) and produce saltier sensations .
Already , the company says it has found more than 250 candidates .
“ We ca n’t give you a timeline , ” says Gwen Rosenberg , a communications officer at Senomyx .
“ But we absolutely believe it ’s realistic . ”
health@latimes.com
Back on April 2nd , it looked like Arctic Sea ice extent at NSIDC would cross the “ normal ” line .
See : Arctic Sea Ice Extent Update : still growing
The image then looked like this :
The line hit an “ imaginary barrier ” it seems , because like an earthworm trying to tunnel through a sidewalk , sea ice extent took a hard right turn .
Watch this 4 day animation from WUWT reader Anthony Scalzi Dave Beal :
Now before anyone starts trotting out claims of “ adjustments ” , I ’ll point out that the independent JAXA data set , done with a different satellite and the AMSR - E sensor shows the same thing :
Note the area I ’ve highlighted inside the box .
Here is that area magnified below :
The NSIDC presentation is zoomed to show the current period of interest , whereas the JAXA presentation shows the entire annual cycle .
So we notice small changes in NSIDC more often .
Also , the NSIDC presentation is a running 5 day average according to Dr. Walt Meier .
Of course whether you are scientist , scholar , layman , casual observer , or zealot , nature never gives a care as to what we might expect it to do .
So worry not , no skullduggery is afoot .
Nature is just laughing at all of us .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
In a broad - based review of studies focused on drugs that treat anxiety , a Saint Louis University doctor found no evidence supporting the use of so - called " natural " treatments in combating the effects of anxiety .
St. John 's wort , kava extract and valerian , herbal remedies touted on the Internet , have not been proven to be effective in treating anxiety wrote Kimberly Zoberi , M.D. , associate professor of family and community medicine at Saint Louis University School of Medicine .
Additionally , she raised concerns about the safety of valerian , particularly lacking any long - term studies of the herb .
" Patients should be extremely cautious about garnering medical advice from the Internet , " says Zoberi .
" There is no evidence that those medications are effective .
If a patient wishes to avoid drug therapy , her doctor can suggest alternatives such as cognitive behavioral therapy . "
In addition to the findings regarding " natural " treatments , Zoberi compared the differing prescription drug regimens available on the market for patients suffering from anxiety .
According to Zoberi , most physicians recommend selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) as a first - line treatment because they were safe , effective and less expensive .
However , some patients suffer sexual or gastrointestinal side effects .
Zoberi found that medications from the anticonvulsant class of drugs are among the quickest and most effective ways to provide relief to patients in distress without the side effects of other first - line treatments .
The downside is that these prescriptions are fairly expensive compared to other treatments .
Ultimately , Zoberi strongly recommends consulting with a health care professional before beginning any drug regimen for anxiety .
The review article was published in last month 's issue of the Journal of Family Practice .
Review index : Select a page Introduction Motherboards Power supplies RAM Graphics cards Hard drives Conclusion Components returns rates
by Marc Prieur
Published on May 12 , 2010
The one gap in our advice on purchasing your hardware is information on reliability .
Sure , manufacturer reputation helps , but as reliability varies enormously from one model to another , even well - known manufacturers arent immune from sending out doubtful products .
Even if , as the financial sector likes to tell us , past results are nothing to go by , today we 're publishing some of the returns stats that we have available .
Of course this type of stat is of relative value , especially as a good number of the products have become obsolete .
The information is nevertheless useful and allows us to point out certain products or manufacturers that need to do better in the future .
The first question is of course where the stats come from .
They re taken from a large French online retailer , whose database we have direct access to .
We were , then , able to extract the stats we wanted straight from source .
Of course they are limited to the products sold by the retailer , but unfortunately there isnt any other way of getting hold of reliable stats .
Who would believe for example any returns rates given by the manufacturers themselves ?
The returns rates given concern the products sold between April 2009 and September 2009 , namely after between 6 months and a year of use .
The statistics by manufacturers are based on a minimum sample of 500 sales , those by model on a minimum sample of 100 sales .
Each time , we have compared manufacturers rates with those
The returns rates given concern the products sold between April 2009 and September 2009 , namely after between 6 months and a year of use .
The statistics by manufacturers are based on a minimum sample of 500 sales , those by model on a minimum sample of 100 sales .
Each time , we have compared manufacturers rates with those in our previous article on the subject published 6 months ago
Page index
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 Next page >>
Motherboards
Copyright © 1997 - behardware.com .
All rights reserved .
Read our privacy guidelines .
( This guest post comes courtesy of the author 's blog )
Lloyd Blankfein was grilled by the Senate yesterday , and he highlighted one of the oldest tricks in the alpha deception handbook .
Do n't admit to being a merely a middleman , because that 's too transparent .
That 's a skill to be sure , but something many people can do , and most do n't make $ 10 MM a year doing it .
Instead , say , you are ' transferring risk ' , ' taking risk ' , ' selling risk ' .
If you buy and sell investments , this is technically true .
But it 's hugely misleading .
Senator Claire McCaskill better characterized Goldman as a bookie whose main job is setting a line so they are n't taking a position on the outcome , their customers are , just in offsetting ways .
Making markets is first and foremost about pricing ( setting the line ) , secondarily about hedging , and finally about how the residual risk agregates up .
If you price correctly , the other two are de minimus .
But as I explain in my Finding Alpha book , one reason why ' risk ' remains prominent in academic finance though it has never been identified precisely is that it has the ability to rationalize a lot of useful deception .
Risk is presumably the most important thing in finance , its essence .
But what is ' risk ' ?
That depends : it could be beta , a regression coefficient with the aggregate market ; it could be volatility , or the correlation with the wealth - to - income ratio .
Bill Sharpe , one of the founders of the Capital Asset Pricing Model , now prefers a 12 factor model of risk that totally obviates his Nobel Prize winning insight , though no one seems to note the inconsistency .
It is that which , in combination with an expected return , defines how much of some asset one wants to buy .
Now , because expected returns are straightforward , alpha deceptors do n't like to go there .
Instead , they talk about the risk that could rationalize any desire for any expected return .
And since ' risk ' has both an insanely squirrelly but rigorous ( covariance with the Stochastic Discount Factor ! ) , and also has a subjective , intuitive definition , it allows one to say nonsense and get away with it .
It 's sort of like post - modern gibberish where one can talk about ' Transgressing the Boundaries : Towards a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity ' , and get smart people to think you , too , are smart , because it uses profound but amorphous words in a plausible sequence .
So , when alpha deceptors hide behind the ' we are risk managers ' defense , remember , a real risk manager has a prosaic job , doing things that one can understand : verifying income on loan applications , measuring CAPM betas , calculating VaRs even .
They are straightforward , and you can argue about key assumptions .
The whole ' risk manager ' spiel is because if you are getting paid $ 1 MM + a year , you know that there 's probably someone just as smart as you making half that who wants your job , so better make it sound like you are doing financial string theory .
As ' risk ' is essential , important , and undefinable , Blankfein and Sparks could talk about ' selling risk ' and keep senators at bay .
Not that their actions are n't difficult , have a good function in society , but all ' selling risk ' stuff was crap : they sold Paulson short CDO exposure because he was bearish , so saying they were ' selling risk ' was simply a way to avoid talking about it , and make them sound really sophisticated .
They are ' sophisticated ' , in the English sense of being dishonest or misleading .
Goldman did n't do a good job defending themselves .
You have to be a ' bright young thing ' to get a job there , but I think their brand name and massive connections , make them appear much smarter than they really are .
They could have mentioned that for most things they make markets in , it would be impossible to keep a consistent position ( eg , long housing ) , because you have hedges , people bet not just on the direction but the volatility , and you might believe a certain subset of a broad sector is bad , or you might change your mind every week .
Also , in a large institution , you probably have certain groups with opposite views , and let the magic of their pnl determine who is right : they are net zero on the ' beta ' bet , but one might demonstrate ' alpha ' , so your organization wins .
Further , every asset , even ' shitty ' ones , is attractive at the right price .
A regulation on position direction is antithetical to the essence of being a market maker , who occasionally ends up with inventory long or short , which then needs to be exited .
Blankfein is a crony capitalist , begging for more ' regulation ' because he knows that a 1300 page bill basically only helps those with connections and extant massive legal infrastructure , and hurts potential competitors who merely have good ideas .
I 'd miss them as much as I 'd miss Drexel , a giant which died with much schadenfreude .
Read more market commentary at Falkenblog >
She has helped countless thousands of people become “ Fit Witnesses for Christ in spirit , soul , and body ” since PraiseMoves ' inception in 2001 .
As a Keynote Speaker and Author with Harvest House Publishers and Destiny Image , Dr. Willis has spoken internationally and has produced fitness DVDs , books , and TV shows , as well as trained hundreds of Certified PraiseMoves Instructors on 6 continents .
PraiseMoves ( “ The Christian ALTERNATIVE to yoga ” ) offers Christian Fitness DVDs , Christian meditation and Power Promises Walking programs , as well as Classes by Certified PraiseMoves Instructors on six continents .
Certified Instructor training is offered for PraiseMoves , PraiseMoves Gold ( to teach seniors & those with limited physical mobility , PraiseKICKS ( Kickboxing with the Word ) , PraiseWAVES ( Aqua PraiseMoves ) and MIRA !
( “ The Christian Alternative to Zumba ! ” – David Warren , Oasis Network ) .
The patent dispute between Apple and HTC seems to be heating up a bit .
Apple is now bringing their complain before the U.S. International Trade Commission since they plain that HTC ’s infringements violate the Tariff Act of 1930 : “ importation into the United States and sale of certain personal data and mobile communications devices and related software that infringe patents asserted by the complainants . ”
Though the patent dispute has barely begun , the U.S. International Trade Commission has the right to bar the importation of HTC products into the U.S. market based on the patent dispute .
Apple has requested that the commission “ issue an exclusion order and a cease and desist order . ”
At this moment , the commission has not made any rulings on the matter , but there are evidentiary hearings already scheduled .
Once the procession begins , the commission has 45 days to schedule a target completion date , no matter what the outcome .
If Apple does win this claim against HTC with the U.S. International Trade Commission , sales of HTC products in the U.S. would come to a halt .
We ’re still unclear on why Apple is specifically targeting HTC and their products when all the other Android producing manufacturers could be lumped into the patent claim as well .
Clearly , HTC is seen as one of the biggest threats to Apple ’s iPhone market share .
Source : Total Telecom
The Super SFIV devs have been breaking with tradition a bit lately and dishing some great dirt on the ways your favorite characters have been adjusted in Super SFIV .
The good news is that there ’s , well , good news –for everyone !
You can really see the “ balance up ” philosophy in action here , with great stuff on how Guile became more “ Guile - like , ” Vega got helpful buffs , Dhalsim does more damage (! ) , M. Bison ’s psycho crusher has become a scary move again , and Sagat can still be a beast even without making you feel like you got robbed when he beats you .
This game is really shaping up to be amazing , and although the internet has been doing a lot of griping about Guile , we may see the power of Guile in action sooner than you think …
Muahaha !
Of course all thanks to SRK ’s Azrael for the lightning quick translations !
— Let ’s get right into it – please tell us about the adjustments for Guile .
Okada :
Since SFII , Guile has been a character who ca n’t do his special moves instantly , but with plenty of good normal moves .
Since we wanted to work on that area in S4 , he ’s the only character in all of the game who we ’ve made adjustments to his charging time , and we ’ve also made some big revisions to his normal moves .
Sano :
We also worked on his offensive priority quite a bit .
Okada :
We ’ve also changed the functionality of the Guile High Kick ( DF+RH ) , which many people did n’t quite know how to use .
In IV we intended for it to be an anti-air for when Guile does n’t have charge , but in S4 we ’ve added combo functionality to it .
— Combo functionality … which means we can juggle after it ?
Okada :
Yes .
You can juggle after it with EX Flash Kick , etc , and you can use it in combos .
We ’ve also adjusted his Spinning Back Knuckle ( backfist ) so that you can combo it after a Sonic Boom .
We ’ve also made it so that his Reverse Spin Kick ( Upside - down kick ) makes low attacks miss more easily , and tried to make him more like his old self .
Tsukamoto :
We ’ve also made some corrections to his combos .
Okada :
Yes , we have .
The Guile players who gave it their all with his combos , they did n’t really get enough reward for their efforts .
That was the biggest thing about his combos , so in S4 we took that into consideration and we ’re adjusting the amount of damage his link combos do .
— What about adjustments to his special moves ?
Okada :
Guile is all about the Sonic Boom .
But in IV , when getting into a fireball fight he ended up on the losing side .
That ’s not really Guile .
Even though SB is a charge move , he ’s supposed to be the one to win in a fireball fight .
So in order to get closer to that idea , we ’ve made some slight adjustments to the charge time for Sonic Boom to make it stronger .
— What type of move is his new ultra , Sonic Hurricane ?
Okada :
As the Sonic Hurricane is a move based on being grounded , you can use it to pressure your opponent , do chip damage , or just keep your opponent in front of you and stop them from moving .
We ’ve also made it so that it can be used in combos .
So then because of that , it does a little less damage than his Somersault Explosion Ultra I .
So if you want to take off big chunks of damage , use Somersault Explosion , but if you want an all - purpose attack plan with lots of variations , then you can use Sonic Hurricane .
— Sounds like Guile ’s been buffed up .
Okada :
Yeah , I think he ’s risen up to the middle class at least .
We ’ve also given him a fun new move , so if you can use it when you have a chance I ’d be happy about that .
Tsukamoto :
Ah , this was a bit of a secret topic during Hakan ’s reveal trailer .
Guile ’s sunglasses .
Sano :
If you enter in the command , Guile puts on the sunglasses .
Do it again , and he takes them off .
… And that ’s really all it does ( laughs ) .
We also wanted to make the sunglasses cancellable .
Okada :
Jump RH -> S.FP -> Sunglasses ! ( laughs )
But this would just aggravate the player on the receiving end , so we gave up on it .
— Next , tell us about Dhalsim ’s adjustments .
Okada :
The character who won the first national tournament .
Dhalsim is a character where the players have found a lot of really interesting ways to use him , which surprised even us .
But his overall damage output was kind of low , so the reward for reading your opponent was n’t that great .
So if the player was n’t exceptionally skilled , there were many rough spots in using him .
Although there was the thought that if we made him stronger in S4 , those who were already good with him would just be even better , but as we wanted a wide range of Dhalsim players to be able to enjoy him more , we decided to give him some improvements .
Sano :
Is n’t he the only character who has n’t has some kind of numerical reduction ?
Okada :
Yeah , I think we talked about this the last time , but in order to increase the number of turns in a fight * we ’ve reduced the damage output in general for all characters – all except for Dhalsim .
His damage was low to begin with .
Also , we ’ve slightly increased his counter attacks .
Since Dhalsim is a character who has difficult normals and trouble with footsies in close , we ’ve improved his throw , and made his Drills better , which many people wanted .
So for the Dhalsim players who felt like they lost once their opponent got in close , in S4 I think that will be a better fight for you .
(* Az : In the last blog they mentioned making the game so that if you read your opponent twice , you would probably win – they were adjusting S4 to increase this number , so “ turns ” probably refers to this . )
— Many people wanted the his Yoga Fire to be sped up …
Okada :
We have n’t changed the speed of Yoga Fire , but EX Yoga Fire now goes full - screen , so you can pressure people from areas you could n’t before now .
— What type of move is his new ultra , Yoga Shangri-la ?
Okada :
Yoga Shangri-la is a move that can be used during Dhalsim ’s unique jump arc .
As its for grounded use , it wo n’t throw an airborne opponent , but its really good when used with his teleport .
To put it simply , Yoga Castastrophe is a move for starting an attack string , while Yoga Shangri - la is a move for ending one .
Sano :
The hitbox for Yoga Shangri-la is pretty big , and sort of similar to the headbutt Drill .
So its difficult for an opponent to tell in an instant whether Yoga Shangri-la or Headbutt Drill is coming , and that adds some variation to his attack patterns .
— Now then , please tell us about Balrog ’s adjustments .
Okada :
As Balrog was already a pretty strong character , I think he was pretty high up in the tiers in IV .
So we wanted to keep his current playstyle intact , but make his freedom of use a bit better .
Probably the biggest adjustment is that we ’ve re-examined his input priority .
In IV , his Dash Uppercut and Grand Dash Uppercut sometimes would n’t come out , or would come out on their own , so we ’ve adjusted this .
— How about his new ultra , Dirty Bull ?
Okada :
Dirty Bull is a throw type move that deals out massive stun .
Balrog is a character who can make his opponents clam up and then deal out chip damage , or if he breaks their guard he can deal out big rushing damage .
But if he has his opponent guarding , for the most part he can really only do chip damage .
So now he has the Dirty Bull , which is another way of breaking his opponent ’s defenses .
As was said before , the move does massive stun – so if you hit it after getting in a good rush attack , there ’s a high likelihood that your opponent will be stunned .
For those looking to dish out big damage , you ’ll want to stick to Violent Buffalo , but if you want more ways to pressure your opponent , then I think Dirty Bull is a nice choice .
— Now please tell us about Vega ’s adjustments .
Okada :
We ’ve made Vega stronger !
Probably the biggest thing is that we ’ve given him more overheads .
His Piece of Mercury ( DF+MK ) was a high attack , but in S4 it now hits overhead .
Many people said it was hard to get knockdowns with Vega in IV , but with this attack hitting overhead now this should increase his attacking options .
Also , we mentioned this before , but we ’ve made his claw and mask more durable , so they do n’t come off so easily now .
We ’re also adjusting his vitality even when he has the mask and claw , so I believe players will be able to use a stronger playstyle .
We ’ve also increased the invulnerability periods on all his special moves and made them stronger .
Sano :
To give some specific details , we ’ve made his Scarlet Terror unthrowable , so it can be better used against Zangief ’s Screw Pile Driver .
Also , his MP Rolling Crystal Flash will cause guard stun until the very end , so he does n’t have to worry about it being interrupted by an attack with invincibility , and can use it safely as a chip - damage move .
— How about his ultras ?
Okada :
First , we ’ve vastly improved his Bloody High Claw .
Now it hits on the way up , the same as his EX Flying Barcelona Attack , so there are more situations in which he can land it .
Also , Splendid Claw reduces his hitbox and moves along very quickly .
Bloody High Claw does good damage and is good for anti-air , while Splendid Claw is for grounded opponents .
I think Splendid Claw is easier to use than Bloody High Claw , so that adds to his strength .
— Many people feel that Vega is n’t quite as agile as compared to his SFII version … ?
Okada :
Really though , in IV Vega is one of the most agile characters in the game .
It ’s just that he ’s tall and his legs have a particular movement to them , so if you look at the image it does n’t look like he ’s moving much at all .
— There were also a lot of opinions that his claw throw - away move came out too easily .
Sano :
We have taken another look at the inputs for that .
Except for those who do a lot of inputs from crouching position , it should n’t really come out on its own anymore .
— Well then , now tell us about the adjustments to Sagat .
Okada :
Sagat was well known as a strong character , and we on the dev team felt so as well .
This time around , we wanted to retain what he could do , so we went with reducing his damage output .
Using the moves and combos he often utilized as a reference , we adjusted his attack power , and we also took another look at his jumping strong punch , which people felt was lopsidedly strong .
Of course , you have to read your opponents movements in order to be able to hit them , but as his combo window for attacks was on the long side , we adjusted that as well .
Sano :
Basically , the situations where he can just throw something out and it will be okay – those have been reduced .
Okada :
Yes .
If you look at him as a whole , the nerfed parts sort of stand out .
But we thought that just nerfing him was kind of sad , so we ’ve given him a new move .
The “ Angry Charge ” uses up meter , but affects the functionality of his Tiger Uppercut .
If Sagat hits Tiger Uppercut during Angry Charge , it does more damage , and it increases your chances of beating your opponent with an air combo .
So this is something you should try to do when you have meter .
— Sagat was called the strongest in IV – what do you think his position is in S4 ?
Okada :
Now , I feel like he ’s either 1st or 2nd .
Its not that his position has changed , but our adjustments have allowed for the other characters to close the gap on him .
So its not that we ’ve just made him weaker , but we ’ve made the other characters more competitive with him .
Sano :
So for the players who used Sagat before , instead of thinking that they won based on the character ’s ability , now they can think that Sagat is strong because the player is strong .
— What type of move is his new ultra , Tiger Cannon ?
Okada :
In contrast to Tiger Destruction , which moves him forward , Tiger Cannon is a powered - up version of his Tiger Shot .
As Ryu is his rival in the story , we also figured that Tiger Cannon would be a nice accompaniment to Ryu ’s Metsu Hadouken .
It does n’t have the destructive power of Tiger Destruction , but its a projectile move that can be used regardless of where the opponent is on screen , and I think it will be nice for those who want to improve their footsie game .
— And finally , tell us about the improvements to Bison .
Okada :
I think there are a lot of skilled Bison players in IV , but Bison did n’t really have a good go - to move .
Bison ’s signature move is his Psycho Crusher , so for our adjustments we took another look at his usage of it .
— The usage of Psycho Crusher ?
Okada :
We ’ve increased the functionality of Psycho Crusher to bring back the “ Psycho Tail ” image from back in the day .
In the past , it would do chip damage even after he passed through the opponent , and trip people up , so we ’ve made adjustments to bring that back .
It was often said that the Psycho Crusher was useless in IV , but now you can use it on wakeup to give Bison an advantage .
— Are there any other areas that have been changed ?
Okada :
We ’ve improved the EX Psycho Crusher ’s ability to negate fireballs .
So now he can nullify a fireball and keep on with his attack .
— What kind of move is his new ultra , Psycho Punisher ?
Okada :
His ultra in IV , Nightmare Booster , was mainly meant for in - combos , and has high damage output .
So his new ultra , Psycho Punisher , is a move to help Bison against projectile characters .
He flies in a parabola , so in those times when projectile characters are zoning him out now he can use this ultra .
Also , the biggest feature of Psycho Punisher is that its a command move .
So you can use it without having to store a charge .
— Do you have a message to everyone looking forward to playing the game ?
Okada :
Of the characters we talked about this time around , I believe people were the most concerned about Vega and Sagat .
We ’ve improved Vega so that he finally feels like one of the strong four bosses ( Four Kings ie the WW bosses ) , so to all the people who have stuck with Vega I really want to say thank you .
As for Sagat , as Ryu ’s rival I do n’t think his position as changed , but he has a lot more openings than he did in IV .
So for people fighting against Sagat , be sure to take advantage of those openings and take the fight to him , and I think it ’ll be a good match .
For Sagat players , you may feel that he ’s really been nerfed , but he ’s got a new move , and his position as The King ( or , the emperor ) has n’t really changed , so please enjoy him in this game as well .
Tsukamoto :
Well everyone , did you enjoy today ’s entry ?
Sorry to those whose characters we have n’t talked about yet .
Please wait just a little while longer !
Next time we ’ll be talking about the adjustments for El Fuerte , C.Viper , Abel , Rufus , Seth , Akuma , and Gouken .
See you next week !
One of the coolest benefits of being a href = " http://www.tentonhammer.com/membership
">Ten Ton Hammer
Premium member is that every once in a while you get to ask
the devs of your favorite MMOGs questions about their games .
This week style = " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret World
fans are in for a treat .
We spoke with Ragnar Tørnquist , Creative
Director and Senior Producer at Funcom for style = " font - style : italic ; " > The Secret World
and asked him your
questions .
Ragnar graciously obliged .
Metal asks :
What kind of
death penalty will
have ?
Ragnar Tørnquist
The
Secret World
Metal asks :
Taking into
account that there are demons in The
Secret World , does this mean that hell and heaven exist in
the game ?
Ragnar
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 600 px ; height : 373 px ; "
alt =" Combat in the shipward of The Secret World "
src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/82562 " >
Combat in the shipward of
The Secret World href= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/82562 ">style=" border : 0 px solid ; width : 600 px ; height : 373 px ;" alt = " Combat in the shipward of The Secret World " src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/82562 ">The Secret World
style = " font - style : italic ; font - weight : bold ; " > The SecretWorldstyle = " font - weight : bold ; " > style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
We do n't want to mete out too much punishment willy nilly .
Taking risksis part of the fun of playing .
Dying - or , well , not dying ; we don' thave actual ' death ' in - is going to be an inconvenience , sure , butI would n't call it penalty .
Whatever happens it 's going to be closelyconnected to our lore and setting , and it 's going to make sense andfeel fair .
Players will be able to jump right back in and join theaction .
style= " font - weight : bold ; " > : Yesand no .
Our philosophy is to be as inclusive as possible regarding allreligions , to make room for any kind of interpretation based on worldview - religious or secular .
The mythical and spiritual elements ofstyle= " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret Worldare quite agnostic ... as far as that 's possible .
Yes , we make referencesto hell ( and heaven ) but we do n't make any definite statements or lockourselves into a single world view .
It 's a balancing act , but onethat 's important in order to preserve the mysteries ofstyle = " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret World - as well as the real world .
Do you really , really want to know thecapital - T Truth ?
Thought not .
Metal asks :
Can you tell
us more about crafting in The Secret World ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : No .
Not yet , at least !
Rocqu asks :
What is in style = " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret World to
help promote player community ?
( For example : player housing , guild
halls , in - game Facebooking , choke points ( places lots of people have to
go to to get something done in game ) , raid systems ? )
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
We 've already mentioned the hub cities which are going to focus on the
social and communal aspects of the game .
Aside from that , we 'll have
plenty of features that promote the community - some obvious , some not
so much - but we 're not quite ready to announce what those are quite
yet .
OneEyeRed asks :
What are
you going to do to break the traditional 15 - year - old mold and format
for MMO gaming ?
( For instance , the constant " Oh , it 's a new NPC with
another twenty quests " dilemma . )
Someone needs to break this tired
format and offer something different .
I really want to get excited
about TSW but the genre has made me leery .
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : Is
that a question or are you just venting ?
I hear you !
We hope we can
provide something a little different , and we 're striving to make
changes where we feel the genre could benefit from a change - like the
role - playing system , how missions are presented , the mix of different
types of gameplay , and so on .
OneEyeRed asks : Could you
go over how combat works to some extent for us ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : In
detail - no .
But we 've already talked about how players can equip seven
active powers and seven passive powers before heading out to do
missions and fight monsters , and that choice - from hundreds of
available powers - is really the driving force behind the combat .
The
mix of powers , both actives and passives , and the powers equipped by
your team mates , is key , and these powers are designed to work together
to create powerful ' combos ' .
This makes the system really unique and a
ton of fun to play .
Also , since we do n't have classes in style = " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret World ,
you can buy and equip any powers you want , creating a totally unique
hybrid character - if that 's what you want - or a super focused one if
you prefer to play an archetype like healer or tank .
For example .
It's
a very flexible and very deep system that will hopefully keep players
engaged for a long , long time .
Anacche asks :
In creating
such a rich and diverse lore , from many
controversial topics , was there anything that you wanted to do , but
felt it was too taboo ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
We 're not afraid of taboos !
Certainly nothing that we really wanted to
do .
Meaning we 're probably going to piss some people off , regardless ,
but we never set out to be controversial .
We just wanted to build the
type of world we all wanted to explore and play in .
Anacche asks : Being a fan
and loyal slave to the Age
of Conan , should I feel pretty well at home in TSW or will
I still find a learning curve ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : It's
a very different game in a lot of ways .
But if you 've played MMORPGs
before - Age of Conan ,
World of Warcraft ,
Guild Wars
- you 'll soon feel at home in The
Secret World .
We 're not reinventing the wheel , but rather
focusing on those elements that are key to our gameplay and setting .
It 's not a carbon copy of anything that 's out there , that 's for sure .
Anacche asks : AoC was
heavily criticized for being what some would describe as being
half - cooked and unpolished outside of Tortage ( although it 's pretty
well consensus that Tortage always has been a spectacle for all MMO
lovers to behold ) .
Is launch polish a major focal point this time
around for TSW ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
Absolutely .
My job is to make sure everything is as polished as
possible , that every little bit fits together and feels right , that
we 're launching the kind of game that both me and the team can be proud
of .
We do n't intend to let this one go until we 're all happy .
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 600 px ; height : 403 px ; "
alt =" Tearing up the junkyard in The Secret World "
src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/82573/preview " >
Tearing up the junkyard
in The Secret World href= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/82573 ">style=" border : 0 px solid ; width : 600 px ; height : 403 px ;" alt = " Tearing up the junkyard in The Secret World " src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/82573/preview "
>
The Secret World
Anacche asks : Robert E .
Howard and H.P. Lovecraft worked together quite a bit , and Howard
contributed quite a bit to Lovecraft 's lore .
Many people are pointing
at the perceived Lovecraft references in what little we 've seen in
TSW -- was this a conscious connection ?
Should we be expecting more early
20th century dark authors to feature prominently in Funcom MMOs ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : I've
been a fan of Lovecraft since I was way too young to read Lovecraft ,
and The Secret World
was influenced - partly , in addition to many , many other influences -
from the very beginning , before Funcom acquired the Conan license .
So
it 's a coincidence but a happy one .
I think most people in Funcom
appreciate a bit of darkness .
Maybe it 's a Scandinavian thing ?
centrik asks : I got into
the TSW beta via that AoC subscription offer .
On my AoC account page , I
have the TSW beta icon thingy .
When should I expect to hear more ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : We
have n't made any announcements yet .
centrik asks :
Does this mean I 'm guaranteed access at the beginning of the beta , or
just at some point throughout the process ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
We 're not ready to talk about this yet .
Abyssus asks : Your
previous MMOGs have always had enough great ideas and eye candy to make
many an MMO gamer drool , but what have you learned from the
post - release failings of Anarchy
Online , and Age
of Conan , and how are you going to ensure style = " font - style : italic ; " >
The Secret World
does n't suffer the same fate ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar : I'm
probably not the right person to talk about style = " font - style : italic ; " > Age of Conan , since
I did n't work on that game , but we hope to create a game that balances
the eye candy with solid , long lasting gameplay , and we 're putting a
lot of focus on longevity this time around - to make sure that players
always have tons of stuff to do , even when they 've churned through all
the content .
Also , our plan is to make sure the content feels high
quality throughout , that there 's no sudden dip after leaving the
starting zones .
We 've got an extremely stable engine and server setup
at this stage , so we do n't have to worry too much about the technology .
Our focus is primarily content .
Anacche asks : AoC pushed
the bar massively in terms of brutality and violence in an MMO - where
will TSW sit on this scale ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
Brutality and violence is n't a focus area for us .
Of course , you fight
demons and vampires and the walking dead - creatures from your darkest
nightmares - so there 's definitely some blood and guts , but no more
than you 'd find in your regular Hollywood movie .
Anacche asks :
Is there anything you really wanted to do in TSW that you just could n't
due to time or technology restraints ?
Is there anything you really
wanted to do in previous MMOGs that you could n't accomplish until TSW ?
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
style = " font - weight : bold ; " >
Ragnar :
There are of course tons of things we'd love to do that we do n't have
time to do , but that 's the nature of game development .
And the
advantage with MMORPGs is that we 're never done .
We can keep improving ,
keep introducing new features and new content for years and years .
And
that makes it a lot easier to launch a bit smaller - focused and
polished - and then build bigger , adding to that solid base .
You'll
find that we 'll have tons of things up our sleeves after launch , things
that will make it worthwhile to stick around and see where the game is
heading .
Today , Square Enix announced the first details of the upcoming June version update , slated for a mid-June release .
In addition to the first of three level cap increases to be implimented during the year , this update will see the conclusion of the Bastok , Windurst , and San d'Orian Wings of the Goddess missions , new additions to the Trial of the Magians system , the addition of the highly anticipated Walk of Echoes area , and much more !
Discuss this on the Zam Forums !
From Playonline.com :
We are pleased to announce that our development team is hard at work putting the finishing touches on the upcoming FINAL FANTASY XI version update , which is currently on track for a mid-June release .
This update promises to be a momentous one , with the first level cap increase in over six and a half years , and a veritable slew of new equipment and weapon skills to accompany it .
But that 's not all !
Adventurers across Vana 'diel can look forward to experiencing the climactic conclusions of the popular Wings of the Goddess nation quest storylines , braving the eerie environs of the new Walk of Echoes area , taking up the gauntlet with new Trial of the Magians trials , and much more !
With a host of job adjustments and other refinements on the way as well , this update is sure to offer something for players of all stripes .
As always , detailed previews will be forthcoming right here in the Topics section , so keep watching this space !
Tags
[ Excerpted from Property , Freedom and Society : Essays in Honor of Hans - Hermann Hoppe . ]
In this first decade of the 21st century , liberal thought , in both its theoretical and political aspects , has reached a historic crossroads .
Although the fall of the Berlin Wall and of real socialism beginning in 1989 appeared to herald " the end of history " ( to use Francis Fukuyama 's unfortunate and overblown phrase ) , today , and in many respects more than ever , statism prevails throughout the world , accompanied by the demoralization of freedom lovers .
Therefore , an " aggiornamento " of liberalism is imperative .
It is time to thoroughly revise liberal doctrine and bring it up to date in light of the latest advances in economic science , and the experience the latest historical events have provided .
This revision must begin with an acknowledgement that classical liberals have failed in their attempt to limit the power of the state and that today economic science is in a position to explain why this failure was inevitable .
The next step is to focus on the dynamic theory of the entrepreneurship - driven processes of social cooperation that give rise to the spontaneous order of the market .
This theory can be expanded and transformed into a full - fledged analysis of the anarchocapitalist system of social cooperation , which reveals itself as the only system that is truly viable and compatible with human nature .
In this article , we will analyze these issues in detail , along with a series of additional , practical considerations regarding scientific and political strategy .
Moreover , we will make use of this analysis to correct certain common misunderstandings and errors of interpretation .
The Fatal Error of Classical Liberalism
The fatal error of classical liberals lies in their failure to realize that their ideal is theoretically impossible , as it contains the seed of its own destruction , precisely to the extent that it includes the necessary existence of a state ( even a minimal one ) , understood as the sole agent of institutional coercion .
Therefore , classical liberals commit their great error in their approach : they view liberalism as a plan of political action and a set of economic principles , the goal of which is to limit the power of the state while accepting its existence and even deeming it necessary .
However , today ( in the first decade of the 21st century ) economic science has already shown :
that the state is unnecessary ; that statism ( even if minimal ) is theoretically impossible ; and that , given human nature , once the state exists , it is impossible to limit its power .
We will comment on each of these matters separately .
The State as an Unnecessary Body
From a scientific perspective , only the mistaken paradigm of equilibrium could encourage belief in a category of " public goods " in which satisfaction of the criteria of joint supply and nonrivalry in consumption would justify , prima facie , the existence of a body with a monopoly on institutional coercion ( the state ) that would oblige everyone to finance those goods .
Nevertheless , the dynamic , Austrian conception of the spontaneous order that entrepreneurship drives has demolished this entire theory put forward to justify the state : the emergence of any case ( real or apparent ) of a " public good , " i.e. , joint supply and nonrivalry in consumption , is accompanied by the incentives necessary for the impetus of entrepreneurial creativity to find a better solution via technological and legal innovations and entrepreneurial discoveries which make it possible to overcome any problem that may arise ( as long as the resource is not declared " public " and the free exercise of entrepreneurship is permitted , along with the accompanying private appropriation of the fruits of each creative , entrepreneurial act ) .
For instance , in the United Kingdom , the lighthouse system was for many years privately owned and financed , and private procedures ( sailors ' associations , port fees , spontaneous social monitoring , etc. ) offered an effective solution to the " problem " of what " statist " economics textbooks depict as the most typical example of a " public good . "
Likewise , in the American Far West , the problem arose of defining and defending property rights concerning , for instance , head of cattle in vast expanses of land .
Various entrepreneurial innovations which resolved the problems as they arose were gradually introduced ( cattle branding , constant supervision by armed cowboys on horseback , and finally , the discovery and introduction of barbed wire , which , for the first time , permitted the effective separation of great stretches of land at a very affordable price ) .
This creative flow of entrepreneurial innovation would have been completely blocked if the resources had been declared " public , " excluded from private ownership , and bureaucratically managed by a state agency .
( Today , for instance , most streets and highways are closed to the adoption of innumerable entrepreneurial innovations — the collection of a toll per vehicle and hour , the private management of security and noise pollution , etc. — despite the fact that most such innovations no longer pose any technological problem .
Nevertheless , the goods in question have been declared " public , " which precludes their privatization and creative , entrepreneurial management . )
Furthermore , most people believe the state is necessary because they confuse its existence ( unnecessary ) with the essential nature of many of the services and resources it currently ( and poorly ) provides , and over the provision of which it exercises a monopoly ( almost always under the pretext of their public nature ) .
People observe that today highways , hospitals , schools , public order , etc. are largely supplied by the state , and since these are highly necessary , people conclude without further analysis that the state is as well .
They fail to realize that the above - mentioned resources can be produced to a much higher standard of quality as well as more efficiently , economically , and in tune with the varied and changing needs of each individual , through the spontaneous market order , entrepreneurial creativity , and private property .
Moreover , people make the mistake of believing the state is also necessary to protect the defenseless , poor , and destitute ( " small " stockholders , ordinary consumers , workers , etc. ) , yet people do not understand that supposedly protective measures have the systematic result , as economic theory demonstrates , of harming in each case precisely those they are claimed to protect , and thus one of the clumsiest and stalest justifications for the existence of the state disappears .
Rothbard maintained that the set of goods and services the state currently supplies can be divided into two subsets : those goods and services which should be eliminated , and those which should be privatized .
Clearly , the goods mentioned in the above paragraph belong to the second group , and the disappearance of the state , far from meaning the disappearance of highways , hospitals , schools , public order , etc. , would mean their provision in greater abundance , at higher standards , and at a more reasonable price ( always with respect to the actual cost citizens currently pay via taxes ) .
In addition , we must point out that the historical episodes of institutional chaos and public disorder we could cite ( for example , many instances during the years prior to and during the Spanish Civil War and Second Republic , or today in broad areas of Colombia or in Iraq ) stem from a vacuum in the provision of these goods , a situation created by the states themselves , which neither do with a minimum of efficiency what in theory they should do , according to their own supporters , nor let the private , entrepreneurial sector do , since the state prefers disorder ( which also appears to more strongly legitimize its coercive presence ) to its dismantling and privatization at all levels .
It is particularly important to understand that the definition , acquisition , transmission , exchange , and defense of the property rights which coordinate and drive the social process do not require a body with a monopoly on violence ( the state ) .
On the contrary , the state invariably acts by trampling on numerous legitimate property titles , defending them very poorly , and corrupting the ( moral and legal ) behavior of individuals with respect to the private property rights of others .
The legal system is the evolutionary manifestation of the general legal principles ( especially regarding ownership ) compatible with human nature .
Therefore , the state does not determine the law ( democratically or otherwise ) .
Instead , the law is contained in human nature , though it is discovered and consolidated in an evolutionary manner , in terms of precedent and , mainly , doctrine .
( We view the Roman , continental legal tradition , with its more abstract and doctrinal nature , as far superior to the Anglo - Saxon system of common law , which originates from disproportionate state support for legal rulings or judgments .
These judgments , through binding case law , introduce into the legal system all sorts of dysfunctions that spring from the specific and prevailing circumstances and interests in each case . )
Law is evolutionary and rests on custom , and hence , it precedes and is independent of the state , and it does not require , for its definition and discovery , any agency with a monopoly on coercion .
Not only is the state unnecessary to define the law ; it is also unnecessary to enforce and defend it .
This should be especially obvious these days , when the use — even , paradoxically , by many government agencies — of private security companies has become quite common .
This is not the place to present a detailed account of how the private provision of what today are considered " public goods " would work ( though the lack of a priori knowledge of how the market would solve countless specific problems is the naïve , facile objection of those who favor the current status quo under the pretext , " better the devil you know than the devil you do n't " ) .
In fact , we cannot know today what entrepreneurial solutions an army of enterprising individuals would find for particular problems — if they were allowed to do so .
Nevertheless , even the most skeptical person must admit that " we now know " that the market , driven by creative entrepreneurship , works , and it works precisely to the extent that the state does not coercively intervene in this social process .
It is also essential to recognize that difficulties and conflicts invariably arise precisely in areas where the free , spontaneous order of the market is hindered .
Thus , regardless of the efforts made from the time of Gustav de Molinari to the present to imagine how an anarchocapitalist network of private security and defense agencies , each in support of more or less marginally alternative legal systems , would work , freedom theorists must never forget that what prevents us from knowing what a stateless future would be like — the creative nature of entrepreneurship — is precisely what offers us the peace of knowing that any problem will tend to be overcome , as the people involved will devote all of their effort and creativity to solving it .
Economic science has taught us not only that the market works , but also that statism is theoretically impossible .
Why Statism Is Theoretically Impossible
The Austrian economic theory of the impossibility of socialism can be expanded and transformed into a complete theory on the impossibility of statism , understood as the attempt to organize any sphere of life in society via coercive commands which involve intervention , regulation , and control and emanate from the body with a monopoly on institutional aggression ( the state ) .
The state cannot possibly achieve its coordination goals in any part of the social - cooperation process in which it attempts to intervene , especially the spheres of money and banking , the discovery of law , the dispensing of justice , and public order ( understood as the prevention , suppression , and punishment of criminal acts ) , for the following four reasons :
The state would need a huge volume of information , and this information is only found in a dispersed or diffuse form in the minds of the millions of people who participate each day in the social process .
The information the intervening body would need for its commands to exert a coordinating effect is predominantly tacit and inarticulable in nature , and thus it cannot be transmitted with absolute clarity .
The information society uses is not " given ; " it changes constantly as a result of human creativity .
Hence , there is obviously no possibility of transmitting today information which will only be created tomorrow and which is precisely the information the agent of state intervention needs to achieve its objectives tomorrow .
Finally and above all , to the extent state commands are obeyed and exert the desired effect on society , their coercive nature blocks the entrepreneurial creation of the very information the intervening state body most desperately needs to make its own commands coordinating ( rather than maladjusting ) .
Not only is statism theoretically impossible , but it also produces a whole series of distorting and highly damaging peripheral effects : the encouragement of irresponsibility ( as the authorities do not know the true cost of their intervention , they act irresponsibly ) ; the destruction of the environment when it is declared a public good and its privatization is prevented ; the corruption of the traditional concepts of law and justice , which are replaced by commands and " social " justice ; and the imitative corruption of individuals ' behavior , which becomes more and more aggressive and less and less respectful of morality and law .
The above analysis also permits us to conclude that if certain societies thrive nowadays , they do so not because of the state , but in spite of it .
For many people are still accustomed to behavior patterns that are subject to substantive laws ; areas of greater relative freedom remain ; and the state tends to be very inefficient at imposing its invariably clumsy , blind commands .
Furthermore , even the most marginal increases in freedom provide great boosts to prosperity , which illustrates how far civilization could advance without the hindrance of statism .
Finally , we have already commented on the false belief held by all those who identify the state with the provision of the ( " public " ) goods it now provides ( poorly and at great cost ) and who wrongly conclude that the disappearance of the state would necessarily mean the disappearance of its valuable services .
This conclusion is drawn in an environment of constant political indoctrination at all levels ( especially in the educational system , which no state wishes to lose control of , for obvious reasons ) , an environment where standards of " political correctness " are dictatorially imposed , and the status quo is rationalized by a complacent majority , which refuses to see the obvious : that the state is nothing but an illusion created by a minority to live at others ' expense , others who are first exploited , then corrupted , and then paid with outside resources ( taxes ) for all sorts of political " favors . "
The Impossibility of Limiting the Power of the State : Its " Lethal " Character in Combination with Human Nature
Once the state exists , it is impossible to limit the expansion of its power .
Granted , as Hoppe indicates , certain forms of government ( like absolute monarchies , in which the king - owner will , ceteris paribus , be more careful in the long term to avoid " killing the goose that lays the golden eggs " ) will tend to expand their power and intervene somewhat less than others ( like democracies , in which there are no real incentives to worry about what will happen after the next elections ) .
It is also true that in certain historical circumstances , the interventionist tide has appeared to have been dammed to a certain extent .
Nevertheless , the historical analysis is irrefutable : the state has not ceased to grow .
And it has not ceased to grow because the mixture of human nature and the state , as an institution with a monopoly on violence , is " explosive . "
The state acts as an irresistibly powerful magnet which attracts and propels the basest passions , vices , and facets of human nature .
People attempt to sidestep the state 's commands yet take advantage of its monopolistic power as much as possible .
Moreover , in democratic contexts particularly , the combined effect of the action of privileged interest groups , the phenomena of government shortsightedness and vote buying , the megalomaniacal nature of politicians , and the irresponsibility and blindness of bureaucracies amounts to a dangerously unstable and explosive cocktail .
This mixture is continually shaken by social , economic , and political crises which , paradoxically , politicians and social " leaders " never fail to use as justification for subsequent doses of intervention , and these merely create new problems while exacerbating existing ones even further .
The state has become the " idol " everyone turns to and worships .
Statolatry is without a doubt the most serious and dangerous social disease of our time .
We are taught to believe all problems can and should be detected in time and solved by the state .
Our destiny lies in the hands of the state , and the politicians who govern it must guarantee us everything our well - being demands .
Human beings remain immature and rebel against their own creative nature ( an essential quality which makes their future inescapably uncertain ) .
They demand a crystal ball to ensure not only that they know what will happen in the future , but also that any problems which arise will be resolved .
This " infantilization " of the masses is deliberately fostered by politicians and social leaders , since in this way they publicly justify their existence and guarantee their popularity , predominance , and governing capacity .
Furthermore , a legion of intellectuals , professors , and social engineers join in this arrogant binge of power .
Not even the most respectable churches and religious denominations have reached an accurate diagnosis of the problem : that today statolatry poses the main threat to free , moral , and responsible human beings ; that the state is an enormously powerful false idol which is worshipped by all and which will not countenance anyone 's freeing himself from its control nor having moral or religious loyalties outside its own sphere of dominance .
In fact , the state has managed something which might appear impossible a priori : it has slyly and systematically distracted the citizenry from the fact that the true origin of social conflicts and evils lies with the government itself , by creating scapegoats everywhere ( " capitalism , " the desire for profit , private property ) .
The state then places the blame for problems on these scapegoats and makes them the target of popular anger and of the severest and most emphatic condemnation from moral and religious leaders , almost none of whom has seen through the deception nor dared until now to denounce that in this century , statolatry represents the chief threat to religion , morality , and thus , human civilization .
Just as the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 provided the best historical illustration of the theorem of the impossibility of socialism , the huge failure of classical - liberal theorists and politicians to limit the power of the state perfectly illustrates the theorem of the impossibility of statism , specifically the fact that the liberal state is self - contradictory ( as it is coercive , even if " limited " ) and theoretically impossible ( since once we accept the existence of the state , it is impossible to limit the expansion of its power ) .
In short , the " law - based state " is an unattainable ideal and a contradiction in terms as flagrant as that of " hot snow , wanton virgin , fat skeleton , round square , " or that evident in the ideas of " social engineers " and neoclassical economists when they refer to a " perfect market " or the so - called " perfect - competition model . "
Anarchocapitalism as the Only Possible System of Social Cooperation Truly Compatible with Human Nature
Statism runs counter to human nature , since it consists of the systematic , monopolistic exercise of a coercion which , in all areas where it is felt ( including those corresponding to the definition of law and the maintenance of public order ) , blocks the creativity and entrepreneurial coordination which are precisely the most typical and essential manifestations of human nature .
Furthermore , as we have already seen , statism fosters and drives irresponsibility and moral corruption , as it diverts the focus of human behavior toward a privileged pulling on the reins of political power , within a context of ineradicable ignorance that makes it impossible to know the costs of each government action .
The above effects of statism appear whenever a state exists , even if every attempt is made to limit its power , an unattainable goal which renders classical liberalism a scientifically unfeasible utopia .
It is absolutely necessary to overcome the " utopian liberalism " of our predecessors , the classical liberals , who were both naïve in thinking the state could be limited , and incoherent in failing to carry their ideas to their logical conclusion and accept the implications .
Hence , today , with the 21st century well under way , our top priority should be to allow the ( utopian and naïve ) classical liberalism of the 19th century to be superseded by its new , truly scientific , and modern formulation , which we could call libertarian capitalism , private property anarchism , or simply , anarchocapitalism .
For it makes no sense for liberals to continue saying the same things they said one hundred fifty years ago when , well into the 21st century , and despite the fall of the Berlin Wall nearly twenty years ago , states have not ceased to grow and encroach upon people 's individual freedoms in all areas .
Anarchocapitalism ( or " libertarianism " ) is the purest representation of the spontaneous market order in which all services , including those of defining law , justice , and public order , are provided through an exclusively voluntary process of social cooperation , which thus becomes the focal point of research in modern economic science .
In this system , no area is closed to the drive of human creativity and entrepreneurial coordination , and hence efficiency and fairness increase in the solution of problems , and all of the conflicts , inefficiencies , and maladjustments which bodies with a monopoly on violence ( states ) invariably cause simply by virtue of existing , are eradicated .
Moreover , the proposed system eliminates the corrupting incentives created by the state , and in contrast fosters the most moral and responsible human behaviors , while preventing the emergence of any monopolistic body ( state ) which legitimizes the systematic use of violence and the exploitation of certain social groups ( those which have no choice but to obey ) by others ( those which at any time have the tightest hold on the reins of state power ) .
Anarchocapitalism is the only system which fully recognizes the free , creative nature of human beings and their perpetual capacity to internalize increasingly moral behavior patterns in an environment in which , by definition , no one can arrogate to himself the right to exercise monopolistic , systematic coercion .
In short , in an anarchocapitalist system , any entrepreneurial project can be tried if it attracts enough voluntary support , and therefore many possible creative solutions can be devised in a dynamic and constantly changing environment of voluntary cooperation .
The progressive replacement of states by a dynamic network of private agencies which back different legal systems and also provide all sorts of security , crime prevention , and defense services constitutes the most important item on the political and scientific agenda , as well as the most momentous social change to take place in the 21st century .
Conclusion : The Revolutionary Implications of the New Paradigm
The revolution spearheaded in the 18th and 19th centuries by the old classical liberals against the ancien régime finds its natural continuity today in the anarchocapitalist revolution of the 21st century .
Fortunately , we have discovered the reason behind the failure of utopian liberalism as well as the need to overcome it with scientific liberalism .
Also , we know that the old revolutionaries were naïve and mistaken in pursuing an unattainable ideal which , throughout the twentieth century , opened the door to the worst statist tyrannies humanity has ever known .
The message of anarchocapitalism is markedly revolutionary .
It is revolutionary in its end : the dismantling of the state and its replacement by a competitive market process in which a network of private agencies , associations , and organizations take part .
It is also revolutionary in its means , particularly in the scientific , economic - social , and political spheres .
Scientific Revolution .
On the one hand , economic science becomes the general theory of the spontaneous market order extended to all social realms .
On the other hand , it incorporates the analysis of the social discoordination statism produces in any area it influences ( including law , justice , and public order ) .
In addition , the different methods for dismantling the state , the transition processes involved , and the ways and effects of wholly privatizing all services now considered " public " comprise an essential field of research for our discipline .
Economic and Social Revolution .
One cannot even imagine the spectacular human achievements , advances , and discoveries that will be possible in an entrepreneurial environment completely free from statism .
Even today , despite continual government harassment , a hitherto unknown civilization has begun to develop in an increasingly globalized world .
It is a civilization with a degree of complexity for which the power of statism is no match , and once it is totally rid of statism , it will expand without limit .
For the force of creativity in human nature is such that it inevitably sprouts up through even the thinnest cracks in the government 's armor .
As soon as people gain a greater awareness of the fundamentally perverse nature of the state that restricts them , and once they perceive the tremendous opportunities removed daily from their reach when the state blocks the driving force of their entrepreneurial creativity , they will in large numbers join in the social clamor for reform , the dismantling of the state , and the advancement toward a future which remains entirely unknown to us but is bound to raise human civilization to heights unimaginable today .
Political Revolution .
The daily political struggle becomes secondary to that described in a and b above .
It is true that we must always support the least interventionist alternatives , in clear keeping with the efforts of classical liberals to democratically limit the state .
However , the anarchocapitalist does not stop at that ; he knows , and must also do , much more .
He knows that the ultimate goal is the total dismantling of the state , and this fires his entire imagination and fuels all of his political action on a daily basis .
Small advances in the right direction are certainly welcome , but we must never slip into a pragmatism that forsakes the ultimate goal of putting an end to the state .
For purposes of teaching and influencing the general public , we must always pursue this objective in a systematic , transparent manner .
For instance , the anarchocapitalist political agenda will include ever reducing the size and power of states .
Through regional and local decentralization in all areas , libertarian nationalism , the reintroduction of city - states , and secession , the aim will be to block the dictatorship of the majority over the minority and to permit people to increasingly " vote with their feet " rather than with ballots .
In short , the goal is for people to be able to collaborate with each other on a worldwide scale and across borders , to achieve the most varied ends without regard to states ( religious organizations , private clubs , Internet networks , etc. ) .
Moreover , let us remember that political revolutions need not be bloody .
This is especially true when they result from the necessary process of social education and development , as well as from popular clamor and the widespread desire to stop the deception , lies , and coercion that prevent people from fulfilling their aims .
For example , the fall of the Berlin Wall and the Velvet Revolution , which brought an end to socialism in Eastern Europe , were both basically bloodless .
Along the path to this important final result , we must use all of the peaceful
all possible peaceful means and procedures must first have been exhausted ;
the act must be defensive ( a response to concrete acts of violence ) and never aggressive ;
the means used must be proportional ( e.g. , the ideal of independence is not worth the life or liberty of even one human being ) ;
every attempt must be made to avoid claiming innocent victims ;
there must be a reasonable chance of success ( if not , it would be unjustifiable suicide ) .
These are wise principles , to which I would add that participation and financing must be entirely voluntary .
Any act of violence which goes against one of these principles is automatically delegitimized and becomes the worst enemy of the professed objective .
Finally , Father Juan de Mariana 's whole theory of tyrannicide is also relevant here .
Juan de Mariana , De Rege et Regis Institutione ( Toledo : Pedro Rodríguez , 1599 ) and legal means that current political systems permit .
An exciting future is opening up , in which we will continually discover new roads that will lead us , in keeping with fundamental principles , toward the anarchocapitalist ideal .
Though this future may seem distant today , at any moment we may witness giant steps forward which will surprise even the most optimistic .
Who was able to predict five years in advance that in 1989 the Berlin Wall would collapse , and with it communism itself in Eastern Europe ?
History has entered into an accelerated process of change , and although it will never come to a halt , it will begin an entirely new chapter when humanity , for the first time in modern history , manages to rid itself of the state once and for all and reduce it to nothing more than a dark and tragic historical relic .
Comments on the Spanish Anarchist Tradition
The chart shows the different political systems and how they evolve naturally into each other .
They are grouped according to the degree to which they favor statism or antistatism , and support or oppose private property .
We see how the initial ( mistaken and utopian ) revolutionary movement of the classical liberals against the old regime slips into the pragmatism of accepting the state and opens the door to forms of socialist totalitarianism ( communism and fascism / Nazism ) .
The fall of real socialism ushers in social democracy , which today prevails far and wide ( groupthink ) .
The liberal revolution , which owes its failure to error and naïveté on the part of classical liberals , has a still - pending stage , which will consist precisely of the evolution toward anarchocapitalism .
One consequence that followed the failure of the liberal revolution was the appearance of libertarian communism , which was unanimously reviled and combated by supporters of the other political systems ( particularly the most left - leaning ones ) , precisely due to its antistatist nature .
Libertarian communism is also utopian , because its rejection of private property compels the use of systematic ( i.e. , " state " ) violence against it , thus revealing an insuperable logical contradiction and blocking the entrepreneurial social process which drives the only anarchist order scientifically conceivable : that of the capitalist libertarian market .
Spain has a long - established anarchist tradition .
While we must not forget the great crimes committed by its supporters ( in any case qualitatively and quantitatively less serious than those of communists and socialists ) , nor the contradictions in their thinking , it is true that , especially during the Spanish Civil War , anarchism was an experiment which enjoyed great popular support , though it was destined to fail .
Just as with the old liberal revolution , today anarchists have before them their second great opportunity , which lies in overcoming their errors ( the utopian quality of an anarchism which rejects private property ) and accepting the market order as the sole , definitive path toward abolishing the state .
If the Spanish anarchists of the 21st century can internalize these teachings from theory and history , Spain will very likely surprise the world again ( this time for good , and on a large scale ) by leading the theoretical and practical vanguard of the new anarchocapitalist revolution .
Excerpted from Property , Freedom and Society : Essays in Honor of Hans - Hermann Hoppe ; Mises Institute , 2009 , pp. 161–178 , this article was first published in Spanish as " Liberalismo Versus Anarcocapitalismo , " Procesos de Mercado : Revista Europea de Economía Política 4 , no. 2 ( 2007 ) : 13 –32 , and is based on two separate lectures given under the same title , one at the summer university of the Universidad Rey Juan Carlos ( Aranjuez , Friday , July 6 , 2007 ) and the other at the summer university of the Universidad Complutense ( San Lorenzo de El Escorial , Monday , July 16 , 2007 ) .
Famed linguistics professor and left - wing icon Noam Chomsky made remarks recently that gave me pause .
Chomsky , 81 , said he recalls the rise of Hitler in Germany , and recent political developments like the tea party movement bring him back to that frightening time .
“ I have a memory of the texture and the tone of the cheering mobs , and I have the dread sense of the dark clouds of fascism gathering , ” Chomsky said .
He warned left and progressive people that “ [ r ] idiculing the tea party shenanigans is a serious error . ”
I could n’t agree more .
But , on other things , I could n’t agree less .
Chomsky was off - base in implying the tea party is a working - class phenomenon .
It ’s true that , as he said , there is a “ class ” resentment among the tea party movement , and the context is the devastating economic crisis and wealth gap that exists in the United States .
Undoubtedly there are working - class people among the tea partiers .
But the working class does not make up the majority of this movement .
Nor does this movement represent working - class interests .
In a recent poll , it was wealthier and more educated Americans , more than others , who identify with the tea party anti-government , anti-Obama rhetoric .
The U.S. working class is a multi-racial , multi-lingual , multi-ethnic , multi-generational , multi-sex class .
In my opinion , the broadly - defined view of working class is anyone who has to work for a living .
The mono-racial ( virtually all white ) tea party movement represents corporate and wealthy America ’s “ anti- government ” interests , like no taxes on capital gains , or no regulations on pollution , etc .
To suggest that this movement is an expression of working class resentment distorts who makes up the social base of fascism .
Fascism springs from the ruling elite , which through their extensive media apparatus , etc. , attempts to influence the great majority of working people .
And it ’s the use of racism , in the first place , along with anti-Semitism , immigrant - bashing , homophobia and anti-woman and anti-union attacks , along with anti-government , quasi-religious demagogy , that is the ideological backbone of a fascist movement in America .
At a time of mass unemployment , they use racism and anti-immigrant rhetoric to let corporate America off the hook .
Chomsky argued that in the “ popular ” mind President Obama , the nation ’s first Black president , is associated with the banking industry and Wall Street .
He claimed the administration is ineffective and could be on the verge of collapse , like the Weimar Republic that preceded the Nazi takeover of Germany .
But , first of all , it was not the Weimar Republic that put Hitler in power .
Hitler came to power with a nod and wink from the highest levels of German capital .
Fascism – as a system – comes out of the most reactionary sectors of capital .
In our country , energy and oil , finance and military capital lead the way and the Republicans are their political party of choice .
The most reactionary sector , when most threatened , will consider a suspension of democratic rights , and implementation of a terror - based system of government – with no rights for unions , women , racial / national / religious / sexual minorities , etc .
Chomsky ignores the substantial measures the Obama administration is trying to take to rein in the banks and curb their power , and the bitter opposition campaign being waged by the Republicans and Wall Street .
Republicans have shut down the government , invited in corporate lobbyists to actually write bills and now have turned into the “ Party of No ” in blocking any reforms .
By ignoring this reality , Chomsky weakens the fighting ability of the democratic movement .
After all , if Obama is like the Republicans , and only represents Wall Street , why bother fighting side by side with the administration ?
While many of Obama ’s reform efforts , like the health care law , are not nearly as radical as many of us on the left would advocate , they do represent a step forward , crucial for mobilizing and unifying the class and social forces necessary to prevent any fascist takeover .
There was another speech given recently on anger in America .
This one was by Richard Trumka , president of the AFL - CIO and former mineworker , at Harvard University .
I thought his speech sought to unify the class , to clarify who is to blame for the economic crisis , and to mobilize , alongside , not against , Obama in order to win reforms that can improve the lives of all people , as well as lay the basis for a more progressive political atmosphere .
Trumka said reactionary forces use divisive “ racist and homophobic hate ” to channel “ justifiable anger ” about the wealth gap towards President Obama and “ heroes like Congressman John Lewis ” and “ to divide working people . ”
He called on the “ progressive tradition ” of working people in action “ organizing unions and organizing to elect public officials committed to bold action to address economic suffering . ”
It is that kind of rousing vision of unity and action that can block any move towards fascism .
HELENA , Mont . —
Once feared extinct , the giant Palouse earthworm , reputed to grow up to three feet long and smell like lilies , has been found alive .
It turns out though , experts say , the worm is not a giant , nor does it have a lilylike scent .
Researchers thought the worm , translucent with the pink head and last seen in the 1980s , might be extinct because its habitat , the Palouse prairie region of Idaho and Washington , is almost gone .
On March 27 , however , Karl Umiker , a University of Idaho research support scientist , working with Shan Xu , a graduate student from Chengdu , China , discovered two giant Palouse earthworms , a juvenile and an adult , on a small patch of native prairie near Moscow , Idaho .
As it turns out , the worms are bigger than night crawlers but not giant .
The two specimens , the adult of which had to be killed and dissected to determine whether it was indeed a giant Palouse earthworm , were about seven inches long when they came from the ground .
“ But when we stretched it out and relaxed it , the adult earthworm got bigger , ” said Jodi Johnson - Maynard an associate professor of soil and water management and Mr. Umiker ’s supervisor .
“ It ’s between 9 and 10 inches . ”
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
LONDON --
The Conservatives and Labour jockeyed for the support of Britain 's smaller parties Friday after a close - fought election that , for the first time in almost four decades , produced no outright winner and left jittery financial markets clamoring for a quick resolution .
As the Conservative Party , which won the largest number of seats , demanded the chance to govern , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg dented Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's hopes of staying in power by calling on the Tories to try to form a government , without indicating whether his centrist party would be willing to join a coalition .
But obstacles remained in the way of the Tories .
As sitting prime minister , Brown would traditionally be given the first chance to put together a government .
His left - of - center Labour Party is seen as a more natural coalition fit with the Liberal Democrats , the third - place party now thrust into the role of potential kingmaker .
But Clegg said the party that had gained the most seats and the most votes -- the Conservatives -- should have " the first right to seek to govern . "
" I think it is now for the Conservative Party to prove that it is capable of seeking to govern in the national interest , " he said .
Despite winning the largest number of House of Commons seats in Thursday 's election , David Cameron 's Conservatives fell short of a majority that only a few months ago was considered inevitable .
Labour was on track to lose nearly 90 seats in Parliament but still could govern with the help of the Liberal Democrats .
Clegg 's party surprisingly failed to capitalize on his stellar TV debate performances , but still could hold the keys to Downing St. for one of the other parties .
His support is sure to be contingent on a promise of electoral reform , the Lib Dems ' main demand .
That may be an insuperable sticking point for the Conservatives .
Many of the party 's old guard distrust the Liberal Democrats ' pro-European leanings and fiercely oppose its call for proportional representation , which would make it hard for any single party to hold power alone -- effectively shutting out the Conservatives indefinitely .
" The Tories would fight it ( electoral reform ) tooth and nail , " said Bill Jones , professor of politics at Liverpool Hope University .
" It 's like asking a turkey to vote for Christmas . "
Labour is much more amenable to demands for electoral reform , but even a deal with the Liberal Democrats would leave them a few seats short of a majority , meaning they would have to turn to Scottish and Welsh nationalists for further support .
Scottish national party leader Alex Salmond , whose party won six seats , said he had already been invited to talks with Brown .
" Fate seems to have dealt us a mighty hand between ourselves and ( Welsh nationalists ) Plaid Cymru , " Salmond told the BBC .
With 633 of the 650 seats counted , the Conservatives had secured 299 seats , Labour 253 , the Liberal Democrats 54 and smaller parties , 27 seats .
At least 326 of the House of Commons ' 650 seats are needed to form a government with a majority .
" The country has spoken -- but we do n't know what they 've said , " former Liberal Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown said , summing up confusion .
Days , and possibly weeks , of political horse - trading could lie ahead -- a prospect that gave the financial markets jitters .
As the pound and the FTSE - 100 index fell sharply , pressure mounted for a quick solution .
" A decision would have to be made very quickly , " said Victoria Honeyman , a lecturer in politics at the University of Leeds ,
She predicted that some sort of statement would have to be made before Monday when the markets reopen .
" There 's a limit to how long can that this go on , " she said .
" The pound will start to crash . "
Talks were expected to begin between political players Friday , aided by civil service guidelines detailing how the process should unfold .
Although Britain has no written constitution , senior civil servants have been preparing furiously to lay out the rules and avoid market - rattling uncertainty in the event of a so - called hung parliament , a result in which no party secures a majority .
The last time a British election produced such a result was in 1974 .
A period of political wrangling and confusion in one of the world 's largest economies could unsettle global markets already reeling from the Greek debt crisis and fears of wider debt contagion in Europe .
Britain 's budget deficit is set to eclipse even that of Greece next year , and whoever winds up in power faces the daunting challenge of introducing big government spending cuts to slash the country 's huge deficit .
In London , bond trading started in the middle of the night -- six hours earlier than normal -- as traders tried to make sense of the election results .
Britain 's main stock index and the pound fell Friday as investors reacted to the inconclusive result against a backdrop of global market turbulence .
In the first minute of trading , the FTSE 100 share index was down 1.3 percent at 5,193 before rallying slightly above 5,200 .
The British pound traded as low as $ 1.46589 by early afternoon , down from $ 1.51 less than 24 hours earlier .
The Conservatives insisted they had been given a mandate by the electorate .
Cameron said voters had rejected Brown and his Labour Party .
" Our country wants change .
That change is going to require new leadership , " Cameron said Friday .
Cameron planned to make a statement at 2:30 p.m. ( 1330 GMT , 9:30 a.m. EDT ) , which his party said would outline his plan for " strong and stable " government .
Brown also vowed to " play my part in Britain having a strong , stable " government and indicated he would seek an alliance with the Liberal Democrats , pledging action on election reform -- a key demand of his would - be partners .
Turnout for the election -- the closest - fought in a generation -- was 65.2 percent , higher than the 61 percent seen in Britain 's 2005 election .
Some polling stations around the country were overwhelmed by those interested in casting ballots , and hundreds of people were blocked from voting due to problems with Britain 's old - fashioned paper ballot system .
Anger flared when voters in London , Sheffield , Newcastle and elsewhere complained that they had been blocked from voting as stations closed -- and the head of Britain 's Electoral Commission said some legal challenges to results because of blocked votes were likely .
Electoral Commission chief Jenny Watson acknowledged that Britain 's paper voting system had been unable to cope with a surge of voters .
Former British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith was the biggest Labour lawmaker to lose her seat after being caught attempting to bill the public for porn movies watched by her husband .
But Labour won the northern England seat of Rochdale -- where Brown made the biggest gaffe of the campaign , caught on an open microphone referring to an elderly voter as a " bigoted woman " after she buttonholed him on immigration .
Brown later visited her home to apologize .
In the southern England resort town of Brighton , Britain 's first - ever Green Party lawmaker , Caroline Lucas , was elected .
The Conservatives were ousted by Labour under Tony Blair in 1997 after 18 years in power .
Three leaders and three successive election defeats later , the party selected Cameron , a fresh - faced , bicycle - riding graduate of Eton and Oxford who promised to modernize its fusty , right - wing image .
Under Brown , who took over from Blair three years ago , Britain 's once high - flying economy , rooted in world - leading financial services , has run into hard times .
In addition , at least 1.3 million people have been laid off and tens of thousands have lost their homes in a crushing recession .
Watching Lost tonight with some friends .
I ’m sure I ’ll be inspired to draw some Losties afterward .
I ’ll post them up on the Facebook page .
One man ’s struggle to reverse his severe heart disease .... with diet .
Charles , 45 , devoted husband and father of two , is shocked to learn not only that he has cardiovascular disease but that the blockages in his heart are so severe that his surgeon refuses to operate .
But Charles is a fighter and he ’ll do whatever it takes to be around to see his kids grow up .
Just like Charles , millions of Americans are sick and they ’re tired of the pills and operations .
What if you could avoid it all , but nobody ’s willing to tell you how ?
Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn of the Cleveland Clinic is trampling the status quo to get the word out .
He ’s the director of one of the longest - running studies in the peer - reviewed scientific literature showing that a plant - based diet can reverse even late stage heart disease .
If heart disease , the number one killer in America , can be stopped and often reversed with diet , why are n't people like Charles routinely given this information before being sent to the operating room ?
- Synopsis of " Chow Down : Eat Like Your Life Depends On It ?-
If you received this via email click here to go to the web version with all the links .
Last Monday
Ann Esselstyn lent me a copy of Chow Down : Eat Like Your Life Depends On It --a Julia Grayer / Gage Johnston documentary that was 4 years in the making !
Click here for the film 's website .
I finally had a chance to watch it with my husband last night , and ...
Our verdict ?
We both loved it !
Nothing dull or dry about this documentary .
It 's lighthearted , clever , controversial , with cool animation to help explain the technical stuff -- and it tells the truth .
So go out & find yourself a copy !
Bottom Line : Over 130 million Americans have a chronic illness -- and 70 % of deaths are caused by those chronic illnesses .
Type 2 Diabetes and heart disease can be prevented or reversed -- and 60 % of all cancers can be prevented -- just by putting to use the knowledge we already have .
The answer is n't in pills and procedures -- it 's in eating a well - planned plant - based diet .
But it takes time , preparation , a shift in your food taste preferences , and above all - - motivation and support from family , friends , and a healthcare professional .
And that 's certainly been true for me .
How Did We Get Into This Mess ?
Why Is n't This Information Front Page News ?
Just follow the money .
The food and drug industries are not looking out for our health .
And our government & medical " industries " have their own vested interests in the status quo .
There 's profit in cheap sweet fatty salty unhealthy food .
There 's profit in pharmaceuticals and medical procedures .
And who knew the U.S. Department of Agriculture was more of a lobbying agency for farmers than a guardian of our health .
They 're the folks who advise us about what to eat with their Food Pyramid -- and provide food for school lunches .
It 's like the fox guarding the hen house .
The meat & dairy industries -- the big players -- get 74 % of our agricultural subsidies .
Less than 1 /2 of 1 percent goes to fruit & vegetable farmers .
Hmm .
According to Dr. Neal Barnard , the generic ads we see for beef and milk are funded from government programs .
The federal government at one time even worked with Wendy's to help create the Cheddar Lover 's Beef Burger to sell more cheese -- and the same with Subway .
Can You Really Change Your Health By Changing Your Diet ?
Yes , You Can .
Charles Venezia : a young father , who was a meat - lover , a vegetable - hater , a hypertensive since age 16 , with multiple coronary blockages so severe his surgeon refused to operate .
His choices : disability , death , or a diet change .
He chose a diet change -- with support from Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn .
Before :
Blood Pressure : 250/155
Weight : 360 lbs .
Cholesterol : 220
After :
Blood Pressure : 120/80
Weight : not mentioned but he looks fantastic -- and healthy !
Cholesterol : 140
He 's had no coronary events and he leads a full active life .
Charles is 100 % committed to eating plant - based , and he 's fortunate to have a highly motivated wife who is willing to spend the time it takes to shop and prepare plant - based fare .
But it was n't easy for Charles , the son of a butcher .
For him this change was a complete paradigm shift -- he still misses his meat and he misses restaurant eating , " It 's not fun .
It does n't taste all that great .
But I 'm not going to have a heart attack . "
He also follows up regularly with Dr. Esselstyn .
Even Charles ' young children are following the program - - eating 75 - 80 % healthy plant - based fare .
My comment to Charles : Come on over to my house & eat .
Our meals are 100 % tastier & more interesting than anything I used to make that involved beef or chicken !
Charles and John Oehrle are just two of hundreds of patients seen by Dr. Esselstyn who have stopped or reversed their heart disease , arrested their diabetes , returned to normal weight , lowered their blood pressure , and regained their health by switching to a plant - based ( no meat or dairy ) diet of :
Whole grains
Beans & legumes
Vegetables
Fruits
No added oils
Cardiac Procedures & Statins Don't Cure Disease
Esselstyn is fond of saying :
" The Elelphant in the room is that procedures really do n't prolong life .
Stents , bypasses , dialysis -- none of it works . "
The 17 patients of Esselstyn's who have stayed on a plant - based diet have had zero cardiac events .
Before they started with him -- while they were under the care of expert cardiologists -- they had a total of 49 cardiac events .
John Oehrle 's Philadelphia surgeon told him : Procedures are just a temporary patch job .
These procedures do nothing to cure the diseases .
When we do these operations we put a band - aid on these people .
It does n't treat the disease .
They have to do that for themselves .
Taking statins and not changing your diet does not " cure cardiovascular disease " -- and almost 1 / 2 of men who have a heart attack before age 65 are dead within 8 years .
Think this does n't apply to you because you do n't have diagnosed heart disease ?
Big coronary blockages only cause 12 % of the heart attacks .
Most of the time it 's the little arterial plaques that cause 88 % of blockages - - 3 small blockages are a ticking time bomb -- and you wo n't even know it !
Your coronary artery has to be 70 % occluded to have symptoms , like angina .
If your arteries are even 10 - 69 % blocked , and you 're inflaming them with what you eat , you 're at risk .
It 's all about inflammation - Calm down the inflammation & you 'll keep those atherosclerotic plaques safely stuck to your artery walls .
Bottom Line : Operations do n't cure everything .
You have to do that yourself with serious diet & lifestyle changes .
Dr. Hans Diehl on the Benefits of Diet : " As we treat heart disease with diet we also help to prevent strokes , fragility , dementia , blood pressure , and the common cancers like breast and prostate .
It 's probably one common disease that expresses itself in different ways . "
What Keeps Us From Making Drastic Diet & Lifestyle Changes ?
No Serious Support from the Health Care Community .
Many doctors assume people are n't willing to make the necessary drastic diet changes -- so they do n't offer the option .
Charles Venezia was told only to lower his salt intake .
John Oehrle was told to go on a Mediterranean diet -- that was no help -- and he did n't do it .
It takes a lot of support to make these changes .
Many doctors assume people are n't willing to make the necessary drastic diet changes -- so they do n't offer the option .
Charles Venezia was told only to lower his salt intake .
John Oehrle was told to go on a Mediterranean diet -- that was no help -- and he did n't do it .
It takes a lot of support to make these changes .
People love their fat , salt , and sugary food .
What are our favorite foods ?
Philly cheese steaks , bacon , General Tso's Chicken , barbeque , burgers , K.F.C. , pizza .....
What are our favorite foods ?
Philly cheese steaks , bacon , General Tso's Chicken , barbeque , burgers , K.F.C. , pizza .....
Lack of support from Family & Friends .
Garnet Hall -- who participated in the documentary , hoping to stop her type 2 diabetes was n't able to stick to the diet .
Her friends & family were enthusiastic at first -- but that quickly stopped .
She had to do it all by herself -- as well as cook meat , cheese , & barbeque for her husband , kids , and when entertaining friends .
She just could n't do it all -- and was faced with temptation at every turn .
Garnet Hall - - who participated in the documentary , hoping to stop her type 2 diabetes was n't able to stick to the diet .
Her friends & family were enthusiastic at first -- but that quickly stopped .
She had to do it all by herself -- as well as cook meat , cheese , & barbeque for her husband , kids , and when entertaining friends .
She just could n't do it all -- and was faced with temptation at every turn .
Some People Care More About Food Than Their Health .
" I do n't want of live longer if I can't eat what I want to eat ! "
" I do n't want of live longer if I can't eat what I want to eat ! "
Many mistakenly think it 's all genetic and out - of - their control .
Wrong .
From Dr. David Katz of Yale -- nutrition controls the expression of genes .
From Dr. Hans Diehl -- Genetics loads the gun , but lifestyle pulls the trigger .
Click here for a great animated video explaining how a heart attack happens -- or if you do n't see the Chow Down trailer on your screen .
To read more about Dr. Esselstyn , and a heart - healthy diet :
Yes , You Can Prevent & Reverse Heart Disease - But Are You Up for the Challenge ?
Let Dr. Esselstyn Convince You !
The Huffington Post Interviews Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn about Heart Disease : What Causes It , How to Prevent It , and How to Reverse It With a Plant - Based Diet
Some Q & A From The Esselstyn Father & Son Team : The Plant Strong Fireman & The Plant Perfect Doctor
I just got interesting email from Amazon : the Colorado government recently enacted a law to impose sales tax regulations on online retailers [… ]
We and many others strongly opposed this legislation , known as HB 10 - 1193 , but it was enacted anyway .
Regrettably , as a result of the new law , we have decided to stop advertising through Associates based in Colorado .
We plan to continue to sell to Colorado residents , however , and will advertise through other channels , including through Associates based in other states .
The message goes on to say that they ’ll pay out all the money they owe me but I wo n’t earn any more money for referring people to them .
Interesting !
So let me get this straight : I ’ve done nothing , and Amazon just fired me ?
Now , I have n’t used referrals a whole lot so it does n’t hit me in the pocketbook but this should send chills down the spine of anyone who thought they were building a business , or at least an income , around Amazon services .
It ’s one thing to be fired for something you did ( hey doofus , do n’t cause a heap of MPAA infringement notices to land on Amazon ’s desk because you were running the new Pirate Bay on EC2 ) but it ’s entirely another to be fired for something outside your control .
A farmer friend told me that the goats to keep are female goats : when one doe headbutts another , the recipient then turns to the next in the hierarchy and headbutts them .
With male goats , though , you get prolonged headbutt battles that are loud , intimidating , and potentially damaging .
Amazon is obviously hoping the female goat scenario plays out : Amazon headbutts me , so I ’ll go headbutt my representative — punish Amazon ’s associates and hope they ’ll pass the pain on .
I wonder whether any of Amazon ’s ( former ) Colorado associates will turn out to be male goats who , grumpy at being set upon , retaliate … .
The full text of the letter follows , and there ’s Tech Flash covered the new law .
( NaturalNews ) Scientists from the California Institute of Technology ( CIT ) have developed a new solar cell technology that they say absorbs up to 96 percent of " incident " light .
Experimental tests revealed that the new cells operate at around a 90 percent quantum efficiency rate .
Because they are made of plastic , they could significantly reduce the overall cost of photovoltaic cells as well .
Solar cells have long been a favorite of people trying to reduce or eliminate their energy bills .
Many businesses have incorporated the technology as well because it is clean , renewable , and helps to reduce costs .
Yet throughout its history , the relatively expensive up - front costs of obtaining photovoltaic cells has deterred many from investing in the technology .
Researchers hope that their breakthrough new technology will change that .
The new cells consist of tiny silicon wires that measure a mere 1 micron in diameter .
These wires are embedded into plastic plates where they convert light into electricity at an exceptional rate of efficiency .
Any light that is leftover bounces around inside the wire matrix until it finds another wire that can absorb it .
When all is said and done , nearly all the light is captured and converted into electricity .
The beauty of the new cell technology is that only two percent of the cell is composed of semiconductors , which are the most expensive component .
The other 98 percent is made from inexpensive plastic , which translates into significantly lower prices for consumers as opposed to former solar cell technologies .
Though roughly the same thickness as conventional solar cells , the new cells contain far less silicon .
The team is currently working on expanding the voltage capacity and size of the cells in order to manufacture large , flexible sheets that can be manufactured inexpensively using " roll - to - roll " fabrication equipment .
The team has yet to release any side - by - side comparisons of the new cells versus the old cells , but as the technology is refined , researchers will likely conduct the necessary experiments to gain this data and make it available to the public .
Solar technology has been gaining popularity for years , especially as advancements have made adopting the technology more affordable .
Solar energy generation is quickly becoming a viable , mainstream way of generating energy and helping people to eliminate their energy bills and live " off the grid " .
Some people have even been able to generate so much energy that they sell the extra back to their local energy companies .
Sources for this story include :
No time is wasted .
The bullet train is moving all the time .
If there are 30 stations between Beijing and Guangzhou , just stopping and accelerating again at each station will waste both energy and time .
A mere 5 min stop per station ( elderly passengers cannot be hurried ) will result in a total loss of 5 min x 30 stations or 2.5 hours of train journey time !
An eight - year - old girl was raped by two 10 - year - old boys while out playing with her younger sister near their west London home , the Old Bailey has heard .
The girl , who was allegedly raped in a field , later told her mother what had happened and was taken to hospital complaining of stomach pains .
The boys , now aged 10 and 11 , each deny two charges of rape and two charges of attempted rape of a child under 13 .
The offences are alleged to have happened in October 2009 .
The jury was told that the court 's sitting hours had been shortened and other steps would be taken because the defendants were so young .
The judge , Mr Justice Saunders , sat where the court clerk normally sits to be on the same level as the boys .
This case concerns rape by two boys still at primary school of a girl even younger than them
Rosina Cottage , prosecuting Rosina Cottage , prosecuting , told the court the mother went looking for the girl after her younger sister , who she had been playing with , returned home without her .
Miss Cottage told the court : " This case concerns rape by two boys still at primary school of a girl even younger than them .
" Together they took her to different locations near where they lived in order to find a sufficiently secluded spot to assault her .
" The events leading to the alleged rapes all took place in and around a block of flats and they ended in a field . "
Miss Cottage that said when the victim's mother and younger sister went to fetch her they came across the mother of the younger defendant and a five - year - old playmate .
When the woman asked where her son was the playmate " said that he was in a nearby field and that he was with ( the girl ) and that he was hurting her " , said Miss Cottage .
AT THE SCENE Andy McFarlane , BBC News , The Old Bailey Thousands of cases have passed through the historic precincts of London 's Central Criminal Court , but it has seen few like this .
Under the high ceiling of courtroom number seven , the two defendants look tiny .
Mr Justice Saunders has dispensed with wig and gown - ordering the barristers to do the same to make the experience less intimidating for the youngsters involved .
Dressed in a suit , he does not look down from his bench , instead sitting at a less imposing height in the seat usually occupied by the court clerk .
Opposite , the two children accused of such grave offences are not locked in the dock but sit in the back row of the court , alongside their solicitors - and their mothers .
Acknowledging the case 's " unique difficulties " , the judge even changed the court hours to mirror a primary school day , with 40 - minute sessions and frequent breaks .
He pointed over to the field and the women went to find the children .
When she found her daughter , the mother " could see things were not right with her " , Miss Cottage said .
She told the court the mother later asked the girl what was wrong and the girl told her mother that the boys had taken her to the block of flats where they had moved the bins in a bin shed so she could not get out .
Later she was allowed to come out and taken to a field where the assault took place even though the girl told them " to leave her alone " .
Miss Cottage said the girl 's mother spotted the older boy and asked what happened but he replied " nothing " .
The younger boy then joined them but before he could be asked about the incident he is alleged to have said : " I did n't touch her . "
The court was told the older boy then added : " It was n't me .
It was ( the other boy ) . "
The girl was taken to hospital because she was complaining of pains in her stomach , the court heard .
She gave evidence via videolink from another room of the court and told how she was taken to the bin shed before being taken to the field .
In a second video interview , the girl said one of the boys had thrown her scooter into a bush and told her she would not get it back unless she did what they said .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getting justice for your injury is an important step in the healing process .
If you have been injured or lost a family member to a wrongful death , you may want answers as well as compensation .
Finding answers is part of my job as a Palos Heights injury lawyer .
As your attorney , I will work hard to help you and your family recover .
My name is George Jasinski .
For more than 35 years , I have fought for the rights of the injured .
I can help you with personal injury , wrongful death and workers ' compensation claims .
For a free consultation , please call 708-448-3100 or contact my personal injury law firm online .
Personal Injury Representation in the Chicago Area
My work in and out of the courtroom has earned referrals from clients , attorneys and even opposing counsel .
I strive to thoroughly prepare cases to increase the likelihood that they may settle before going to trial and to be fully prepared when negotiations fail .
If we do go to trial , however , you can count on me for vigorous representation .
I promise to treat you and your family with respect and compassion .
My opinions will be honest and forthright , based upon my many years of experience .
Rest assured , when you are faced with the decision of settling your case or going to trial , you will have a full understanding of your rights and options .
Recent Verdicts , Awards & Settlements
US soldier in WikiLeaks massacre video : “ I relive this every day ”
By Bill Van Auken
28 April 2010
Iraq war veteran Ethan McCord , who is seen running with an Iraqi child in his arms in the video posted by WikiLeaks of a July 2007 massacre of civilians in Baghdad , talked to the World Socialist Web Site about the impact of this and similar experiences in Iraq .
The video , which records the shocking deaths of at least 12 individuals , including two Iraqi journalists employed by Reuters , has been viewed more than 6 million times on the Internet .
Ethan McCord
McCord , together with another former member of the company , Josh Stieber , have addressed an open “ Letter of Reconciliation ” to the Iraqi people taking responsibility for their role in this incident and other acts of violence .
Both soldiers deployed to Iraq in 2007 and left the Army last year .
In the letter , McCord and Stieber said , “ …we acknowledge our part in the deaths and injuries of your loved ones . ”
They insisted that “ the acts depicted in this video are everyday occurrences of this war : this is the nature of how US - led wars are carried out in this region . ”
The night before speaking to the WSWS , Ethan McCord had learned that the widow of one of the dozen men killed — the father of the two children he tried to rescue — had forgiven him and Stieber for their role in the incident .
Ahlam Abdelhussein Tuman , 33 , told the Times of London : “ I can accept their apology , because they saved my children and if it were not for them , maybe my two little children would be dead . ”
Her husband , Saleh Mutashar Tuman , had arrived on the scene of the carnage caused by a US Apache helicopter firing into a crowd and attempted to aid the wounded .
The helicopter opened fire again , killing him and at least one wounded man and wounding his two children , who were sitting in his van .
The widow urged the two former soldiers to continue to speak out .
“ I would like the American people and the whole world to understand what happened here in Iraq .
We lost our country and our lives were destroyed . ”
Can you explain why you and Josh Stieber wrote the “ Letter of Reconciliation ” to the Iraqi people ?
We originally wanted it to go to the family members of those involved that day in the WikiLeaks video .
Then in turn we wanted it to be more along the lines of to all Iraqi people as well .
We wanted the Iraqi people to know that not everybody sees them as being dehumanized and that there are plenty of Americans and other people who care for them as human beings and wish for them to live long and happy lives and do n’t agree with the war and the policies behind it .
I just found out last night that the letter was shown to the family , the children and the mother as well .
She has forgiven myself and Josh and is very happy to see the work that Josh and I are doing .
There was a London Times reporter who went there to see what they felt about the letter .
And there is one comment from the mother that she could forgive me because if it was n’t for me her children might be dead .
That must make you feel pretty good .
Definitely , but it does n’t stop there for me or for Josh .
We are definitely going to continue speaking out on this and do everything we can to have our voices heard about the policies , the rules of engagement and the war .
As well , we are hoping to set up a trust fund for the children , as we know that they ’ve had a pretty rough life afterward due to the injuries and whatnot .
Hopefully , it will get them some medical care .
Could you describe the events of that day and what your platoon was doing ?
It was much like many of the days in Iraq .
The neighborhood we were in was pretty volatile ; at least it was on the rise , with IED emplacements and with our platoons being shot at with RPGs and sniper fire .
We did n’t know who was attacking us .
It was never actually really clear , at least in my eyes , who the supposed “ enemy ” was .
We were conducting what were called knock - and - searches , where we would knock on the doors of the homes and search for documents pertaining to militias or any weapons they were n’t supposed to have or any bomb - making materials .
We did n’t really find anything at all .
We were getting ready to wrap up at about one o’clock in the afternoon .
We started to funnel into an alleyway and started to take small arms fire from rooftops from AK - 47s .
We did n’t know what was happening with the Apache helicopters .
They were attached to us from another unit to watch over us for this mission , which was called “ Ranger Dominance . ”
We could hear them open fire , but those of us who were on the ground , outside of the vehicles , had no idea what was taking place .
We could n’t hear the radio chatter and we were pretty caught up in our own situation .
When that situation was neutralized , we were told to walk up onto the scene .
I was one of about six soldiers who were dismounted to first arrive on the scene .
What did you see when you got there ?
It was pretty much absolute carnage .
I had never seen anybody shot by a 30 - millimeter round before , and frankly do n’t ever want to see that again .
It almost seemed unreal , like something out of a bad B - horror movie .
When these rounds hit you they kind of explode — people with their heads half - off , their insides hanging out of their bodies , limbs missing .
I did see two RPGs on the scene as well as a few AK - 47s .
But then I heard the cries of a child .
They were n’t necessarily cries of agony , but more like the cries of a small child who was scared out of her mind .
So I ran up to the van where the cries were coming from .
You can actually see in the scenes from the video where another soldier and I come up to the driver and the passenger sides of the van .
The soldier I was with , as soon as he saw the children , turned around , started vomiting and ran .
He did n’t want any part of that scene with the children anymore .
What I saw when I looked inside the van was a small girl , about three or four years old .
She had a belly wound and glass in her hair and eyes .
Next to her was a boy about seven or eight years old who had a wound to the right side of the head .
He was laying half on the floorboard and half on the bench .
I presumed he was dead ; he was n’t moving .
Next to him was who I presumed was the father .
He was hunched over sideways , almost in a protective way , trying to protect his children .
And you could tell that he had taken a 30 - millimeter round to the chest .
I pretty much knew that he was deceased .
I grabbed the little girl and yelled for a medic .
Me and the medic ran into the houses behind where the van crashed to check whether there were any other wounds .
I was trying to take as much glass out of her eyes as I could .
We dressed the wound and then the medic ran the girl to the Bradley .
You can hear in the video where he says , “ there ’s nothing else I can do here ; we need to evacuate the child . ”
I then went back outside and went to the van .
I do n’t know why .
I thought both of them were dead , but something told me to go back .
That ’s when I saw the boy move with what appeared to be a labored breath .
So I stated screaming , “ The boy ’s alive . ” I grabbed him and cradled him in my arms and kept telling him , “ Do n’t die , do n’t die . ”
He opened his eyes , looked up at me .
I told him , “ It ’s OK , I have you . ”
His eyes rolled back into his head , and I kept telling him , “ It ’s OK , I ’ve got you . ” I ran up to the Bradley and placed him inside .
My platoon leader was standing there at the time , and he yelled at me for doing what I did .
He told me to “ stop worrying about these motherfucking kids and start worrying about pulling security . ”
So after that I went up and pulled security on a rooftop .
Did you face further repercussions for what you did that day ?
After coming back to the FOB [ forward operating base ] , nobody really talked about what had happened that day .
Everybody went to their rooms ; they were tired .
Some of them went to make phone calls .
And I was in my room because I had to clean the blood off of my IBA [ body armor ] and my uniform — the blood from these children .
And I was having a flood of emotions and having a real hard time dealing with having seen children this way , as I ’m sure most caring human beings would .
So I went to see a staff sergeant who was in my chain of command and told him I needed to see mental health about what was going on in my head .
He told me to “ quit being a pussy ” and to “ suck it up and be a soldier . ”
He told me that if I wanted to go to mental health , there would be repercussions , one of them being labeled a “ malingerer , ” which is actually a crime in the US Army .
For fear of that happening to me , I in turn went back to my room and tried to bottle up as much emotion as I could and pretty much just suck it up and drive on .
You had another nine months or more still to go in your tour then ?
That ’s right .
It was a pretty long time with having to deal with the emotions , not only of that , but of many other days .
What happened then was not an isolated incident .
Stuff like that happens on a daily basis in Iraq .
Are there other incidents that took place in the following months of your tour that bear this out ?
Yes .
Our rules of engagement were changing on an almost daily basis .
But we had a pretty gung - ho commander , who decided that because we were getting hit by IEDs a lot , there would be a new battalion SOP [ standard operating procedure ] .
He goes , “ If someone in your line gets hit with an IED , 360 rotational fire .
You kill every motherfucker on the street . ”
Myself and Josh and a lot of other soldiers were just sitting there looking at each other like , “ Are you kidding me ?
You want us to kill women and children on the street ? ”
And you could n’t just disobey orders to shoot , because they could just make your life hell in Iraq .
So like with myself , I would shoot up into the roof of a building instead of down on the ground toward civilians .
But I ’ve seen it many times , where people are just walking down the street and an IED goes off and the troops open fire and kill them .
During this period were you conscious that you were suffering from post - traumatic stress ?
Yes I knew , because I would be angry at everyone and everything and at myself even more .
I would watch movies and listen to music as much as possible just to escape reality .
I did n’t really talk to many people .
The other problem I had is that before the incident shown in the WikiLeaks video , I was the gung - ho soldier .
I thought I was going over there to do the greater good .
I thought my job over there was to protect the Iraqi people and that this was a job with honor and courage and duty .
I was hit by an IED within two weeks of my being in Iraq .
And I did n’t understand why people were throwing rocks at us , why I was being shot at and why we ’re being blown up , when I have it in my head that I was here to help these people .
But the first real serious doubt , where I could no longer justify to myself being in Iraq or serving in the Army , was on that day in July 2007 .
How did you come to join the military ?
I had always wanted to be in the military , even as a child .
My grandfather and my uncles were military .
Then September 11 happened , and I decided it was my duty as an American to join the military , so that ’s what I did in 2002 .
I joined the Navy .
In 2005 , when the Army had what they called “ Operation Blue to Green , ” pulling sailors and airmen into the Army with bigger bonuses , I made a lateral transfer .
I had pretty much had it in my head that I was going to make a career out of the military .
But going to Iraq and dealing with the Army completely changed my outlook .
What was your reaction when you saw the WikiLeaks video ?
Shock .
I had dropped my children off at school one morning , came home and turned on MSNBC , and there I am running across the screen carrying a child .
I knew immediately it was me .
I know the scene .
It is burned into my head .
I relive it almost every day .
It was just a shock that it was up there , and it angered me .
I was angry because it was in my face again .
I had actually started to get a little bit better before the tape was released .
I was n’t thinking about it as often ; it was getting a little bit easier to go to sleep .
But then everything that I had buried and pushed away came bubbling back to the surface .
And the nightmares began again , the anger , the feeling of being used .
It all came back .
It was n’t a good feeling ; it was like a huge slap in the face .
Do you think that the way you were told to forget about the kids and suck it up is indicative of the general culture in the military ?
Yes , there is such a stigma placed on soldiers seeking mental health .
It ’s like you ’re showing a huge sign of weakness for needing to speak about things or for seeking help even for getting to sleep .
There ’s fear of being chastised or being made fun of .
So you end up self - medicating on alcohol .
And as you probably know , alcohol is a depressant and just makes it worse .
I was self - medicating when I came home , and I was hospitalized in a mental institute by the Army because of my problems with PTSD and self - medication .
There were many times when I felt that I could no longer take what was going on in my head and the best thing for me to do would be to put a bullet in my head .
But each time I thought about that , I would look at the pictures of my children and think back on that day and how the father of those children was taken away and how horrible it must be for them .
And if I were to do that , I would be putting my children in the same position .
Do you think that the pressure to bury these problems is driven by a fear that if you are allowed to question your own experiences , it can call into question the nature of the war itself ?
I was not able to talk about it , not able to get answers to like how I was feeling about this , why were we doing this , what are we doing here ?
It was just straight up , “ You ’re going to do this , and you ’re going to shut up about it . ”
Soldiers are n’t mindless drones .
They have feelings .
They have emotions .
You ca n’t just make them go out and do something without telling them , this is why we ’re doing it .
And the pressure just builds up .
You hear in the video the Apache helicopter crew saying some things that are pretty heart - wrenching and cold .
I ’m guilty of it too .
We all are .
It ’s kind of a coping mechanism .
You feel bad at the time for what you did and you take those emotions and push them down .
That ’s what the Army teaches you to do , just push them down .
And in a sense it works .
It helps you get through the hard times .
But unfortunately , there ’s no outlet for that anymore , once you get out of the Army .
When you get back home , there ’s no one to joke around with , nobody you can talk to about these instances .
What happens to that soldier ?
He ’s going to blow up .
And when he blows up , more than likely it ’s going to be on his family , his close friends or on himself .
So I think that ’s why soldiers end up killing themselves .
So a terrible price is being paid for this war in the US itself ?
Yes , I feel that just as the Iraqis , the soldiers are victims of this war as well .
Like we say in our letter to the Iraqis , the government is ignoring them and it is also ignoring us .
Instead of people being upset at a few soldiers in a video who were doing what they were trained to do , I think people need to be more upset at the system that trained these soldiers .
They are doing exactly what the Army wants them to do .
Getting angry and calling these soldiers names and saying how callous and cold - hearted they are is n’t going to change the system .
What do you think drives this system ?
Why are they sent to do this ?
As far as the hidden agenda behind the war , I could n’t even begin to guess what that is .
I do know that the system is being driven by some people with pretty low morals and values , and they attempt to instill those values in the soldiers .
But the people who are driving the system do n’t have to deal with the repercussions .
It ’s the American people who have to deal with them .
They ’re the ones who have to deal with all of these soldiers who come back from war , have no outlets and blow up .
I still live with this every day .
When I close my eyes I see what happened that day and many other days like a slide show in my head .
The smells come back to me .
The cries of the children come back to me .
The people driving this big war machine , they do n’t have to deal with this .
They live in their $ 36 million mansions and sleep well at night .
Were you hopeful that with the 2008 election these kinds of things would be brought to a halt .
Were you disappointed that they have continued and escalated ?
I am not part of any party .
Was I hopeful ?
Yes .
Was I surprised that we are still there ?
No .
I ’m not surprised at all .
There ’s something else lying underneath there .
It ’s not Republican or Democrat ; it ’s money .
There ’s something else lying underneath it where Republicans and Democrats together want to keep us in Iraq and Afghanistan .
I am hopeful that the video and our speaking out will help .
There ’s the old adage that war is hell , but I do n’t think people really understand just what a hell war is .
Until you see it first - hand , you do n’t really know what ’s going on .
Like I said , this video shows you an every - day occurrence in Iraq , and I can only assume , in Afghanistan .
So I hope people wake up and see the actual hells of war .
The video can be viewed below :
Arizona tourists are biting back against San Diego for its city council 's decision to boycott the Grand Canyon State over its immigration law signed by Gov. Jan Brewer last month .
Would - be tourists have notified the San Diego Convention and Visitors Bureau and some hotels that they are canceling their scheduled travel to the coastal vacation destination , according to the San Diego Union - Tribune .
According to the newspaper , the convention bureau has received about 25 - 30 emails from Arizona residents , with some saying they are canceling their reservations and taking their money elsewhere .
That has tourism officials urging Arizonans to consider the resolutions as merely symbolic and local politics at work .
" We 're in a very tough environment already because of everything else going on , and we do n't need another negative impact to our industry , " ConVis President Joe Terzi told the Union - Tribune .
" This affects all the hardworking men and women who count on tourism for their livelihoods , so we ’re saying , do n't do something that hurts their livelihoods . "
" I 've been approached by a number of hotels who are very concerned because they ’ve received cancelations from Arizona guests , " Namara Mercer , executive director of the county Hotel - Motel Association , told the newspaper .
Roughly 2 million Arizonans visit San Diego each year but the recession has taken a toll on the hotel industry that was hoping for a comeback this year .
Hotels are offering deep discounts to fill up their undersold rooms while the tourism board spends $ 7 million this spring and summer season to promote travel to the area .
Several councils in large cities like Los Angeles , Austin , Boston and San Francisco have approved boycotts on employee travel or future contracts with Arizona businesses as a result of the law that goes into effect on July 1 .
The state tourism bureau has said the losses so far have reached nearly $ 10 million as a result of 23 canceled meetings .
But others are cautious , noting unintended consequences .
Milwaukee ’s city council delayed a vote on a boycott and Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett said he opposes such action .
On Saturday , former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin appeared with Brewer in Phoenix to criticize President Obama for not passing an immigration law and putting Arizona in the situation where it had to act on its own .
“ It ’s time for Americans across this great country to stand up and say ‘ we ’re all Arizonans now , and in clear unity , we say , Mr. President , do your job , secure our borders , ’ ” Palin said .
Palin also has denounced a decision by Highland Park , Ill. , officials who canceled the high school girls ’ basketball team ’s travel to the state in December .
Both Highland Park Assistant Superintendent Suzan Hebson and the Austin City Council suggested that their decisions were less based on politics than concern their players and employees could be in harm ’s way if they want to Arizona .
Hebson , however , told the Chicago Tribune that she did not know if any student players were themselves illegal immigrants .
Palin , a former basketball player , said she would raise money or find other ways to get the players to the tournament .
Meanwhile , in San Diego , school board President Shelia Jackson said she is sorry people do n’t want to come to her city , but she still supports her vote to boycott Arizona .
“ It ’s sad that people would cancel their plans to come here in reaction to that , but I still think we did the right thing , ” Jackson told the Union - Tribune .
“ Certainly , we know how important tourism is to San Diego , and it was n’t my intent to impact the tourism trade . ”
Image caption Concerns about European government debt levels hit shares in New York
Stockmarkets have fallen sharply as concerns about high levels of European government debt continue to shake investor confidence .
The euro fell to a 13 - month - low against the dollar , dropping to $ 1.3004 , after earlier slipping below the $ 1.30 mark .
The slides came despite an agreement reached over the weekend to provide Greece with a 110 bn - euro ( $ 143bn ; £ 95 bn ) , three - year bail - out package .
EU leaders had hoped the rescue package would restore investor confidence .
Borrowing costs
US stock markets had their worst session in three months , with the Dow Jones falling by 2 % , the tech - based Nasdaq by 2.98 % and the S&P 500 by 2.38 % .
It came after drops earlier in the day in Europe .
In both London and Frankfurt , the leading share indexes closed down 2.6 % , while in Paris the main index lost 3.6 % .
Shares in Athens closed down 6.7 % .
There have also been worries that other European countries , such as Portugal and Spain , may also find it difficult to raise enough money to service their high budget deficits .
The cost of government borrowing rose in both countries on Tuesday as a result .
However , the International Monetary Fund rejected speculation Spain was seeking a loan , saying there was " no truth " to the claims .
' Growing worries '
Global stock markets have been hit in recent weeks by concerns that Greece would be unable to raise enough money to pay off its debts .
Image caption Stocks fell sharply in Athens Check latest market data
Despite the massive loan package agreed by the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , doubts still remain about whether the country will be able to raise taxes and cut spending enough to address its longer - term debt problems .
" There are growing worries that [ the loans ] will be insufficient to cover Greece 's funding requirements over the next three years .
All of this implies that the euro will remain vulnerable for some time yet , " said Mitul Kotecha at Credit Agricole CIB Research .
' Absolute madness '
Portugal and Spain had their credit rating downgraded last week , and any further downgrades would raise the cost of future government borrowing even further , analysts warn .
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero moved to calm investors by saying his country had a lower debt - to - GDP ratio than the European average .
Spain 's debt - to - GDP ratio is just over 52 % , compared with Greece 's 115 % .
He dismissed market rumours that Spain was looking to the IMF for aid as " absolute madness " and " intolerable " .
IT IS being billed as a ' ' football extravaganza ' ' : a way to entertain tourists and Sydneysiders alike , as well as a golden opportunity to market the city to the world 's soccer fans .
But NSW taxpayers are underwriting the cost of operating giant screens , which will show World Cup matches as well as sponsors ' advertisements , to the tune of $ 7 million .
On the ball ... an artist 's impression of Darling Harbour 's Fan Fest .
During the month - long tournament , 1 million people are expected to attend the ' ' Fan Fests ' ' - cordoned - off areas of Darling Harbour and nearby Tumbalong Park , which the state government and soccer 's governing body , FIFA , are operating jointly .
FIFA 's share of the cost of running the free events extended to providing '' basic infrastructure ' ' such as the three screens that would float on the harbour and one in the park , a FIFA spokeswoman , who declined to go into more details , said .
Tomorrow the Supreme Court of the United States hears Kiobel v Shell , a case that alleges Shell aided and abetted human rights violations and crimes against humanity committed by the Nigerian military against the Ogoni people from 1992 onwards .
The case has significance for the global movement for corporate accountability .
The outcome in Kiobel will determine whether corporations can be sued in the US by victims of human rights abuses overseas .
Below is a list of resources which provide essential background information about the case .
1. Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) :
Throughout a decade of legal struggle it took to get Kiobel v Shell heard in the Supreme Court , CCR have been a key organisation in bringing the claim .
Their website provides a helpful synopsis , timeline and full documentation of the case .
“ In 1994 , Dr. Barinem Kiobel and MOSOP leaders were detained illegally based on spurious charges , held incommunicado in military custody , tortured , then tried by a special court established by the military government using procedures that violated international fair trial standards …
In November 1995 , Dr. Barinem Kiobel and the rest of the Ogoni 9 were convicted of murder and executed ten days later . “
2. Democracy Now TV interview with Marco Simons , EarthRights International legal director :
3 . The Video that Shell does n’t want you to see :
This video was made by the Shell Guilty coalition in the lead up to the related Wiwa v Shell case in 2009 .
4. Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s last interview
This was recorded in 1995 , the year that writer and activist Ken Saro - Wiwa and eight Ogoni activists , including Dr. Barinem Kiobel , were executed by the Nigerian military government for their campaigning against Shell ’s activities in the Delta .
Saro - Wiwa discusses the Ogoni struggle , the local impact of multinational oil companies like Shell and the implications of activism and politics for his practice as an artist , writer and poet .
5. Counting the Cost
What is the relationship right now between oil companies and the escalating violence committed by government forces and other armed groups in the Niger Delta ?
Platform ’s new report reveals how Shell and its contractors have fuelled conflict in Nigeria through substantial support to government forces and payments to armed militant groups
Platform ’s project to create a Living Memorial to the Ogoni 9 in London .
The Remember Saro - Wiwa site is a loaded with detailed background information , cultural events , blogs , podcasts and more .
7. Opinion : Ka Hsaw Wa , LA Times
A powerful opinion piece from co-founder and executive director of EarthRights International .
Ka Hsaw
Wa talks about his work on the Doe v Unocal case exposing corporate complicity in Burma , the significance of Kiobel and the need for victims of corporate abuses to obtain remedies :
A wave energy generator which was launched off the New South Wales south coast in March , has sunk in rough seas .
The 170 - tonne structure had been providing electricity to the grid from 150 metres offshore at Port Kembla .
But it broke free from its pylons on Friday afternoon and sank on Saturday .
Early efforts to tow the barge to safety were abandoned due to the rough conditions .
The Chief Executive Officer of the Port Kembla Ports Corporation , Dom Figliomeni , says the structure was battered against the break water .
He says attempts to retrieve the barge will be made this week .
" There 's been no impact on the provision of services to shipping and where it is at the moment it 's not a navigation hazard , " he said .
" We will continue to monitor its location . "
The generator 's Sydney - based developer , Oceanlinx is investigating what happened .
Researchers have produced human embryos containing DNA from three people , a biotechnological proof - of - principle with profound medical and ethical implications .
To accomplish this , chromosomes were taken from one zygote – the single cell formed when sperm and egg fuse – and put into a zygote stripped of its original chromosomes , but left with its original mitochondria , which provide each human cell with energy .
As they grew , the resulting embryos contained so - called nuclear DNA – the 25,000 genes responsible for physical and developmental traits – from two traditional parents , and mitochondrial DNA from a third .
The technique is a subtle form of genetic engineering , which many people consider taboo , and raises other ethical dilemmas .
It could also allow parents whose progeny would otherwise suffer from deadly mitochondrial diseases to have healthy children .
It 's been done in mice and monkeys , but not in people .
" Previous work showed that these manipulations were possible .
This showed that we can get the development of these embryos up to the blastocyst stage , " said Doug Turnbull , a Newcastle University neurologist and co-author of the study , published April 14 in Nature .
Thousands of mitochondria float freely in each human cell , using 17 genes to convert oxygen and nutrients into chemical energy .
During reproduction , mitochondria in sperm are destroyed .
Only the mitochondria in a mother 's egg are passed on .
Malfunctions in aging mitochondria have been linked to a variety of common diseases , including Alzheimer 's and cancer , but researchers like Turnbull focus on a subset of rare conditions caused early in life by defective mitochondria .
About one in 4,000 children develops a mitochondrial disease by age 10 .
Such diseases are often debilitating , sometimes fatal and presently incurable .
In recent decades , doctors wondered whether defective mitochondria might be swapped for healthy ones in an embryo .
In the last few years , sophisticated reproductive technologies and cell - manipulating tools have made that possible – first with mice , and then with more complex creatures .
Two years ago , Turnbull performed the basic steps of the technique with embryos left over from in vitro fertilization .
Last August , other researchers performed a variation of the technique , starting with unfertilized eggs rather than zygotes , on rhesus macaque monkeys .
Of 80 embryos in the the Nature study , again taken from IVF leftovers , eight were sustained for six days , long enough to become blastocysts with about 100 cells .
The technique " introduces some inefficiencies because it's more complicated " to use a zygote , said Shoukhrat Mitalipov , an Oregon Health & Science University reproductive biologist who led the rhesus macaque experiment .
Both techniques may ultimately be used , depending on circumstance , he said .
But the new results are still powerful .
" This is great .
We 've been thinking about this for years , " said Eric Schon , a Columbia University mitochhondrial geneticist .
" That possibility is now closer . "
Many steps remain before mitochondria swapping could be considered for humans .
Though engineered mice have matured and reproduced normally , the monkeys are just a year old .
But while safety is yet to be determined , ethical questions are emerging .
One issue involves the nature of parenthood : Would a mitochondrial donor be a parent ?
Turnbull compared mitochondria to the power source for a laptop .
" All the characteristics of the computer are stored on the computer .
We 're just changing the battery , " he said .
Potentially more tricky is the healthy mitochondria 's source .
While leftover embryos used in Turnbull 's approach are plentiful , eggs used by Mitalipov 's technique would need to be donated .
Egg donation involves a series of grueling and potentially risky hormone treatments .
Marcy Darnovsky , executive director of the Center for Genetics and Society , worried that the risks of mitochondrial swapping might not be immediately evident .
She mentioned intracytoplasmic sperm injection , in which sperm is injected directly into an egg .
It 's an approved workaround for male fertility , but some studies now suggest an increased risk of birth defects ( pdf ) .
" Observers have said that human beings were the guinea pigs , " Darnovsky said .
Because mitochondria are inherited , both Turnbull 's and Mitalipov 's techniques are a type of germline , or heritable , genetic engineering .
Many people think altering DNA is fine when changes are n't inherited , as with gene therapy to repair eyes , but troubling when traits are passed on .
Fearful of designer babies and long - term health uncertainties , countries like France and Germany have banned germline genetic engineering .
Mitochondrial swapping might seem less controversial than regular genetic engineering , because it involves metabolism rather than obvious physical traits .
" On the other hand , when embryo manipulations for heritable changes start being done , even with the best intentions , we 're on slippery ground , " said Darnovsky .
" I think this strategy for handling mitochondrial disease is fascinating , important and ethical , but it certainly crosses the line of engineering genes , " said Art Caplan , director of the University of Pennsylvania 's Center for Bioethics .
" It 's a quiet intrusion , but it crosses a line that a lot of people said should n't be crossed . "
Doug Wallace , a mitochondrial geneticist at the University of California , Irvine , framed the ethics differently .
" Is it fair for society to make it impossible for a woman who has a high percentage of mutant mitochondrial issues to have a healthy baby ?
That 's what I 'm confronted with in my clinic , " he said .
" There 's an ethic of what 's best for the patient . "
" For these families , there is n't a cure , " said Turnbull .
" That 's our motivation . "
Image : A nucleus is transferred into a recipient zygote ./ Nature .
See Also :
* Citation : " Pronuclear transfer in human embryos to prevent transmission of * mitochondrial DNA disease . "
By Lyndsey Craven , Helen A. Tuppen , Gareth D. Greggains , Stephen J. Harbottle , Julie L. Murphy , Lynsey M. Cree , Alison P. Murdoch , Patrick F. Chinnery , Robert W. Taylor , Robert N. Lightowlers , Mary Herbert , & Douglass M. Turnbull .
Nature , Vol. 464 No. 7291 , April 15 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
Records released by the city Thursday evening showed that the two veteran Cleveland police officers who mistook the corpse of a slain woman lying on Interstate 90 for a deer sat idle in their patrol car in a cemetery for about an hour before and after driving by the corpse at more than 50 mph .
The records were turned over to Safety Department officials after City Prosecutor Victor Perez ruled that Patrolmen Matthew Prince and David Muniz should not be prosecuted .
Perez decided that the case should be handled as a police performance issue and not a violation of criminal law .
His ruling puts the case in the hands of the Safety Director Martin Flask and Police Chief Michael McGrath .
An administrative hearing will be held and the investigation should be completed next week , Flask said .
He said he will determine the punishment , which can be a suspension of up to 30 days or termination .
If the punishment were up to the chief , McGrath by charter could suspend the officers for only up to 10 days .
" These allegations , if true , demand severe consequences , " Flask said in an e-mail .
They will consider the officers ' actions in the days prior to the incident as well as examining why the officers sat for long periods in their patrol car in the West Park Cemetery on the day the body was left by the roadway .
Data from the patrol car 's auto vehicle locator showed that from 3:31 a.m. to 4:36 a.m. the officers sat idle at the cemetery near Interstate 71 .
The first call reporting the dead body came in at 4:30 a.m. , and the patrol car was dispatched at 4:35 a.m .
VIDEO : Data from patrol car 's locator unit
GPS record from Cleveland Patrol car # 232
The officers went from the cemetery to Denison Avenue , then went north on West 25th Street before taking the ramp onto Interstate 90 .
The officers drove by the location where the body was found at speeds of up to 59 mph .
The highway search lasted two minutes .
The officers called dispatchers back at 4:50 a.m. and informed them there was a dead deer on the highway before returning to the cemetery at 4:54 a.m .
They sat there until 5:43 a.m .
Dispatch records show the three more people called to report the body between 5:34 a.m. and 6:10 a.m .
An Ohio Department of Transportation worker confirmed it was a body by 6:19 a.m. and police closed the highway minutes later .
Neither the officers nor their union leader returned calls for comment .
Perez was not available to comment either .
Cleveland Law Director Robert Triozzi agreed with the decision .
" This conduct may result in some disciplinary action but it does not rise to the level of a criminal offense , " Triozzi said .
Triozzi said as part of policy , the city prosecutor 's office reviews all Internal Affairs investigations to determine if a law was broken .
Relatives of the victim -- 28 - year - old mother of three Angel Bradley - Crockett -- were upset by the ruling and reports that the officers had been in the cemetery .
Patricia Bradley , the victim's mother , said she did n't know of the city 's ruling until she was contacted by The Plain Dealer .
" I do n't feel great about it , " said Bradley , 46 , who is caring for her daughter 's children .
" I feel they should have charges filed against them and the officers should turn in their badges .
" As soon as I can get up from the grieving , they will hear from me , " she said .
" I do n't plan on going away . "
Also on Thursday , prosecutors charged a second suspect , Latesha Santos , 23 , of Cleveland , with aggravated murder in Bradley - Crockett 's death .
Stephon Davis , 30 , of Cleveland , and Santos beat and murdered Bradley - Crockett and dumped her naked body the highway , police said .
Davis is charged with aggravated murder and is in jail on $ 2 million bond .
Santos is scheduled to appear in court this morning .
One of the blokes from Top Gear was tooling around Iceland 's Eyjafjallajökull in a Toyota pickup about a week before it blew and scientists who set up monitoring equipment just hours before the eruption used the same truck .
Toyota , eager for some good publicity for a change , did n't hesitate to announce that its " indestructable "
Hilux pickup was on Eyjafallajökull before it let loose , wreaking havoc on air travel and making " Eyjafjallajökull " the most common Google search no one can spell .
The guys from Top Gear are never ones to shy away from crazy situations , so it should come as no surprise that co-host James May drove on the volcano about a week before the eruption on April 14 .
May was filming a segment for the popular and irreverent BBC television program using a Toyota Hilux rigged up exactly like the truck Top Gear drove to the north pole .
Volcanologist Haraldur Sigurdsson accompanied May , presumably to keep him out of trouble , according to an Icelandic news report .
Scientists drove the same truck as they scrambled to set up monitoring equipment before the eruption , according to Toyota .
" The legendary pick - up that Top Gear simply could not destroy and which was the first car to be driven across the Arctic to the Magnetic North Pole proved the perfect transport for scientists racing to set up monitoring equipment before the long - dormant mountain blew its top and sent a vast cloud of ash 30,000 feet into the sky , " the company 's flaks in the U.K. said in a press release so breathless you 'd think they 'd been inhaling ash .
Top Gear , which never hesitates to drum up publicity , is of course taking partial responsibility for the eruption .
More photos of the Hilux on Eyjafallajökull after the jump .
Photos : Toyota
The first Siberian tiger cub to be found in the wild in China in at least 20 years has died less than two days after being discovered , the Guardian has learned .
Authorities have covered up the death , which casts a shadow over what is potentially the best conservation news the country has had for decades .
It also raises questions about the handling and timing of the discovery , which comes as China celebrates the start of the lunar year of the Tiger and a major financial push to save the biggest cat on the planet .
Early on the morning of 25 February , Han Deyou , a forester in the Wanda mountains in the northern province of Heilongjiang claimed to have discovered a wild tiger cub trapped in a pile of firewood in his yard .
Afraid of its roars and aggression , he called local police and forestry officials , who fed the captive animal beef and chicken as they waited for wildlife experts from a tiger breeding centre to arrive in the remote area the following morning .
The tiger was anaesthetised with a dart , taken away and detained in the jail of the local public security bureau .
Experts confirmed it was a Siberian tiger , weighing 28.5 kg and thought to be about around nine months old .
Regional media said the cub had probably sought shelter after being separated from its mother in the unusually deep winter snows .
Local authorities hailed the discovery as an " explosively " important development , according to the Northeast China Net website .
There are only about 20 tigers left in the wild .
According to regional media , no cubs have been found since the founding of the People 's Republic of China more than 60 years ago , though conservationists say records are unreliable before the 1990s .
Although China 's wild tiger population is tiny , thousands of the animals are bred in captivity each year .
Forestry bureaus are responsible for conservation and receive the bulk of funds related to this end .
The discovery of the young tiger appeared to show that the animals were still breeding in the wild , the best possible news at the start of a year in which the government , World Bank and conservation groups plan to invest heavily in a new programme to save the biggest cat on the planet .
But the case has been quickly shrouded in mystery , tragedy and secrecy .
Ma Hongliang , the propaganda chief of The East Is Red Forest Bureau , told the Guardian that the cub is dead , but the news has been withheld .
He has advised Central China Television and other domestic journalists not to report the death because of possible negative publicity .
He declined to answer questions about the time and cause of death .
" Experts tried their best to save the cub , " he said .
" It was too weak to survive . "
The full details of the case have yet to emerge .
It could yet prove a sad , but essentially positive indication of the potential for the remaining wild tiger population to breed .
Alternatively , it may raise fresh doubts about eco - fraud among a public that has become cynical about conservation claims .
In 2008 , forestry officials in Shaanxi province endorsed a photograph of a South China tiger , which suggested the animal – until then assumed extinct – was still alive .
It was quickly proved a fake .
The financial incentives for such duplicity are substantial because the existence of wild tigers improves the prospects for tourism and the possibility of conservation funds .
But conservation groups said there was reason to believe the latest case may be genuine .
" From the information we have , I think it might be real , " said a conservationist , who declined to be named .
" This area has been monitored for a long time .
Locals have previously reported seeing a tiger and a pup . "
Last year , a dead female tiger was found trapped in a snare .
The trapper – a frog farmer – was caught .
It is not likely to be the mother of the dead cub because tigers are dependent on their mothers for two years .
But conservationists were upbeat about the prospects for more cubs next year if the mother can avoid snares .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A bomb has exploded outside a courthouse in Thessaloniki , hours after an earlier blast at a prison near the Greek capital Athens .
Two people were reported to have been injured - one in each of the blasts .
Both bombs came after warning calls to local newspapers .
The bomb near Athens caused extensive damage to buildings .
There were no immediate claims of responsibility , but police linked the first explosion to left - wing Greek militant groups .
Several members of the left - wing groups are being held at the maximum - security prison that was targeted in Korydallos , near Athens , on Thursday evening .
In Thessaloniki , Greece 's second city , police said most people had been evacuated from the courthouse when the bomb there exploded .
One man was reported to have sustained minor injuries .
Austerity protests
Greek media reported that the device that exploded near Athens had been hidden in a travel bag .
The powerful blast shattered windows of nearby homes and was heard in the centre of Athens several kilometres away .
One woman was injured .
Police launched an investigation and sealed off a street next to the prison .
Athens has seen recent violent protests as the government unveiled tough austerity measures in return for a huge rescue package for its debt - ridden economy .
It has also seen a number of bomb attacks blamed on leftist militants .
In March a bomb outside a public building in the Patissia area of Athens killed a 15 - year - old boy .
Earlier attacks targeted banks and government buildings and were attributed to far - left or anarchist groups .
The typical image people have of air traffic control ( ATC ) is that of a group of people in an airport tower who coordinate aircraft activity by staring at radar screens that use points of light to represent aircraft .
While not fundamentally incorrect , this is n't a fair representation of the extent of ATC operations .
This article will flesh out that simplistic image and introduce you to the equipment , technologies , and procedures that go into keeping aircraft and air travelers safe in the air and on the ground .
We 'll look at the way air traffic control is organized , and explore the communication technologies that air traffic controllers use to keep in touch with air crew and ground personnel .
We 'll also look at the radar technologies used to keep track of aircraft , and we 'll end with a brief look at some next - generation technologies .
Safety and wake turbulence
The primary mandate of air traffic control is to ensure the safe transport of people and cargo by keeping aircraft at a safe distance from each other and expediting the flow of traffic .
Air traffic controllers have access to sophisticated radar systems that provide an overview of the airspace they control , and they have communication tools to coordinate flight paths with the air crew .
Pilots lack the tools necessary to get an overview of the airspace , so they have to rely on air traffic controllers to guide the aircraft through congested airspace .
Since aircraft travel at significantly higher speeds compared to other common modes of transport , the time available for pilots to react to a dangerous situation can be quite short .
Thus it 's essential that flight paths are carefully planned and managed to minimize the risk of a collision .
This is especially true around major airports where the density of aircraft in a given volume of airspace is higher than average .
Turbulence created by wingtip vortices and exhaust gases from jet engines can be significant when aircraft are in close proximity .
This phenomenon , called " wake turbulence , " can adversely affect trailing aircraft if the distance between them falls below a certain limit .
This limit depends on the mass of the two aircraft .
For instance , a light aircraft following a heavy aircraft is more susceptible to wake turbulence than a heavy aircraft in the same situation .
Therefore , aircraft approaching an airfield have to be carefully sequenced in a manner that takes such factors into consideration .
Additionally , weather conditions such as low cloud , heavy rain , or snow blizzards can mean that pilots can't see other aircraft in the vicinity and have to use their instruments and instructions from air traffic control to navigate .
Types of ATC
Air traffic controllers are organized into various groups , each of which is in charge of handling a distinct portion of the aircraft 's flight .
Each group has a designated airspace that it controls , and aircraft are handed off to the next group of controllers as it approaches the limits of the prior group 's airspace .
The airspace controlled by each group is further divided into sectors that are themselves handled by individual controllers .
The way these groups are organized varies from country to country and depends on the extent of controlled airspace and number of aircraft handled .
The Potomac TRACON facility controls approaches and departures in the airspace surrounding Baltimore Washington International , Washington Dulles , and Washington National airports ( Credit : FAA
The tower controllers are the most visible group .
From their vantage point on the airport tower , they have a visual overview of all the important parts of the airport tarmac , such as runways and taxiways .
Tower controllers monitor the airspace surrounding the airports and keep track of approaching and departing aircraft .
At well - equipped airports , they may even have access to surface movement radar systems to monitor aircraft and support vehicles as they move on the ground .
Once the aircraft is in the air and clear of the airfield , tower control hands the aircraft off to a departure controller .
These controllers are typically based at facilities a good distance from the airport .
With the use of surveillance radars , they are able to monitor air traffic around the airport .
These facilities are called Terminal Radar Approach Control ( TRACON ) facilities in the US .
In an area like New York , where airports are close to one another , a TRACON facility can service multiple airports .
The controllers here ensure that the planes approaching and departing the airspace they control are following designated flight paths and speeds .
TRACON facilities also sequence the aircraft that are coming in to land , in order to ensure that they are adequately separated to minimize any wake turbulence effects .
Departure controllers also need to take into account aircraft that may be flying through their airspace , and keep them separated from aircraft landing or taking - off .
As the aircraft exits the TRACON airspace , a facility known as an Area Control Center ( ACC ) takes over .
These facilities monitor the aircraft 's flight while in controlled airspace through remote radar stations .
Each ACC will have a designated airspace that it supervises .
An aircraft may fly through multiple ACC sectors as it flies to its destination , with each ACC handing off control of the aircraft to the next ACC as it exits the former 's airspace .
Once an aircraft gets closer to its destination airport , the ACC controllers hand off responsibility to the approach controllers at the local TRACON , who guide and sequence the aircraft to the active runway , and finally to the tower controllers .
Listing image by Andy Potter
Arizona lawmakers rarely write the laws they pass .
Sometimes the state 's legislative attorneys pen them ; sometimes lawmakers just copy language from other states ; and sometimes advocacy groups or outside experts write the bills .
The latter was the case with Arizona 's new immigration law .
While the vision belonged to Sen.
Russell Pearce , many of the words were crafted by Kansas attorney Kris Kobach , an authority on immigration enforcement with a growing national reputation .
The passage of the toughest illegal - immigration law in the country at the end of April created a firestorm of controversy .
The law makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
It led to proposed copycat legislation in some states and boycotts of Arizona by others .
It also has pushed the debate - and the political players behind it - into the spotlight .
Kobach , who has an Ivy League education and ties to a controversial Washington , D.C. - based anti-immigration group , has been writing and defending city and state immigration laws since 2001 .
But it's his efforts - and successes - in Arizona that have cemented his reputation as an immigration expert .
Arizona has become his test case to prove that ratcheting up laws that crack down on illegal immigration will motivate illegal immigrants to leave on their own .
" Slowly but surely , Arizona is showing that attrition through enforcement works , " Kobach said .
Legal mind
Kobach has a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University , a doctorate in political science from Oxford University and a law degree from Yale Law School .
He said he first got interested in immigration issues as a law student reading about California 's Proposition 187 , a 1994 voter - approved measure that would have denied health - care , education and social - service benefits to illegal immigrants .
A federal court in California ruled the law unconstitutional .
Kobach said he was fascinated by the debate over whether states had the right to enforce immigration laws .
In 2001 , just days after 9/11 , Kobach got a job as chief adviser on immigration law and border security to John Ashcroft , who was in his first year as U.S. attorney general .
Kobach oversaw Department of Justice efforts to tighten border security , including the design and implementation of a system that requires foreign nationals from certain nations to register with a program that tracks their movements in and out of the U.S .
While at the Justice Department , Kobach began making contacts with state and local government officials .
Kobach left the Justice Department in 2003 and now teaches constitutional and immigration law at the University of Missouri - Kansas City School of Law .
He 's running for secretary of state in Kansas .
An expertise
The circle of anti-immigration legal experts is a small one .
Kobach 's work for the Justice Department got him in the door .
Joining the non-profit Washington , D.C. - based Immigration Reform Law Institute , the public - interest law affiliate of the Federation for American Immigration Reform , earned him a seat at the table .
FAIR , according to its website , seeks to improve border security , stop illegal immigration and decrease the number of legal immigrants allowed into the country .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , a non-profit Alabama - based civil - rights organization , has named FAIR among the 932 U.S. organizations it describes as " hate groups , " citing FAIR 's stance on immigration .
FAIR boasts 250,000 supporters , a very public profile and a national network of grass - roots subgroups .
In 2004 , Kobach worked on a FAIR lawsuit against a Kansas law that gave children of undocumented immigrants in - state college tuition .
The lawsuit was dismissed , but the work started to roll in .
Several cities hired him to help defend ordinances prohibiting landlords from renting to illegal immigrants .
He also , for free , helps state legislators craft laws .
Arizona involvement
Kobach first got involved with Arizona immigration efforts in 2006 .
His work defending cities ' efforts to combat illegal immigration had begun making headlines , and he was contacted by the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office to help defend the state 's Human Smuggling
Act in court .
Former County Attorney Andrew Thomas used the 2004 law to charge illegal immigrants as co-conspirators with the people who brought them into the country .
The practice was upheld in court .
Kobach said he was first contacted by Pearce to help draft the 2007 law that makes it illegal to knowingly hire undocumented workers .
Kobach was later hired by the Arizona Attorney General 's Office to help defend the law , which was upheld by the Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit .
The Solicitor General 's Office has urged the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the employer - sanctions case .
When Pearce was ready to tackle state enforcement of federal immigration laws , he again called Kobach for help .
Kobach said he is happy with the final version .
" I think it will be difficult for the plaintiffs challenging this , " he said .
" They are heavy on political rhetoric but light on legal arguments . "
Spreading law
It 's nothing new for advocacy groups - such as those involved with gun rights , abortion or immigration - to rally voters to their cause .
But over the past decade , groups have increasingly begun to accomplish their goals behind the scenes , writing legislation themselves and backing lawmakers willing to introduce it .
Their websites offer " model law " for other states to duplicate .
They hold conferences for lawmakers to talk about specific issues .
They offer experts such as Kobach to help draft laws .
Kobach said that 's exactly how the federalist system in America was envisioned .
" It 's been referred to as a laboratory of states , " he said .
" One state does something that works , and other states follow . "
But critics say Arizona 's law reflects far more than the wishes of constituents .
They say the law is the latest in a national effort by anti-illegal - immigration groups to change public policies using the exact legal wording they want , one state at a time .
The groups , critics say , are using Arizona to serve their own greater goals .
Suman Raghunathan , immigration policy specialist with the Progressive States Network , said recent immigration law efforts in Arizona and elsewhere have been the direct result of a targeted effort from Kobach and anti-illegal - immigration groups .
" I think people have no idea that these are very well financed , well organized , planned efforts , " she said .
Both she and Kobach agree that when it comes to illegal - immigration laws , Arizona has been made the nation 's model state .
It was the first state to require an ID to register to vote , the first to require employers to use E - Verify to assure employees were in the country legally and a leader in denying benefits to illegal immigrants .
Now , under the new law , it 's the first to make it a state crime to be in the country illegally .
" Arizona really has been a trailblazer in discouraging illegal immigration , " Kobach said .
Next year , Pearce has said , he will propose a measure that would make Arizona the first state to stop the practice of giving citizenship to children who are born in the United States to illegal - immigrant parents .
Ending the practice of granting citizenship to " anchor babies , " as they are sometimes called , is one of FAIR 's legislative goals and is supported by Kobach .
The last papal visit to the UK was in May 1982 The Pope 's visit to Britain will not be affected by a leaked memo which appeared to mock the Catholic Church , the Vatican has said .
The Foreign Office has apologised over the paper resulting from a " brainstorm " which said the Pope could bless a gay marriage or open an abortion clinic .
UK newspaper reports have quoted Vatican sources as saying the September visit could now be in doubt .
But Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said : " For us the case is closed . "
Noting the Foreign Office 's apology , Fr Lombardi told the ANSA news agency the incident would have " absolutely " no impact on the Pope 's 16 to 19 September visit .
The Foreign Office has stressed the internal memo by a junior civil servant containing " naive and disrespectful " ideas for marking the visit did not reflect its views .
Details of the document , which also suggested the visit could be marked by special " Benedict " condoms , emerged after it was obtained by the Sunday Telegraph .
I think that Christianity has been so much a part of the furniture of our society that it tends to be neglected and taken for granted
Peter Forster
Bishop of Chester
It prompted the UK's ambassador to the Vatican , Francis Campbell , to meet senior officials of the Holy See to express regret on behalf of the government .
The junior civil servant responsible for setting up the brainstorming and circulating its results said in a cover note : " Please protect ; these should not be shared externally .
The ' ideal visit ' paper in particular was the product of a brainstorm which took into account even the most far - fetched of ideas . "
The civil servant had since been put on other duties , the Foreign Office said .
Hard line call Peter Forster , the bishop of Chester , argued that the memo is symptomatic of a greater problem between religion and the secular government .
" I think that Christianity has been so much a part of the furniture of our society that it tends to be neglected and taken for granted , " Dr Forster told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" There 's a ' familiarity breeding contempt ' in some circles of society about our Christian heritage which leads to the distasteful events we had yesterday with that memo . "
The ideas were attached as one of three " background documents " to a memo dated 5 March 2010 inviting officials in Whitehall and Downing Street to attend a meeting to discuss themes for the papal visit .
It suggested Benedict XVI could show his hard line on the sensitive issue of child abuse allegations against Roman Catholic priests by " sacking dodgy bishops " and launching a helpline for abused children .
The document went on to propose the Pope could apologise for the Spanish Armada or sing a song with the Queen for charity .
Pope Benedict XVI 's visit is expected to take in Birmingham , as part of the planned beatification of Cardinal John Newman , and Scotland .
It will be the first papal visit in the UK since John Paul II 's visit in 1982 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Geoffrey Robertson , a renowned human rights lawyer and United Nations jurist , wants to see Pope Benedict put on trial for allegedly protecting predator priests .
In a Guardian UK piece making its rounds this week in Catholic circles , Robertson demanded the pope be “ put in the dock ” so that the church might “ feel the full weight of international law ” over its thousands of pedophilia scandals .
ADVERTISEMENT
The pope ’s conduct , he said , “ amounted to the criminal offence of aiding and abetting sex with minors , ” making Benedict a justifiable target for either the International Criminal Court or a British court acting under the legal principal of universal jurisdiction .
Other international figures who ’ve recently been pursued by various courts under universal jurisdiction include several former Bush administration attorneys and former U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for the torture of terror war prisoners , along with Israeli officials who helped launch the 2008 Gaza offensive .
“ Universal jurisdiction Ã¢â‚¬â€  a concept in international law Ã¢â‚¬â€ allows judges to issue warrants for nearly any visitor accused of grievous crimes , no matter where they live , ” the Associated Press reported .
“ British judges have been more open to the concept than those in other countries . ”
“ In legal actions against Catholic archdioceses in the US it has been alleged that the same conduct reflected Vatican policy as approved by Cardinal Ratzinger ( as the pope then was ) as late as November 2002 , ” Robertson wrote .
“ Sexual assaults were regarded as sins that were subject to church tribunals , and guilty priests were sent on a ‘ pious pilgrimage ’ while oaths of confidentiality were extracted from their victims . ”
He continued : “ The UN at its inception refused membership to the Vatican but has allowed it a unique ‘ observer status ’ , permitting it to become signatory to treaties such as the Law of the Sea and ( ironically ) the Convention on the Rights of the Child , and to speak and vote at UN conferences where it promotes its controversial dogmas on abortion , contraception and homosexuality .
This has involved the UN in blatant discrimination on grounds of religion : other faiths are unofficially represented , if at all , by NGOs .
But it has encouraged the Vatican to claim statehood Ã¢â‚¬â€œ and immunity from liability . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Robertson insisted that the ICC could be used as long as the PopeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s sovereign immunity was waived and as long as jurists can show that the sex abuse scandal was carried out on a ‘ widespread or systematic scale , ’ the way that child soldiers were used in the wars in Sierra Leone and the way that sex slaves are traded internationally , ” The Catholic Family and Human Rights Institute added .
The Catholic League of Australia was quick to launch a spirited defense of the pope , suggesting that Benedict ’s accusers have no evidence .
“ Robertson is a Human Rights lawyer who should know better than to suggest that charges of crime should be levelled without any evidence , ” they opined .
“ Unfortunately for Mr. Robertson his desire to create controversy and his own gossip does not constitute as a source of law .
Mr. Robertson also bizarrely suggests that the Vatican is not a country .
He conveniently ‘ forgets ’ that 179 countries recognise the Vatican as a sovereign state .
Mr. RobertsonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s effort to create controversy and create publicity for himself has blinded his judgement . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
For its part , The New York Times reported Saturday that as a Cardinal , Ratzinger seemed to be resisting efforts to defrock a priest who molested children , waiting six long years before any action was taken .
“ The matter was one of several recently reported instances in which documents have indicated that Benedict or his subordinates failed to act strongly against abuser priests Ã¢â‚¬â€ a failing that Vatican officials , cardinals and many bishops have heatedly rejected , ” the paper added .
“ The reports have surfaced amid a wave of disclosures about past sexual abuses by Roman Catholic priests around Europe . ”
Toronto ’s first disloyalty card launches next week , promising to send people on a liquid tour of seven independent coffee shops .
The counterculture scheme , to promote quality coffee and community , is the brainchild of the newly formed Toronto Coffee Conspiracy .
Made up of Mercury Espresso Bar , Dark Horse Espresso Bar , Sam James Coffee Bar , Crema Coffee Co. , Manic Coffee , Lit Espresso Bar and Blondie ’s Coffee Bar , the group embraces neighbourhoods from the Junction and Roncesvalles Village to Chinatown and Leslieville .
“ We all have something great to offer and we all do it a little different , ” promises Matthew Taylor , co-owner of Mercury Espresso Bar in Leslieville .
Taylor has long mused about collective action .
Then he heard that 2009 World Barista champion Gwilym Davies had launched a “ disloyalty ” card late last year , promising to make people a free drink at his Prufrock Coffee once they visited eight independent coffee shops in East London .
Inspired , Taylor emailed Davies — as a gesture of respect — to say he ’d love to replicate the card in Toronto .
He got the okay , and on March 5 called six of his closest coffee friends to Dora Keogh pub on the Danforth to pitch the idea for the conspiracy and the card .
Toronto ’s disloyalty card , set to launch April 20 , works a little differently than London ’s version .
Once the business card - sized wallet cards are printed , you pick one up at your regular coffee shop ( there will be about 500 per store ) and that will be marked as your starting point .
Then you visit the other six spots , buy any coffee that ’s on the menu ( brewed or espresso based ) , and get the card punched .
When you ’re done , you return to your starting point for a free coffee .
Finished cards can be turned in for monthly draws .
They ’ll also help people score invitations to attend or judge things the coffee shops do privately , like latte art competitions .
Geoff Polci , who owns Crema Coffee Co. in the Junction ( plus a new kiosk within a Freshii at Yonge and Bloor Sts. ) , is pumped by the card ’s potential .
“ We ’re hoping people treat it like a passport , ” he says .
“ We ’re in the Junction and it ’s still so undiscovered .
This is great exposure for the independent coffee scene in Toronto .
Collectively , as a group , we ’re a lot stronger and able to reach a lot more people . ”
The Toronto Coffee Conspiracy has n’t quite figured out how to promote their neighbourhoods , except to give customers advice on where to shop , eat or visit nearby .
Since news of the initiative broke , there has been unexpected backlash at the whiff of exclusivity .
“ You do n’t want to exclude people , ” concedes Polci , “ but you want to maintain some integrity . ”
The aim is to start small , see if the disloyalty card works , and then expand .
“ We hope to get more places in the west end , and more in the east end , ” says Taylor .
“ Maybe an east card that you take to the west , and a west card that you take to the east . ”
The name Toronto Coffee Conspiracy has also sparked troubled rumblings .
It ’s actually a harmless homage to a 1970s Stratford band called The Perth County Conspiracy .
“ It ’s not a conspiracy by any means , ” stresses Taylor .
The seven shops , with a combined 10 locations , have different owners .
And no , the disloyalty card is n’t secretly backed by any of their suppliers .
The shops use various espresso machines ( like Synesso , Clover and La Marzocco ) and a spectrum of roasters — including Intelligentsia , 49th Parallel , Dark City , Origins , Detour , Stumptown and Terroir .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We just want to show people it ’s a tight - knit , and not negative or competitive , industry , ” says Taylor .
“ We want to get together and show people there is fun in our community . ”
The disloyal coffee route
These coffee shops are part of the Toronto Coffee Conspiracy , and will be offering a disloyalty card program starting April 20 .
Blondie ’s Coffee Bar & Restaurant , www.blondiesbar.ca, 1378 Queen St. W .
Crema Coffee Co. , www.cremacoffee.ca, 3079 Dundas St. W. , 53 Bloor St. E. ( inside Freshii )
Dark Horse Espresso Bar , www.darkhorseespresso.com, 682 Queen St. E. , 215 Spadina Ave .
Lit Espresso Bar , www.litespressobar.com, 221 Roncesvalles Ave. , 810 College St .
Manic Coffee , www.maniccoffee.com, 426 College St .
Mercury Espresso Bar , www.mercuryespresso.com, 915 Queen St. E .
Sam James Coffee Bar , http://samjamescoffeebar.com, 297 Harbord St .
jbain@thestar.ca
Despite having similar educational backgrounds and experience , female M.B.A. - holders are still not getting the same pay , positions , or promotions as their male colleagues , according to a study released Thursday by Catalyst , a New York City - based nonprofit focused on women in the workplace .
The study , which had more than 9,000 respondents who graduated from 26 M.B.A. programs between 1996 and 2007 , found that starting from the first job post - M.B.A. women lagged behind male respondents .
For example , 60 % of women respondents ...
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- John Paulson , the hedge - fund manager famous for betting against mortgage securities , is now bullish on the U.S. housing market and the economy .
During a conference call with investors Wednesday , Paulson said he was concerned earlier this year about a potential double - dip recession .
" I 'm not concerned about that at all today , " he said .
It 's more likely there could be a V - shaped recovery , Paulson elaborated .
House prices have stabilized and could climb 8 % to 10 % nationwide in 2011 , he added .
Corporate earnings are coming in ahead of expectations , the stock market is stronger and there 's a " vibrant " credit market .
With the " final leg " of a rising housing market , " the outlook for 2011 could be very strong , " Paulson said .
Paulson oversaw $ 32 billion in assets at the start of 2010 , making it the third - largest hedge - fund firm in the world behind J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , +0.96 % and Bridgewater Associates .
The firm grew quickly after it made billions of dollars betting against mortgage - related securities before the housing market collapsed in 2007 .
One of those bets was against parts of a Goldman Sachs collateralized debt obligation called Abacus 2007 - AC1 .
On Friday , the SEC charged Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS , +2.12 % with securities fraud , alleging it did n't tell investors in the CDO that Paulson helped structure the deal and was betting against it .
Goldman has denied the allegations .
Read the latest on the suit and Goldman 's response .
Reuters
The SEC stressed on Friday that it did n't charge Paulson because the hedge - fund firm was n't obligated to disclose potential conflicts to investors in the CDO .
Paulson defended its role in the CDO during Wednesday 's conference call .
Check out story on Paulson addressing redemption concerns .
Covering shorts
Returns generated by Paulson 's main Advantage hedge funds lagged some rivals in the first quarter .
Paulson said Wednesday that this was because the firm kept its net exposure to the market low .
This means negative bets , known as short positions , were relatively high compared to positive , or long , positions .
Paulson added he was concerned about a potential double - dip recession and a possible default by a Southern European nation .
" I 'm currently much less concerned that either those two issues will happen . "
Greece 's problems are much better understood now and are being dealt with , he commented .
Paulson & Co. covered , or closed , many of its short positions recently and that showed up in stronger returns in April , the fund manager noted .
The firm has been " much more aggressive " in positioning its Advantage funds to " participate in a stronger economic recovery , " Paulson said .
Housing outlook
Paulson also cited signs of stabilization in the housing market , pointing out that prices have stopped falling .
California , which was first to suffer during the housing collapse , also has been the first market to recover , he said .
Prices in California stopped falling more than six months ago , and the latest data show prices up between 8 % and 10 % .
Nationwide house prices will likely follow suit , climbing 8 % to 10 % in 2011 , according to Paulson .
' Voracious '
Paulson also was bullish about credit markets and said he is n't worried about the massive amount of corporate debt that needs to be refinanced in the next three years or so .
" That is a concern to some investors .
It 's not at all a concern to me , " he said .
" There 's so much demand for debt . "
Whenever debt matures , lenders get cash back that has to be redeployed and that drives demand , he explained .
There 's a " voracious appetite for credit , " Paulson commented , noting that offerings are " vastly " oversubscribed .
Inflation and gold
One investor on the conference call asked Paulson if the firm 's views on inflation and its large gold positions have changed recently .
Paulson was recently the largest investor in the SPDR Gold Trust GLD , - 0.60 % and owns big stakes in at least one gold mining company .
Check out MarketWatch special report on the new gold bugs .
He also set up a hedge fund dedicated to gold trading at the start of this year .
But the fund lost 14 % in its first month as gold prices languished , Bloomberg News reported earlier this year .
Paulson said Wednesday that the firm still expects inflation in coming years and has n't changed its position on gold , which is seen as a good hedge against strong inflation .
Through quantitative monetary easing , the U.S. government has increased the monetary base by roughly 150 % since before Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. LEHMQ collapsed , Paulson said .
Excessive growth in the monetary base over real economic growth creates inflation , he argued .
" Unless this can be removed , it 's likely to find its way into the money supply and hence inflation .
We have n't changed our view . "
Inflation will take a while to develop , but in three to seven years , Paulson added , he expects to see higher rates of inflation .
For the money supply to expand , there has to be economic growth and banks have to expand their assets while unemployment falls , Paulson noted .
" But that 's what 's happening now .
I would n't be surprised to start seeing signs of money - supply growth in coming months . "
( CNN ) -- Fourteen alleged members of the Gambino crime family have been indicted on charges including murder , racketeering , prostitution of minors and trying to locate and intimidate a sequestered jury , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Manhattan , New York , said Tuesday .
" Today , the Gambino family has lost one of its leaders , and many of its rising stars have now fallen , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said .
" We will continue to work with our partners at the FBI to eradicate the mafia and to keep organized crime from victimizing the businesses and the people of this city . "
Twelve people , including Daniel Marino , named by the U.S. attorney as the current boss of the Gambino crime family , were arrested Tuesday morning .
One was arrested last week , and another was at large Tuesday afternoon , Bharara 's office said .
Marino has been charged with murder in various cases , including the 1989 killing of Thomas Spinelli , a member of the family who testified before a federal grand jury about the mafia 's members and activities .
The other defendants , who authorities say include some high - ranking members of the Gambino crime family , also have serious charges brought against them .
Onofrio Modica is charged with jury tampering , which stems from 1992 , when then - boss John J. Gotti was on trial on federal racketeering and murder charges .
According to the U.S. attorney , Modica and other members of the Gambino family tried to locate the anonymous , sequestered jurors sitting on the trial .
Modica was able to penetrate security measures and locate the hotel where the jury was sequestered , but the plan was called off after Gotti decided that the jury would not convict him , authorities allege .
The U.S. attorney alleges several of the defendants also operated a prostitution business from 2008 to 2009 , where young women and girls as young as 15 allegedly were recruited to be prostitutes and advertised on websites such as Craigslist .
According to Bharara , the defendants drove the women to their appointments and kept approximately half the money paid to them .
The women allegedly were made available for sex to gamblers at weekly high - stakes poker games that authorities say were run by the defendants .
Read how rare it is for women and children to be involved
A press release from Bharara 's office detailed the other charges against the defendants , including extortion ; assault ; trafficking of narcotics , such as cocaine , OxyContin and marijuana ; wire fraud , which includes the alleged defrauding of several high - end New York restaurants by inflating invoice costs ; loansharking ; and gambling .
" This case shows that it 's still about making money illegally , by whatever means , " FBI Special Agent - in - Charge George Venizelos said .
" No crime seemed too depraved to be exploited if it was a money - maker , including the sexual exploitation of a 15 - year - old . "
According to the U.S. attorney 's office , the fourteen defendants are Marino , Modica , Thomas Orefice , Dominick DiFiore , Anthony Manzella , Michael Scotto , Michael Scarpaci , Thomas Scarpaci , David Eisler , Salvatore Borgia , Steve Maiurro , Keith Dellitalia , Suzanne Porcelli and Anthony Vecchione .
Maiurro remains at large .
The 13 defendants all entered not guilty pleas on Tuesday , according to the U.S. attorney 's office , and they are expected to appear Wednesday before a federal judge who has been appointed to the case .
On the 18th April , Ugo Bardi posted a piece on The Oil Drum discussing some of the dark sides of coal mining .
In particular he started with one of his favorite paintings ' The Riverbank ' by Telemaco Signorini .
He ties this picture of men towing a coal barge into a memory of his earlier life .
And so , from the other end of that supply chain , that brought coal to Florence , today I am going to talk about the early history of coal , but from the region around Newcastle , and further north up by Alnwick , which is where my coal - mining ancestors came from .
The commentary that comes with the DVD makes some point of the difficulty in hauling the boat , even though it was relatively small and there are more than twice as many men as Ugo portrayed .
It was also unladen .
Though the crew look strong , they are after all actors , and are attached to the boat by a harness of ropes that it likely take more time for them to learn to properly operate than they had for that shoot .
( As one of the comments on Ugo ’s post noted , this scene could have been taken to reproduce the Russian painter Ilya Repin ’s painting “ Burlaki ” which it emulates ) .
Ugo also deals more with the political constraints in the coal trade after 1860 .
Since I am more concerned with discussing reserves and methods of mining and the more technical considerations , I am going to start a little earlier in the use of coal , when it was mined in the UK , and some of the early practices .
When coal was first used , the legends have it that it was collected along the sea coast near Tynemouth in the North - East of England , and taken to the local priory and the rights to the coal were given to the monks .
( The scene is illustrated in the movie “ Nine Centuries of Coal . ”
( Which if I understand the BFI rules you can download if you are at a British University or school ) .
Coal was used to provide the fire for the local lighthouse at Tynemouth until about 150 years ago .
The monks did well by their ownership of the coal rights , by 1281 they were shipping the coal down to London where it brought nineteen shillings a chauldron .
( There were 20 shillings to a pound , which is currently worth $ 1.44 , though the value has historically been higher ) .
A chauldron was a wagon that would hold around 80,000 cubic inches of coal or just over 45 cu. Ft. of coal , or about 1.7 tons of coal , when it was mined .
When it got down to London the measure changed so that while , by one definition , a chauldron was 36 bushels , but
8 chaldrons at Newcastle , makes at London about 15 chaldron .
The unit was abolished in 1963 .
1870 Chauldrons at the Beamish Mining Museum ( Terry Pinnegar )
So we know that coal was heading down to London , where King Edward ( because the fumes apparently sickened his mother ) banned it , with the threat of torture and death to those that used it .
( This is the king that had Wllliam Wallace , as played by Mel Gibson in Braveheart , chopped into bits , while alive , so he generally was n't someone you wanted to mess with ) .
But is was sufficiently cheaper than the wood alternative that the ban had little effect , and coal has been a major fuel in the United Kingdom ever since .
The king , incidentally , was compensated in other ways , since a royal duty was imposed on the mining and shipping of coal , that brought in a large income over the years .
In 1818 the mines were estimated to produce 15 million tons a year , for domestic use , with additional amounts used by industry .
The duty was 9 shillings and four pence to London , and 6 shillings to other ports in the UK .
And this brought in a revenue of 570,066 pounds in 1816 .
Some 2.25 million chauldrons of coal were shipped , roughly half of which originated in Newcastle .
The coal was generally taken by rail , though hauled by horse until the invention of the locomotive ( by a local miner ) , down to the river where equipment known as “ drops ” were used to swing the chauldron down to the collier for unloading .
The staithes at Wallsend by Hair ( 1844 )
The staithes includes the short pier and feeds to the drop .
At its extremity is fixed the drop , consisting of a square frame hung upon pulleys , and counterbalanced by back weights .
The loaded wagon , together with the square frame , descends by its own gravity to the hatchway of the vessel , delivers its coals , and , in turn the empty wagon is returned by means of the balance weights , the motion heing in both cases regulated by a brake wheel .
A man is lowered down with the wagon , whose business is to unhasp its moveable bottom , and thereby let the coals drop into the hold of the vessel .
The drop was patented in 1800 by Wm Chapman .
A tapered spout led the coal into the hold of smaller keels ( the boats used to carry the coal out to larger ships ) .
The main coal mined came from the Bensham and in 1836 93 ships carried some 15,519 tons of this coal through the staithe at Wallsend to London , where it sold for 7s 9d a ton , while one ship carried 318 tons from the Bensham Wallsend , and it sold for 8s 6d a ton .
( Personal note – I have worked in the Bensham seam , albeit some 125 years later . )
Mining had progressed by that time from the initial collection of loose coal washed up on the beach ( sea coal ) to mining it where it outcropped , and then mining back into the seam outcrop from the surface , and this often meant that the tunnel that was mined sloped down into the ground .
The dirt that was mined out was dumped at the entrance to the tunnel , and often created a small narrow feature on the ground , a tip , some of which can still be seen today .
Our family , for example , used to be coal miners at Eglingham .
This is a small village found in the North East of England , not that far from the Scottish border .
Aerial view of North of England ( Google Earth )
I have marked an overview of the village with a couple of arrows to show where the two tips were that I have walked around ( and where my ancestors no doubt worked ) on an overall view of the village ( using Google Earth ) which is at the bottom of the picture .
Given the fact that I am going to show you that it was a mining site , it was wryly amusing to see signs in the local parish hall asking for action to protest the location of wind turbines on this " pristine English countryside . "
Eglingham ( Google Earth )
Right in the center of the picture however , if one zooms in until GE tilts a bit , you can see a third tip quite clearly .
Pit tip at Eglingham ( Google Earth )
My aunt ( the Teacher ) had done some research on where we lived , and this was not down in the current village but up where the top left arrow points , and where all that is left of the houses are circles where the gorse grows , but where rabbit warrens have brought up small pieces of china , and other remnants of the time that folk lived there , only a couple of hundred years ago .
Ruins at Tarry , near Eglingham ( 55deg 28”55.84 ” 1deg 49”43.76 W )
In those days it was pre-mechanization , and the miners used only a pick and a shovel to break the coal from the solid .
It was then put into woven baskets called corves , that were dragged to the surface on a wooden board , either by younger boys , or by women .
The board would slide up the tip , and could be dumped before being dragged back underground .
The tunnels were driven to the height of the coal , which in the area may have been somewhere around 4 ft 10 inches ( with an interbedded layer of stone that ranged from 3 inches to 2 ft thick ) or 5 ft 8 inches , ( with 3 ft of interbedded stone ) not the richest of workings .
It was only after some years , and larger mine developments that the baskets went from being carried on folks backs , or on these boards , to being put on flat cars and moved by rail .
Bottom of the shaft , Walbottle Colliery Hair ( 1844 )
Stephenson , who invented the Rocket , the first locomotive as a way of hauling mine chauldrons down to the staithes , began his working career by weaving canes into these corves in a pit yard .
In these small operations , with all the excavation from the initial tunnel into the side of the hill , the coal was mined by individual workers , or families .
The miner would work with a candle as a light , and that would be mounted to a wooden post that he would use to hold the roof up .
Undercutting the coal
Laying on his side , he would then take his pick and cut out a slot at the bottom of the coal .
This undercut , perhaps 3 ft deep , would be cut along the total face of the coal , before the miner would start to work up .
Depending on the size of the tunnel he may also make a vertical cut to create a second free face .
( You can see some of these markings in the walls of old stone quarries , and in the mines under Bath in the UK , and the salt mine at Wieliczka in Poland ) .
He would then break out the coal in individual lumps that were several inches in size .
( 4 - 6 would be ideal ) .
If he used the joints ( called cleat ) and the bedding planes of the coal , then this was not too difficult to do , and so he could mine out several chauldron ’s worth of coal in a shift .
In the measurement of the work he did using a modern measure it would take as little as 4 joules / cc of energy to break out that coal .
Wall at Wielicza , showing the pick patterns used to cut the initial slot to which the rest of the rock would then be broken .
A typical shift would be around 8 hours , but it shrank , so that when I went into the mines it lasted only 7.25 hours .
As well as mining the coal , the miner had to hold up the roof , and , if there was a roof fall repair it .
But of all his concerns the most prevalent was that of gas .
Remember both that he had to breathe , and that coal emits methane , or natural gas , from most seams .
The methane will burn , or in the right concentrations in the mine can explode .
And when that happens it consumes all the oxygen , so that even if the miners are n’t in an area where the explosion happened then they may still die as the de-oxgenated air circulates underground .
Initially the miners would work only a short distance into the outcrop and though the mining site here was worked at least from the early 1700s , in the south of England miners had already learned to sink shafts and to mine out from them – but I will get to that next time .
Maman lanceuse de couteaux
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
En 1950 , une maman lanceuse de couteaux avec comme cobaye ses enfants !
couteau enfant femme lancer maman
FOR TEACHERS WITH CLASS ROOMS ONLY :
If you are a teacher and wish to get your class and students directly involved , you will receive all of the items listed above , plus we will link up with your class before or during our undersea mission in 2011 .
Its a great opportunity for a fund raiser - car washes , bake sales , rummage sales , etc. for an exceptionally worthy cause and several awesome life lessons as well !
Less
PFT first reported this afternoon that the Rams were close to a deal that would send tackle Alex Barron to the Cowboys for linebacker Bobby Carpenter .
Since our report , there have been other indications a deal is imminent .
ESPN ’s Adam Schefter said a deal was likely , and Jim Thomas of the St. Louis Post - Dispatch writes a deal will happen .
Before the trade can be official , Barron needs to sign his restricted free agent tender .
The earliest that could happen now is Friday .
The two players will also have to pass physicals .
Britain is on the verge of signing a secret deal to allow a small number of Yemeni Jews facing severe persecution in their home country to move to the UK , The Independent has learnt .
The tentative agreement is the product of months of painstaking negotiations between the Foreign Office and the Yemeni authorities , who have struggled to contain rising anti-Jewish sentiment as they battle a sectarian insurgency in the north and growing al - Qa'ida - inspired militancy .
An estimated 20 or 30 families living in the northern town of Raida already have relatives living in the UK .
They have been desperately trying to seek sanctuary here amid rising hate attacks , murders and forced conversions by the hostile Shia al - Houthi tribe , which dominates Yemen 's mountainous border with Saudi Arabia .
Assaults against the country 's small Jewish community intensified to such a level last year that the US State Department organised a series of airlifts to evacuate more than 100 Jews with connections to the Yemeni community already living in America .
Until now , Britain has always refused to offer a similar blanket refugee status to those with British relatives .
Many Yemeni families in the UK have subsequently complained that their relatives ' visa requests had been regularly turned down or held up .
But under the terms of the new negotiations , Raida Jews with British connections will be invited to apply for a three - month visitor visa to see their relatives in Britain .
There is still a group of 70 Jews living in the capital Sana 'a under government protection , but they are not included in the negotiations with Britain .
Once out of the country , the Raida Jews will be able to claim refugee status , although each application will still be considered on an individual basis , unlike in the US where all Yemeni Jews are guaranteed asylum .
Spiriting the families out of the country on a visitor visa is important because it frees the Yemeni authorities from embarrassment and allows them to avoid claims that they can no longer protect the country 's Jewish population , who have lived in the Arabian Peninsula for more than 2,000 years .
Foreign
Office officials refused to confirm any deal last night , stating that " purdah " rules governing general elections forbade them from talking about any new policies until after 6 May .
But sources close to the talks say the British embassy in Sana'a has begun informing the Raida Jews of their choices .
" The UK will allow the Raida Jews with UK ties to leave , but it 's important that they do n't officially leave the country as refugees , " said one source , who asked not to be named because he is not authorised to speak about the negotiations .
" They have brokered a deal with the Yemenis and agreed to keep this low profile . "
Another source said : " We have n't signed off on everything quite yet but we 're nearly there . "
The vast majority of the estimated 50 Yemeni Jewish families living in Britain have chosen to settle in Hackney , east London , because their customs are closest to the Charedi ( Ultra - Orthodox ) community who live in the Stamford Hill area .
Many Charedi families , most of whom are Yiddish - speaking Jews who originate from central Europe , have already adopted Yemeni children and sponsored asylum applications .
Eli Low , who has spent more than a decade helping Yemen 's Jews escape persecution , said yesterday : " Community activists are going into fast gear preparing the infrastructure needed to absorb the new arrivals . "
Families are also being encouraged to sponsor any new Yemeni children through schooling when they arrive , he added .
One of my favorite memories of gay and lesbian life was the one time I went to a Gay Pride march in San Francisco , now multiple decades ago .
Among the memorable wonders was a small group who called themselves the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence .
On and off over the decades , I have thought of those drag nuns , rollerskating along the Castro , throwing flowers into the crowd ( and kisses ) and hooting and hollering with the best of them .
Years later , when I co-edited Que(e) rying Religion with Gary David Comstock , I really wanted to have a picture of those nuns on the cover .
To me , they were a vision of the complications of religion and sexuality .
Turns out they are still out there , pushing us all to rethink what religion , nuns , charity , sexuality and fun might be ; in fact , they are now an international phenomenon .
They have , for some , redefined sainthood — and in the process redefined Easter .
Months after Pope Benedict raised the Blessed Damien to sainthood , another figure linked to AIDS and HIV was “ canonized ” in San Francisco .
As the Bay Area Reporter put it : “ Where else but San Francisco could Irene Smith , a true pioneer in care for the ill and dying , be sainted by the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence ? ”
Who is Smith ?
Here ’s what the Bay Area Reporter said :
Smith , who conducts Everflowing educational programs that teach touch skills as an integral component of end of life care , is revered as one of the first people to regularly massage those living with AIDS .
She began her outreach in 1983 , when she started going room to room offering her touch to patients on San Francisco General Hospital ’s Ward 5A ( then the major AIDS ward in the city ) .
Even before that , in April 1982 , she approached the Hospice of San Francisco to propose what was then a novel service , massage for terminally ill hospice clients .
For those who recall the early years of the AIDS / HIV pandemic , and the fear of touching accompanying the devastation , Smith ’s focus on massage ( and thus touch ) was — and is — truly beneficent .
In this season of Easter , even those of us who are secular ( and I count myself among them ) we might still ask : what is sainthood anyway ?
Who exactly raised Irene Smith to sainthood ?
Who are the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence ?
We might ask , as well , is a secular Easter really all that oxymoronic ?
Not only do the Sisters redefine sainthood , but they redefine Easter as well .
This Easter , April 4 , 2010 , they will celebrate their 31st anniversary in Dolores Park in San Francisco — with the traditional Hunky Jesus and Easter bonnet competitions .
Founded in 1979 , the order ’s official history ( a.k.a. “ sistory ” — see this site ) begins with their resistance to conformity within gay culture :
On Easter Weekend , during the time of the “ Castro Clone , ” three men went out into the streets to challenge the world .
They went in full , traditional habits through the streets of our city and down to the nude beach .
One even carried a machine gun and smoked a cigar .
They were met with shock and amazement , but captured everyone ’s interest .
Their next appearance was at a softball game where their pompon routine all but stole the show and by the time the Castro Street Fair had rolled around , they were ready to recruit more .
In the fall of 1979 , Sister Hysterectoria and Reverend Mother went to the first International Faerie gathering and encountered even more men with the calling .
Named the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence in 1980 , the group is much more than the gender - bending , clone - challenging threesome of its origin both in numbers and in intent .
As many living in San Francisco know ( or in the various locations around the globe to which the order has spread ) , the Sisters are a self - described ministerial , charitable and grant awarding organization .
As they explain it , the Sisters are
a leading - edge Order of queer nuns .
Since our first appearance in San Francisco on Easter Sunday , 1979 , the Sisters have devoted ourselves to community service , ministry , and outreach to those on the edges , and to promoting human rights , respect for diversity , and spiritual enlightenment .
We believe all people have a right to express their unique joy and beauty and we use humor and irreverent wit to expose the forces of bigotry , complacency , and guilt that chain the human spirit .
[ emphasis in original ]
Dancing ( dare I say flirting ) along the bleeding edge of outrageousness , the 70 or so Sisters , clad in elaborate makeup and habits of various sorts , are , on the one hand , a quite overt , very campy , send - up of Roman Catholicism , read as mockery ( and even blasphemy ) by many .
Perhaps , equally accurately , the Sisters may be understood as the literalization of what ( decades after the 1979 formation of the Sisters ) Mark D. Jordan has written of as the near - definitive queerness of the Roman Catholic Church .
Combining drag with name choices that are often ( as in the tradition of drag queens ) quite explicitly sexual ( Sister Constant Craving of the Holey Desire , Sister Chastity Boner , and Sister Dinah Might [ If You Ask Her Right ] ) , political ( Sister Ann R. Key ) or quasi - theological ( Sister Shelby Redeemed ) ; both their outfits and their renamings nod toward ( and parody ) that Catholicism that renamed young women Sister Paul , married them to Christ , and bent gender in a variety of other ways .
Easter Bonnet contests , pub crawls , and the Hunky Jesus event on Easter Sunday ritualize the parody — and remind viewers of what Michael Warner depicted ( in his essay “ Tongues Untied : Memoirs of a Pentecostal Boyhood ” ) as the homoeroticism of male passion for Jesus .
And yes , their attendance at Mass , and receiving of communion has been so controversial that in 2007 an archbishop , Archbishop Niederauer , apologized for serving several sisters communion .
But beyond pointing to the centrality of gender and queerness in the Church ’s historic and present homosociality , the Sisters accomplish much more .
They raise funds for a whole raft of causes .
And at least one of their means of fundraising is itself parodically Catholic : Bingo .
Since their founding , they have given away over a million dollars , with recipients ranging from the American Cancer Society to the Gender Anarchy Project or Out4Immigration , from the Princess Diana Memorial Project to the Wisconsin Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice .
All this in the interest of their mission : double entendre - ing their way to a less guilty and more charitable world .
Redefining what counts as Easter .
And , of course , they do name saints .
In addition to their December 2009 celebration of Irene Smith , the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence have canonized such figures as Harry Hay , Armistead Maupin , Harvey Milk , and New Palz Mayor Jason West .
( For a longer list , see here . )
For many , their claims to do so are simply unacceptable — making fun of “ The Church . ”
For others , they are wonderful in their rejection of the “ The Church . ”
Perhaps more accurately , their wonder lies in their refusal of this either / or in favor of a new queer sensibility , a new queer spirituality , a new canon of hope and transformation , and a renewed notion of sainthood .
Not to mention a resurrection of fun across the decades of AIDS and HIV , across communities of color and poverty , of trans and gay , of men and ( though a tiny minority ) women , an Easter bonnet contest redefining us all .
For those in San Francisco , or all the other places around the globe where this movement has sprung up , Happy Easter .
Having thoroughly explored Pandora 's ground - level flora and fauna in Avatar , director James Cameron plans to plumb the distant moon 's watery depths in the sequel .
In the follow - up to his 3 - D sci - fi blockbuster , which is set for DVD release on Thursday , Cameron and his team will go deep , and wet , to conjure a vision of aquatic alien life forms .
" I ’m going to be focusing on the ocean on Pandora , " Cameron told the Los Angeles Times ' Hero Complex blog .
The seas of Pandora " will be equally rich and diverse and crazy and imaginative , but it just wo n’t be a rain forest , " the filmmaker said .
" I ’m not saying we wo n’t see what we ’ve already seen ; we ’ll see more of that as well . "
Cameron 's fascination with oceans stretches back more than two decades .
He developed much of the 3 - D technology used in Avatar while working on his post - Titanic documentary , Ghosts of the Abyss /> , and took moviegoers beneath the sea in the 1989 epic The Abyss .
Cameron also confirmed plans to bring Avatar back to theaters in August in an expanded version that includes six extra minutes of footage .
See Also :
Share
tweet
Wow .
I saw the image on Doobybrain and was just immediately blown away .
I have n’t played the classic learning game Number Munchers since 2nd or 3rd grade .
That ’s a long time ago .
Lucky for me and other nostalgic nerds , someone was kind enough to port the Apple II version to the web for all of us to enjoy .
Need to brush up on your multiplication ?
Let Number Munchers guide the way .
Link [ via ]
Last November along the roadside of Richmond Highway , a major thoroughfare in Fairfax County , Virginia , a police officer shot and killed David Masters , an unarmed motorist , as he sat in the driver 's seat of his car .
Masters , who was bipolar , was wanted for allegedly stealing some flowers from a planter .
He had been given a ticket the day before for running a red light and then evading the police officer , though in a slow and not particularly dangerous manner .
In January of this year , Fairfax County Commonwealth 's Attorney Raymond Morrogh announced through a press release that he would not be filing any charges against the officer who shot Masters .
The shooting , Morrogh found , was justified due to a " furtive gesture " by Masters that suggested he had a weapon .
The only eyewitness to the furtive gesture was the police officer who pulled the trigger .
There exists dash - cam video of Masters ' shooting .
There are also police interviews of other witnesses , and the police report itself .
But the public and the press are as unlikely to see any of those as they are to learn the officer 's name .
That 's because the Fairfax County Police Department — along with the neighboring municipal police departments of Arlington and Alexandria — are among the most secretive , least transparent law enforcement agencies in the country .
And local political leaders do n't seem particularly concerned about it .
Fairfax County has n't charged a police officer for an on - duty shooting in 70 years .
Perhaps that 's because no officer there has ever merited charges through a use of force .
But it could also be because local cops and prosecutors have too cozy a relationship .
The point is , we do n't know .
Fairfax police have cut off inquiry and second - guessing by simply denying public access to any relevant information .
Michael Pope , a reporter who covers Northern Virginia for the Connection Newspapers chain and for the Washington , D.C. , NPR affiliate WAMU , filed a series of open records requests with the Faifax Police Department related to the Masters shooting .
All were denied .
Last month , Pope asked Fairfax County Police Public Information Officer Mary Ann Jennings why her department wo n't at least release the incident report on Master 's death , given concerns raised about the shooting .
" Let us hear that concern , " Jennings shot back .
" We are not hearing it from anybody except the media , except individual reporters . "
That 's an astounding answer .
" Except the media ? "
That 's exactly who you would expect to file most open records requests .
When asked why her department wo n't even release the name of the officer who shot Masters , Jennings got more obtuse .
" What does the name of an officer give the public in terms of information and disclosure ? "
Jennings asked in reply , presumably rhetorically .
" I 'd be curious to know why they want the name of an officer . "
Well for starters , because he 's a government employee , paid and entrusted by taxpayers with the rather serious power to arrest , detain , coerce , and kill .
And he recently used the most serious of those powers on an unarmed man .
Releasing the officer 's name would allow reporters to see if the officer has been involved in other shootings .
Perhaps there have been prior disciplinary measures or citizen complaints against him .
It would allow the media to be sure the Fairfax County Police Department has done an adequate job training him in the use of lethal force .
Of course Jennings knows that journalists — or anyone else for that matter — can't access any of that other information , either .
The default position of the Fairfax County police department , Pope says , is to decline all requests for information .
And not just from the media .
When a member of the county 's SWAT team shot and killed 38 - year - old optometrist Sal Culosi , Jr. in 2006 , it took nearly a year plus legal action to get the agency to release its investigation of the shooting even to Culosi 's family .
Culosi , who had been suspected of wagering on football games with friends , was also unarmed when he was killed .
In a state with comparatively favorable open records laws ( the professional journalism association Investigative Reporters and Editors ranks Virginia the fifth most transparent in the country ) , the police departments in Fairfax , Arlington , and Alexandria have managed get away with interpreting that law in a way that allows them to remain almost completely opaque .
" Part of my daily routine when I worked in Florida was to drive to the police station and get a copy of the previous day 's incident reports , " Pope told me in a phone interview .
" I was just dumbfounded when I started working in Virginia .
They rejected all of them . "
The police agencies even rejected requests for incident reports about arrests for which the same department had put out a press release .
Pope wrote a remarkable article last month for Northern Virginia 's Connections Newspapers detailing the police blackout , quoting a number of local public officials whose definition of oversight is apparently no more than " how tall people view the world . "
" I do n't think we have to justify it , " Alexandria Police Chief Earl Cook told Pope of his department 's refusal to release information .
" A lot of things can be said about transparency , that does n't make it effective . "
Invoking a phrase traditionally used to refer to government censorship ( apparently without irony ) , Fairfax 's Jennings told Pope that releasing police reports to the press would have a " chilling effect " on victims and witnesses coming forward to report crimes , though as Pope noted in another piece for WAMU , that does n't appear to be the case in nearly every other police department in the country .
When Pope asked Jennings what evidence she has to support her theory , she replied , " I do n't know if there 's evidence or not .
All I have is what our investigators and what our commanders and the police administration believe . "
Do n't look to elected officials to correct any of this , either .
" I am in the corner of trusting our police department , " Arlington County Board member Barbara Favola told Pope .
" If they push back I am not going to override them , and I do n't think I could get three votes on the board to override them either . "
And then there 's Alexandria Commonwealth Attorney Randolph Sengel , who fired off an indignant letter to the editor in response to Pope 's article .
Calling Pope 's well - reported piece a " rant " that was " thinly disguised as a news story , " Sengel wrote that " Law enforcement investigations and prosecutions are not carried out for the primary purpose of providing fodder for his paper . "
Mocking the media 's role as a watchdog for government officials , Sengel added , " The sacred ' right of the public to know ' is still ( barely ) governed by standards of reasonableness and civility , " as if those two adjectives were incompatible with a journalist inquiring about the details of a govenrment agent 's fatal shooting of an unarmed man .
Sengel 's concluding graph is worth excerpting at length to give a better feel for a certain type of official contempt for disclosure :
The most offensive theme of this article is the notion that law enforcement agencies decline to release these reports to protect their own , or to conceal corrupt behavior …
Believe it or not , the reporter and his colleagues are not the last true guardians of truth and justice , the attainment of which does not hang on unfettered exercise of journalistic zeal .
Last time I checked there were multiple safeguards in place to assure the integrity of the criminal justice system .
Conscientious and dedicated judges , prosecutors , public defenders , and law enforcement officers work in a system which is as transparent as it needs to be , constrained by reasonable and appropriate limitations which are there for the greater good , not for purposes of playing hide the ball .
These are remarkably wrongheaded sentiments to come from an elected prosecutor .
There are ample stories in recent headlines of police reports that have n't lined up with video evidence , or where police reports have been shown to be not merely inaccurate , but falsified .
There are plenty more examples where journalists or advocacy groups have shed light on bogus arrests , police cover-ups , on - duty cops lacking training and certification , and wrongful convictions after accessing public records .
Sengel seems miffed at the very idea that a lowly journalist might be looking over his shoulder , or over those of the gun-carrying police officers who bring him the people he prosecutes .
Sengel 's attitude , and those of other public servants in Alexandria , Arlington , and Fairfax County appears to be just trust us .
Sorry .
If you 're a government official carrying the awesome power to take away a citizen 's freedom — to detain , injure , or kill — the public you serve deserves a hell of a lot better than that .
Radley Balko is a Senior Editor for Reason .
NASA 's Mini-SAR instrument , which flew aboard India 's Chandrayaan - 1 spacecraft , found more than 40 small craters with water ice .
The craters range in size from 1 to 9 miles ( 2 to 15 km ) in diameter .
Although the total amount of ice depends on its thickness in each crater , it 's estimated there could be at least 600 million metric tons of water ice .
The red circles denote fresh craters ; the green circle mark anomalous craters .
Thisstory was updated at 6:39 p.m. ET .
Vastpockets of water ice numbering in the millions of tons have been discovered atthe north pole of the moon , opening up another region of the lunar surface forpotential exploration by astronauts and unmanned probes , NASA announced Monday .
ANASA radar instrument on an Indian moon probe found evidence of at least 600 million metric tons of water ice spread out on the bottom of craters at thelunar north pole .
It is yet another supply of lunar water ice , a vital resourcethat could be mined to produce oxygen or rocket fuel to support a futuremoon base , NASA officials said .
Morethan 40 craters ranging from 1 mile ( 2 km ) to 9 miles ( 15 km ) wide were foundharboring the water ice , which was detected using NASA ?s Mini-SAR radarinstrument on India ?s Chandrayaan - 1 lunar orbiter .
The instrument is also knownas Mini-RF in NASA parlance .
" Afteranalyzing the data , our science team determined a strong indication of waterice , a finding which will give future missions a new target to further exploreand exploit , " said Jason Crusan , program executive for the Mini-RF Programfor NASA 's space operations program in Washington , D.C. , in a statement .
Water , water everywhere
Theice was discovered in permanently shadowed craters at the moon ?s north pole .
Similar conditions of perpetual night exist at the moon ? s south pole as well , where water ice was also confirmed to be present last year .
Because theseregions never see sunlight , water can stay in its frozen form indefinitely .
LastSeptember , NASA and other scientists confirmed without a doubt the existence ofwater ice at the moon ? s south pole , as well as signals of water moleculesacross large areas of the lunar surface .
Several spacecraft , including India ?
sChandrayaan - 1 probe that carried the radar instrument used for the newfindings , found hard evidence of wateron the moon .
InOctober , NASA crashed two impactor probes into the lunar south pole in anattempt to kick up clouds of water ice and measure it from an orbitingspacecraft and other space and ground - based observatories .
The subsequentanalysis turned up significantamounts of water and water vapor in the debris cloud , NASA scientists said .
" Theemerging picture from the multiple measurements and resulting data of theinstruments on lunar missions indicates that water creation , migration , deposition and retention are occurring on the moon , " said Paul Spudis , principal investigator of the Mini- SAR experiment at the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston , in a statement .
" The new discoveries show the moonis an even more interesting and attractive scientific , exploration andoperational destination than people had previously thought . "
The research will be detailed in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
Willastronauts go ?
Waterice is a tantalizing find anywhere on the moon because it can serve as a naturalresource for astronauts on future lunar landing missions .
The ice could bemelted into drinking water or be separated into its component oxygen andhydrogen to provide breathing air and rocket fuel , NASA officials have said inthe past .
NASAhad planned to send astronauts on new lunar landing missions by 2020 as part ofits Constellation program .
The program was building the new Altair moonlanders , as well as the Orion spacecraft and Ares rockets needed to launch ferrythem to lunar surface , but experts said it was extremely underfunded and behind schedule .
Lastmonth , President Barack Obama ordered NASA to cancel the Constellation programand focus on using commercial spacecraft to launch American astronauts to orbitinstead .
The move is aimed at freeing up NASA to concentrate on more loftyexploration missions , such as returning to the moon or sending astronauts tovisit an asteroid , stable regions in space called Lagrange points or the moonsof Mars .
NASAchief Charles Bolden told members of the U.S. Senate and Congress last weekthat Mars is expected to be the ultimate destination for astronauts .
But themoon , he said , is still a good interim target to serve as a steppingstone for more distant space exploration goals .
Chandrayaan -1?sMini-SAR radar was one of two instruments involving NASA on India ?
sChandrayan - 1 spacecraft .
The probe also carried the Moon Mineralogy Mapper forNASA .
A version of Mini-SAR , called Mini-RF , is riding on NASA ?s LunarReconnaissance Orbiter .
Indialaunched Chandrayaan - 1 probe in October 2008 and carried 11 instruments toobserve the moon from lunar orbit .
It was India ?s first moon probe and carriedan impactor probe that it unleashed in November 2008 .
The spacecraft wentoffline in late August 2009 after an abrupt malfunction cut off communicationswith Earth .
Indiais planning a successor to Chandrayaan - 1 , dubbed Chandrayaan - 2 .
The nameChandrayaan means ? moon craft ? in Sanskrit .
Thenew Chandrayaan - 2 mission is slated to launch in 2013 , according to Indian newsreports .
WC Game Four : Canada 12 , Norway 1
Usually I write a more balanced report about the whole of Team Canada , but this is after all an Oiler blog , and today the young Oiler prospect really was the story .
I spent much of what was an otherwise desultory game isolating on the youngster , and was very pleased with what I saw .
The games were supposed to get tougher in the Qualifying Round , but after a Preliminary Round in which no team scored more than 6 goals in a game or 12 goals in all , Canada exploded for a dozen in today 's game alone , thrashing disorganized , undisciplined Norway by a 12 - 1 count .
Score by period :
CAN ....... 1 - 7-4 = 12
NOR ....... 1-0-0 = 1
Shots by period
CAN .......
12-16-16 = 44
NOR ........ 7 - 5 - 7 = 19
What could have caused such an eruption ?
Start with the insertion of Jordan Eberle into the line - up .
The former World Junior hero made his World Senior debut a day before his 20th birthday , and wasted no time establishing himself as a major offensive threat , scoring 1 - 4 - 5 , +3 , and copping Player of the Game honours in his first game .
Sure it was Norway and it was a blowout , but the kid did everything one might possibly hope for and more .
His line with Rich Peverley and Evander Kane was effective right from the start .
Starting the game on the fourth shift , they finished 1 - 2 - 3 among Canadian forwards in ice time , including 16:29 for Eberlehimself on 21 shifts .
They dominated at even strength , and when Norway started to fall apart late in the second , took it to them on the powerplay as well .
Eberle was ensconced by Craig MacTavish on the first unit right from the start , and made the most of the golden opportunity .
PiM by period :
CAN ...... 4 - 4 - 0 = 8
NOR ..... 0 - 31 - 0 = 31
What a sight for Canadian and / or Oiler fans .
All hands in the broadcast - Dave Randorf , Mike Johnson , Rob Black , Dave Reid , Eberle 's linemates ( who they interviewed ) could n't stop raving about the guy .
To add my voice to the chorus , I was totally impressed with Eberle 's all - around game , his positioning both with and without the puck , his ability to slip a check , his soft hands , his ability to draw the defender toward him and then make his play , his ability to recognize and exploit the danger zone , his scorer 's sense of timing ... all I can say is wow , this is one smart player .
I have been excited about his potential all along , but today 's display was an unexpectedly giant boost in the positive direction .
It was n't as if everything he touched happened to wind up in the net , in the end he scored on just one of his team - leading 6 official shots .
Indeed one of Eberle 's first touches was to deposit a rebound only to have the apparent goal disallowed for a crease violation .
What seemed like a bit of a cruel blow merely delayed the inevitable .
Eberle was on the ice for 6 Canadian goals , and played a significant role in each of them .
I 'll describe each after the break because collectively they give a taste of what this guy is about .
via cdn.picapp.com
1:1 - Kane ( Staal ) EQ , 13:09 - Canada fell behind very early and looked sloppy and disorganized .
It was n't until the 13 - minute mark that they solved Norwegian netminder Ruben Smith , filling in for the suspended Pal " Greatness " Grotnes .
Eberle made a solid play in the neutral zone , taking the pass on the rush , drawing in the defender , making a sharp feed through to Kane .
The play took a few seconds to unfold from there before Kane finally cashed Marc Staal 's rebound .
3:1 - Giordano ( Duchene , Eberle ) EQ , 33:12 - Eberle notched his first point on another fine play in the neutral zone during a line change .
As the Norsemen were breaking out , Jordan dropped back into coverage , anticipated the breakout pass , and picked it off .
Again he held it for a split second , drawing in a defender before banking a beauty soft pass off the boards to catch Matt Duchene flying up the wing in an onside position .
Duchene raced in and fed Marc Giordano for the finish .
5:1 - Peverley ( Kane , Eberle ) EQ , 37:27 - Another strong play without the puck as Eberle came back deep into his own zone , bowled over a Norwegian forechecker , then fished the puck out of the corner with a soft backhand pass to a breaking Kane .
From there Peverley completed the rush withanabsolute bullet wrist shot that tore past Smith .
Perhaps a professional coach might frown on that pass from a risk / reward perspective , but Eberle executed it perfectly and for the second straight goal turned defence into instant offence .
7:1 - Whitney ( Burns , Eberle ) PP2 , 39:06 - A fairly routine play with the two - man advantage , Eberle showed nice patience in the left wing circle , trying to take the play into the slot but not forcing it , taking it back outside and back to the point where Brent Burns and Ray Whitney looked after the rest .
( Edit May 15 :
It would seem this assist was awarded but then taken away .
Eberle was third man on the play and would have got a point in the NHL , but because the play went Eberle - Whitney - Burns - Whitney again , only one assist was awarded .
So Eberle 's final count for the game was " just " 1 - 3 - 4 . )
8:1 - Kane ( Eberle , Peverley ) PP1 , 39:48 - Same powerplay ( the result of a bonehead major and game misconduct charged to Norse captain Tommy Jakobsen for bumping the official ) , just a one - man advantage as Eberle tried to slip a feed across the goal mouth to Kane on the far post .
The first try did n't work , was deflected behind the net , but Eberle was aggressively involved in the recovery , regaining control of the play before making the exact same pass across , this time finding Kane 's tape for the finish .
9:1 - Eberle ( Peverley ) PP1 , 40:39 - By now Eberle had a disallowed goal , a " third assist " , then three secondary assists , and finally a primary assist .
There was only one thing left to do .
Still on the same powerplay , now early in the third , Eberle and Peverley played give and go , eventually springing Jordan to walk in to the edge of the crease .
As the goalie and defence reacted poorly , he showed patience in holding the puck , moving it into a better shooting angle , and popping one low to the far side .
he wo n't score many in the NHL like that because the defences , PK units , and goalies are a tad less porous than disspirited Norway's , this was just another indication of Eberle 's willingness and ability to take what is there .
The guy 's panic point is somewhere near zero , or at least it was today .
That 's three four assists in one period , a Canadian record , and three four points in just 3:21 at one point .
We always have to remember , this was Norway after all .
But of the Canadians who collectively dominated the Norsemen , Jordan Eberle stood out as the best .
An easy choice for player of the Game , even with Tavares notching a bizarrely easy hat trick .
Jordan was all anybody could talk about .
Including me . :)
The less said about the rest of this game , the better .
Norway played well for about 15 minutes but that was all the short - staffed , short - tempered vikings could offer .
Patrick Thoresen and Mats Zuccarello Aasen had occasional moments , but the tide was coming in and it was riding high .
* * *
In other Canada / Oiler news , the third goaltender was announced as Devan Dubnyk !
Was n't expecting that .
As I said yesterday :
A strong possibility is that with the previously - rumoured Carey Price stuck in Montreal ;) , Messier may simply dip into the larger talent pool that has been there all along .
It is difficult to imagine that any Oilers would be targeted under any but the most dire of circumstances .
I was right about the first part , I guess , and I can only hope I am wrong about the last .
But surely this establishes Chris Mason as the Number One and Only .
Still , a nice plum for DD , let 's hope he gets a little game action and has a positive experience .
In other Oiler news , Magnus Pääjärvi-Svensson scored a goal and an assist to lead Sweden to a 4 - 2 win over Latvia .
MPS is in the top 5 scorers of the tourney , while Eberle has already slipped into the top 10 .
And in other Canadian news , the team added its last skater , promising Mason Raymond of Vancouver .
Once he's here and assuming Steven Stamkos ( mild concussion symptoms ) returns to the line - up , it 'll be interesting to see who comes out .
Somehow I do n't think it will be the " replacement player " Jordan Eberle !
* * *
Official game sheet
* * *
Next up : Sweden , Sunday May 16 @ 12:15 MDT
Astronomers have found the most distant galaxy cluster ever seen : the sexily - named SXDF - XCLJ0218-0510 .
First , the picture , then the words :
Yikes !
What 's all that then ?
Okay , first , this picture is littered with stars and galaxies .
The galaxies are so far away they 're hard to distinguish from the stars !
The dots that have arrows pointing to them are the galaxies that are most likely part of the cluster .
The ones with circles have had their distance measured and are known to be part of the cluster for sure .
The contour lines represent the detection of very hot gas , which is a dead giveaway that we 're dealing with a cluster here ; all big clusters have gas swirling around them that gives off X - rays ; the lines are like a topographic map telling you where the ( otherwise invisible ) gas is in the picture .
" So what ? " , you might say .
We 've seen lots of clusters before .
Ah , but this one is different : it 's a whopping 9.6 billion light years away .
Billion .
With a B .
Studying clusters is important because it tells us a lot about the environment in which galaxies form .
When we 're trying to figure out the overall structure of the Universe -- and it's incredible to me that we can even think about doing such a thing -- clusters are the single biggest component .
Understanding them means understanding the Universe itself .
But there 's more .
Because clusters are so big and bright , they can be seen really far away .
In space , distance means time ; the farther away we see an object , the younger the Universe was when the light left that object .
In the case of this newly found cluster , the light we see left it 9.6 billion years ago -- making it 400 million light years farther away than the next - most distant cluster ever seen .
The Universe itself is only 13.7 billion years old , so we 're seeing this structure as it was not too long after it formed .
And that 's the key issue .
Clusters are so big that they take quite a bit of time to form .
But how long ?
We 're not sure .
We 're not sure exactly how long galaxies take to be born either .
So every time we see one farther away we push back the time it takes to form them .
Think of it this way : if it takes , say , 5 billion years to form a cluster , then we would n't see any more than 13.7 - 5 = 8.7 billion light years away .
This one is 9.6 billion , so we know that clusters cannot take more than 13.7 - 9.6 = 4.1 billion years to form .
In reality they probably take quite a bit less time .
Observations like this one will help us understand just how much less .
The reason this is important is because we do n't know the exact timeline of the Universe after the Big Bang .
We know when it happened , and we know when the first stars formed , but it 's hard to say when the first galaxies and clusters of galaxies started to come together .
Most likely that was n't a firm time , but it was spread out over hundreds of millions or billions of years .
But the more we see , the better we can figure that out .
As it happens , the colors of the galaxies in this image give a clue as to how old they are : young stars are blue , and old stars are red , so by looking carefully at the mix the age of the galaxies can be estimated .
The galaxies in this cluster look like they formed around 11.5 billion years ago , making them already a couple of billion years old when they emitted the light we see in the picture .
Another interesting thing : you can't really tell from this image , but in the original data it looks like there are actually two clusters here at about the same distance .
One of them has that hot gas , but the other is more indistinct and the detection of gas is n't as strong .
It 's entirely possible that this other cluster is n't quite fully formed yet .
If that 's so , then that means astronomers are able to detect clusters so far away that we can now actually see them forming .
The more of those we find , the better our understanding will be of just how these enormous structures came to be .
Looking at distant clusters also tells us about the early universe .
You can't build a skyscraper unless the ground can support it , and you can't build a galaxy cluster unless the Universe has the right conditions for it .
The Universe was different 10 billion years ago : smaller , denser , warmer .
All of these are important parameters when you 're building something like a cluster .
So by examining the edifice we can understand the environment it sits in .
In this case , the building is a thousand galaxies each with a hundred billion suns , and the environment is the cosmos itself .
It 's an architectural study written across the entire sky !
And every detail gets us that much closer to understanding how everything -- literally -- came to be .
Image credit : Subaru / XMM
Texas Town Installs a Monster Battery for Backup Power
The sodium sulfur battery is the largest of its type
Home On Iteration On Iteration , by Andrei Alexandrescu .
Lisp pioneered forward iteration using singly - linked lists .
Later object - oriented container designs often used the Iterator design pattern to offer sequential access using iterators .
Though iterators are safe and sensible , their interface prevents definition of flexible , general , and efficient container - independent algorithms .
For example , you can't reasonably expect to sort , organize as a binary heap , or even reverse a container by just using its Iterator .
At about the same time , C++'s Standard Template Library ( STL ) defines its own conceptual hierarchy of iterators and shows that container - independent algorithms are possible using that hierarchy .
However , STL iterators are marred by lack of safety , difficulty of usage , difficulty of definition , and a very close relationship to C++ that limits adoption by other languages .
I propose an API that combines the advantages of Iterator and STL , and I bring evidence that the proposed abstraction is sensible by implementing a superset of STL 's algorithms in the D language 's standard library .
Previously : Iterators Must Go. Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
There have been some interesting developments on the subject of which countries are preventing the release of their raw temperature data .
You may remember that the Select Committee inquiry into CRU were told that several countries , among them Sweden , Canada and Poland , were refusing to allow him to publish these figures .
Anthony Watts is now reporting a press release by a Swedish pressure group called the Stockholm Initiative , who have obtained the correspondence between Jones and the Swedish Met Office , SMHI .
The suggestion is that SMHI were n't in fact preventing release at all , but there has been a very long thread at Climate Audit where several people have disputed this .
This posting is my attempt to make sense of it all .
In the weeks after Climategate , Jones wrote a letter to SMHI asking them for permission to release some data :
Given the importance of the global surface temperature series , we would like to make the underpinning data more widely available .
CRU therefore requests your permission to release the underlying monthly mean temperature station records we hold - which for some stations go back to the 19th century ...
We stress that the data we hold has arisen from multiple sources , and has been recovered over the last 30 years .
Subsequent quality control and homogenisation of these data have been carried out .
It is therefore highly likely that the version we hold and are requesting permission to distribute will differ from your own current holdings .
What seems clear from this is that what Jones wanted to release
had not all been derived from SMHI in the first place ( " arisen from multiple sources " )
had been adjusted ( " quality control and homogenisation " ) .
This clearly concerned SMHI , who refused permission for CRU to publish this adjusted data on the grounds " that the version of the data from the SMHI stations that you hold are likely to differ from the data we hold " .
This refusal was then reported to the parliamentary inquiry into CRU .
The relevant quote is this one from UEA vice - chancellor Edward Acton :
Professor Acton : Unfortunately , several of these countries impose conditions and say you are not allowed to pass it on , so there has just been an attempt to get these answers .
Seven countries have said " No , you cannot " , half the countries have not yet answered , Canada and Poland are amongst those who have said , " No you cannot publish it " and also Sweden .
Russia is very hesitant .
We are under a commercial promise , as it were , not to ; we are longing to publish it because what science needs is the most openness .
However , among the papers released by the Stockholm Institute is a more recent letter , [ update : dating from after the hearings ] in which SMHI object to this characterisation :
It has never been our intention to withhold any data but we feel that it is paramount that data that has undergone , for instance , homogenisation by anyone other than SMHI is not presented as SMHI data .
We see no problem with publication of the data set together with a reference stating that the data included in the dataset is based on observations made by SMHI but it has undergone processing made by your research unit .
We would also prefer a link to SMHI or to our web site where the original data can be obtained .
Questions are being raised over the probity of the behaviour of Jones and Acton as revealed by these letters and I will try to make sense of these here .
It seems clear to me that Jones does not actually require permission from SMHI to release the adjusted data .
This , by his own admission , is different to what SMHI holds and there can therefore be no issues of intellectual property .
In this light , the refusal by SMHI looks odd , because it was not their place to prevent release of Jones ' adjusted data .
The question then becomes whether the UEA statements to the Parliamentary inquiry were reasonable .
They indeed had a refusal from the Swedes , but this did n't relate to the data that everyone wanted to see - the raw data as used .
We might note that it is not clear from the transcript which data is being discussed by the committee , although the exchange is in the context of a discussion of replication of findings , when the only relevant data is the raw data as used .
I would therefore suggest that it was misleading of UEA to present SMHI 's refusal as a barrier to making the data public .
Of course , later on , we can see that SMHI 's refusual was in fact no such thing anyway .
Having being asked for permission to release , SMHI felt they were being asked to endorse Jones ' adjusted figures .
Quite properly , they refused .
It is clear that they had no objection to Jones releasing his adjusted data provided he made it clear that it was just that : adjusted .
But to reiterate , this is a red herring .
What is required is the raw data as used .
This does n't look good to me .
Washington incumbents woefully out of step in dismissing anti-establishment politicians
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Wednesday , May 19th , 2010
Commenting on Rand Paul ’s historic victory in the Kentucky primary , the Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine called the would be Senator an “ extreme candidate ” , while other Democrats suggested Paul would be an easy target for them in the November general election .
While Kaine was happy to note that the result was a “ stunning loss ” and a “ show of weakness ” for the GOP establishment in the form of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and the hand picked candidate , Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson , the DNC head also took the opportunity to slur Rand Paul ’s anti-establishment credentials .
“ Unfortunately for Republicans , ordinary Americans are unlikely to be receptive to extreme candidates like Rand Paul in the general election this November , ” Kaine said in a statement .
“ Rand Paul ’s positions fail to resonate beyond the far - right Republican segment of the electorate that supported him tonight , ” Kaine also stated .
Chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , Sen. Robert Menendez , echoed Kaine ’s sentiments by stating that he believes Paul is an easier opponent to defeat in the general election .
“ Rand Paul would abolish the Department of Education , would disband the Federal Reserve , and would end farm subsidies for Kentucky ’s farmers , ” Menendez said in a statement .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Paul responded in typical fashion by defying his critics and sticking steadfast to his principals .
“ People are already saying now you need to weave and dodge , now you need to switch , ” Paul said in his victory speech .
“ Now you need to give up your conservative message .
You need to become a moderate .
You need to give up the tea party . …
The tea party message is not a radical message .
It ’s not an extreme message .
What is extreme is a $ 2 trillion deficit . ”
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R. , S.C ) , a prominent fiscal conservative who endorsed Paul , said that “ The Washington establishment threw everything they had at him and yet he prevailed . ”
DeMint said Paul ’s victory represented an “ American awakening ” and predicted that voters would send more fiscal conservatives to Washington this year .
Paul also repudiated claims that his anti-establishment position represents a fatal division in Republican ranks in Kentucky .
“ We ’re going to unify .
I ’m going to meet with Senator McConnell on Saturday .
We ’ve been talking , actually , for weeks now about unifying .
I ’ve been talking with the Republican party structure , and I think we will be unified going in to the fall , ” Paul told CBS
Both McConnell and Grayson also rallied round Paul .
“ Now Kentucky Republicans will unite in standing against the overreaching policies of the Obama administration , ” McConnell said Tuesday evening .
“ We are spiraling further into unsustainable debt and Kentucky needs Rand Paul in the U.S. Senate because he will work every day to stop this crippling agenda . ”
“ We ’ll be standing side by side on Saturday at the unity rally , ” Grayson said , referring to an upcoming Republican rally in Frankfort .
Paul noted that in addition to unified GOP support , the attraction his position offers to independent voters puts him in a strong position going into the race for the Senate .
“ I say , bring it on , and please , please bring President Obama to Kentucky .
We ’d love for him to campaign down here … .
The Democrats will have to run away from President Obama if they are to have any chance down here . ”
Paul added .
Watch the video :
Rand Paul ’s opponent for the Senate seat , state Attorney General Jack Conway , who has been described as a rubber stamp for President Obama , also hit out at Paul ’s anti-establishment position using somewhat inflammatory language .
“ We have a fundamental decision to make in this most important of Senate races , ” Conway said .
“ Are we going to use that passion to heat the building ?
Or are we going to use that passion to burn it down ? ”
Washington incumbents are displaying just how ignorant they are of the feelings of American voters by rounding on independent , anti-establishment and tea party candidates .
They are beyond foolish if they still truly believe that candidates such as Rand Paul represent a fringe minority .
Multiple recent national scientific polls indicate that the portrayal of the tea party / the libertarian movement / the freedom movement – call it what you will – as a lunatic right wing fringe group is a complete fallacy .
The American people have woken up to the false left - right political paradigm and the woes of the two party state .
They also now crucially realise that in addition to operating outside that system , they can also use it to their advantage by advancing anti-establishment candidates within it .
If it is the objective of the establishment to continue to play the lunatic fringe card , even in the face of the huge victories of Rand Paul and others , then he and those like him will effectively waltz their way into Washington .
Rand ’s father , Texas Congressman Ron Paul , said the outcome signaled that “ the country is shifting in our direction . ” adding that establishment Republicans and Democrats “ ought to pay close attention to the grass roots . ”
This article was posted : Wednesday , May 19 , 2010 at 9:54 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
By Leo Babauta
I ’ve been finding more and more that the Buddha had it right : pretty much all of our struggles , from frustrations to anxiety , from anger to sadness , from grief to worry , all stem from the same thing …
The struggles come from being too tightly attached to something .
When we ’re worried , we are tightly attached to how we want things to be , rather than relaxing into accepting whatever might happen when we put forth our best effort .
When we ’re frustrated with someone , it ’s because we ’re attached to how we want them to be , rather than accepting them as the wonderful flawed human they are .
When we procrastinate , we are attached to things being easy and comfortable ( like distractions ) rather than accepting that to do something important , we have to push into discomfort .
And so on .
OK , if you ’re ready to accept that being too attached , clinging too tightly , is the cause of our struggles … then the answer is simple , right ?
Just loosen the attachments .
Just let go .
Easier said than done .
Any of us who have tried to let go of attachments knows that it ’s not so easy in practice .
When our minds are clinging tightly , we do n’t want to let go .
We really , really want things our way .
So what ’s the answer , then ?
In this short guide , we ’ll look at a few practices to help with this .
Letting Go Practices
We can help dissolve these attachments with a few different practices :
Meditation .
Meditation is simply sitting still and trying to pay attention to the present moment — whether that ’s your breath , your body , or what ’s around you right now .
What you ’ll find is that your mind runs away from the present moment , attaching to worries about the future , planning , remembering things in the past .
In meditation , you practice letting go of these mini attachments , by noticing what your mind is doing and letting go , returning to the present moment .
This happens again and again , and so you get good at it .
It ’s like muscle memory after doing it hundreds , thousands of times .
You learn that whatever you were attached to is simply a story , a narrative , a dream .
It ’s not so heavy , just a bit of cloud that can be blown away by a breeze .
Compassion .
In this meditation , you wish for an end to your suffering , or an end to the suffering of others .
What happens is that this wish transforms you from being stuck in your attachment , to finding a warm heart to melt the attachment and find a way to ease it .
You become bigger than your story , when you wish for your own suffering to end .
And when you wish for others ’ suffering to end , you connect yourself to them , see that your suffering is the same as theirs , understand that you ’re in this together .
What happens is that your attachments and story become less important , not such a big deal , as you connect with others in this way .
Interdependence .
Try meditating not only on the wish for the suffering of others ( and yourself ) to end , but for others to be happy .
All others , whether you like them or not .
Again , through doing this , you start to see that you ’re all connected in your suffering , and in your desire to be happy .
You are not so separate from them .
You ’re not separate , but interdependence .
This connection with others helps you to be less attached and more at ease with life .
Accepting .
At the heart of things , attachment is about not wanting things to be the way they are .
You want something different .
That ’s because there ’s something about the present moment , about the person in front of you , about yourself , that you do n’t like .
By meditating , practicing compassion and interdependence , you can start to trust that things are OK just as they are .
They might not be “ ideal , ” but they are just fine .
Beautiful even .
And you start to become more aware of your continual rejection of the present moment , and open up to the actuality of this moment instead .
Over and over , this is the practice , opening and investigating the moment with curiosity , accepting it as it is .
Expansiveness .
All of these practices result in a more expansive mind , that is not so narrowly focused on its little story of how things should be , not so focused on its small desires and aversions , but can see those as part of a bigger picture .
The mind can hold these little desires , and much more .
It ’s a wide open space , like a deep blue ocean or dreamy blue sky , and the little attachments are just a part of it , but it can also see the suffering of others and their attachments , it can see the present moment in all its flawed glorious beauty , and be present with all of this at once .
Practice this expansiveness right now .
The Zen Habits Method
The way to deal with attachments is n’t simple , and it takes practice .
Meditate daily , focusing on the breath for a couple of minutes every morning .
See your suffering and your story and attachments , as you meditate .
See this after meditation as well .
After a few weeks , add compassion meditation .
Wish for your suffering to end , then expand it to others in your life , then to all living beings .
Learn to see your interconnectedness with others , and practice acceptance of the present moment exactly as it is , in little doses .
Small steps .
Practice expanding your mind to include these things and all other things in the present moment .
Then , when a difficult attachment arises in your daily life , see the suffering , see the attachment , and expand your mind beyond it , giving yourself compassion while seeing that you are bigger than this attachment .
Let it be there like a little cloud , floating around in the wide expanse of your mind , and then lightly let it float away , rather than sinking yourself into it .
With practice , this method can result in contentment with the present , awesome relationships , and less procrastination and distraction .
Mindfulness for Beginner ’s ebook
If you ’d like help with mindfulness , check out my new Zen Habits Beginner ’s Guide to Mindfulness short ebook .
OTTAWA – Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s government has given Ontario two surprise gifts – 18 additional members of Parliament and an admission that the province was badly treated in previous attempts to overhaul the Commons .
Many of the new MPs will likely be in the GTA , particularly in the suburbs , where Conservatives have been keen to form a strong base in Ontario .
In legislation unveiled on Thursday by Steven Fletcher , Minister of State of Democratic Reform , Ontario was given 18 additional seats – nearly double the 10 that were offered the last time the federal government tried to adjust representation in the Commons .
“ Canadians living in Ontario were saying they were being treated differently than Canadians in other faster - growing provinces , ” Fletcher said .
“ We reflected on that and it turns out that there was a case to be made . ”
British Columbia has been given seven new seats and Alberta five additional MPs , in further recognition of the need for the fastest - growing provinces to be better served in Parliament .
That ’s a gain of 30 seats overall in the Commons , bringing the total up to 338 MPs .
The added clout for regions , in particular the Greater Toronto Area and Ontario , which are more known as Liberal strongholds , raises questions about why the Conservatives would want to hand their opponents added strength .
But much will depend , says Liberal MP Dominic LeBlanc , on how the new electoral map is drawn .
“ I certainly do n’t think Mr. Harper is Mr. Popularity in Ontario , ” LeBlanc said .
“ But if Steven Fletcher and some … fundraisers and pollsters are allocating the seats , it will be a lot less legitimate . ”
LeBlanc also quipped that Harper has to do more than add seats to Parliament to show his regard for it .
“ Mr. Fletcher can keep adding seats to the House of Commons , but if his boss keeps shutting it down , it just creates longer lineups at Ottawa airport when everybody ’s scrambling to get out of town . ”
The new riding boundaries , however , wo n’t be drawn until 2011 and are unlikely to come into force until at least 2012 , which means that there will probably be at least one election before the expansion of the battlegrounds in Ontario , B.C. and Alberta .
At Queen ’s Park , Ontario Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Monique Smith , who learned of the proposed changes from reporters in a scrum , said “ on first blush it ’s looking like it ’s fair . ”
“ But we do want to look at how the numbers roll out province by province before we determine whether or not we are getting our proportional fair share on a national level , ” Smith said .
“ Originally , we were looking for a total of 127 ( federal seats , up from 106 ) ; this brings us to a total of 125 , so we think it ’s in the range , ” she said .
Fletcher says he hopes the opposition parties will endorse the bill .
LeBlanc called it “ a much better effort ” than the last bill , which drew anger from the Liberal caucus especially because so much of its caucus comes from Ontario , especially the GTA .
Last month , the Mowat Centre in Ontario released a study showing that Canada was one of the worst countries in living up to the principles of representation by population .
It found that 61 per cent of Canadians were actually under- represented in the Commons , particularly visible - minority communities in large urban centres .
“ Canadians deserve better .
Our government deeply believes that each vote in Canadian elections should carry equal weight to the greatest extent possible , ” Fletcher told reporters .
Matthew Mendelsohn , author of the Mowat Centre ’s report , said Thursday that the new legislation almost completely replies to the concerns raised in their findings .
He says that the new force of Ontario , B.C. and Alberta could have interesting implications for politics in Canada – affecting the delicate urban - rural balance , especially .
“ I do think the politics of Canada has overemphasized the concerns of smaller regional populations , because they had more voting power , ” Mendelsohn said .
“ But now governments have to pay attention to the concerns of those voters ( in the strengthened provinces ) in a fairer and more proportional way . ”
Fletcher would n’t be drawn into questions about why only 10 new seats were offered in 2007 , saying only that it was an improvement over the mere four originally envisioned in the overhaul .
The new figure of 18 was obtained when the Harper government simply decided to throw out the old formula for determining Commons expansion – devised in 1985 – and come up with a whole new way of adding numbers to the chamber to reflect the growing population .
Pure representation by population is almost impossible in Canada because the Constitution guarantees that no province can have fewer MPs than it has senators .
That means Prince Edward Island , with about 141,000 people , is assured of four MPs — or one for every 35,000 people .
If that ratio were accepted nationally , it would require more than 970 MPs .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The controversy surrounding this new bill may come from Quebec , which will lose proportional clout as Ontario , B.C. and Alberta gain strength in the Commons .
Fletcher insisted that Quebec ’s seats are protected and that Quebec ’s citizens actually will still have a relative advantage over many other provinces in terms of voters per riding .
Mendelsohn says Quebec ’s reduced proportion is inevitable for the plain reason that the province ’s population is shrinking , relative to other provinces .
Fletcher said he ’s not worried about criticism about growing the size of Parliament , arguing that citizens care about fair democratic representation .
Nor is he concerned about the difficulties of squeezing more MPs into an already crowded Commons , saying he ’s been told that the current chamber could accommodate around 374 MPs .
With files from Rob Benzie and The Canadian Press
Read more about :
Ghana have confirmed that the Chelsea midfielder Michael Essien has been ruled out of the World Cup after failing to recover from a knee injury .
A statement on the national team 's official website said that a combination of medical experts from Chelsea and Ghana had come to the conclusion that the player would not be able to make a full recovery until the end of July .
" The Ghana Football Association wishes him a full recovery and a quick return to football action , " read the statement .
Essien has struggled to return to full fitness since tearing his medial ligament in his left knee while training with Ghana prior to the Africa Cup of Nations in January .
Ghana begin their World Cup campaign in Group D against Serbia on 13 June .
Confirmed : a bad McAfee update for Windows XP has shut down thousands , possibly millions , of computers around the world .
That 's big trouble .
UPDATED :
Twitter has been buzzing with the news this afternoon that McAfee updates were shutting down XP PCs , and we 've heard that California sent out an email to state workers a little while ago warning them of the problem .
Also apparently affected : the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , over 100,000 computers serviced by a UK IT firm , and presumably countless others based on the reports that keep coming in .
Advertisement
According to Engadget :
" DAT update 5958 deletes the svchost .
exe file , which then triggers a false - positive in McAfee itself and sets off a chain of uncontrolled restarts and loss of networking functionality . "
Advertisement
There 's also , apparently , a fix ( unconfirmed ) according to Twitter user scratchfury :
boot to safe mode , rename mcshield .exe , reboot , run Virus Console , pick Tools ->
Rollback DAT , name back to mcshield , reboot
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That fix , though , as commenter Denver80203 points out below , only prevents you from getting nailed .
Once your computer has been hit , things get a lot more complicated .
UPDATE : The official fix from McAfee can be found here .
So far the impacted machines seem to be primarily enterprise and not consumer , but we 'll update as soon as we know more about the scope of the problem .
Advertisement
UPDATE : McAfee just sent me the following ( now updated ) statement :
In the past 24 hours , McAfee identified a new threat that impacts Windows PCs .
Researchers worked diligently to address this threat that attacks critical Windows system executables and buries itself deep into a computer 's memory .
The research team created detection and removal to address this threat .
The remediation passed our quality testing and was released with the 5958 virus definition file at 2.00 PM GMT+1 ( 6 am Pacific Time ) on Wednesday , April 21 .
McAfee is aware that a number of customers have incurred a false positive error due to this release .
Corporations who kept a feature called " Scan Processes on Enable " in McAfee VirusScan Enterprise disabled , as it is by default , were not affected .
Our initial investigation indicates that the error can result in moderate to significant issues on systems running Windows XP Service Pack 3 .
The faulty update was quickly removed from all McAfee download servers , preventing any further impact on customers .
We are not aware of significant impact on consumers .
McAfee teams are working with the highest priority to support impacted customers .
We have also worked swiftly and released an updated virus definition file ( 5959 ) within hours and are providing our customers detailed guidance on how to repair any impacted systems .
We are investigating how the incorrect detection made it into our DAT files and will take measures to prevent this from reoccurring .
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience this has caused our customers .
So that 's good news for consumers , and every bit as terrible news as expected for corporate users who 've already been burned .
[ Engadget ]
Watch What You Say
It ’s just come out that Paul Harvey was a close friend of J. Edgar Hoover and regularly ran his columns by the FBI for vetting .
That ’s nothing new , of course .
The Congress on Cultural Freedom was a CIA front that funded all sorts of think tanks , periodicals and advocacy groups .
As a matter of fact , I think the CIA still owns the movie rights to Orwell ’s Animal Farm .
If you ’ve noticed the various film versions of Animal Farm seem a lot lamer than the book , and come down almost entirely on the pigs rather than the humans , it ’s probably not a coincidence .
In the last Hallmark movie version , Jones was a scandal to all the decent farmers living nearby , and at the end the pigs ’ regime collapsed and the farm was taken over by a kindly , Kennedyesque young family man with Fats Domino blasting out the speakers of his convertible .
He did n’t recreate Yeltsin ’s seige of Parliament , but I guess that ’s for the sequel .
Tom Braden , who ran the CIA ’s covert cultural division in the 1950s , argued that “ If the other side can use ideas that are camouflaged as being local rather than Soviet - supported or - stimulated , then we ought to be able to use ideas camouflaged as local ideas . ”
Uh , yeah , except that , in the civics book version of democracy , the CIA is supposed to be part of a government that takes orders rather than giving them , and the orders the government takes is supposed to come from those “ local ideas . ”
Lest the reader dismiss this as all a relic of the Cold War , consider the following examples ( in no particular order ) :
Several years back the proposed Total Information Awareness program sparked controversy because one of its missions was to engage in “ information warfare , ” which included directing misinformation toward the governed population as part of their larger campaign to manipulate the enemy .
In the past , CNN has employed , as interns , military psy - op specialists from Ft. Benning .
It may still do , for all I know .
A few years ago there was a scandal when Wikipedia started tracking the IP addresses logged for edits and found articles on government agencies had been revised by employees of those agencies .
WikiLeaks has been targeted for some time by the national security community for hosting embarrassing government documents .
The site drew serious government ire by posting a leaked CIA document which explicitly celebrated public apathy as a way of allowing the national security state to ignore the will of the supposedly “ sovereign ” voter .
It referred , specifically , to the ability of European countries to participate in the Afghan war despite the disapproval of overwhelming majorities of the population — and then went on to argue that , since apathy might no longer be enough , Western governments ought to actively manipulate public opinion with disinformation campaigns .
After the posting of that document , the intelligence community began considering covert measures to discredit WikiLeaks .
The campaign of harassment has since been stepped up even more since the posting of a video showing American troops joyfully massacring civilians in Iraq .
An Austin area drug activist couple are facing an investigation by county Child Protection Services — despite their kids being , as the assistant DA said , “ healthy , happy and well cared for ” — because of what they ’re teaching their kids about the government .
They are accused of child endangerment for teaching their kids , among other things , that “ marijuana is good and anti-drug efforts are riddled with lies , ” and that “ government is out to harm them . ”
Not only that , but the dad “ does n’t believe in church . ”
As proof that they ’ve been warped and terrified by anti-government propaganda , CPS cites testimony from a police sergeant that the kids were “ crying for no reason ” when a bunch of thugs in black uniforms and body armor kicked in the door of their home serving a no - knock warrant .
Imagine that .
On a less threatening but more pervasive level , government constantly lobbies us using our own tax dollars .
The White House Office on Drug Control Policy website hosts propaganda against local decriminalization and medpot initiatives .
Local schoolyards are covered with signs encouraging voters to vote for millage increases .
The city posts signs near roadwork announcing “ Your street improvement tax at work . ”
All these stories add up to a very alarming trend .
If I recall correctly the garbage I was taught in civics class , the general idea is that we have a marketplace of ideas where the public engages in unfettered discussion of the issues and then instructs the government on its wishes .
You know , the people are the bosses , the government works for us , and all that .
In reality , far from serving as an instrument of the will of an autonomous public , government sets the range of permissible debate , and acts covertly to guide the debate in order to protect the class interests it really serves .
As Samuel Huntington argued forty years ago in his paper on the crisis of governability , the post - WWII position of the U.S. as “ hegemonic power in a system of world order ” depended on a “ large measure of public apathy , ” enabling the President ( aided , Huntington said , by an establishment made up of representatives of leading banks , corporations , and think tanks ) to make foreign policy with a free hand .
And as Chomsky has pointed out , the American public is treated in functional terms as a domestic enemy whose perceptions must be managed via information warfare , lest it threaten the constellation of class interests that controls the state .
Black men seem to be the most accepting of overweight women .
No more need for them to feel bad about themselves and chase other guys when they can stay overweight and unhealthy and find a black man who will find them attractive .
I think we should all give a round of applause to black men for rescuing single overweight women .
Browse hand - picked desks , chairs , sit - stand solutions , small cabinets , and much more .
Shop a massive selection of office chairs on sale now !
Prioritize hygiene and cleanliness for peace of mind at work and home .
Accept items securely with through - door and through - wall drop boxes .
Senator Dianne Feinstein was furious .
Somebody was going to pay .
“ I was not informed about the selection of Leon Panetta to be the CIA director , ” the California Democrat said coldly , standing in a marble corridor just off the Senate floor .
It was January 6 , 2009 .
Barack Obama ’s team was reaching for the levers of the intelligence bureaucracy .
By God , she had n’t gotten to be the first woman to chair the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , a last bastion of old bulls , by being pushed around .
And she sure was n’t going to be rolled by the national - security guys around Obama , an Illinois politician who had shown almost no interest in foreign affairs during his four years in the US Senate .
Did they really want Leon Panetta , a former California congressman whose intelligence experience amounted pretty much to sitting in on CIA briefings as President Bill Clinton ’s chief of staff ?
And that was before Osama bin Laden and 9/11 , before the Iraq weapons - of - mass - destruction fiasco , secret prisons , renditions , warrantless wiretapping , the invasion of Iraq , the war in Afghanistan , and waterboarding .
And before the CIA was once again snarled in controversy , its officials hauled before oversight committees — like Feinstein ’s — to explain missing torture videotapes .
Fine , Feinstein decided , you can have Panetta .
But there ’s a price .
“ My position has consistently been that I believe the agency is best served by having an intelligence professional in charge , ” she told reporters .
A professional — not a politician .
There would be no Panetta without a professional backing him up — and Feinstein had one professional in mind : Steve Kappes .
Who ?
Stephen R. Kappes , the spy agency ’s deputy director , was a 27 - year veteran of the CIA ’s Operations Directorate , one of those who worked on “ the dark side , ” in the memorable characterization of Vice President Dick Cheney .
Kappes ’s name , let alone his face , was unknown outside of Washington ’s national - security matrix .
And yet within days , official Washington would be treated to the spectacle of a CIA nominee repeatedly pledging to retain a heretofore - anonymous subordinate as the condition for getting the number - one job .
Kappes had earned the appreciation , if not the affection , of Hill Democrats in 2004 by embarrassing Porter Goss , the Florida Republican congressman and chair of the House Intelligence Committee whom President Bush had picked to tame the “ liberal ” CIA .
Rather than fire a deputy who had clashed with one of the “ Gosslings , ” as Goss ’s conservative aides were dubbed by the dark - side crowd , Kappes loudly quit .
His deputy , Michael Sulick , followed him out the door .
They returned in 2006 , when General Michael Hayden , who succeeded Goss , introduced Kappes to the assembled CIA employees as his new deputy .
The staff gave him a standing ovation .
In the days leading up to Panetta ’s confirmation hearing , Feinstein and other Democrats repeatedly called Kappes the agency ’s indispensable man .
“ Leon Panetta is an outstanding public servant , and I intend to support his nomination for CIA director , ” Evan Bayh of Indiana , a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , said .
“ We should respect the judgment of President - elect Obama and his commitment to do what ’s right for our country .
“ At the same time , ” Bayh continued , “ I have very high regard for Steve Kappes .
I ’ve been in some extremely sensitive meetings involving matters of life and death and have been impressed by his competency .
I hope we can convince both Mr. Panetta and Mr. Kappes to work together at the CIA for the sake of our country ’s national security . ”
Panetta was convinced — not that he had a choice .
Even before he took the witness chair , he evoked Kappes ’s name a half dozen times .
“ If confirmed , I will have three immediate priorities , ” he said .
“ First , along with my deputy , Steve Kappes , I plan to review all Agency operations . . . .
I will have a full partner in Steve Kappes . . . .
Few people in the United States government have as much intelligence experience as Steve . . . . ”
And so on .
With that , Panetta was confirmed and dispatched to Langley with Kappes as his right - hand man .
A door would connect their offices in the seventh floor executive suite overlooking the woods above the Potomac .
“ A good spy has a face that a waiter would forget , ” the late William Colby , the CIA ’s chief in the turbulent , post - Watergate 1970s , once said .
Kappes ’s face is mostly forgettable , and he shares another trait with Colby , who once parachuted behind German lines as an OSS agent in World War II :
They ’re the only two career clandestine officers to make it onto the spy agency ’s second - highest rung .
But the oddest thing about the Kappes love fest on Capitol Hill was that it flew in the face of the repeated vow of the President - elect and the Democrats to make , as Feinstein put it , “ a break from the past . ”
“ The past ” had sunk Obama ’s first choice for CIA director , John Brennan , even before he was nominated .
As head of the CIA ’s Counterterrorism Center in 2004 –05 , Brennan was maligned as too much a cog in the agency ’s machinery of waterboarding and secret prisons .
By that standard , Kappes should have been even more toxic .
As a senior official in the agency ’s Directorate of Operations after September 11 , 2001 — first as deputy director and then director before the blowup with Goss — he had been involved in the activities that so many Democrats had denounced .
When Obama ’s intelligence transition team had visited Langley , it had gotten a pitch from Kappes and other CIA officials to “ retain the option of reestablishing secret prisons and using aggressive interrogation methods , ” according to an anecdote buried in a Washington Post story .
“ It was one of the most deeply disturbing experiences I have had , ” David Boren , the moderate Oklahoma Democrat and former Senate Intelligence committee chair who led the transition team , told the Post .
“ I wanted to take a bath when I heard it , ” said Boren , now president of the University of Oklahoma , adding that “ fear was used to justify the use of techniques that violate our values and weaken our intelligence . ”
That made Kappes as unconfirmable as Brennan — perhaps more so .
But Senate - committee Democrats were perfectly happy to have Kappes quietly run the agency for Panetta .
Evidently they still are , despite a string of embarrassments over the past year , from the CIA ’s continuing failure to capture Osama bin Laden to conflicting accounts over what the agency told Congress about waterboarding , the conviction of 23 of its operatives on kidnapping charges in Italy , and a suicide bomber ’s deadly penetration of the spy agency ’s most important field office in Afghanistan .
The bombing of the CIA station in Khost , Afghanistan , on December 30 by a Jordanian double agent wearing an explosive vest was a heavy blow to an agency that has struggled to navigate the post - 9/11 world .
When the Jordanian was escorted into the CIA ’s secret compound in Khost , he had n’t been frisked , according to news accounts .
The explosion killed seven CIA officers , including the chief of base , a mother of three who was the agency ’s top expert on al - Qaeda .
Old CIA hands were appalled at the security lapse .
One attributed the disaster to having left the arrangements in the hands of an intelligence analyst — a person who pores over reports at a desk — instead of an experienced field - operations case officer .
“ Do you think we have n’t picked up bad guys in a car before in some very bad parts of town ? ” says a former paramilitary officer who ran operations in Beirut .
“ As soon as you get them in the back seat , you ’re frisking them . ”
Khost “ was really ugly , ” says Representative Pete Hoekstra of Michigan , ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee .
Many in the intelligence community believe it to be the single worst attack in the agency ’s history .
And Kappes , suggests Hoekstra , has to take some responsibility for that .
“ He ’s running field operations , engaged in day - to - day activities , ” says Hoekstra .
“ I heard Kappes personally briefed the President on the guy they were meeting in Khost .
They thought they were meeting a rock star . ”
Yet congressional Democrats continue to insist that Panetta and Kappes are doing great things .
“ They ’re a very effective team , ” says Bayh , who recently announced his retirement .
“ Leon brings a broad knowledge of policy , and Steve ’s more of an operational guy , so he can run the very important day - to - day functions . ”
Such a judgment may seem off - key , given the record .
But to longtime intelligence insiders and cynics — perhaps one and the same — the deification of Kappes was predictable .
He embodied the best and worst of the CIA ’s leadership over the decades — bright , dedicated , and patriotic while also self - protective and unaccountable .
Kappes ’s rise to behind - the - scenes stardom in the intelligence community is a lesson in how to maneuver in Washington :
It ’s one thing to be successful in the field ; it ’s more valuable to convince Congress you ’re effective .
“ Kappes runs better ops on the Hill and with the White House than he ran human sources in the field , ” a CIA veteran says in what turns out to be a consistent refrain .
“ He ’s the Teflon Don , ” says a veteran of the CIA ’s Operations Directorate , renamed the National Clandestine Service in 2005 .
“ Nothing bad ever sticks to him . ”
Over more than 20 years with the CIA , Kappes ’s career has taken him through most of the world ’s cold - and hot - war battlefields from India and Pakistan to Germany and Russia .
But the journey of Kappes from secret agent to CIA superstar began in Libya .
In March 2003 , leader Muammar Qaddafi signaled that he was ready to jump - start his on - again , off - again campaign to end his long diplomatic and commercial isolation , get off Washington ’s list of terrorist states , and get back into the oil business with the West .
Two years earlier , he ’d dispatched one of his top operatives , Michigan State–educated Mousa Kousa , to a clandestine meeting in London with top CIA and British intelligence officials .
Kousa carried with him the names of some of Osama bin Laden ’s closest associates , including Ibn al - Sheikh al - Libi , a Libyan who would soon be the first major catch in the CIA ’s pursuit of al - Qaeda .
But with Qaddafi dragging his feet on final payouts over Libya ’s 1988 downing of PanAm Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , negotiations stalled .
Then , with American and British troops massing to invade Iraq , Qaddafi decided it was time to talk again — in secret .
President George W. Bush and CIA chief George Tenet , desperate for intelligence on al - Qaeda , decided the time was ripe , too .
But they wanted something big in return , a “ deliverable , ” as Bush put it : Qaddafi ’s public renunciation of his nuclear , chemical , and biological weapons programs .
For the secret mission to Tripoli to work out the deal , they chose Steve Kappes .
By 2003 , Kappes was deeply schooled in the dark arts .
He had been station chief in Kuwait and Moscow .
At a CIA station in Frankfurt , he had run highly sensitive operations targeting Iran ’s nuclear - weapons program , and he had served in Pakistan , which sheltered its own nuclear - bomb effort .
For the past year , as associate deputy director for operations , he had supervised some of the CIA ’s most secret programs , from “ extraordinary renditions ” — kidnapping terrorist suspects abroad — to the agency ’s secret foreign prisons to waterboarding and other “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
Then came Libya .
“ Clearly , Kappes was a man who could keep a secret , and Bush gave him one :
No one at State or Defense , not even Rumsfeld or Powell , should know about this major initiative , ” Ron Suskind wrote in the Washington Monthly .
Suskind ’s account of the clandestine affair was one of a flurry of flattering articles about Kappes that began surfacing in the spring of 2006 as pressure was building to bring Kappes back to Langley .
The Libyan mission was a “ lengthy dialogue , a delicate and subtle dance , ” wrote Newsweek ’s Mark Hosenball , quoting an anonymous former agency official .
“ And Steve handled it very well . ”
Qaddafi did renounce his weapons - of - mass - destruction programs , allowing the Bush administration to claim that regime change in Iraq was already paying dividends elsewhere .
After the Lockerbie claims were finally settled , diplomatic recognition came .
The oil companies moved into Libya .
Washington , the story went , had eliminated a potential threat and gained an ally in the “ war on terror . ”
But on closer examination , some thought Qaddafi got the better end of it :
His nuclear effort had never really gotten off the ground , intelligence sources say , despite the acquisition of millions of dollars of black - market equipment and supplies from Pakistani rogue nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan .
Qaddafi liked to buy stuff that was way beyond his scientists ’ ken to assemble , a former top CIA official says .
Nor were Qaddafi ’s other WMD programs much to write home about , according to the Monterey Institute ’s Jonathan Tucker , one of the foremost WMD experts .
Libya ’s chemical - warfare capability was “ quite limited , ” Tucker says .
“ Although Libya wanted to expand its chemical arsenal to include nerve agents , it did not have the materials , equipment , or know - how needed to do so .
The nuclear program , however embryonic , was perceived as being of greater potential value , but after the interdiction of [ A.Q. Khan ’s ] centrifu
ges en route to Libya , Qaddafi began to view his WMD programs as a security risk rather than an asset . ”
None of that diminishes Kappes ’s adroit handling of the mission :
He “ played a very important role — and played it well , ” one close observer of the CIA says .
But others are not so impressed by Kappes ’s reputation as a savvy operator .
In 1988 – 89 , when Kappes was deputy chief of Frankfurt station , he was responsible for penetrating Iran ’s virulently anti-US theocracy and its nascent nuclear program .
By 1989 , “ virtually the entire US intelligence apparatus in Iran had been detected and successfully disrupted by the Iranians , ” according to a little - noticed account corroborated in general terms by former US officials and other sources .
“ This may be exaggerated , but there was little denying the scale of the CIA ’s humiliation , ” Mahan Abedin , director of research at the London - based Centre for the Study of Terrorism , was quoted as saying in 2007 .
“ This was exacerbated by details that some of the American spies had been ‘ turned ’ into double agents barely a few months after their initial recruitment , ” Abedin said after analyzing official Iranian reports .
“ Some had been feeding their American controllers misinformation as early as the beginning of 1985 . ”
Another operation that Kappes approved blew up in the CIA ’s face .
It was run by Kappes ’s friend Jeffrey Castelli ; they had served together in their first overseas postings , in India and Pakistan .
Castelli was CIA station chief in Rome in 2003 when an agency team snatched an al - Qaeda operative known as Abu Omar off a Milan street and flew him to Cairo for interrogation .
Italian antiterrorism police had had Omar ( real name : Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr ) in their sights and were monitoring his phone in Milan when he was provisionally released by the Egyptians .
They listened as he described his abduction from Milan by the Americans and said he ’d been tortured .
Using the time and place of Omar ’s kidnapping , Milan authorities — who had opened a kidnapping investigation — were able to pinpoint cell - phone calls along the CIA team ’s escape route and trace them to their owners .
That led them to the agents ’ hotel - registration and car-rental records , including photocopies of their passports .
As it turned out , they had used their phones for both business and personal use , calling spouses and girlfriends as well as CIA offices , in violation of every rule in the espionage handbook .
When police raided the home of the CIA base chief , Robert Lady , who had fled only hours before , they discovered boxes and computer files full of incriminating evidence , including surveillance photos of Abu Omar .
The Italian prosecutor got arrest warrants for the 26 Americans involved , all but one CIA agents .
The affair , including a trial in absentia , turned into a cartoon of the “ rogue ” Bush administration — and CIA ineptitude .
Some operations officials , including Lady , had lobbied against the caper , arguing that Italian counterterrorism police were doing just fine against al - Qaeda in Milan .
The Milan team had been warned against using cell phones by other CIA managers .
But Castelli had the bit between his teeth .
So did Kappes , who as chief of operations would have given the ill - fated operation his seal of approval .
In the wake of the Milan disaster , Castelli , who was wanted on Italian kidnapping charges — he was eventually granted diplomatic immunity — was removed from Rome .
Kappes put him on ice for a year at the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base in Alabama .
A CIA accountability board lacerated Castelli in particular and his superiors in general for the Milan operation .
Castelli was already in bad odor for uncritically passing along , in 2002 , a bogus document purporting to show that Saddam Hussein had sought to buy uranium for a nuclear bomb in Niger .
So many inside CIA headquarters were astonished when , in 2008 , Kappes picked Castelli to run the CIA ’s New York station , one of the agency ’s most prestigious appointments .
Shock turned into protest , according to CIA insiders , forcing Kappes to drop the idea .
Castelli soon retired .
( Castelli has never responded to my messages asking for comment . )
Then there was the case of Khaled El - Masri , a German car salesman abducted by the CIA .
Masri was picked up while on vacation in Macedonia in December 2003 , flown to Afghanistan , and thrown into a secret dungeon , where he was interrogated and tortured for five months .
Eventually he was released with no charges against him , flown back to Albania , and dumped onto a highway .
In 2007 , the Supreme Court let stand an appeals - court ruling that rejected Masri ’s suit against the CIA , saying it posed a “ grave risk ” of damage to national security by revealing “ state secrets . ”
As with the Milan fiasco , warning signs were everywhere .
“ From the start , the rendition team suspected that his case was one of mistaken identity , ” Jane Mayer wrote in the New Yorker last year .
“ But the CIA officer in charge at Langley — the agency asked that the officer ’s name be withheld — insisted that Masri be further interrogated . ”
Even after it was determined that Masri ’s German passport was n’t a forgery and that he was n’t the man the CIA was looking for , the officer in charge refused to release him , Mayer and others say .
Masri went on a hunger strike , losing 60 pounds , until finally “ skeptics in the agency went directly over the officer ’s head to [ CIA director George ]
Tenet , who realized that his agency had been brutalizing an innocent man , ” Mayer wrote .
Despite all this , the woman in charge of the operation has been promoted — twice — by Kappes , according to Mayer and sources who corroborated her story .
Many observers note that in all the media exposés , congressional investigations , and finger - pointing over CIA renditions , secret prisons , and harsh interrogations , there ’s nary a hint of Kappes ’s involvement , despite his position as the deputy chief and later chief of operations during the first Bush administration , which put him — nominally at least — in charge of all of them .
According to some accounts , Kappes despised the rough stuff .
“ I ’ve worked with him , as have many of my colleagues , ” says a former CIA undercover operative who wrote an acid , unapproved memoir of the agency in 2008 under the pen name Ishmael Jones .
“ He would never have gotten anywhere near something as risky as terrorist interrogations , ” the pseudonymous Jones maintains .
“ The low - level guys who conducted vital terrorist interrogations following 9/11 , which then became a CIA public - relations nightmare , did so at the risk of their careers .
Mr. Kappes stayed miles away from any of this and has suffered no recriminations . ”
Kappes saw the interrogations as a distraction from the agency ’s main mission , says one former colleague who , like almost everyone else interviewed , demanded anonymity in exchange for talking about Kappes .
“ He wanted to get back to the basics , ” says the colleague , “ regaining control over our own house , to stop caving in to ambassadors and the FBI , the State Department and the military . ”
Kappes declined to be interviewed .
“ The deputy director is , at least where the press is concerned , firmly old school , ” says CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano .
“ He does not give interviews , believing , when it comes to issues involving the agency , that the best spokesman is the director .
Nor , given his status as a serving career intelligence officer , does he seek public attention .
He simply does not see that as appropriate .
If you want the limelight in Washington , a CIA career is not for you .
That ’s how he looks at it , and that ’s how it should be . ”
None of Kappes ’s friends and family agreed to be interviewed for this article .
But Kappes does occasionally and informally talk off campus with favored journalists , one of whom says , “ He had a reputation for being skeptical of things outside the basic role of the agency . ”
Foreseeing the trouble that waterboarding and secret prisons would stir up , Kappes “ may well have decided , ‘ Let this cup pass from my lips . ’ ”
Yet Kappes has a reputation for micromanagement , right down to his recent insistence on selecting applicants for a two - person station .
Therefore , says a former high - level official , Kappes had to know — and approve of — virtually everything that went on in the counterterrorism program after 9/11 .
“ All decision making in the Directorate of Operations flowed through the ADDO , ” or assistant deputy director of operations , the position Kappes held when the war on terror ramped up in 2002 – 04 , says a former top official during that era .
“ And he was specifically in a position of decision making and influence and persuasion .
. . .
So any decision or voice he gave to a particular point of view would have been , and was , given great consideration . ”
“ So if he was opposed to [ waterboarding ] and made his position known , ” the former official adds , “ that would have carried great weight .
After all , not only was he ADDO , but do n’t forget that at the same time he was carrying water for the White House on the Libya stuff and had a personal relationship , he claimed , with the President .
So if he was able to do what he did on Libya , he should have been able to persuade the same decision makers with respect to enhanced interrogation techniques if he actually was opposed to them . ”
It ’s not likely Kappes was opposed to such programs , says a retired station chief who knows Kappes well : “ He ’s very jingoistic , very much a believer in American exceptionalism and the leading place the United States has in the world . ”
Says John Sifton , a private investigator and attorney in New York who has carried out extensive research on the CIA ’s secret programs for law firms and human - rights groups :
“ It strains credulity for him to say , ‘ I did n’t know , I was n’t involved . ’
His denials would be like the Yankees pitching coach saying he did n’t know the playoffs rotation . ”
“ He became ADDO in the fall of 2002 , ” Sifton said , “ just as the CIA was expanding its program for secret prisons and harsh interrogations and as it continued its renditions program with zeal . ”
In at least one case , Kappes did n’t stay far away , sources say .
According to an internal investigation , he helped tailor the agency ’s paper trail regarding the death of a detainee at a secret CIA interrogation facility in Afghanistan , known internally as the Salt Pit .
The detainee froze to death after being doused with water , stripped naked , and left alone overnight , according to reports in the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times .
He was secretly buried and his death kept “ off - the - books , ” the Post said .
According to two former officials who read a CIA inspector general ’s report on the incident , Kappes coached the base chief — whose identity is being withheld at the request of the CIA — on how to respond to the agency ’s investigators .
They would report it as an accident .
“ The ADDO ’s direction to the field officer anticipated that something worse had occurred and so gave him directions on how to report the situation in his cable , ” one of the former officials says .
“ The ADDO basically told the officer , ‘ Do n’t put something in the report that ca n’t be proved or that you are going to have trouble explaining . ’
In essence , the officer was told :
Be careful what you put in your cable because the investigators are coming out there and they will pick your cable apart , and any discrepancies will be difficult to explain . ”
As a result , the former official says , the Salt Pit officer ’s cable was “ minimalist in its reporting ” on what happened to the prisoner .
“ It seems to me the ADDO should have been telling him , ‘ Report the truth , do n’t hold anything back , there ’s an investigative team coming out , be honest and forthright .
But that was not the message that was given to the chief of base by the ADDO . ”
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano calls this account “ shot through with errors and falsehoods . ”
He says , “ It ’s wrong — and it ’s pathetic that someone would make such charges without the courage or decency to do so on the record .
The agency ’s past detention practices have been thoroughly and repeatedly reviewed , inside and outside the CIA .
These greasy insinuations of a coverup are not only utterly off the mark ; they ’re totally below the belt . ”
But the former official stands his ground : “ Proof that it is an accurate recitation of the facts is the approach they take to confront it .
They vaguely assert it has errors but do n’t tell you what the errors are .
They deny all aspects of it .
Then they attack personally the sources .
It ’s their modus operandi : Admit nothing , deny everything , make counter - accusations .
“ If they are so certain [ of their version ] , then they should release the report and prove it .
They can ’t . ”
The CIA ’s Baghdad station was a mess from the start , according to sources .
In his book , The Human Factor : Inside the CIA ’s Dysfunctional Intelligence Culture , Ishmael Jones offers a blistering depiction , saying it was bloated by hundreds of support personnel , many of whom , he writes , spent their days watching movies , playing games , and messaging friends on their computers .
Intelligence - gathering outside the Green Zone was negligible .
Only five or six officers spoke Arabic , the agency would later concede .
Sex between officers and subordinates was common — sometimes blithely performed in view of surveillance cameras in the parking lot .
The videos were passed around by superiors , he charges , before the most egregious miscreants were sent packing .
Baghdad station had been a problem , one way or another , since hanging out its shingle in April 2003 , right after US - led troops rolled into the capital and toppled Saddam Hussein .
Within months , thanks largely to missteps and miscalculations by Bush - administration officials — dissolving the Iraqi army , for starters — a Sunni / Shia civil war broke out .
Al - Qaeda volunteers elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa streamed in to be part of the bloody action .
The Bush White House did n’t like the negative tone of the first station chief ’s assessments , and CIA director Tenet agreed to remove him .
A highly respected Middle East hand , Gerry Meyer was forced out of the CIA altogether , according to an account by Ken Silverstein in Harper ’s magazine .
The second station chief ’s “ negative ” reports led to his removal , upon which he became “ a pariah ” at the intelligence agency , according to reports .
Through all this , Kappes was deputy director of operations , the guy who makes the trains run on time .
Then came the third station chief .
Kappes had to be well acquainted with the problems in Iraq : Baghdad was the CIA ’s biggest and arguably most important station when Kappes returned to the agency , now as deputy to CIA director Michael V. Hayden .
And to agency managers who attended director Hayden ’s daily 5 pm meeting , Kappes seemed to be the person in charge of day - to - day operations .
“ Hayden was at one end of the table , and Jose [ Rodriguez , head of the National Clandestine Service ] was usually at the other end , ” a CIA operations manager recalls .
“ Hayden was sort of presiding , but Kappes was the one you were talking to . ”
Ilana Sara Greenstein , a CI
A operations officer in Iraq during 2004 – 05 , took her own complaints about problems in the Baghdad station to Hayden , who passed her off to Kappes .
“ What I witnessed there was nothing short of disastrous , operationally and ethically , ” says Greenstein , who won six CIA commendations and was cited by the US military command in Baghdad for work that “ directly saved lives ” — the only CIA staff employee to be so honored .
Kappes eventually sent “ an aide ” to debrief her , Greenstein says , in late 2006 or early 2007 .
They met for three hours .
“ I raised serious concerns , ” according to Greenstein .
But months went by without any follow - up , she says .
Meanwhile , agency officials began to take “ adverse actions ” against her .
“ Months later , the agency took more serious actions against me , ” she says , declining to be more specific .
She was sure it was “ retaliation ” for her complaints .
“ It was pretty bad , ” she says , and she was ready to quit .
But friends and coworkers urged her to talk to Kappes before she went .
“ He ’s rational , he ’s reasonable , ” they said .
She made an appointment .
When the hour came , she walked into his assistant ’s office , only to be told the meeting had been canceled .
She says she was told “ we could not meet again for the foreseeable future . ”
Greenstein quit in 2008 .
A graduate of the University of Virginia Law School , she now works as a lawyer in Washington , representing former and current CIA personnel .
And the Baghdad station chief ?
Promoted to run the Counterterrorism Center .
Firing him “ would have been the shot heard ’round the world .
The message would have been zero tolerance , ” says an operations officer who asked for anonymity because “ I do not want my criticism of CIA to start being interpreted as a personal vendetta against one guy . ”
To his knowledge , he says , Kappes “ has not dismissed any case officer for misconduct . ”
Except , perhaps , when his hand was forced .
In January 2009 , news broke that the CIA station chief in Algiers , Andrew Warren , had been sent packing by the American ambassador after two local women charged him with date rape .
Senate Intelligence Committee chair Dianne Feinstein said she first heard about the incident on ABC News .
Panetta was left to grovel before her panel in an open hearing .
“ Current management ’s decision not to notify Congress of the case when it came to light last October was incorrect , ” he said .
Current management ?
That would be Kappes .
Four months had passed since Warren , who was still on the payroll , was kicked out of Algiers .
Senator Orrin Hatch , the Utah Republican on the panel , needled Panetta on whether rape charges against a station chief in a pivotal Muslim country amounted to the kind of incident the CIA was duty - bound to report under the oversight rules .
“ My understanding is that first information about this actually came to our attention some time back in October , ” Panetta responded .
“ And I think that was the time to have briefed Congress . ”
A spy -agency spokesman had been quoted saying Warren had n’t been fired yet because of “ due process . ”
“ I think that was wrong , ” Panetta said .
He “ should have been terminated . ”
In March , he was .
Warren is being prosecuted by the Justice Department .
Intelligence sources speculated that Warren had been protected by Kappes , who as deputy director of the CIA and a former DO chief would have approved his appointment as station chief .
By some accounts , red flags had been flying around Warren , a Muslim convert , for years , because of his penchant for recruiting sources in bars during tours in Cairo , Kuwait , and Iraq .
No one charged Kappes with mishandling the situation .
Nor was he called out when a scandal flared up last spring while Senate overseers were still steaming over Warren : Kappes ’s executive assistant was arrested for credit - card fraud .
Steven Levan , 48 , a 16 - year CIA veteran , held a far more sensitive position at the agency than was revealed in initial news reports , which described him as a “ case agent . ”
As recently as the summer of 2008 , Levan “ was sitting on the seventh floor as a key aide , ” a former CIA official told me when the case broke .
“ Before that he was a chief of station , ” or top CIA representative , in an unidentified foreign country .
A former Army officer , Levan “ had apparently been anointed by someone as a rising star , because he was given a number of pretty sweet assignments , ” the former official said .
“ The last time I saw him , he was in one of the high - visibility staff - aide positions which are usually reserved for folks expected to move on into top echelons . ”
Veteran CIA operatives
I talked to at the time were mystified as to how Levan was able to swindle the spy agency out of $ 107,000 , according to court documents , by misusing credit cards issued under false identities .
Sources claim he was using the money to support a mistress .
How does Kappes survive , even flourish ?
Brian Kelley , a CIA counterintelligence specialist , points to a ceremony at CIA headquarters on October 19 , 2007 .
A standing - room - only crowd had gathered to honor Kelley , who ’d lived a nightmare for almost two years after the FBI accused him of being a Soviet mole .
The real one , as it turned out , was the FBI ’s own Robert Hanssen .
The CIA could never make up for what had happened to Kelley , his former wife , his children , and even his parents , all of whom were hounded by an FBI version of Inspector Javert until a KGB defector turned over a file that led to Hanssen .
But Kappes would lead the way .
When he took the podium , he apologized to Kelley and his family and awarded him the CIA ’s Distinguished Career Intelligence Medal .
The room swelled with applause .
Kelley was bowled over .
“ For my family and my friends who suffered greatly as a result of what the FBI did , Steve ’s remarks were very cathartic , ” he says .
“ It helped put an end to a very painful time in all of our lives .
So many innocent people suffered , and it was only after Steve and the others spoke that the real healing process started .
Needless to say , Steve is a revered figure for my family . ”
It was simple , Kelley says : Steve Kappes is a standup guy .
A devout Catholic , Kappes attends Mass daily at a church where the parish priest is a former State Department security officer .
But Mass is more than a rote ritual to Kappes , Kelley says .
“ He ’ll engage me in conversation about St. Augustine or Thomas Aquinas — Catholic theology and so forth , ” Kelley says over lunch at Amphora , a CIA haunt in Northern Virginia .
Kappes does n’t have his head in the theological clouds , Kelley says .
He ’s still a Marine through and through , having commanded — appropriately enough — the Corps ’s Silent Drill Platoon , headquartered on DC ’s Eighth Street , Southwest , before joining the CIA in 1981 .
And he remains an active supporter of the Marines .
Nor does he sequester himself in the seventh - floor executive suites .
“ He ’s a walk - around manager .
He says hello , remembers your name , eats in the cafeteria , ” Kelley says .
“ He cares about people . ”
Fellow students from Ohio ’s Athens High School , where Kappes graduated in 1969 , remember him the same way .
His father coached football , and his mother gave swimming and skating lessons .
Steve played football at Athens and went on to become a three - year letterman as center and long snapper at Ohio University under his father , the line coach .
“ He was really pleasant to everybody , he would n’t snub people , ” fellow student Juanita McLead says .
“ But his whole family is like that . ”
“ I remember going to ‘ sock hops ’ and seeing Steve dance and laugh , just having a good time , ” says Lili Richey Willard , who was a year behind Kappes at Athens .
“ Everyone loved him . ”
“ I was very proud when I found out what Steve is doing these days , ” Willard adds .
“ He would excel at any profession he chose . ”
Decades later , by many accounts , Kappes still has the sweet touch .
“ He often came to the Hill in a way that was very unusual for senior CIA officials , in a personal capacity , ” says Eric Rosenbach , a staff member on the Senate Intelligence Committee from 2005 through 2007 .
“ He would come to see a senator , privately , just to answer any questions they had .
In other words , he would n’t just leave it to briefing the committee . ”
“ I was always left with the impression he was a straight shooter , ” adds Rosenbach , now research chief at Harvard ’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs .
Pete Hoekstra , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , scoffs at such characterizations .
“ I understand that Mr. Kappes is capable , well qualified , and well liked , ” the Michigan congressman wrote President Bush in 2006 after hearing reports that Kappes was returning to the CIA .
“ I am heartened by the professional qualities he would bring to the job , but am concerned by what could be the political problems that he could bring back to the agency . ”
Hoekstra had rolled out a Republican litany against Kappes and the DO , that they had “ intentionally undermined the administration and its policies ” in fighting against Porter Goss ’s changes .
Then he charged that Kappes and his deputy “ were developing a communications offensive to bypass the Intelligence Committees and the CIA ’s own Office of Congressional Affairs . ”
An end run — a covert op — around the Republican - controlled panels , Hoekstra charged .
“ One can only speculate on the motives , but it clearly indicates a willingness to promote a personal agenda , ” he says .
“ Every day , we suffer from the consequences of individuals promoting their personal agendas . ”
Hoekstra , now running for the Republican nomination for governor of Michigan , says , “ All of the fears of him coming back are what we ’re experiencing today .
We ’re not getting briefed , but the Democrats are getting all the information they need . ”
Panetta , for his part , says he could n’t be happier with his deputy — the man Congress decreed he must accept as part of running the agency .
“ Steve is the absolute professional , a leader of great skill and integrity , ” the CIA director said in a statement .
“ He ’s the best in the business and I count on him for his advice , counsel , and friendship . ”
Subscribe to Washingtonian
Follow Washingtonian on Twitter
Do n’t Miss Another Big Story — Get Our Weekend Newsletter
Our most popular stories of the week , sent every Saturday .
Or , see all of our newsletters .
By signing up , you agree to our terms
Shhhhh , we sleeping beauties are trying to get some shut eye !
The amazing pictures of snoozing newborns
With their snowy skin , plump cheeks , teeny fingers and toes , and pouty rosebud lips , these newborn babies really do deserve their Sleeping Beauties nickname .
It was coined by sisters Tracy Raver and Kelley Ryden , who took most of the photographs at their studio in Nebraska - which can be seen in a new book - when the babies were fewer than 10 days old .
A budding Buddah : I 'm taking 40 winks on the path to enlightenment
Meet my silent partner , we like to get our heads together
Some are swaddled in knitted scarves , others are snuggled up in hammocks , snoozing on a fluffy rug or curled up in a wicker basket - but they all have in common their unique , gently - contorted poses .
To curl the babies into these positions , Tracy , Kelley and a third Canadian photographer , Stephanie Robin , have a simple trick : they photograph the babies when they are between five and 10 days old .
Crib sheet - and this hatbox beats my cradle any day
Frown in the mouth :
My afternoon nap is a serious business
At that age , they sleep soundly and they are malleable to be moved into ' curly ' poses , as Kelley calls them .
It also helps that Stephanie is a physiotherapist , which helps her understand their joints and reflexes .
Out on the floor :
It 's no struggle to snuggle up to a warm rug
Getting back to nature :
Who says caterpillars can't hibernate ?
The photo shoots usually last between three and four hours at a studio ( with nice natural light , a good temperature gauge and lots of props ) .
The babies either wear white clothes or nothing at all .
It takes around a fortnight for the photographs to be processed before they 're presented to the besotted parents .
It 's a wrap : Lulled to sleep with a swaddling song
Prize guys :
They came first in the bonnet baby contest
What 's their first reaction when they first see the snaps of their snuggled - up baby , all fuzzy - haired with scrunched - up eyes ?
Surprise , surprise , many of them burst into tears .
As Stephanie says : ' How could they not love these adorable little subjects ? '
If the cap fits ...
I 'll be sure of a good night 's rest
Yawn free : I love crashing out in my mum 's knitting !
Suspended animation :
But at least I 've got a posy for my toes
When President Obama signed his health - care reform last month , he declared it will " lower costs for families and for businesses and for the federal government . "
So why , barely a month later , are Democrats scrambling to pass a new bill that would impose price controls on insurance ?
In now - they - tell - us hearings on Tuesday , the Senate health committee debated a bill that would give states the power to reject premium increases that state regulators determine are " unreasonable . "
The White House proposed this just before the final ...
Everybody who logs onto the internet has used Google before .
In fact , you might have even reached this post from a Google search result .
What you might not know is , Google shows different logos for holidays and events in different countries .
Here are some of the most popular ones selected .
Visit the Google Doodles page for their entire collection .
Kozar Cool Blog
HONG KONG , March 5 ( Reuters ) - The United States and other Western nations will likely increase pressure on China to allow its currency to appreciate , China ’s former ambassador to the United States said in a newspaper report published on Friday .
“ America ’s speculation towards the yuan exchange rate ( appreciation ) issue could heat up , ” Hong Kong ’s pro-Beijing Wen Wei Po newspaper cited Zhou Wenzhong , China ’s former ambassador to the United States , as saying .
“ What ’s more , other developed Western countries may join in . ”
China has frozen the yuan exchange rate at about 6.83 per dollar since mid-2008 to preserve the international competitiveness of its exporters , causing dismay in Washington and Brussels .
Earlier this week , a senior International Monetary Fund official urged Beijing to be more flexible on its currency [ ID : nSGE62209B ] , and a group of U.S. lawmakers last month called on the Obama administration to consider retaliatory action against what they say amounts to a government subsidy for Chinese exporters .
[ ID :nN25107316 ]
Zhou , a standing committee member of China ’s top advisory body , the CPPCC , delivered a speech during the country ’s annual parliamentary meetings in which he warned that in the post - financial crisis era there might be more bilateral economic and trade frictions .
“ The ‘ China economy threat theory ’ may escalate again , ” he was reported as saying by Wen Wei Po. “ Tensions will increase ” .
Washington has long argued that China 's currency , the yuan CNY=CFXS , is undervalued , exacerbating the United States ' trade deficit .
The Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington has estimated that the yuan is undervalued by about 40 percent against the U.S. dollar .
In his annual address to the National People ’s Congress on Friday , Premier Wen Jiabao signaled continued caution towards the yuan , reiterating standard language that Beijing would seek to keep the currency basically steady at a reasonable and balanced level .
[ ID :nTOE623AE ]
Just when you thought it was safe to get back in your khakis .
Three decades after “ The Official Preppy Handbook ” was first unleashed into bookstores , a follow - up called “ True Prep ” is in the works  hoping to reignite preppy fervor , update the mindset and explain just what it means to be a Chip or a Muffy in a Barack world .
The original volume , a slim , plaid - covered paperback that poked fun at the gin-soaked polo - shirt and loafer - wearing set , started out as a piquant bit of mockery but , like “ Liar ’s Poker , ” a bestseller about bond traders , and “ Wall Street , ” the movie in which Michael Douglas declared greed to be good , it ended up being adopted as a kind of guidebook for those who wanted in .
The book sold 1.3 million copies , many to aspiring prepsters who wanted to know where to shop , what to wear and how to fully appreciate what it called “ the virtues of pink and green . ”
Among those buyers was Chip Kidd , one of the industry ’s best - known book designers , who loved the original as a teenager growing up near Reading , Pa. , where he attended public high school and adored topsiders .
The handbook , he said , “ changed my life . ”
Interested to know how you were gonna fill up that Chrome OS app page ?
Google just announced its new online web app store at I/O .
So far they 've shown off Dark Room for image editing , a pretty slick version of TweetDeck , and yes , like every other platform known to man , there 's Plants .
vs. Zombies and Lego Star Wars .
Paid - for software will be offered -- Dark Room is $ 4.99 , if you want to go ahead and put that money aside .
No word on a launch date , but we 'll keep pushing for more .
We were just shown a demo of Sports Illustrated 's interactive magazine , and we gotta say , it 's mighty impressive -- embedded video , fully searchable , and some pretty clever tricks with geolocation that frankly exceed most anything we 've seen on the iPad thus far .
The web store -- for Chrome and Chrome OS -- will hit the dev channel " soon . "
Breaking : Superheroine to Wear Sensible Shoes
I can't believe I missed this on Friday , but DC 's new
NEO f/x ( in association with Farragut Films ) will be releasing two very special episodes of Starship Farragut .
How to Fuck
Based on the original Star Trek animated series , the animated episodes will have the same look and feel that best hookup apps you loved and enjoyed in the 70's , but are being SnapSlut .
net created using 21st century technology .
Best way to find a hookup
In addition to the fan - series regulars John Broughton , Michael Bednar , Holly Bednar and Paul R. Sieber , we hookup apps have Tim Russ , Chase Masterson , Chris Doohan and many more lending their local hookup app voices to these episodes .
We have had even more help by using dating apps which help you meet people nearby with similar interests .
Apps like Now Tease
Me have seen new members join all the time wanting one thing !
Enjoy !
Michael Struck
NEO f/x
President Obama late Thursday ordered most hospitals in the country to grant the same visitation rights to gay and lesbian partners that they do to married heterosexual couples .
In a memo to his Health and Human Services agency , Obama ordered the secretary to ensure that all hospitals getting Medicare and Medicaid money honor all patients ’ advance directives , including those designating who gets family visitation privileges .
The order also requires that documents granting power of attorney and healthcare proxies be honored , regardless of sexual orientation .
The language could apply to unmarried heterosexual couples too .
The presence of loved ones is more important during a hospital stay than at any other time , Obama wrote in his memo .
Yet widows and widowers with no children are often denied the “ support and comfort of a good friend , ” he said , as are members of religious orders .
Advertisement
“ Also uniquely affected are gay and lesbian Americans , who are often barred from the bedsides of the partners with whom they may have spent decades of their lives , ” he wrote .
In recent months , some leaders in the gay community have grown tired of waiting for the Democratic president to act on their issues since he took office more than a year ago .
But Obama has begun a steady campaign to repeal the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy regarding gays and lesbians serving in the military .
And his memo on hospital visitation rights touches on an issue of long - standing concern for gays and lesbians and their families .
Although it is not one of the more controversial items on gay activists ’ agenda , the visitation issue could still inspire a political fight .
One conservative thinker said late Thursday that the memo undermines the definition of marriage and represents government intrusion into healthcare .
Advertisement
The Obama memo is inspired in part by the case of Janice Langbehn , who was kept from seeing her partner , Lisa Pond , as she slipped into a coma .
Last September a federal judge rejected Langbehn ’s lawsuit against Florida ’s Jackson Memorial Hospital , saying there was no law requiring the staff to grant Langbehn access to Pond ’s bedside .
After signing the memo , Obama called Langbehn from Air Force One , according to a statement issued by Lambda Legal , which represented Langbehn in court .
“ It was very rewarding to hear , ‘ I ’m sorry , ’ from the president , because that ’s what I have wanted to hear from Jackson Memorial since the night Lisa died , ” Langbehn said in the statement .
“ I hope that taking these steps makes sure that no family ever has to experience the nightmare that my family has gone through . ”
Late Thursday , conservative leaders were just learning of the memo .
Advertisement
Peter Sprigg , senior fellow for policy studies at the conservative Family Research Council , said his organization does n’t object to people conferring a healthcare proxy or power of attorney on anyone they wish .
“ But in its current political context , President Obama ’s memorandum clearly constitutes pandering to a radical special interest group , ” he said .
“ The memorandum undermines the definition of marriage , and furthers a big - government federal takeover of even the smallest details of the nation ’s healthcare system . ”
But Rea Carey , executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , said she hoped there would not be a furious fight over the move .
Some people who oppose gay marriage or the repeal of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” have a different view on hospital visitation , she said .
“ There may be challenges to it , ” she said .
“ But what we have seen across the country is that , no matter how people feel about same - sex marriage , people are overwhelmingly supportive of a person ’s ability to have their loved ones around them at times of crisis .
. . .
No one wants to be alone in a hospital . ”
Advertisement
Several states , including California , give some hospital rights to gays and lesbians .
North Carolina recently gave patients the right to designate visitors whether visitors are legally related to the patient or not .
Delaware , Nebraska and Minnesota have similar laws .
In his memo , Obama told HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to “ expand on these important steps . ”
“ For all of these Americans , the failure to have their wishes respected concerning who may visit them or make medical decisions on their behalf has real consequences , ” Obama said .
“ It means that doctors and nurses do not always have the best information about patients ’ medications and medical histories and that friends and certain family members are unable to . . . help communicate patients ’ needs . ”
cparsons@latimes.com
Advertisement
khennessey@tribune.com
Cómo entender esto : un ex candidato presidencial desaparece en la puerta de su rancho y nadie sabe qué es lo que le pudo haber sucedido .
Un candidato a alcalde es asesinado junto con su hijo en una ciudad cerca de la frontera con Estados Unidos , lo que llevó a que otros candidatos a puestos de elección popular se retiraran de las contiendas electorales .
Una granada fue lanzada a las puertas de la oficina de la empresa Televisa al otro lado del país .
En otra parte de la nación , ocho estudiantes son asesinados mientras se divertían en un bar .
No son hechos concatenados o que respondan a una conspiración , pero marcan los tiempos violentos que se viven en México .
La cruzada nacional en contra de los carteles de la droga emprendida por el presidente Felipe Calderón al iniciar su gobierno en diciembre de 2006 , se le salió de las manos .
" No teníamos idea del poder de los narcotraficantes " , admitió Calderón la semana pasada en una entrevista con corresponsales extranjeros en vísperas de su viaje a España .
Esa falta de diagnóstico real ha provocado una guerra civil de más de 23.000 muertos , la mayoría delincuentes , pero también policías , militares y ciudadanos que no tenían nada que ver en esa lucha .
El problema ya le creció .
La violencia se ha extendido casi al 30 % del país y amenaza la vida democrática de México .
A los candidatos a puestos de elección popular asesinados o amenazados , se le suman campañas electorales para gobernador de importantes estados con mítines semivacíos por el miedo de la gente , o el caso de otros que van marcha en popa , pero perseguidos por nubes borrascosas por sus presuntos vínculos con los principales capos del narcotráfico .
En el desorden actual , el ex presidente Vicente Fox , al elogiar la estrategia de Calderón contra los narcotraficantes por haber roto el balance de los carteles de la droga , pide ahora que se restablezca ese equilibrio , sugiriendo una negociación con criminales y reducir así la violencia .
El presidente Calderón dice que es sólo percepción la idea de que se va perdiendo la guerra contra el narcotráfico , pero en Sinaloa , por mencionar uno de los estados del país con mayor historia delincuencial - la mayoría de los capos nacieron en esa entidad del Pacífico mexicano - , el 60 % de sus habitantes dijeron en una encuesta realizada por la empresa Parametría que los narcotraficantes habían traído más beneficios a la población que daño .
La percepción ya encontró sus realidades y transmitió el mensaje a las metrópolis , donde desde trincheras distintas e informaciones diferentes , se empiezan a cuestionar si el país se le está saliendo de las manos a Calderón .
Calderón se encuentra arrinconado .
Este miércoles inicia una visita de Estado a Washington , donde uno de sus temas era volver a insistir al Gobierno de Barack Obama que contribuya más en esa lucha mexicana por restablecer la seguridad total en México .
El problema es con qué cara va a pedir eso cuando recién acaba de desaparecer uno de los panistas - del partido de Calderón - más connotados de los últimos 25 años , ex candidato presidencial y con una relación vieja y profunda con dos prominentes miembros del gabinete de seguridad del Gobierno .
La desaparición de Diego Fernández de Cevallos , abogado prominente , socio de un ex procurador general , antiguo patrón del actual procurador y asociado del secretario de Gobernación - ministro del Interior - , provocó conmoción por ser el miembro de la élite política más prominente que resulta afectado por el entorno de violencia que se vive , que amplifica la sensación de vulnerabilidad que lleva el hecho que si una persona de sus características puede desvanecerse sin que nadie sepa nada hasta ahora , ¿qué puede esperar alguien sin su influencia y poder ?
Su desaparición , la matanza de los ocho jóvenes , el ataque a oficinas de una filial de Televisa y lo que está sucediendo con los aspirantes a puestos de elección popular en una línea de tiempo de menos de cinco días , fortalecen el sentido de indefensión ciudadana que ven que los diferendos en México hoy en día , sin importar sus orígenes y motivaciones , se están resolviendo por vías extralegales y sin consecuencias .
Los incentivos para vivir bajo la Ley de la Selva siguen siendo elevados .
En Culiacán , la capital de Sinaloa , la ciudad más violenta del país , mientras que hace una generación sus pobladores rechazaron a los narcotraficantes y los expulsaron de sus comunidades , hoy se puede escuchar a personas de bien que justifican que sus hijos se encuentren metidos en el narcotráfico porque " es mejor que vivan bien cinco años a que vivan mal toda la vida " .
En Zacatecas , los carteles de la droga han llegado a colocar retenes por horas en las carreteras federales para cobrar el " derecho de paso " , sin que sean molestados por la autoridad .
En ciudades fronterizas con Estados Unidos como Nuevo Laredo , en Tamaulipas , y Ciudad Juárez , en Chihuahua , hay empresarios que han pedido a miembros del gabinete de seguridad del Gobierno federal que la presencia de policías y militares han perjudicado a la economía local , buscando su retiro para restablecer ese " balance " que mencionaba el ex presidente Fox .
Tiene razón el presidente Calderón cuando argumenta que tenía que enfrentar a los cárteles de la droga que se estaban apoderando silenciosamente de territorio , pero en poco más de tres años de lucha contra los cárteles , provocó que la violencia emergiera y que los desafíos al Estado fueran públicos .
En una ocasión , el ex procurador Eduardo Medina Mora , actual embajador en el Reino Unido , admitió que lo que habían logrado era " sacudir el avispero " .
Ahora no saben cómo controlar a todas las abejas que pican mortalmente en todo el país .
No tenía idea el presidente de lo que estaban haciendo , como lo reconoce .
Qué drama .
Su candidez muestra la irresponsabilidad de una toma de decisiones que hoy afecta , invariablemente , a todos los mexicanos .
Key features
Is your website ready for a take off ?
ConveyThis is build around efficiency .
Our end - to - end website translation solution is ready to be deployed at any kind of website : WordPress , Shopify , Joomla , Drupal , JavaScript .
Our customers experience an average 50 % increase in website traffic when expanding their businesses in more than 5 languages such as English , Spanish , French , German , Russian and Arabic .
Simplicity .
ConveyThis has taken the simplicity to the next level .
No more hard coding required .
No more exchanges with language translation providers ( LSP ) needed .
Everything is managed at one secure place .
Ready to be deployed in as little as 10 minutes .
Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( pictured ) objected to a voice vote request by Sen. Robert Menendez on the bill .
Murkowski blocks oil liability bill
Alaska ’s senior senator blocked legislation Thursday that would have dramatically increased liability caps on oil companies , in the wake of one of the industry ’s biggest disasters .
Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) objected to a voice vote request by Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) on the bill , which would have spiked the maximum liability for oil companies after an oil spill from $ 75 million to $ 10 billion .
The legislation has significant support from Democrats , and the White House has indicated it backs an increase in liability caps .
Advertisement
But Murkowski said the legislation is “ not where we need to be right now ” and would unfairly advantage large oil companies by pricing the small companies out of the market .
Murkowski did signal that she would be open to " look at the liability cap and consider raising it . ”
Just not at this moment .
Menendez , speaking to reporters after the bill was halted on the Senate floor , said the opposition indicates that Republicans are on the side of the oil companies , not the American people .
There had been no formal floor debate or roll call vote requested on the legislation .
“ It ’s straightforward , it ’s common sense , ” Menendez said .
“ Either you want to fully protect the small businesses , individuals and communities devastated by a man-made disaster — this is not a natural disaster ; this is a man-made disaster — or you want to protect multibillion - dollar oil companies from being held fully accountable .
Apparently there are some in the Senate who prefer to protect the oil companies . ”
Sen. Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) called the current $ 75 million liability a “ spit in the ocean ” for oil disasters and lawmakers .
“ You want to make the money ?
Then pay the bills that come with the kind of devastation that they brought to our coast , our communities , our working people , and let them take some of the money that they ’ve made in that quarter and put it up and pay the bills , ” Lautenberg said .
The oil industry is vehemently opposed to this legislation .
The American Petroleum Institute , in a study released Thursday , said the proposal would result in a shortage of insurance coverage or skyrocketing premiums .
Costs for exploring and producing oil would jump 25 percent , the API said , and the proposal “ would threaten the viability of deep - water operations , significantly reduce U.S. domestic oil production and harm U.S. energy security . ”
Menendez compared the oil industry ’s position with that of Wall Street firms , which he said like to make a risky bet and keep the money when it comes through and pass off the risk when it goes bad .
“ I find it hard when the top five companies made in three months $ 25 billion and we ’re talking about $ 10 billion .
And so at the rate they ’re going , if they keep having quarters like the one they just had , we ’re talking about possibly $ 100 billion a year in profits , not proceeds , ” he said .
“ Ten percent is too much , is going to close down the industry ? ”
Originally Posted by hackerman1 Originally Posted by
it REALLY looks safe .
The Internet is buzzing ( mostly ) with criticism of a new song and video by Kiely Williams , former Disney “ Cheetah Girl ” and member of girl group , 3LW .
Her new single called “ Spectacular ” essentially an ode to a wild night of unconscious , drunken , unprotected sex .
In the song and the video , Ms. Williams chronicles her night out at the club where some random guy buys her lots of drinks and she decides to go home with him for “ spectacular ” sex .
That is n’t much different from most of what ’s on the radio now and is not particularly problematic .
But she takes it a step further when she sings : “ Last I remember I was face down , ass up , clothes off , broke off , dozed off , ” and “ You can say what you want , call me a slut but what he did to me last night felt so good we must have been on drugs .
I hope he used a rubber , or I ’m a be in trouble , problem is I do n’t remember … ”
She wrote this song , here ’s the video to match .
There are so many problematic things about the lyrics that the video is just icing on the cake .
I am no prude ; I appreciate sexual content in music and a good drink , but the public health messaging here is abominable .
I ’m assuming that at 23 , her main goal was more about making marketable music than educating the masses but subsequent events show that she realizes that her fan base is young girls , tweens and teens who have been idolizing her on the Disney Channel .
I certainly do n’t aim to shame her for having a one - night stand with a guy from the club , that is absolutely her decision as a young woman .
But it is problematic to reward this guy for having sex with you once you ’ve passed out from alcohol , and maybe other drugs , by telling him he could “ get it again . ”
Many women ( and men ) see this as glorifying date rape .
I wo n’t go that far because she may have wanted to go home with this man and have a night of casual sex .
I ’m not mad at that .
But it is creepy that he was having sex with someone so incoherent that they could n’t stay awake for the experience , and was n’t in the frame of mind to make sound decisions for themselves .
There ’s a gray area around her intentions for the night but he sounds like a dirtbag .
My mom would ask , “ where were this girl ’s friends ? ! ”
According to the song , they were busy taking pictures at the club of events she ca n’t remember .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Also , she is completely nonchalant about the fact that she does n’t know if her partner used a condom but hopes so because that could cause her “ trouble . ”
Yes , Kiely , you could end up with a sexually transmitted infection or an unintended pregnancy ( or both ) .
So in this scenario , you do n’t know this guy ’s name , or anything about him , except that he bought you lots of alcohol and that you wanted to run out of his home as fast as possible ( which sounds like regret and embarrassment ) .
It could n’t have been that spectacular then .
I am cringing because I believe this could be a relatively common story that has been glorified with a synth beat , fast editing and sequins .
Then I read the comments under her video and my fears are confirmed with people cheering her for breaking away from her Cheetah Girl persona and for the catchiness of the tune even if the words are “ ridiculous . ”
I ’ve had ; conversations on Facebook and Twitter about the idea of young women exploring their sexuality , particularly under the lens of the Madonna / whore complex .
It becomes even more exaggerated when teen stars whose entire livelihood depends on living up to a squeaky - clean , chaste image while suppressing normal sexual urges , become young adults and have to transition their career to stay relevant .
Exaggerated sexuality has become the traditional path ( see Britney Spears , Lindsay Lohan , Dana Plato from Diff ’rent Strokes , Jaimee Foxworth of Family Matters ) .
What are we creating by placing such pressure and expectations on these young people ?
They are acutely aware that their physicality is their profit from a young age , so it ’s a constant battle to keep pushing the envelope and claim a piece of the “ celebrity it - girl ” pie .
It appears that she is trying to maintain her connection with her core audience in the video below where only six months ago she advises a teen girl to “ be smart and safe ” before becoming sexually active .
Some Twitter friends pointed out that she is still young and is figuring out her sexuality .
Becoming a young woman who is comfortable in her sexuality can be confusing and difficult .
I know I had to learn a lot of lessons through trial and error , as most people do , and it ’s a constant process .
But what saddens me is that she has to do it in a public forum because of her desire for fame and success .
It ’s unfortunate because in this Internet era , this video wo n’t go away .
It is here for posterity and will always be connected to her name .
It ’s unfair in a sense to have the mistakes of your youth chronicled in this way but that ’s the other side of celebrity .
With no one really looking out for this young lady , she is learning hard lessons about her sexuality and creative expression .
Because of the uproar , Kiely ( and I assume her PR people ) quickly released a coordinated response claiming that this is more of a public service announcement than endorsement of reckless blackout sex :
I am an actor and performer .
I have been so since my first role in a television pilot at five years old .
I played a character when I was a Cheetah Girl .
I am playing a character in the music video for the song Spectacular , as I did in the Cheetah Girl movies .
Young women across the country get intoxicated and have unprotected sex .
That ’s a fact .
I recorded the song to bring attention to this frighteningly prevalent activity .
It is absurd to infer or suggest that I am condoning this behavior .
Are Lady Gaga and Beyonce advocating murder with the Telephone video ?
Of , course not .
Was Rihanna encouraging suicide with Russian Roulette ?
No .
Was Madonna suggesting that young unmarried girls get pregnant with Papa Do n’t Preach ?
I do n’t think so .
Is Academy Award winner Monique a proponent of incest because of her portrayal of Mary in the movie Precious .
Clearly , the answer is no .
I wrote Spectacular and made the video to bring attention to a serious womens ’ health and safety issue .
Please do n’t shoot the messenger .
I ’m not buying it and neither is most of the public .
Lady Gaga and Beyonce did n’t sing about murdering folks .
Madonna ’s classic , Papa Do n’t Preach , highlights the difficult situation of an unintended pregnancy .
In this case , the song and the video mirror each other with no way for the viewers ( adults or adolescents ) to discern that this is just art .
If the intention was to tell a cautionary tale , why is n’t there a message at the beginning or end offering resources or information ?
Furthermore , I ’m disgusted that her PR people are scrambling to help her defend herself in the aftermath , but were n’t there to advise her when she decided to create this mess .
But it is said that all press is good press ( even if it ’s bad ) and the mission is accomplished .
People are talking .
But no one is happy … except for maybe whoever is profiting from this young woman ’s body .
Maybe this is beside the point but Miss Kiely , have you ever had sex when you are at the point of passing out ?
I hope not because you would know that it is usually way less than spectacular .
It ’s probably closer to nauseating .
You can do better for yourself and your fans … and you deserve better .
Now can I give you hug , little sis ?
PRINCETON , NJ -- Between March and today , with the Gulf of Mexico oil spill intervening , Americans ' preferences for prioritizing between environmental protection and energy production have shifted from a somewhat pro-energy stance to an even stronger pro-environment stance .
The new results are based on a May 24 - 25 USA Today / Gallup poll .
In March , by 50 % to 43 % , Americans said it was more important to develop U.S. energy supplies than to protect the environment , continuing a trend in the direction of energy production seen since 2007 .
Now , the majority favor environmental protection , by 55 % to 39 % -- the second - largest percentage ( behind the 58 % in 2007 ) favoring the environment in the 10 - year history of the question .
Democrats had already put more emphasis on environmental protection than on energy production in March , but that position has gained strength among Democrats today .
Independents ' views have flipped from a majority pro-energy stance in March to a majority pro-environment one today .
In contrast , Republicans ' opinions have not changed since the oil spill occurred ; they continue to prioritize energy production over environmental protection by a 2 - to - 1 margin .
Americans ' shift toward a more pro-environment point of view is also evident in a separate trade - off question , which pits environmental protection against economic growth .
After the oil spill , the balance of opinion tips toward the environment by seven points , 50 % to 43 % .
Just over two months ago , Americans favored economic growth by a 15 - point margin , 53 % to 38 % .
These shifts on the environment vs. economy trade - off are more pronounced among Democrats and independents , but on this question even Republicans have shown slight movement in the direction of the environment .
Bottom Line
The recent oil spill has spurred a significant shift in Americans ' environmental attitudes .
For the last few years , Americans ' environmental concerns declined as the public placed a higher priority on pocketbook concerns like the economy and energy , likely due to the poor U.S. economy .
However , in just two months ' time , that trend has reversed , and the pro-environment position has regained the strength it showed for most of the last decade .
From this week 's California case reports :
Jensen Corporation Landscape Contractor v. McGuire & Hester ; Cabrillo Community College District ; Western Surety Co. , No. CV167244 ( filed Apr. 16 , 2010 ) .
Breach of contract .
The plaintiff suffered additional labor and material costs due to delays caused by the acts and omissions of defendant McGuire and / or defendant Cabrillo College .
Also the defendant has refused to take responsibility for the gophers and deer which were coming onto the Project grounds and impacting the plaintiff 's work by destroying plant materials installed by the plaintiff , and resulting in increased labor and material costs .
From 1967 to 2006 , Israel uprooted an estimated 2.5 million trees in the occupied territories Palestinian Pundit April 19 , 2010
From 1967 to 1999 , Israel uprooted an estimated 1,000,000 trees in the OT , and an additional 1,405,658 trees from 2000 - 2006 ( source : Status of the Environment , Applied Research Institute � Jerusalem ( ARIJ ) , 2007 )
On the uprooting of trees following the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 , Meron Benvenisti wrote :
" The destruction of hundreds of thousands of dunams of fruit - bearing trees does not fit Israel�s self - image as a society that knows how to " make the desert bloom . "
And the contention that the green Arab landscape had been destroyed because of the necessity of adapting the crops to the agricultural practices of the Jews only underscores the conclusion that it was not the war that had caused this devastation , but rather the disappearance of the specific human community that had shaped the landscape in accordance with its needs and preferences .
( " Sacred Landscape , " Berkeley : University of California Press , 2000 ; p. 165 )
And :
Report : 14000 Palestinian olive trees subjected to Israeli aggression in 2009
A Palestinian research centre , specialised in monitoring Israeli violations , revealed that the Israeli occupation authorities destroyed 14000 olive trees in the Palestinian territories during 2009 .
Such assaults included the uprooting of thousands of olive trees , for the sake of expanding the Israeli settlements , and the burning and cutting of thousands more by settlers .
:: Article nr. 65231 sent on 20 - apr-2010 04:08 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=65231
Link : palestinianpundit.blogspot.com/2010/04/from-1967-to-2006-israel-uprooted.html#li
nks
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
Any duplication in whole or in part of this web site is strictly forgiven .
Fair Use Notice :
This web site contains some copyrighted material whose use has not been authorized by the copyright owners .
We believe that this not - for - profit , educational use on the Web constitutes a fair use of the copyrighted material ( as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes that go beyond fair use , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
Fair
Use notwithstanding we will immediately comply with any copyright owner who wants their material removed or modified , wants us to link to their web site , or wants us to add their nude photo .
As Deepwater investigations turn up evidence of negligence -- including a blowout preventer that was out of batteries and had n't been properly tested -- it 's becoming obvious that someone will face criminal charges .
McClatchy quotes the former head of environmental crimes at the Justice Department , David M. Uhlmann : " There is no question there 'll be an enforcement action , and it 's very likely that there will be at least some criminal charges brought . "
Criminal charges would put an axe through a $ 75 million cap on civil charges for oil pollution .
The cap was already looking flimsy as Obama asked Congress to set a higher limit .
Prosecutors in criminal cases can seek twice the cost of environmental and economic damages resulting from the spill , according to McClatchy .
So what 's the damage ?
Deconstructing the facade of John Ensign Revelations on long history of arrogance expose a persona loyal only to John Ensign
Sun Archives Coverage of the Sen. John Ensign scandal
Sun coverage Sun politics coverage
Last summer , Sen. John Ensign was with his wife , Darlene , at Palace Station for a meeting of Nevada Republican women .
It was a somewhat awkward venue , coming soon after he had confessed to an affair with his best friend ’s wife , Cynthia Hampton , who had been Ensign ’s campaign treasurer and whose husband , Doug Hampton , had been his Senate co-chief of staff .
Ensign ’s chrome - colored hair just so and his shirt stiffly starched , as always , he plowed ahead .
“ I want to first acknowledge my lovely bride .
My wife , Darlene , is here .
Anybody who does this job knows that , without a very supportive spouse , we would n’t be able to accomplish the things we were able to accomplish , especially when I go to Washington , ” he said , awkwardness filling the air as if from a leaky propane tank .
“ I want to share a few thoughts with you tonight .
It ’s always great , though , to be among such , um , well , beautiful women . ”
That odd digression was followed by laughter .
“ Gorgeous room here tonight , I know that .
But also pretty , energetic women .
We ’re going to need that energy together , ” he said .
For the second - term Republican , who won re-election with 55 percent of the vote in 2006 , these tone - deaf — borderline obtuse — comments were just one example of increasingly arrogant behavior that goes back years , Republicans say .
In interviews with the Las Vegas Sun , more than a dozen friends , associates and Republican allies , some of whom have known Ensign for years , describe him as a politician who has grown narcissistic and reckless — a detached , self - righteous figure with almost no regard for those who helped send him to Washington or keep him there .
Ensign ’s actions in the wake of the affair , and the resulting investigations by the Justice Department and the Senate Ethics Committee have bled into the lives of his once - closest aides , associates and friends , as well as largely innocent bystanders and his family .
The sources , most of whom spoke to the Sun on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigations , said what rankles so many in Republican circles is that Ensign seems oblivious to the collateral damage caused by his actions , and unwilling to make the matter disappear by resigning .
Steve Wark , a longtime Nevada Republican operative , said Ensign ’s failure to make and maintain relationships has come back to haunt him .
“ What ’s made this more difficult for John Ensign is that when politicians get in trouble , other elected officials come to their aid out of devotion or obligation , ” he said .
It is telling that for Ensign , that has n’t been the case .
“ It was always , for the most part , about John Ensign .
That is fairly unusual — that lack of involvement and interest in other people ’s careers , or in party - building , ” Wark added .
According to recent reports in The New York Times and on KLAS Channel 8 and confirmed by the Sun , subpoenas related to the Ensign investigation have gone out to area businesses .
Although the investigation is focused on the senator , prominent Nevada businesses — including NV Energy , Allegiant Air , Rogich Communications and R&R Partners — have nevertheless been drawn into the embarrassing case .
“ To think I ’m even mentioned in this thing , ” one Republican roped into the case said in frustration .
Pete Ernaut , a principal with R&R Partners and one - time Ensign adviser , said , “ One unfortunate result from this whole situation is that a number of people , including me , have had their good names dragged through the mud when we had absolutely no involvement in any of the alleged improprieties . ”
The Ensign investigation apparently seeks to determine if he tried to make his problems with the Hamptons go away by leaning on businesses to hire Doug Hampton as a consultant .
The Times reported last week that Ensign sought financial assistance for P2SA , a small energy company , while he was urging the company to hire Hampton .
Eventually , Ensign ’s closest political aide , Mike Slanker , resurrected his dormant consulting firm November Inc. and hired Hampton , and Ensign worked to secure them clients .
Hampton , with Ensign ’s knowledge and possibly illegal encouragement , is alleged to have lobbied Ensign ’s staff , which if true would violate the law — former congressional staff cannot lobby for one year after leaving their jobs .
Ensign has acknowledged that his parents gave the Hamptons $ 96,000 as a “ gift . ”
Slanker did n’t return a call .
Hampton declined to comment .
Ensign apologized for the affair last year , but aside from blanket statements that he did nothing illegal or unethical , he has largely avoided detailed questions about the matter .
On Friday afternoon , Ensign ’s office e-mailed a statement : “ Sen . Ensign remains focused on the job that he was elected to do at the urging of Nevadans from across the state .
He continues to work on those issues that are most important to Nevadans such as strengthening our economy by creating jobs , reining in our national debt and enacting real health care reform . ”
•••
Even in the world of politics , where the mirror is everyone ’s favorite accessory , examples of Ensign ’s selfishness and arrogance are legion .
“ Narcissism would be the best word , ” a Republican insider said .
“ The power changes everything , ” another former associate said .
Given all that has since come to light , the person was incredulous describing Ensign ’s behavior in early 2009 .
The state ’s junior senator had been elected to lead his party ’s policy committee in the Senate after a stint as chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , the group dedicated to electing Republicans to the Senate .
Republicans lost eight seats .
Ensign had to have been distracted during his chairmanship .
He was busy with the affair and then efforts to make it go away .
And yet following that failure and with the cloud of the Hampton mess hanging over him , Ensign trekked to Iowa , the traditional proving ground for potential presidential candidates .
“ He be - bops off to Iowa ? ” the source marveled .
Long before Ensign prompted speculation about a presidential run , the warning signs of what they regard as character defects were there , Republicans say .
A GOP operative witnessed him working as a casino manager , the career bequeathed to him by his father before politics : “ He was an ass to his employees , barking orders , acting like a peacock . ”
Ensign married his money to political power when he won a House seat in the Republican wave of 1994 .
Chuck Muth , former executive director of the Nevada Republican Party and longtime conservative activist , recalled volunteering once at an Ensign fundraiser .
“ He treated us like hired help . ”
After losing to Sen. Harry Reid by a whisper in 1998 , Ensign ran again in 2000 and entered the world ’s most exclusive club — the U.S. Senate .
Republicans say his wife , Darlene , was displeased with the Washington lifestyle , which friends took as a portentous sign that Ensign should have heeded by returning to Nevada .
Instead , he was drawn deeper into the heady air of Washington , prodded on by a small , insular group of advisers , what one Nevada Republican called a “ cult of Ensign . ”
The Ensigns , the Hamptons and the Slankers .
They were together so much that there were “ wife - swapping ” jokes , although no one suspected the worst .
As a senator he was known as a show horse , not a workhorse — neither knowledgeable nor interested in the gritty details of policy or politics .
A Nevada Republican on a trip East to lobby Ensign and Reid said the difference between the two was striking : Reid knew the issues , paid attention , and assigned staff who later followed up .
The Republican might have expected even better treatment from Ensign given they shared a party label .
Not so .
Ensign was uninformed .
“ Two minutes in , Ensign is looking at his watch .
Five minutes in , he ’s gone .
Staff says they ’ll get back to me .
Never did . ”
Staff could hardly be blamed for dropping the ball — Ensign took pride in coming in under budget and giving office money back to the Senate , which meant he paid low salaries .
•••
With his mind focused on Washington and his own ambitions , Ensign paid little attention to Nevada politics or the fortunes of the state Republican Party , including developing political talent here .
Republicans were miffed by his absence ; his neglect is still costing the party , which is leaderless , adrift and without much of a bench .
“ Years later , when he ran into problems , there were n’t many people willing to have his back , ” a Republican insider said .
Something else bothered Nevadans .
“ The reason you do n’t see people rallying around him is he was so in your face about the morality stuff , ” a Nevada Republican operative said .
Ensign was active in Promise Keepers and openly evangelical , gushing with pious intonations .
After being found out and confronted by Doug Hampton , Ensign wrote to Cynthia Hampton to ostensibly end the relationship , and he pulled it off with a religious flourish : “ God never intended for us to do this .
I walked away from Him and my relationship with Him has suffered terribly . ”
The letter was something of a ruse , however , according to Doug Hampton , who has said in previous interviews that Ensign began to pursue his wife again almost immediately .
And here is a key paradox of Ensign ’s character , assuming he is not driven by pure malice .
How could a man proclaiming to worship Jesus Christ , whose ministry was about selfless devotion to others , discard the lives and emotions of friends , family , associates , staff ?
An answer might be found in the house where Ensign wrote that letter to Cynthia Hampton .
It was the now - infamous C Street house , a shared residence where Ensign lived , and one of several properties in the Washington area owned by “ The Family , ” the shadowy Christian group whose members inhabit the highest reaches of American influence .
D. Michael Lindsay , a Rice University sociologist who studied The Family or as it is alternately known , The Fellowship , for years , said the group teaches a “ soft Gospel ” of nonjudgmentalism .
“ I could n’t find any instances when they had a word of judgment or condemnation for people in their circle , ” he said .
Lindsay said people in the upper echelon of power - soaked Washington “ would benefit from greater accountability in these small circles , but it tends not to happen in the case of The Fellowship . ”
He finds no coincidence in the adultery scandals of Ensign and two other members of The Family , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford and Mississippi Sen.
Chip Pickering , Lindsay said .
Theirs is a religion , in this telling , shaped more by access to power and influence than by divinely commanded ethical precepts .
Ensign ’s residence at the C Street house has led to yet more trouble , as Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington has filed a complaint against Ensign and his housemates — eight senators and representatives , in all — accusing them of paying below - market rent at the house , therefore violating the congressional gift ban .
Jeff Sharlet , whose book “ The Family ” details the history and influence of the group , said that despite its mostly conservative membership , its theology is far from rigorous or conservative .
“ They want the juice of piety without thinking it through , ” Sharlet said .
“ It ’s not that you ’re allowed to do anything .
It ’s that what you do is not the criteria for leadership .
What matters is not that Ensign is a swell guy .
It ’s that he ’s chosen , ” Sharlet said .
Although The Family is a secretive group , determining who is chosen seems relatively uncomplicated : Powerful elected and business leaders are in .
Ensign ’s days as a member of elite Washington appear to be numbered , however .
With the FBI investigating , “ it ’s every man for himself , ” a Republican operative said .
And finally , “ No one perjures himself for John Ensign . ”
Sun reporters Michael Mishak , Lisa Mascaro and David McGrath Schwartz contributed to this report .
CORRECTION :
This story was changed to reflect that Ensign is in his second term . |
TWO British women who allegedly tried to smuggle a dead relative onto a flight out of England Weekend at Bernie 's - style have been arrested .
Kurt Willi Jarant , 91 , was in a wheelchair and wearing sunglasses as his widow and her daughter attempted to check him in at Liverpool John Lennon Airport , northwest England .
Airport staff helped the elderly man , who suffered from Alzheimer 's , out of a taxi into the wheelchair when he arrived for his flight .
Bodies :
What really happens when people die on planes
But officials became suspicious and took his pulse , discovering he had passed away .
Police then detained his widow Gitta Jarant , and her daughter , Anke Anusic , at the airport on suspicion of having failed to give notification of death .
They have been released on bail .
The pair , who live in Oldham , northwest England , denied he was dead when they brought him from their home to take the flight to Germany .
A police doctor said he had been dead for more than 24 hours , according to Ms Anusic , but she fiercely denied this .
" They would think that for 24 hours we would carry a dead person ? " the 41 - year - old told the BBC .
" This is ridiculous .
He was moving , he was breathing . "
The pair said they thought that with his eyes closed the elderly man was asleep .
" He was alive .
He was pale but he was n't dead , " Ms Anusic added .
Gitta Jarant , 66 , told the broadcaster her husband , whom she called Willi , was " the best man in the world . "
" Everyone loved him and everyone was in shock about his death , " she said .
" I loved my Willi . "
" So many people had seen him in the previous 24 hours .
We had checked his temperature and checked his wellbeing .
The accusations are wrong , " Ms Anusic said .
Bodies :
What really happens when people die on planes
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
Follow our travel reporter and travel editor 's Twitter blog
Originally published as Women caught with dead body at airport
Carrier takes aim at AT&T's lead in new market .
Google less involved than headlines suggest .
If you read the headlines this morning , you might think The GooglePad is coming soon .
Verizon , Google Developing iPad Rival
Google , Verizon in Talks About a Rival to Apple 's iPad
There 's a big dollop of yellow in that journalism .
The truth is there is no Google Pad in the works .
Verizon will carry Android tablets just like it carries Android phones .
That 's much different from suggesting Google is developing an iPad rival .
Here are the facts : Verizon and Google were in talks about how to bring phones to market ( an important discussion to have , given this embarrassing episode ) , and Verizon 's future tablets came up in the conversation .
" What do we think the next big wave of opportunities are ? " Verizon Wireless CEO Lowell McAdam said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal .
" We 're working on tablets together , for example .
We 're looking at all the things Google has in its archives that we could put on a tablet to make it a great experience . "
That " working on tablets together , " in context , means Verizon is looking at Google 's toolbox , and discussing the marketing strategy with Mountain View .
It does not mean the Google Pad cometh .
The GooglePad should never and will never cometh .
What Google offers the new tablet industry is Android , an open operating system than ANY device maker can use .
Whatever Verizon ends up offering , it will not be THE GooglePad .
It will be one of many tablets running Android , manufactured by one of many handset makers using Android , running on one of many telecoms carrying Android pads .
The confusion is understandable .
Once upon a time , Google tried to create the appearance of THE Google Phone , a carrier - agnostic device with an exclusive aura of Googleness .
It sold the Nexus One on its own site ( google.com / phone ) and promised that various telecoms would soon be lining up to carry it .
But it was a flop .
The device ended up being carrier - centric ( T - Mobile ) as others ( Verizon , Sprint ) opted out in light of unimpressive sales .
Google learned its lesson .
There will be no Nexus Two , no GPad .
To the company 's credit , their people tried to explain this to the press ahead of Wednesday morning 's stories :
" Google has nothing to announce at this time , " the company said in an e-mailed statement to Bloomberg .
“ Anyone can take the Android platform and add code or download it to create a mobile device without restrictions , ” the company said .
“ We look forward to seeing what contributions are made and how an open platform spurs innovation . ”
While Google wants to distance itself from the GPad notion , however , Verizon has an interest in fueling a little confusion here .
It needs to catch up with AT&T in the tablet industry .
Ma Bell runs the iPad and the Kindle , the sector 's two pioneers .
Convincing some folks that Big Red is the premier Android dealer would help the mojo .
While Verizon 's entrance into the tablet space would likely warm many consumers ' hearts ( the carrier is widely percieved as having more reliable coverage , at least in the Silicon - Valley - centric tech blogosphere ) its entrance could actually come at a cost to consumers .
The Kindle 's data connection costs zilch , and the iPad 's optional plan is a mere $ 14.99 .
I think that 's artificially low , a deal AT&T agreed to in exchange for branding exclusivity .
McAdam seems to think so , too .
" With multiple devices , customers are likely to end up paying more for connecting their gadgets to the next - generation network than they do today , " he told the WSJ .
[ image : a 1080 p , 4G tablet developed by Verizon and NVIDIA with a Motorola model , showcased at CES in January ]
Image Credit Flicker User Herper715
The species above is known as the Tiger Quoll because of the markings on his fur , but there the resemblance ( if there ever was any ) ends .
Like many marsupials they are odd animals , at least to those of us on continents where we are surrounded by mammals .
They grown up to thirty inches in length and have hairy tails around six inches in length .
The Tiger Quoll ’s ( above ) diet includes birds , rats and mice and although it spends most of its time on the ground it regularly climbs trees .
It has a single litter each year and can have as many as six young ( one for each nipple ) .
Once the young are born they get to the mother ’s pouch and stay there for up to seven weeks – becoming fully independent in eighteen .
Although the species is nocturnal it is a sun worshiper and likes to spend the day basking in sunlight .
Image Credit Wikimedia vulnerable .
Let 's hope that the steps being taken by the Australian government will ensure its continued existence for the future .
The quoll is considered an endangered species and is on the International Union for Conservation of Nature list under the status .
Let 's hope that the steps being taken by the Australian government will ensure its continued existence for the future .
You may not have heard of the quoll .
However , do not suspect they are a creature of invention .
These small marsupials are native to Australia and Papua New Guineau and – as you can see – they are extremely appealing to the eye .
Above is an Eastern Quoll fawn .
The tribe ( that 's a rank between family and genus ) that the quoll belongs to also contains the much better known Tasmanian Devil .
One peculiar fact about the quoll is that they only develop a pouch ( where their young will grown after they are born ) once the breeding season is in progress .
The pouch is towards their tail area .
They have six nipplies and can have several young ( or joeys ) at the same time .
Above is another Eastern Quoll , found in Tasmania .
Quolls are quite happy living in forest or in open land and live mostly on the ground .
However , over the millennia they have had reason to take to the trees and are quite happy among the branches too .
They do not have prehensile tails which would enable them to grab hold of branches with their tails to aid climbing .
The above climber is a Spotted or Tiger Quoll , found in eastern Australia .
However , quolls do have ridges on the pads of their feet , a feature which is common among arboreal animals .
Although their colour is usually the brown that you can see in most of the pictures here , they can morph black , such as the Eastern Quoll example above .
These little guys have very very strong teeth and so although they look cute and cuddly a nip from one of them would be very painful .
These teeth are used to rip apart their prey .
This has included the cane toad , introduced in to Australia in 1935 .
Unfortunately the cane toad is highly toxic and has threatened the number of quolls .
Altogether there are six species of quoll and their genus is called Dasyuru , which gives them one of their alternative names , the daysure .
There is now a capture program in process ( see above ) to help out the quoll in terms of the cane toad problem .
The Northern Quoll ( above ) is the smallest of the six species and rarely grows longer than thirty centimeters in length .
A peculiar feature of the Northern is that after mating the males invariably die and the females are left alone to raise the young .
They live mostly on fruit and small vertebrates but despite their size and timid appearance they are happy to scavenge in campsites .
Liberal blogs and media watchdogs are harping about a new clip circulated by progressive filmmaker Michael Moore which they say demonstrates yet another example of Fox News ’ anti-Obama bias .
The clip , broadcast May 22 as President Barack Obama delivered a speech to military cadets at West Point , appears to omit applause Obama received during the speech .
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Moore tweeted about the Fox coverage in a little - noticed posting Sunday .
Liberal media watchdog Media Matters picked up the clip on Monday , adding its own analysis and a copy of the White House ’s official video , which clearly shows Obama receiving applause .
On Tuesday , the brouhaha was written up at The Huffington Post .
In Fox ’s version , after Obama delivers a line in which he promises to end active Iraq combat operations by this summer , Obama appears to look around the room in silence .
In the White House version , however , Obama ’s line , “ We are poised to end our combat mission in Iraq this summer , ” is met with substantive applause .
Media Matters remarks : “ Now , maybe Fox did nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t intentionally remove the audience applause .
Maybe FoxÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s video used a direct feed from ObamaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s microphone , and it simply did nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t pick up audience noise .
But if Fox did nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t intentionally try to make Obama look silly , why did it choose a 2 - minute clip — out of a 32 - minute speech — that portrayed Obama looking silently around the room , seemingly for no reason ? ”
Fox News ’ original story , with the clip , is available here .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fox News ’ clip of the speech :
The official video from the White House website ( the omitted applause can be heard at the 10:28 mark ) :
Courtesy : Chris Weeks / Getty Images
Project Runway : Jessica Alba will serve as a guest judge on Thursday 's episode .
Clearly , it 's because Heidi Klum was running out of flawlessness , and the competition needed someone to pick up the slack .
Yeah , right .
The designer hopefuls will have to create an outfit for an " opinionated celebrity , " and Jessica will assist in the judging .
Who is the opinionated celebrity ?
Susan Sarandon !
Kidding , it will actually be Heidi herself .
Glee : Sources confirm that Glee is looking for a " fiftysomething Filipina or Hispanic actress " who will have a recurring role as , get this , Sue Sylvester 's ( Jane Lynch ) maid , Amelda .
We can only assume that Sue will be extremely PC and appropriate with her .
Or the exact opposite of that .
The Mentalist : It 's Bring Your Spouse to Work Day !
Owain Yeoman , who plays investigator Wayne Rigsby , will appear with his real - life wife , Lucy Davis , on the May 6 episode .
Lucy will play Daphne , the widow of a murder victim .
True Blood : Waiting does suck , but this new promo for season three makes it less sucky .
24 : We know , the pain from the cancellation is still fresh , but 24 on the big screen is still a big possibility .
A film has been in the works since February , and star Kiefer Sutherland says he and executive producer Howard Gordon are " excited about the opportunity to create the feature film version of 24 . "
Howard is quick to remind viewers that right now " it 's about ending the show right and doing it with the same level of intensity and commitment that we started with . "
Amen to that .
Bones :
Holy clues , batman !
TVGuideMagazine.com has posted a photo of a skeleton on display in the Bones writers room ... and it 's covered in items that represent every season five episode , even the ones that have n't aired yet !
Feel free to blow up the photo to poster size to decipher each clue .
We wo n't judge .
Por 12 mil d�lares dan informaci�n a 2009 que recaban los gobiernos ; la han adquirido tanto grupos del crimen organizado como agentes policiacos
EN OFERTA .
Los delincuentes del barrio bravo cuentan con una enorme gama de productos , incluso con el registro total de la poblaci�n carcelaria del pa�s , que contiene fichas signal�cticas y los �lbumes de polic�as tambi�n con fotograf�a .
( Foto : Mar�a de la Luz Gonz�lez )
Lunes 19 de abril de 2010
Mar�a de la Luz Gonz�lez | El Universal
Microsoft 's security patches sometimes fix more problems than their descriptions let on .
This is not a new problem , nor is it unique to Redmond .
As much as anything else , it is a consequence of the way patches are produced : when a vendor is analyzing and fixing one flaw , they might well discover other flaws in the same piece of code , and their patch will fix the whole set .
However , research by one security company , Core Security Technologies , suggests that in so doing , Microsoft may be underplaying the significance of various patches , which may lead companies to be less aggressive in rolling out patches for critical flaws .
In particular , the company believes that secret fixes in two of last month 's patches make the patches more important than Microsoft 's bulletins suggest .
It has issued its own bulletins to discuss the additional fixed flaws .
Core Security Technologies analyzes patches to produce attacks for use with its penetration software ; it uses real exploits to detect network vulnerabilities .
Attackers do the same : comparing patched files to unpatched files to learn exactly what was patched is a common technique , which is one of the reasons that accurate assessments and timely deployment are so important .
Corporate policy at Microsoft — and many other vendors — is to not disclose these internally - discovered flaws .
They are mentioned neither in the industry - wide CVE database , nor in the notes to each bulletin .
If the public flaws are less serious than the other flaws that a patch repairs , there is a danger that the importance of the patch will be underestimated by users , and that they will be lulled into a false sense of security .
In conjunction with the fact that releasing a patch often makes exploitation of the flaw more likely ( due to the aforementioned analysis of the patches ) , this is a dangerous situation .
Both of the fixes in question were given an " Important " rating , Microsoft 's second highest , and even with the additional flaws taken into consideration , those ratings are still likely to be reasonable .
Nevertheless , it is still an issue to consider in the future : there may be more to a patch than meets the eye .
news During the Men ’s Hockey Final , Toronto Held It
Image courtesy of the City of Toronto .
During the climactic men’s hockey game at the end of this winter ’s Olympics , Toronto was united by a lot more than enthusiasm for sports .
As this graph of the city ’s water usage during the game clearly shows , Torontonians were also remarkably synchronized that night in the timing of their trips to the washroom , with massive spikes in water consumption to coincide with each intermission in play and a huge dip in usage following Sidney Crosby ’s winning goal .
This was almost certainly due to toilets , citywide , flushing , and not flushing , in unison .
Bladders were straining together all over Toronto .
It brings a tear to the eye .
Similar graphs showing water usage in Edmonton and Winnipeg have already made the news ―but this graph , from Toronto Water , our city ’s water - supply agency , is the first evidence we ’ve seen of game - time washroom synchronicity specifically in Toronto .
We imagine a graph of beer consumption during the game would show pretty much the inverse , if what happened afterward is anything to go by .
Federal authorities have joined the investigation into the alleged beating of a University of Maryland student by Prince George 's County police , Chief Roberto Hylton said .
During a victory celebration in the streets of College Park after a March 3 Maryland basketball victory over Duke , police on horseback confronted students .
Initially , police said one of the students attacked officers and their horses .
The student was charged with felony assault .
But a videotape of the confrontation tells a different story , and charges against the student were dropped .
Video shows Jack McKenna being beaten by police .
" It 's like something out of a bad movie , " said his grandfather , Jim McKenna .
" He retreated .
He stepped back at least one step and I think maybe two , and they sat down on him . "
A retired Montgomery County Circuit Court judge , Jim McKenna thinks the officers involved should be in jail , charged at least with assault with intent to maim .
" They see a kid coming their direction who 's happy because the team had won , and what , precisely , was their motivation to go over and try to beat him to death ? " he said .
Two officers have been suspended -- including the writer of the statement of charges -- and other suspensions are expected , police said .
The department believes it has identified all the officers seen in the video -- with some of the officers stepping forward voluntarily -- but is not releasing those identities because of threats , police said .
All suspended officers will be identified by name once all suspensions have been made , police said .
" There 's a public interest in this and there 's a public right to know what 's happening with their police department , " said Prince George 's County police Maj .
Andy Ellis .
" We saw a videotape that is disturbing , and so there is a right for the public to know , and we must balance that right with due process rights of the officers involved and also safety . "
Ellis noted that in such a situation as the Maryland celebration , officers are dealing with fires being set and items being thrown , but the department is reviewing its procedures in such situations .
" I respectfully ask the public and the media at large to await passing judgment and allow the established internal investigative process to work , " said Prince George 's County Fraternal Order of Police President Vince Canales .
Authorities are conducting an internal investigation , a criminal investigation and a civil rights investigation .
FBI agents are reviewing the video and all the events of that night to see if civil rights laws were violated , said spokesman Rich Wolfe .
An officer pulled off the student 's bandage and told him not to report an injury , said the student 's attorney , Terrell Roberts , on " Today " Wednesday morning .
Prince George 's County police are conducting an internal investigation to determine which officers were involved in the incident .
It was an isolated incident , and the actions of a few officers should not taint the entire department , Hylton said .
A Superior Court judge has ruled that a phalanx of probate attorneys were justified in collecting $ 576,000 from an 88 - year - old widow the court was ( supposed to be ) protecting .
The judge rubber - stamped half of the fees without even holding a hearing into whether they were reasonable .
Judge Pro Tem Lindsay Ellis also signed off on the Sun Valley Group helping itself to more than $ 417,000 in guardian and companion care fees .
Meanwhile , Supreme Court Chief Justice Rebecca Berch this week announced a new initiative aimed at improving protections for vulnerable people .
Among the issues to be addressed : fees charged by guardians and fiduciaries .
She could start with the astounding case of Marie Long , an old lady worth $ 1.3 million when she came under the protection of Maricopa County 's probate court in 2005 .
Today , she 's destitute and depends on taxpayers for support .
Which , we are told , is in no way the fault of those who wound up with all of her money .
In a take - no - prisoners 21 - page ruling issued Monday , Ellis described the fees that put Marie Long into the poorhouse as " reasonable , necessary and for the benefit of the ward . "
She blamed Marie 's court - appointed attorney Jon Kitchel , along with Dan Raynak and Pat Gitre , attorneys for Marie 's sisters , for driving up costs , saying their " venomous " and " hateful " attacks on the trustee , the guardian and their attorneys forced the other side to defend themselves .
With Marie 's money , of course .
The opinion was lauded by Sun Valley Group , which withdrew as Marie 's guardian when her money ran out in November .
Says Sun Valley 's CEO , Peter Frenette : " I am grateful for the court 's decision as it finds ' there is no legitimate dispute about SVG or its performance of its duties as guardian for Long . '
The court confirmed that this has been an unfair attack not just on SVG but also the guardianship process . "
I , too , am grateful for the court 's decision as it proves my point all along , which is simply this :
The court that is supposed to be protecting people like Marie Long is doing no such thing .
Instead , the court is allowing a cozy group of lawyers and fiduciaries who are appointed to help vulnerable people help themselves to a nice pile of cash - until the money is gone , at which time the " ward " is dumped onto the taxpayers .
Then the court approves the spending , in a ruling I like to call " Ellis in Wonderland . "
Down the probate rabbit hole , Ellis says the three people to blame for stripping Marie of her assets were the people who collected nothing from her .
( Kitchel did collect $ 15,000 four years ago but since then has worked for free , as have Gitre and Raynak , the son - in - law of one of Marie 's sisters . )
Meanwhile , the people lauded by Ellis as tireless advocates for Marie were the ones who wound up with all of the old lady 's money .
The sisters who visit Marie regularly were cast by Ellis as greedy villains whose continuous complaints about Marie 's treatment drove up costs while the California niece who controlled her money - and has n't seen Marie in four years , according to court records - was the victim of the sisters ' unwarranted attacks .
I first wrote about Marie in October .
How she was worth $ 1.3 million when she was put under the protection of probate in 2005 .
How her attorney Kitchel began begging Ellis to do something in November 2008 when he discovered that hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal and guardian fees were going out the door .
How he , Gitre and Raynak followed up with motion after motion asking the judge to stop the bleeding before Marie was sucked dry .
How Ellis did n't do a thing and how the drain actually accelerated as the various parties feeding on Marie 's money used what was left of her money to defend their use of her money .
Until finally , it was gone and she was tossed on the state 's welfare rolls for long - term care .
In her ruling this week , Ellis wrote that Sun Valley was entitled to $ 182,000 in guardian fees and $ 235,000 in companion - care fees .
Ellis said Sun Valley , as guardian , was entitled to assign itself and profit as caregiver , never mentioning a Supreme Court rule that bars fiduciaries from " self dealing or the appearance of a conflict of interest . "
Ellis gave a blanket approval to Sun Valley 's bills , calling them " reflective of the micromanagement required of a guardian when dealing with a problematic family . "
Yeah , like the $ 19.50 Marie was charged when one Sun Valley employee had to call another Sun Valley employee for directions to a restaurant .
Like the $ 106 Sun Valley charged to pick up her hearing - aid batteries .
Like the $ 62 to discuss among themselves a kitchen grease fire caused by one of their own employees and the $ 32.50 to go to the bank for Marie .
I could go on .
All these things Ellis found reasonable .
Likewise , she was OK with Marie paying $ 576,000 to attorneys - more than $ 330,000 to trustee 's attorney Brenda Church 's law firms , while nine other attorneys divvied up the rest .
Church did n't respond to a request for comment .
A colleague of hers , who asked not to be identified , called the ruling " a complete vindication . "
Kitchel and Gitre called it basically business as usual .
" This is not an isolated case , " Gitre said .
" What the minute entry is saying to me . . . is that you do n't screw around with the people that are in the probate system and if you do , you 're going to get punished and the person that 's protected is going to get punished . "
In her ruling , Ellis lambasted Kitchel , Gitre and Raynak , saying they refused to negotiate and launched a " crusade to vilify the fiduciaries and attorneys . "
She even blamed them for a federal RICO lawsuit filed on Marie 's behalf by another attorney .
" What Raynak , Gitre and Kitchel fail to recognize is that their litigious behavior and lack of compliance with probate rules and procedures created the evil against which they so loudly complained , " Ellis wrote .
" The costs of these proceedings and the diminution of estate assets cannot be lodged solely against the Trustee and Guardian . "
Finally , we agree on something .
I do n't blame Church , et al for slurping up every dime they could inhale .
It 's what lawyers do - a lot of them anyway .
Likewise , I do n't blame Kitchel , et al for refusing to give in and accept the heavy drain from Marie 's account under the threat that they 'd drain even more if he did n't keep quiet and go along with it .
The one who should be answering questions is the one who never ruled on any of Marie 's pleadings to intervene .
The one who stood by and allowed that giant sucking sound to go on and on and sadly on .
Ellis might want to spend some time peering into , rather than through , the looking glass .
What do you do when you are the prime minister of a bankrupt country and your only recourse is to get the Washington D.C. - based IMF to come in and tell you you have to cut wages by about 120 % and fire 75 % of the country ( especially after the same Germans you recently demanded WWII reparations from , mysteriously have decided in the eleventh hour to have their last laugh at your expense ) .
Why , you send in the national guard , armed with fake six - pack ridged bulletproof vests and gas masks , to repeat the miracle of Thermopylae against the marauding population which has suddenly realized that the past 10 years of chimeric happiness were a one - time miracle thanks to Mr Goldman and fat , and somewhat stupid , uncle Almunia .
The next thing you do , once you realize you are about to have a [ revolution|uprising |civil war ] is to declare a moratorium on your €300 billion of debt , make your people happy and stick it precisely to the same bankers that you complain about every single day for " speculating " against you .
Tomorrow Greece will face the trifecta of a much delayed hangover as 1 ) its bonds hit 9 % as the hedge funds who have been buying up in expectations of a snapback capitulate , 2 ) EuroStat declares its deficit was officially 14 % , and 3 ) a Greek civil servant strike in their fourth national walkout this year .
Bloomberg reports .
The strike will shutter hospital and schools and also affect ministries and government offices , according to an e- mailed statement from Athens - based ADEDY , the umbrella group for more than 500,000 state workers .
It will hold a rally in central Athens at 11 a.m. local time .
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou is under fire from voters who say his austerity measures have gone too far and from investors who argue that further action is needed to cut the EU ’s largest budget deficit .
As Greece meets EU and International Monetary Fund officials to agree on the conditions tied to any loan , the extra yield investors demand to hold Greek debt over German bonds has surged to a record 522 basis points .
“ Papandreou is caught between a rock and a hard place , ” said Jacques Cailloux , chief European Economist at Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc .
“ The market has zero confidence in what the Greeks are saying , and any further austerity measures pushed for by the IMF could be the ones that break the camel ’s back if they are deemed unfair by the population .
He does n’t have any option though . ”
Today ’s strike is n’t expected to affect public transport or air traffic , after air - traffic controllers postponed a planned walkout to clear a backlog of flights caused by the spread of volcanic ash from Iceland across Europe .
PAME Hellas , a union affiliated with the Greek Communist Party , called its own labor action .
Members of the group blockaded entry to the port of Piraeus yesterday , preventing ferries from sailing .
Others picketed luxury hotels in the city center , including at least one where IMF negotiators are staying .
“ We must dare , otherwise we will be led like lambs to the slaughter , ” said Aleka Papariga , head of the Communist Party of Greece , the third - largest parliamentary party .
“ The working people are n’t about to be used to allow passage of policies that will bring the worst barbarity we ’ve seen in the past 35 years . ”
That 's funny , cause America recently allowed passage of policies that would make Greek debt - to - GDP ratios seems like a midget in Liliput compared to the monster our own Treasury is about to spawn .
Yet , as always , it is n't until it is far too late to fix something proactively that the people of any country , be it Greece or the US , wake up from their deep slumber .
Greece has now officially woken up ( we will show you footage of tomorrow 's hopefully non-violent riots to confirm ) .
We wonder how long before America does the same .
h/t Rodrigo
Maggie Koerth - Baker is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
A freelance science and health journalist , Maggie lives in Minneapolis , brain dumps on Twitter , and writes quite often for mental_floss magazine .
I really need to start keeping a list of my favorite ludicrous plans , if for no other reason than so I can say , " This is my absolute favorite ludicrous plan , " and not have it be just hyperbole .
That said , I 've been working for mental_floss in some capacity since I graduated college in 2004 .
In that time , I have read about a lot of grandiose , impractical ideas .
But this is one I go back to when I 'm having a bad day and need cheering up .
In 2003 , CalTech planetary scientist David J. Stevenson proposed a way to send a probe down into the depths of the Earth .
Published in Nature , " Modest Proposal : Mission to the Earth 's Core " laid out a detailed plan for inter-Earth investigation–it was brilliant , theoretically possible ( or so I 'm told ) and only briefly mistaken for an April Fool 's joke .
For your convenience , I have taken the liberty of breaking Stevenson 's proposal down into four steps .
Step 1 : Get $ 10 billion .
Surprisingly , this is not the hardest part .
Step 2 : Find a nation willing to take one for the team , by letting you blast a 984 - foot - deep hole in their country with a nuclear bomb .
Step 3 : Pour in enough molten iron to fill your new crevasse .
Hopefully , gravity should now kick in , pulling the heavy metal toward the center of the Earth and lengthening your original hole at a rate of about 10 miles per hour .
At that speed , your iron river should reach the Earth 's core in a week or so .
And , naysayers , never fear .
According to Dr. Stevenson 's calculations , high pressures below ground would reseal the earth after the iron passed by –preventing any awkward uncloseable chasms .
Step 4 : Before the flow of iron gets moving too fast , toss in a probe .
For maximum effectiveness , said probe should be able to withstand temperatures surpassing 3000° Fahrenheit and pressures 1000 times greater than the bottom of the deepest ocean .
It also has to have a strong enough signal that it can reach the center of the Earth and still transmit some data back to you .
As you go through the bidding process , do remember that you get what you pay for .
And , in case American manufacturing has lost its edge , let 's go with an unmanned probe .
Better safe than sorry .
Image is courtesy Michael Rogalski .
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 5/3 - 5 . Likely voters .
MoE 4 % ( 3/29-31 results )
GOP primary , Governor Jan Brewer ( R ) 32
Buz Mills ( R ) 14
Dean Martin ( R ) 13
John Munger ( R ) 5
Undecided 36 GOP primary , Senate John McCain ( R ) 48 ( 52 )
J.D. Hayworth ( R ) 36 ( 37 )
We did n't poll the governor 's race last time , an oversight on my part .
In the Senate primary , McCain is now under 50 percent .
These numbers are actually quite similar to the polling average , though Rasmussen is the usual outlier with a much tighter race .
In the general election :
Senate John McCain ( R ) 48 ( 52 )
Rodney Glassman ( D ) 35 ( 33 ) J.D. Hayworth ( R ) 43 ( 48 )
Rodney Glassman ( D ) 42 ( 37 )
Yup , start rooting for J.D. Note that McCain is only getting 10 percent of Latino support .
He got 74 percent of Latinos in 2004 , and 40 percent of them in his presidential bid in 2008 .
And now he 's down to 10 percent .
The Arizona GOP has lost Latinos , virtually overnight .
That will have an impact this year , and it'll have an impact on John Kyl 's race in two years , and into the future .
Governor Jan Brewer ( R ) 42
Terry Goddard ( D ) 48
Goddard has double - digit leads on the rest of the GOP field .
Jan Brewer 's support among Latinos is nine percent , while once upon a time Republicans routinely got at least 40 percent of the Latino vote In statewide races .
Arizona Republicans are about to learn the same lesson that California Republicans learned -- waking a sleeping giant is never a good idea .
One more nugget , we are now asking the Health Care Law repeal question in every state we poll .
In our previous poll of Arizona , the repeals had the edge , 44 - 39 , with independents choosing repeal 39 - 33 .
This week , it 's a 42 - 42 split , with Independents also tied on the question 36 - 36 .
The GOP is boxed into repeal .
If the public continues to warm to the health care law , the GOP 's fall strategy takes a serious blow .
Residents on the Gold Coast are furious after a group of neo -Nazi white supremacists were allowed to hold a gathering on the Queensland tourist strip over the weekend .
Gold Coast Mayor Ron Clarke condemned the gathering , organised by a group calling themselves the Southern Cross Hammerskins , but said he was powerless to stop it .
The skinheads organised the gathering alongside the international hate groups Blood and Honour and Crew 38 but very little else was known about it .
Anyone who was interested in going was merely told to email an organiser named Tattooed Aryan .
That person would then arrange to pick them up and take them to a secret location .
Gold Coast police monitored the weekend event and say it passed without incident but they would n't be interviewed about it and they would not say exactly where it took place .
They also would not comment on how many people turned up .
Councillor Clarke says while he was absolutely opposed to it happening , there was nothing he could do to stop it because it was held on private property .
" You can't account for people 's political leanings , tastes , or stupidity , can you ? " he said .
The gathering started about 7:00 pm on Friday when a group of about 30 skinheads turned up at a suburban restaurant in Ashmore on the Gold Coast .
Some of the heavily tattooed and shaven - headed men displayed swastikas .
Others were wearing t- shirts with the slogan " Blood and Honour " .
Blood and Honour is a global skinhead network which was banned in Germany in 2000 for spreading Nazi messages .
Sociologist Alec Pemberton from the University of Sydney says Australians should be worried about the group 's activities here .
" These are white supremacists and they 've actually been engaged in other countries in real acts of terror , " he said .
" [ Oklahoma bomber ] Timothy McVeigh and people like that , they 're along those lines .
" My point would always be , you are better off knowing about them , knowing where they are , what 's going on , than having them undercover and underground . "
The so - called Hammered Music Festival was promoted as the first event of its kind on the Gold Coast in fliers and over the internet .
Promoters touted it as a weekend of " sun , surf and racialist musical mayhem " .
" These events are n't just about music - they 're about networking and meeting new comrades - so we look forward to seeing ya [ sic ] and hopefully many other good white folk there , " one promoter said .
The ABC tried to contact a number of members of the skinhead groups who organised the event , but all requests were ignored .
However Blood and Honour 's online radio stream reveals that members often get together " to build a strong , white community " .
Queensland Deputy Premier Paul Lucas is unimpressed .
" Those sort of attitudes of that sort of people are disgraceful and disgusting , " he said .
But the president of the Gold Coast North Chamber of Commerce and Industry , Tony White , says there could be a case for the state government to go further if skinhead groups continue to meet on the Gold Coast and cause trouble .
" If it escalates , I think something maybe has got to be put to law by the State Government , " he said .
" We know that they can bring in these laws - they ban bikie gangs , so if they can ban bikie gangs , they can ban these outlaw Nazi gangs ... if they start causing problems that is . "
You can grab a nitro cold brew ( $ 5 ) and kvetch about politics with a friend , extend date night into the next morning with a hoecake ( $ 13 ) and pork belly ( $ 9 ) brunch , or hoist an after - hours Paloma ( $ 7 ) with your cubicle mates .
In 1843 , celebrated American banjo player Joel Sweeney was booked for eight nights in the Adelphi in Edinburgh and his signature tunes were " Jenny Get You Hoecake Done " and Knock a N*** down " .
Shields join the narrower or more idiosyncratic excellence of Sam Bowers Hilliard 's Flog Meat and Hoecake : Food Supply in the Old South , 1840 - 1860 ( Carbondale , 1972 ) , Joe Gray Taylor 's Eating , Drinking and Visiting in the South : An Informal History ( Baton Rouge , 1982 ) , John Egerton 's Southern Food : At Home , on the Road , in History ( New York , 1987 ) , Elizabeth Engelhardt 's A Mess of Greens : Southern Gender and Southern Food ( Athens , 2011 ) , Jessica B .
Instead of feeding the hungry and clothing the naked , these rapacious harpies would , were their powers equal to their will , snatch from the hearth of their honest parishioner his last hoecake , from the widow and her orphan children their last milch cow !
The antipathy in our culture between the urban and nonurban is so durable it has its own vocabulary : ( A ) city slicker , tenderfoot ; ( B ) hick , redneck , hayseed , bumpkin , robe , yokel , clodhopper , hoecake , hillbilly , Dogpatch , Daisy Mae , farmer 's daughter , from the provinces , out of Deliverance .
Despite her Lamarckian genetics , this admirable American democrat of rural Indiana , this baker of hoecake , harbors the conventional New World prejudice against aristocrats .
Owsley , Plain Folk of the Old South ( Baton Rouge : Louisiana State University Press , 1949 ) ; Forrest McDonald and Grady McWhiney , " The Antebellum Southern Herdsmen : A Reinterpretation , " Journal of Southern History , 41 ( May 1975 ) , 147-166 ; Sam Bowers Hilliard , Hog Meat and Hoecake : Food Supply in the Old South , 1840 - 1860 ( Carbondale : Southern Illinois University Press , 1972 ) ; Jon L .
After showing up in a gym yesterday the Motorola Shadow aka Droid2 was leaked again this time exposing a HDMI port .
The user is also confirming the specs such as the 4.1 - inch display , 720MHz CPU , 8GB internal memory , 8 GB memory card and a 8 megapixel camera .
The HTC EVO 4G on Sprint might have a competitor from Motorola on the Verizon network .
The device is expected to run on the Android 2.2 operating system .
Looks like the Droid will strike back again !
Engadget via HoFo
In its HTML5 support , IE9 will support playback of H.264 video as well as VP8 video when the user has installed a VP8 codec on Windows .
Google 's plan to open - source the VP8 video codec it acquired when it purchased a company called On2 has n't exactly been a secret , and the company 's finally made it official today as part of a new format called WebM .
The WebM container is based on Matroska , with VP8 video and Ogg Vorbis audio streams packed inside -- Google says the format is efficient enough to support playback on lower - power devices like netbooks , tablets , and handhelds , while the encoding profiles are simple enough to limit complexity when you 're trying to create WebM files .
WebM is open - sourced and licensed royalty - free under a BSD - style license , so all those H.264 patent licensing concerns should n't be an issue -- and as you 'd expect , Mozilla is supporting WebM right off the bat , with support in Firefox nightly builds as of today .
Chromium nightlies will also support WebM as of today , with Chrome early access builds getting support on May 24 -- and Opera is listed as " coming soon .
" Google 's also going to be supporting the format as an option for YouTube playback , so that should drive adoption in a big way -- if you 're running these latest Firefox or Chromium nightlies you can actually try it out now .
The big question , of course , is whether Apple and Microsoft will roll WebM support into Safari and IE and onto their mobile platforms .
We 'll see -- Google definitely has the ability to push a format into the mainstream .
Industry support announced at I/O -- including Adobe , who'll be rolling VP8 support into Flash Player .
Take note of the hardware partners , though : AMD , ARM , Broadcom , Freescale , NVIDIA , Qualcomm , and TI , among others .
Missing in action ?
Intel
The always - reliable Mary Jo Foley at ZDNet says she 's heard Microsoft will be supporting WebM in IE9 .
That 's a big deal if it 's true , but we 'll have to wait for confirmation -- IE9 is n't due out for a year , so a lot can change in the meantime .
Fingers crossed .
Microsoft 's made an official statement on its blog -- while the company is " all in " with HTML5 , IE9 will only come with H.264 installed be default due to technical and IP concerns .
HTML5 / VP8 playback will be supported , but users will have to download and install the codec separately , which does n't bode well for widespread adoption .
Here 's the money quote : [ Thanks , Sean
Tony Hayward , the beleaguered chief executive of BP , has claimed its oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is " relatively tiny " compared with the " very big ocean " .
In an bullish interview with the Guardian at BP 's crisis centre in Houston , Hayward insisted that the leaked oil and the estimated 400,000 gallons of dispersant that BP has pumped into the sea to try to tackle the slick should be put in context .
" The Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean .
The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume , " he said .
US authorities estimate that about 5,000 barrels of oil a day are leaking from the damaged pipeline lying on the seabed after attempts to stem the flow failed .
The spill began just over three weeks ago when a buildup of gas erupted from a well being drilled by BP in seabed about 1,500 metres ( 5,000 ft ) below sea level .
When the gas ignited at the surface , the explosion sunk the rig , the Deepwater Horizon , and 11 workers were killed .
Hayward promised that BP would " fix " the disaster , which is on course to eclipse the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill as the biggest US oil spill in history .
" We will fix it .
I guarantee it .
The only question is we do not know when . "
But the BP boss admitted for the first time that his job was on the line because of the Gulf of Mexico disaster .
Asked if he felt his job was already under threat , he replied : " I do n't at the moment .
That of course may change .
I will be judged by the nature of the response . "
Hayward stressed that BP 's efforts to contain the spill had succeeded in dispersing the oil and preventing large amounts reaching the shoreline around the Gulf .
But environmentalists are concerned about the unseen damage being done to marine life by the oil , which is sinking to the seabed .
Hayward said that BP was " increasingly confident " that progress was being made in trying to find ways to seal the faulty blow - out preventer , which failed to shut down the well and stem the flow of oil .
This week , US politicians attacked BP and the other companies involved in the drilling when they gave evidence at Senate hearings into the disaster .
But Hayward insisted that deep - water drilling would continue in the US despite the growing environmental and political backlash against the company .
" Apollo 13 [ the unsuccessful third mission to the moon in 1970 ] did not stop the space race , " he said .
" Neither did the Air France plane last year coming out of Brazil [ which mysteriously crashed ] stop the world airline industry flying people around the world .
It 's the same for the oil industry . "
He pointed out that the Gulf of Mexico , much of it in deep waters , represented one - third of the US 's oil and gas production .
He insisted that BP was in far better shape to respond to the disaster than it was five years ago under his predecessor , Lord Browne .
In 2005 , 15 workers died in an explosion at BP's Texas refinery .
BP was then fined a record £ 53 m by the US authorities , who also criticised the company 's safety culture .
BP also suffered a pipeline leak in Alaska in 2006 .
" In the last four or five years we have made major improvements in safety performance .
It has made the company much better …
Four years ago it could have been very different , " Hayward said .
BP 's share price has slumped since the disaster .
BP told the City yesterday it had now spent $ 450 m ( £ 304 m ) fighting the oil leak , but some analysts put BP 's total bill for the clean - up and damages at $ 23 bn .
President Barack Obama has now proposed scrapping a cap on BP 's liability for the spill .
Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling contractor which owned the Deepwater Horizon , filed papers in a Houston court on Thursday seeking to limit its legal liability to $ 27 m .
Hayward said it was " unwise " to speculate about the direct causes of the accident before investigations had been completed .
" There is a lot of speculation , red herrings and hearsay . "
He also admitted that BP had made mistakes in its early response to the crisis .
It initially refused to compensate fishermen who were unable to produce written proof of their normal earnings .
Most keep no such records .
He also said BP had made a mistake when fishermen signing up to help with the relief effort were required to sign agreements limiting their receipt of any future damages from BP .
" It was a bit bumpy to get it going .
We made a few little mistakes early on . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Brave Mexicans dodge fireworks at an annual display in Tultepec , held to honour the patron saint of pyrotechnics San Juan de Dios .
Great job CNN !
I guess Erick has n't quite " grown up " yet , has he ?
I wonder if Howard Kurtz is going to ask him about this one .
From Media Matters -- CNN 's Erickson : I 'll " [ p ] ull out my wife 's shotgun " if they try to arrest me for not filling out the American Community Survey :
From the April 1 edition of WMAC's In the Morning with Erick Erickson : ERICKSON : This is crazy .
What gives the Commerce Department the right to ask me how often I flush my toilet ?
Or about going to work ?
I 'm not filling out this form .
I dare them to try and come throw me in jail .
I dare them to .
Pull out my wife 's shotgun and see how that little ACS twerp likes being scared at the door .
They 're not going on my property .
They can't do that .
They do n't have the legal right , and yet they 're trying .
Media Matters has the entire transcript up in their post .
As usual , we get a voice of sanity from Jon Stewart who slammed CNN for hiring Erickson in this segment .
UPDATE : For clarity , Erickson was not talking about filling out the standard Census form .
As noted in the Media Matters article , he was reading portions of and commenting on this article in The Weekly Standard , The Orwellian American Community Survey which complains about the American Community Survey which is an extension of the Census .
Not that it excuses his rhetoric in any way , shape or form .
Olivia Nicolson , 25 , an events manager , and Chris Grady , 25 , a forensic officer with NSW Police , have been together for four years and have a very healthy sex life - engaging in sex three to four times a week - with both of them initiating it .
'' We 're both pretty similar in what we want , '' Mr Grady said .
'' I probably want it a little more than Olivia , but on the whole we just really enjoy being with each other . ''
Ms Nicolson said she often wanted sex every day .
'' When I 'm not tired from work I would say that I would want it almost every day , '' she said .
When it comes to a date most likely to put us all in the mood , a romantic dinner was favoured by a third of both sexes but according to 61.8 per cent of men and 52.4 per cent of women , there is nothing quite like a cosy night in to ignite passion .
Dancing is the unanimous winner for both sexes when it comes to activities most likely to turn us on , with 65.9 per cent of women and 50 per cent of men preferring a boogie over outdoor pursuits and pub - based pastimes such as pool .
As for sex itself , the survey suggests we 're all stuck in a bit of a rut .
Rushed foreplay was named as the biggest issue for 37.8 per cent of women while 35 per cent of men complained women never initiate sex .
The leading candidate all season has been Ryan Miller of the Buffalo Sabres .
He has consistently been at or near the top of the GAA and Save % stats .
Lately people who do n’t see a lot of West Coast games have come to realize that Ilya Bryzgalov is the biggest reason Phenix has surprised everyone with their strong season – he ’s leding in shutouts and third in wins .
Of course there are other candidates – who would have predicted Tuukka Rask taking over as # 1 in Boston from the reigning Vezina trophy winner – much less leading the league in GAA and save % himself , as he does today including being the only goalie with an average under 2.00 .
Prior to 1982 the Vezina was awarded simply to the goalie(s ) with the team that allowed the fewest regular season goals .
As I write this New Jersey and Boston are tied with 181 goals against .
Since 1982 though the NHL GMs have voted on the best goalie and the WIlliam Jennings trophy took on the old Vezina criteria .
Under the current formula there have never been different winners from the same team in back - to - back years .
Rask might well change that , though few would have him as the favorite this year .
Jimmy Howard is coming on strong in the Calder race for top rookie , yet Rask is also a rookie and does n’t seem to get as much Calder attention of late .
So , please vote and let us know in the comments if you ’d like to justify your pick – especially if you go “ off the board ” – Jimmy Howard anyone ?
Martin Brodeur ?
Tomas Vokun ?
Nabby ?
[ poll id = ” 9 ″ ]
Billions of years of evolution have yielded a variety of natural materials , like spider silk and gecko pads , with properties that we 're only now just attempting to mimic .
Inspired by the structure of Titin , a muscle component that 's likely to be the largest protein on Earth , researchers have produced a mesh of material with a similar structure that shows excellent elastic properties .
Not only is the work itself impressive , but the design principles behind it may help drive the production of custom - designed proteins for specific uses .
The Titin protein itself has some remarkable properties , but its sheer size makes it almost impossible to work with .
In a world where proteins that are 300 amino acids long are common , Titin clocks in at about 33,000 .
Distilled down to atoms , it has the ludicrous chemical formula C 169723 H 270464 N 45688 O 52243 S 912 .
Most studies of the protein itself have looked at its behavior in isolated muscle fibers , since isolating the protein or producing it in bacteria is simply impossible .
( I would n't be surprised if it 's physically comparable in size to a bacteria , but I 've not found information to confirm that . )
Despite the inconvenience , researchers have found that it's a remarkably elastic protein , and have ascribed that behavior in part to the many repeated subunits that make up the overall protein structure .
Many parts of the protein can fold up into globular structures , which are thought to cluster together ; stretching the protein simply causes them to temporarily pull apart .
So , the researchers behind the new work simply built a manageable version of Titin .
They spliced together a gene that encoded four of these globular regions , separated by spacers from the resilin protein , which ( as the name implies ) is another resilient , elastic protein .
The resilin spacers were chosen because they appear to be very flexible and have little ordered structure under normal conditions .
The resulting protein was small enough to be produced in bacteria .
Once purified , the authors tried stretching it out using an atomic force microscope .
The result was a very clean pattern of strain .
As the initial force was applied , the protein stretched out with little resistance , thanks to the resilin spacers .
Once those were fully extended , though , a sawtooth pattern became apparent , as the strain would increase as each of the globular portions of the protein were pulled apart .
Once opened up , the strain would actually decrease until the next globular portion began being pulled open .
All told , opening up each cluster allowed the protein to extend by a total of 18nm ; releasing the strain allowed the protein to snap back into its native configuration .
Dumping urea onto it , which chemically unfolds proteins , eliminated its elastic properties , indicating that they are dependent upon the protein 's underlying structure .
Of course , a few dozen nanometers is n't exactly useful , so the authors developed a procedure for creating a mesh from the protein .
A single catalyst , when added to a solution of the protein , could chemically crosslink neighboring molecules together ( for the technically inclined , the catalyst caused tyrosine residues to dimerize ) .
The resulting materials could handle strains as high as 135 percent before failing , and would quickly snap back to their normal shape when strain was released .
In essence , the material acted a bit like a shock absorber , easily stretching a bit before exerting increasing levels of resistance as the strain rises .
That 's not the sort of performance that 's ready to replace the materials we 're already using when elasticity is key .
But the authors point out that the protein mesh is completely biodegradable , and unlikely to set off any adverse reactions if used in a medical implant .
But , in the long term , it 's the basic approach that might be most significant .
The authors started with a design goal — build an elastic substance — and were able to pick a set of protein domains with the appropriate properties , string them together , and get roughly what they intended .
It would seem that there 's no reason that additional properties , like binding a specific chemical or catalyzing a reaction , could n't be tacked on in the same way .
In fact , there are a few barriers to arbitrarily extending this work , but they are n't especially serious limits .
For one , not every protein structure will be compatible with a given design goal .
So , for example , there are probably some useful pieces of protein , like catalytic domains , that simply wo n't be elastic — if you pull them open , they 'll stay open , and you could kiss the catalytic activity goodbye .
There are also a variety of useful protein domains that we do n't fully understand , or can't be broken up to convenient pieces for use elsewhere .
Still , the raw biological toolkit is staggeringly large , and we 've got a fairly good grip on a lot of it .
Most of synthetic biology has focused on stringing together new combinations of genes , but the ability to string together new combinations of gene fragments seems equally promising .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature09024 ( About DOIs ) .
As Congress appears to have roused itself to action , so too has the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Moody ’s recently disclosed that the commission had warned that it might sue the company .
At issue are a number of former Moody ’s executives who allowed some European derivatives to keep their high ratings even after it became clear that the grades were the result of a computer glitch .
The particulars of the suit , however , are n’t as important as the signal that it has sent .
“ This along with the Goldman Sachs lawsuit is a clear indication that the S.E.C. wants us to believe that it ’s getting tougher , ” says Lawrence White , a professor of economics at New York University .
“ The S.E.C. wants the world to know that the cop is back on the beat . ”
IT ’S too early to say what Washington ’s legislative and regulatory actions portend for the rating agencies , but already they have altered the sense , prevalent as recently as three months ago , that these companies are in a business so complicated , and operating in an economy so fragile , that it is best to leave them undisturbed .
Perhaps legislators have been emboldened to fiddle with our nation ’s troubled financial machinery because the economy is stronger , making any tinkering less threatening to the entire contraption .
Maybe it is part of a populist anger over Wall Street bonuses and the banks ’ exceptionally strong earnings reports .
Whatever the cause , the atmospherics have changed .
A similar shift might be happening in the courts , though if Ron Grassi ’s lawsuit is any indication , beating the rating agencies legally is still a very difficult maneuver .
Image Mr. Grassi in the “ war room ” in his house .
He sued the rating agencies after losing $ 40,000 .
Credit ... Max Whittaker for The New York Times
The origins of his case can be traced to 2004 , when he and his wife , Sally , were looking for very safe investments for their retirement years .
A broker explained that the high ratings awarded by the three agencies — A+ from S.& P. , A1 from Moody ’s , AA - 1 from Fitch — were proof the Lehman bonds were all but risk - free .
They expected that by 2023 , they would have their $ 40,000 in principal back , plus $ 90,000 .
next - arrow
Why join Scottish Labour ?
People from all across Scotland have joined Labour to work together for real change - for the many , not the few .
Find out why .
next - arrow
About your membership
Becoming a member unlocks a ton of opportunities .
Find all of the resources and information you need to make the most of your membership .
next - arrow
Get involved with Scottish Labour
There are countless opportunities that you can take part in .
So , do n’t delay - we ’d love to have you on board .
next - arrow
Join Scottish Labour
Join our movement today and play your part in building a country for the many , not the few .
Francisco Nemenzo .
By Reihana Mohideen , based on an interview with well - known Marxist Francisco Nemenzo
May 6 , 2010 --
An important political development in recent years , a result of the widespread opposition to the government of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo [ known in the Philippines as GMA ] , is the radicalisation of junior officers and soldiers of the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) , which has drawn a new generation into progressive politics .
Several military rebel groups have recently emerged .
These include the Magdalo , led by Lt. Col.
Antonio Trillanes , who is currently imprisoned by the Arroyo government , and Para sa Bayan , whose key leaders are also in jail .
Trillanes contested the 2007 senate elections while imprisoned , with little or no resources or publicity , and still managed to garner around 11 million votes to win a senate seat ( which is the official count , so the actual vote is very likely to be higher than this ) .
General Daniel Lim , who was recently acknowledged as the leader of the various military rebel groupings including the Magdalo and Para sa Bayan , is also running for a senate position in the May 10 , 2010 , elections this year , albeit from behind bars .
Colonel Ariel Querebin , currently imprisoned by the Arroyo government , is also running for a senate position .
Lt. Sg. James Layug , a recently released Magdalo leader , is running for a congress seat in Taguig ( Second District ) .
Francisco Nemenzo , well - known Marxist and the former president of the University of the Philippines , is active in the campaign to elect Danny Lim and features in television advertisements in support of Lim .
In a recent letter to staff and students of the University of the Philippines , entitled " How I will vote " , Nemenzo explains his support for Danny Lim :
Of almost 90 contestants for 12 senatorial seats , General Danilo Lim stands out .
He is not the soldier we love to hate .
He exemplifies a thinking military officer who sees his job as defending the Filipino people , not protecting their oppressors .
He is painfully aware of what is wrong with the military and police , but he is not one who merely growls without doing something about it .
In February 2006 he made the bold decision to withdraw support from Gloria Macapagal Arroyo , outraged by the revelation in the Garci tapes that soldiers were used to cheat in the 2004 elections .
When Arroyo ’s minions in the House of Representatives aborted the impeachment process , he realized that defiance was a patriotic act .
He reminded himself that he swore allegiance to the republic , not to the incumbent President .
Danilo Lim is one of the few respected generals in the armed forces .
His military education in West Point heightened his sense of nationalism instead of turning him into a little brown American .
He earned exemplary combat record as an officer of the Scout Rangers .
He was teaching mathematics in the Philippine Military Academy when he helped organize the Young Officers Union .
He is a man of impeccable integrity and was never involved in human rights violation .
Danny Lim would have been a strong contender for AFP chief - of - staff had he sold his soul to GMA .
When it came to a crunch , he heeded the people ’s clamor for the ouster of his commander - in - chief .
Now that Danny Lim is pursuing his advocacy for system change in the electoral arena , I shall vote for him and the three other senatorial candidates who stood for the ouster of the illegitimate president in 2006 .
If elected , they will symbolize our continuing struggle for a just , democratic , modernized and independent nation .
The military rebels , like the left , have been unable to put up a unified ticket .
According to Nemenzo , “ [ The military rebels ] had different origins .
There seems to be a difference between the Philippine Military Academy 1990 batch and the batches after 1995 .
They also had different field experiences : the Scout Rangers , the Marines , the SWAG , the Air Force the regular navy , etc . ”
Nemenzo ’s assessment is that the military rebels were “ never united organisationally ” but unlike the left which “ was once united but split , distinct groups [ amongst the military rebels ] are easier to unify than former comrades ” .
Nemenzo is also supporting Col. Ariel Querebin , Risa Hontiveros ( Akbayan leader running on the senate ticket of the Liberal Party presidential candidate Noynoy Aquino ) and JV Bautista ( Sanlakas and Partido Lakas ng Masa , running on the senate ticket of the former president Erap Estrada ) .
In his letter Nemenzo also explains his position on the electoral system :
I do not consider elections as the essence of democracy ; in most instances they serve as a façade for oligarchy .
I cannot even consider elections in the Philippines a “ simula ng pagbabago ” .
Change will not come as a result of the coming elections , regardless of who wins .
The colossal problems we face today are rooted the system of elite rule .
For as long as this system prevails , any change will be superficial and its benefits will not trickle down to the masses .
[ Reihana Mohideen is from the international desk of the Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Power of the Labouring Masses Party .
This article first appeared at Reihana Mohideen 's website , Socialist Feminist .
It is part of a series on the May 10 Philippines election , which can be read HERE or at Socialist Feminist .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
I ’d like to close my remarks with some considerations about why we need to even have this discussion .
When a libertarian like Gary or Sheldon comes out for free markets , but against capitalism , he ’s often met with the charge that he ’s just playing with words , or trying to change the vocabulary of our [ sic ] message in a misguided ploy to appeal to people who do not share our [ sic ] economic views . [ ]
There is not much to say to that , except to point out that the use of capitalism really is more complicated than that .
There are several meanings attached to the word , which have coexisted historically .
Those meanings are often conflated and confused with each other , and capitalism 1 , the peculiar technical use of the term by pro-capitalist libertarians to refer strictly to free markets — free markets in the very broadest sense , markets as spaces of unbounded social experimentation ) is only one of these among many , neither the original use nor the use that ’s most commonly used today .
Free market anti-capitalists are n’t trying to change anything ; we ’re using the word capitalism in a perfectly traditional and reasonable sense , straight out of ordinary language , when we use it to describe the political privileges we ’re against ( capitalism 2 ) and the nasty structural consequences of those privileges ( capitalism 3 ) .
But the worry at this point may be whether it ’s even worth it to fight over that particular patch of ground .
To be sure , equivocal uses and conflation of terms is a bad thing — it ’s important to distinguish the different meanings of capitalism , to be clear on what we mean , and to get clear what our interlocutors mean , when we use the term .
But once you ’ve done the distinguishing , is it worth spending any great effort on arguing about the label capitalism , rather than just breaking out the subscripts where necessary and moving on ?
If the argument about capitalism has helped draw out some of the economic and historical points that I ’ve been concentrating on in these remarks , then that may be of some genuine use to libertarian dialogue .
But once those points are drawn out , are n’t they the important thing , not the terminological dispute ?
And are n’t they something that nominally pro- capitalist libertarians would also immediately object to , if asked ?
All libertarians , even nominally pro- capitalist libertarians , oppose corporate welfare , government monopolies , regulatory cartels , and markets rigged in favor of big business .
So why worry so much about the terminology ? [ ]
I certainly sympathize with the impulse — I ’m an Analytic philosopher by training , and subscripting is one of the favorite tools of my trade ; if I have to choose between debates about the word capitalism and debates over the state - corporatist interventions I ’ve been discussing , I think the latter is always going to be a lot more important .
Further , when we are trying to understand what other people have said about markets or capitalism , it ’s important to remember that considerations of charity absolutely call for this kind of approach — when a libertarian writer praises capitalism meaning freed markets , or when a libertarian writer condemns capitalism , meaning capitalism 2 or capitalism 3 , the best thing to do is just take them on their own terms and interpret their argument accordingly .
But there ’s a lot to argue about here that ’s not just about labels , and it ’s not always clear that that ’s something that we all readily agree on .
What about when it ’s not clear that the writer has really consistently held onto the distinction between free markets and actually - existing capitalism ? [ ]
What about when we ’re not just talking about single positions on isolated policy proposals , but talking about the bigger picture of how it all works — not just the individual pieces but the gestalt picture that they form when fitted together ?
When , that is , it really starts to matter not only how a writer would answer a list of questions if asked , but also which questions she thinks to ask in the first place — which features of the situation immediately come to mind for analysis and criticism , and which features are kept as background or afterthoughts ?
To put a finer point on it , let ’s consider not only how we should understand others ’ word choices ( which calls for interpretive charity , in part , because it ’s not up to us ) , but also how we ourselves should choose words to describe our own position ( which certainly is ) .
Rhetoric is a complicated art , and intimately related to the context of the particular conversation you ’re having .
I have n’t had space in my remarks to survey all the considerations , or even most of the important ones , about the rhetorical question of which meaning of capitalism to favor , or whether simply to abandon the term .
But before I leave off , I do want to touch briefly on one consideration — the question of paradigm cases , of what sorts of examples we take as typical , or characteristic , or especially illustrative of what free markets are and how they work . [ ]
When we ’re looking at the broader picture , at how political and economic structures play off of each other , we ’re talking about a structure that has a foreground and a background — more important and less important features .
And one of the important questions is not just what may be encompassed by the verbal definitions given for our terminology , but also what sorts of paradigm cases for markets and voluntary society the terminology might suggest , and whether the paradigm cases that it suggests really are good paradigm cases — whether they reveal something important about free societies , or whether they conceal or obscure it .
I would argue that identifying a free market position with capitalism — even if you are absolutely clear that you mean capitalism 1 , that this encompasses all kinds of market exchange and all kinds of voluntary social experimentation outside the cash nexus — offers a particular picture of what ’s important about and characteristic of a free society , and that this picture tends to obscure a lot more than it reveals .
This is where the question of labels and terms move beyond mere semantics , and has some real cognitive import .
The question is how we picture freed - market activity — whether our model is something that looks a lot like business as usual , with a few changes here and there around the edges , or whether our model is something radically different , or radically beyond anything that currently prevails in this rigidified , monopolized market .
Do we conceive of and explain markets on the model of a commercial strip mall : sanitized , centralized , regimented , officious , and dominated by a few powerful proprietors and their short list of favored partners , to whom everyone else relates as either an employee or a consumer ?
Or do we instead look at the revolutionary potential of truly free markets to make things messy — how markets , without the pervasive control of state licensure requirements , regulation , inspections , paperwork , taxes , fees , and the rest , so often look more like traditional image of a bazaar : decentralized , diverse , informal , flexible , pervaded by haggling , and kept together by the spontaneous order of countless small - time independent operators , who quickly and easily shift between the roles of customer , merchant , contract laborer , and more ? [ ]
When we choose a term that is historically so closely attached to workplace hierarchy and big business , and a term which linguistically connected with the business of professional capitalists ( that is , people in the business of renting out accumulated capital ) , this naturally influences the kind of examples that come to mind , fetishizing the business of professionalized capitalists at the expense of more informal and simply non-commercial forms of ownership , experimentation and exchange .
It tends to rig the understanding of markets towards an exclusive focus on the cash nexus ; and it tends to rig the understanding of the cash nexus towards an exclusive focus on the most comfortably capitalistic — hierarchical , centralized , formalized and businesslike — sorts of enterprises , as if these were so many features of the natural landscape in a market , rather than the visible results of concerted government force .
Freeing the freed market from the banner of capitalism , on the other hand , and identifying markets with the opposition to mercantile privilege , the expropriation of labor , and the resulting concentrations of wealth in the hands of a select class , brings a whole new set of considerations and examples into the foreground .
These new paradigm cases for free markets are deply important if they encourage a wider and richer conception of what ’s in a market , a conception which does n’t just theoretically include mutualistic alternatives and social experimentation outside the cash nexus ( as some sort of bare possibility or marginal phenomenon ) , but actually encourages us to see how these forms of free association and exchange might take on a prominent , even explosive role in an economy freed from the rigged markets and many monopolies of state - supported corporate capitalism .
The free market anti-capitalist holds that it ’s precisely because of those rigged markets that we have the strip mall rather than the bazaar , and precisely because we have the strip mall rather than the bazaar that so many working - class folks find themselves on the skids , confined to ghettoes , caught in precarious situations , and dependent on a highly rigidified capitalists ’ market .
Since this cruel predicament is so central to how most people experience the market in everyday life , it ’s vital that advocates of free markets take a position that clearly reveals , and marks out as important , different , positive , disruptive possibilities for the kind of free society that we advocate .
If we choose terminology that highlights this reality rather than obscuring it , which makes it clear that the problem is not the fact of market exchange but rather the deformation of market exchange by political privilege to actually existing capitalists , at the expense of dispossessed workers , and which suggests paradigms that revolutionary transformations that freed markets without those privileges , we ’ll have chosen well .
Gran Turismo 5 ’s most recent delays are down to developer Polyphony Digital adding 3D and PlayStation Move support , according to an MCV report .
It was thought back in March that the racer would support the motion controller alongside several other titles , but that turned out to be wrong .
It may support comments recently made by GT creator Kazunori Yamauchi at the start of the month that the game ’s still at 90 percent finished , having previously said it was at the exact same stage back in January .
SCEE ’s said that it ’ll be “ announcing further details of Gran Turismo 5 in June in Los Angeles ” during E3 .
Date , date , date …
Until then , take with salt , obviously .
Researchers at The University of Texas at Arlington have found the first solid evidence of horizontal DNA transfer , the movement of genetic material among non-mating species , between parasitic invertebrates and some of their vertebrate hosts .
The findings are published in the April 28 issue of the journal Nature , one of the world 's foremost scientific journals .
Genome biologist Cédric Feschotte and postdoctoral researchers Clément Gilbert and Sarah Schaack found evidence of horizontal transfer of transposon from a South American blood - sucking bug and a pond snail to their hosts .
A transposon is a segment of DNA that can replicate itself and move around to different positions within the genome .
Transposons can cause mutations , change the amount of DNA in the cell and dramatically influence the structure and function of the genomes where they reside .
" Since these bugs frequently feed on humans , it is conceivable that bugs and humans may have exchanged DNA through the mechanism we uncovered .
Detecting recent transfers to humans would require examining people that have been exposed to the bugs for thousands of years , such as native South American populations , " Feschotte said .
Data on the insect and the snail provide strong evidence for the previously hypothesized role of host - parasite interactions in facilitating horizontal transfer of genetic material .
Additionally , the large amount of DNA generated by the horizontally transferred transposons supports the idea that the exchange of genetic material between hosts and parasites influences their genomic evolution .
" It 's not a smoking gun , but it is as close to it as you can get , " Feschotte said
The infected blood - sucking triatomine , causes Chagas disease by passing trypanosomes ( parasitic protozoa ) to its host .
Researchers found the bug shared transposon DNA with some hosts , namely the opossum and the squirrel monkey .
The transposons found in the insect are 98 percent identical to those of its mammal hosts .
advertisement
The researchers also identified members of what Feschotte calls space invader transposons in the genome of Lymnaea stagnalis , a pond snail that acts as an intermediate host for trematode worms , a parasite to a wide range of mammals .
The long - held theory is that mammals obtain genes vertically , or handed down from parents to offspring .
Bacteria receive their genes vertically and also horizontally , passed from one unrelated individual to another or even between different species .
Such lateral gene transfers are frequent in bacteria and essential for rapid adaptation to environmental and physiological challenges , such as exposure to antibiotics .
Until recently , it was not known horizontal transfer could propel the evolution of complex multicellular organisms like mammals .
In 2008 , Feschotte and his colleagues published the first unequivocal evidence of horizontal DNA transfer .
Millions of years ago , tranposons jumped sideways into several mammalian species .
The transposon integrated itself into the chromosomes of germ cells , ensuring it would be passed onto future generations .
Thus , parts of those mammals ' DNA did not descend from their common ancestors , but were acquired laterally from another species .
The actual means by which transposons can spread across widely diverse species has remained a mystery .
advertisement
" When you are trying to understand something that occurred over thousands or millions of years ago , it is not possible to set up a laboratory experiment to replicate what happened in nature , " Feschotte said .
Instead , the researchers made their discovery using computer programs designed to compare the distribution of mobile genetic elements among the 102 animals for which entire genome sequences are currently available .
Paul J. Brindley of George Washington University Medical Center in Washington , D.C. , contributed tissues and DNA used to confirm experimentally the computational predictions of Feschotte 's team .
When the human genome was sequenced a decade ago , researchers found that nearly half of the human genome is derived from transposons , so this new knowledge has important ramifications for understanding the genetics of humans and other mammals .
Feschotte 's research is representative of the cutting edge research that is propelling UT Arlington on its mission of becoming a nationally recognized research institution .
Hankering to know all the mysteries of the Island ?
Well , you 've been watching the wrong damn show !
All of Lost 's questions were answered years earlier on the Star Trek series .
Learn that Jin is an alien and Locke had hair !
Advertisement
The cast of Lost is a prolific bunch , and many of them have collected a paycheck ( or two ) guest - starring on the sundry Star Trek series .
Sure , these may have just been side gigs to put the fish biscuits on the table , but - like the most ardent Losties - I prefer to look into things with the eye of a drunken insomniac archivist .
In my opinion , the Lost actors ' Star Trek roles constitute a shadow mythology ripe for the gleaning - common sense , narrative consistency , and canon be damned .
The notion that Lost and Star Trek occupy the same mythos is n't that far - fetched .
Both universes place a high premium on time travel and teleporting .
Hurley 's , like , the evolutionary antecedent to the Salt Vampire or the Tribbles .
Lay your apprehensions aside .
All your questions will be answered ... in the final frontier .
Advertisement
1. ) Terry O'Quinn is John Locke is Admiral Erik Pressman ( Star Trek : The Next Generation , " The Pegasus , 1994 )
On this episode , Admiral Pressman - Riker 's former commanding officer - accompanies the Enterprise to investigate an interphase cloaking device in his old vessel , the Pegasus .
Unbeknownst to Picard , Pressman wants to activate the cloaking device again , even though the usage of such a device violates Starfleet law .
How This Ties In With Lost : Pressman wants a cloaking device that will allow him to phase through solid matter and force fields .
The Man In Black cannot phase through Charles Widmore 's sonar barriers .
It looks like Smokey / Fogcke wants this device to elude Widmore 's team .
But wait , how 's he in the future ?
Obviously he 's commandeered Jacob 's Peeping Tom Lighthouse .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Also notice that Picard and Pressman discuss Riker 's " candidacy . "
Some of you may think that they 're talking about Riker 's candidacy for First Officer , but you 're just not looking hard enough .
We 're getting a Jonathan Frakes cameo on the finale .
You heard it here first .
Apropos of nothing , Pressman / Locke also appears on the same episode " Captain Picard Day " makes it 's first ( and only ) appearance .
Captain Picard Day is June 16 .
The first and second season of Lost were released on Blu - Ray June 16 , 2009 .
This is not a coincidence .
2. ) Daniel Dae Kim is Jin is Gotana - Retz ( Star Trek : Voyager , " Blink of an Eye , " 2000 )
Advertisement
Gotana - Retz comes from a planet in which time moves differently from the rest of the galaxy .
In an attempt to visit the Voyager , he becomes unhinged from his time frame and must return to his home planet .
Oh , and he also sings a little ditty about the Voyager .
If you wish to remember Jin as a bad - ass slapping people and scowling like a lunatic , do not watch this clip .
It will absolutely eradicate those memories .
Advertisement
How This Ties In With Lost : Gotana - Retz is unstuck from time .
Jin was unstuck from time .
Gotana - Retz is wearing a space suit - Jin could have easily [ SPOILERS ] yoinked some hyperbaric diving suit from the submarine .
Gotana - Retz asks for Tureena .
Tureena rhymes with Sun. Gotana - Retz = Jin. Case closed .
3. ) Alan Dale is Charles Widmore is Praetor Hiren ( Star Trek Nemesis , 2002 )
In Nemesis , Praetor Hiren declines to hear Shinzon of Remus ' proposal for peace with the Federation .
Hiren tells Shinzon 's emissaries to go back to " that black rock they came from ! "
Shinzon 's cabal is less than impressed and melts the Romulan Senate with a thalaron radiation bomb .
How This Ties In With Lost : Dude , the Romulans built the Black Rock .
Holy shit .
Also , Charles Widmore is an alien .
Did you ever notice that Charles Widmore is an anagram for " I'm Earl Chowders ? "
Earl Chowders sounds mighty Romulan to me .
Hell , my own name sounds Romulan to me .
Advertisement
4. ) Titus Welliver is The Man In Black is Lt. Maxwell Burke ( Star Trek : Voyager , " Equinox , " 1999 )
Lt. Maxwell Burke has trapped a nucleogenic organism on his ship , The Equinox .
After overthrowing the original captain and engaging the Voyager , Burke is disintegrated by the irked lifeform after its containment cell is breached ( it happens around 8:40 ) .
How This Ties In With Lost :
The notorious Man In Black is also the villainous Maxwell Burke .
The Man In Black wants to keep the castaways from ever leaving the Island ; Burke wishes to keep the nucleogenic lifeforms trapped as well .
Also , Kate is not a Candidate , but she is a nucelogenic organism .
Advertisement
These were n't the only actors to appear on both shows .
Here are some more Lost Trekkies :
- Sam Anderson is Bernard Nadler is " Assistant Manager " ( Star Trek : The Next Generation , " The Royale , " 1989 )
Advertisement
- Kevin Tighe is Anthony Cooper is Henry Janeway ( Star Trek : Voyager , " 11:59 , " 1999 )
- Fionnula Flanagan is Eloise Hawking is a ton of Trek roles .
- April Grace is Bea Klugh is Transporter Technician Hubbell on both ST : TNG and DS9 .
Advertisement
Thanks to Ian MacAllen for the awesome research .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Attacks come as Iraq awaits new gov't
BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber blew himself up outside a textile factory Monday in a crowd that gathered after two car bombings at the same spot in the worst of a series of attacks that killed at least 84 people across Iraq , the deadliest day this year .
The violence added to fears that political uncertainty could further destabilize the country .
More than two months after the March 7 elections , there is still no new government in sight and the negotiations to form one could drag on for months more as US troops prepare to withdraw .
In the worst attack of the day , a suicide bomber with explosives strapped to his belt blew himself up among a crowd of people who were trying to help victims of two car bombs that went off earlier outside a textile factory in the Shi’ite city of Hillah south of Baghdad , said provincial police spokesman Maj .
Muthana Khalid .
At least 45 were killed and 140 wounded , said Khalid and Zuhair al Khafaji , director of al - Hillah general hospital .
Police said the cars were parked outside the factory about 25 yards apart , and were believed to be detonated by remote control .
Khalid said the bombs exploded around 1:30 p.m. as workers were leaving the factory .
Hillah , the capital of Babil province , is 95 kilometers south of Baghdad .
The attack was the deadliest in a series of shootings and bombings across the country that began in the capital Baghdad with early morning drive - by shootings and bombings at security checkpoints that targeted police and army .
Other attacks targeted both Sunni and Shi’ite areas and by mid-afternoon , at least 75 were killed across Iraq , and hundreds wounded .
Violence in the city and the rest of the country has fallen dramatically since the height of the insurgency in 2006 and 2007 .
Violence in the city and the rest of the country has fallen dramatically since the height of the insurgency in 2006 and 2007 .
But with two months gone after Iraq 's March 7 election and no government in sight , there are concerns that the sectarian violence that once battered the city daily will reappear .
The election has pitted incumbent Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki against fellow Shi’ite , but secular challenger Ayad Allawi .
Allawi's Iraqiya coalition , heavily backed by the country 's Sunni Arab minority , won 91 seats compared to Maliki's 89 seats , but the prime minister has challenged the results at every turn .
On Monday , Allawi told reporters he has been trying for days to meet with Maliki and begin hammering out a compromise .
But he vowed again to fight attempts to overturn the election results that gave his political party the lead .
Efforts to disqualify some of its winning candidates who are accused of links to the outlawed Baath Party " must be halted , " he said .
" We refuse humiliation and we wo n't stand still if the harm against Iraqiya continues , " Allawi said .
The election results have yet to be certified by the country 's highest court — which must happen before any new government can be formed — and a recount demanded by Maliki in Baghdad is ongoing .
If the results are overturned or Allawi does not receive a legitimate shot at forming a government , that could in turn outrage the Sunnis who supported him .
Sunni anger at Shi’ite domination of successive governments was a key reason behind the insurgency .
TimeTrade uses internet browser cookies on these pages in accordance with our Privacy Statement to make interactions with our websites and services more meaningful and to analyze how the website is used .
By continuing to use this website you are consenting to the use of cookies .
Fishing on the Sea of Galilee is not as good a living as it once was
By Wyre Davies
BBC News , En Gev
The Sea of Galilee has for centuries provided a healthy living for hundreds of fishermen - the disciple Peter among them , according to the Bible .
But now an unprecedented fishing ban is being enforced on the Galilee because , says the Israeli government , chronic over - fishing has severely depleted stocks .
It 's not fishermen who are to blame
Menachem Lev
Fisherman The Sea of Galilee is a mythical and historical place .
It was here , says the Bible , that Jesus walked on water and in the hills overlooking where he fed the 5,000 with two fish and five loaves .
According to the Gospels , when Jesus told Peter to cast his nets into deep water , " they caught fish in such large numbers their nets began to break " .
From Biblical times to the great travel writers of the 19th Century people wrote about the abundant fish stocks of Lake Galilee .
The Galilee , in reality a large freshwater lake , has supported fishermen and their communities along its shores for hundreds of years .
As recently as 10 years ago there were more than 100 small boats and eight trawlers working the lake .
Famous fish Today Menachem
Lev skippers the last large boat on the Galilee but as he casts his nets into deep water he knows they wo n't come up full .
The fishermen on the Galilee say the birds take too many fish
There are a few mullet and catfish - but alarmingly few of the large St Peter 's Fish , for which the Galilee is famous .
Official figures show that as recently as 2005 almost 300 tonnes of the local St Peter 's Fish were caught here .
Last year that figure fell to just eight tonnes .
Most of the fish I saw being caught out on the lake were small juveniles - very little worth keeping .
The Israeli government 's response to falling stocks is a blanket two - year ban on fishing .
Menachem the fisherman disagrees .
Hungry birds " It 's not fishermen who are to blame , " bemoans Menachem , who has been putting his boat out onto the water here for 31 years .
A fishing ban is tough , but it 's the only way to deal with the problem
Professor Menachem Goren
" What good would a two - year ban do ?
After two years , even more fishermen and more boats would come back .
In the meantime the cormorants and other birds that eat all the young fish would still be here . "
A fishing ban would also force Menachem , and his three man crew - all members of the En Gev Kibbutz on the eastern shore of the Galilee - to find alternative work .
Another 100 or so fishermen with smaller boats , dotted around the lake , would be in a similar predicament .
It 's a drastic solution , but over - fishing is the fundamental cause of the problem , say those who 've closely studied the decline of stocks in the Galilee .
Red herring Surrounded by specimen jars in his Tel Aviv laboratory , Professor Menachem Goren , an aquatic biologist , says he can come to no other conclusion .
" There are too many fishermen , with nets that catch too many small fish and there has been no management of fishing on the lake .
A fishing ban is tough , but it 's the only way to deal with the problem . "
They still serve tasty , freshly - fried St Peter 's Fish at En Gev restaurant to the coach loads of tourists who call in every day .
It 's deceptive , though .
Because of declining stocks , nearly all of the fish has been bought from fish farms .
As he returns to the harbour , after a day 's fishing under the sweltering sun , with yet another disappointing catch , Menachem Lev is clearly unhappy that he 's being forced to hang up his nets for two years .
But it may be the only way if , as in biblical times , they 'll one day again be full to bursting with fish .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Summary of Data :
From Stone - McCarthy :
At first blush , about one quarter of the increase in March payrolls appears to be related to the hiring of census workers and another half of the gain seems to be a payback from the weather - related distortions of February .
The February payroll decline of 36,000 was revised to a loss of 14,000 while the 26,000 decrease in January payrolls reported a month ago was revised to a gain of 14,000 .
Thus , there was a cumulative 62,000 net upward revision to January and February payrolls .
Census additions were 48,000 and the weather impacts is expected to be about 100,000 , thus the net organic add was just barely positive .
Keep in mind the birth - death in March was +81,000 ( vs. 97,000 in February ) for the adjusted metric , so one wonders how much of this gain was purely adjusted on paper .
If one excludes birth - death we get - 67,000 .
The U - 6 rate increased by 10 bps , to 16.9 % .
Average hourly earning decreased by 0.1 % to $ 22.47 even as the average weekly hours increased by six minutes to 34 hours .
The question on everyone 's mind : is this statistic improvement in the data sufficient for the Fed to reconsider ZIRP .
The answer is a resounding no .
Although keep an eye on the 10 Year .
We may just break 4 % today .
Below is the Statement of Keith Hall , Commissioner of the BLS
Nonfarm payroll employment rose by 162,000 in March , and the unemployment rate was 9.7 percent for the third month in a row .
Job gains continued in temporary help services and in health care , while job losses occurred in financial activities and in information .
The March employment increase also included 48,000 workers hired by the federal government for Census 2010 .
Temporary help services employment increased by 40,000 in March .
Since last September , employment in this industry has grown by 313,000 , or 18 percent .
Health care added 27,000 jobs in March , compared with an average monthly gain of 18,000 over the prior 12 months .
Mining employment rose by 8,000 in March .
This industry has added 31,000 jobs since last October .
Federal government employment rose over the month , reflecting ramped - up hiring for Census 2010 .
In March , the Census Bureau brought on 48,000 temporary workers .
Employment in state and local governments was essentially unchanged .
Manufacturing employment continued to trend up in March .
Over the last 3 months , manufacturing has added 45,000 jobs , with most of the gains in durable goods industries .
Construction employment held steady in March .
This industry had shed an average of 72,000 jobs per month in the prior 12 months .
Employment continued to decline in financial activities ( - 21,000 ) and in information ( - 12,000 ) in March .
Other major
industries showed little change in employment .
Average hourly earnings of all employees in the private sector declined by 2 cents in March to $ 22.47 .
Over the past 12
months , average hourly earnings have increased by 1.8 percent .
From February 2009 to February 2010 , the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers ( CPI - U ) rose by 2.2 percent .
Turning to measures from the survey of households , the unemployment rate held at 9.7 percent in March .
Over the month , jobless rates for the major worker groups showed little or no change .
Of the 15.0 million persons unemployed in March , 6.5 million had been jobless for 27 weeks or more , an increase of 414,000 over the month .
These long - term unemployed made up 44.1 percent of all unemployed persons , a record high .
The employment - population ratio was 58.6 percent in March .
This measure has been trending up since its recent low of 58.2 percent in December .
Among the employed , the number of individuals working part time who preferred full - time work increased in March to 9.1 million .
In summary , nonfarm payroll employment rose by 162,000 in March , and the unemployment rate held at 9.7 percent .
Vicky , who lived in Darwen , Lancashire , left three suicide notes – one for her mother , father and boyfriend .
In them she wrote : ‘ It is just that I do n’t want to be me anymore .
Please do n’t be sad .
It ’s not your fault .
I want everybody in life to be HAPPY . ’
Vicky ’s father said : ‘ In the end it obviously got her down to such a point that she felt she had no future .
‘ It should n’t have been like that .
She had a lot to give and was very determined .
She was just ground down following one knock back after another .
‘ Young people need to be given more help to assist them in finding work . ’
He added : ‘ She was such a gorgeous girl and had a stunning smile .
She was clever , too .
There was no reason why she should n’t have been able to find a job .
‘ What upsets us so much is that there are obviously so many other people out there in a similar position . ’
Source : www.dailymail.co.uk
USCIS To Issue Redesigned Green Card
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) announced today that it has redesigned the Permanent Resident Card , commonly known as the “ Green Card ” to incorporate several major new security features .
State - of - the - art technology prevents counterfeiting , obstructs tampering , and facilitates quick and accurate authentication of the card .
Beginning today , USCIS will issue all Green Cards in the new , more secure format .
New Green Card Features
Front of Card Previous New Optical Variable Ink X Holographic Image X X Embedded Radio Frequency Identification Device ( RFD ) X Laser Engraved Fingerprint X Unique Background Design X X Back of Card Tamper Resistant Border X Optical Media Stores All Digital Files , Including Biometrics X X Micro-image , High Resolution Pictures of State Flags and Presidents X
New Green Card Features to note :
Redesign results from extensive collaboration with the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Screening Coordination Office , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Forensic Document Laboratory , and U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) .
Special ink creates color shifts in visual designs ( e.g. , eagle ’s head ) .
Fine - lined artwork and complex architecture incorporate patterns that are nearly impossible to reproduce .
Card materials resist tampering .
Attempted tampering becomes immediately visible to the naked eye .
Standard card design and personalized features are integrated to deter fraud attempts , e.g. , alteration of the photograph .
Greater detail in photograph makes for easier identification of the bearer .
Ultra-violet technology and tactile clues allow accurate card authentication at border crossings .
Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) allows inspectors to read unique , 192 - bit serial number ( 192 - bits ) from a distance and link the information to the personal data on file .
Personalized return address on back of card doubles as security feature and as customer - service enhancement to facilitate easy return of lost cards to USCIS .
In keeping with its nickname , redesigned Permanent Resident Card is now green .
Related Articles
Enter the Green Card Lottery .
55,000 Green Card ’s Must Go Each Year .
Let us help you reach your dream of becoming an American resident today !
Return to USA Diversity Lottery ’s immigration news page to read more immigration news .
Friday , Apr. 23 , 2010
Trunk puppies for sale !
Would you prefer smiling or serious ?
( Pet market in downtown Amman , Jordan . )
Or a very small grandmother :
If you 're very quiet at the Landesgartenschau ( garden show ) in Bad Essen , Germany , you might spot a woodland elf .
Them Ohio Amish must be ... different .
This ain't good for the tourist trade , you know !
An Amish girl wears a proud and vain Winnie the Pooh backpack in Middlefield , Ohio .
After one mile , total exhaustion : Steve Henson gets some rest under the shade of a tree in the One Mile Recreation Area in Chico , Calif .
No , do n't do it ... not your bathwater !
Ewwww .
( Nehru Zoological Park in Hyderabad , India . )
Hosing around : Firefighter recruits practice putting out a liquid - propane gas blaze at the Louis Jones Training Facility in Roswell , N.M .
No , Luke , THIS WAY !
Luke the dog takes Lara Thomsen the 2 - year - old for a walk at Lagoon Valley Regional Park in Vacaville .
Two heads are not necessarily better than one : A double - headed bobtail lizard born in Perth , Australia , has problems crawling because its hindlegs get conflicting signals from each brain .
Also the bigger head keeps trying to eat the smaller one .
Stay , Bo : So the Obamas ' dog is kept on a leash inside the White House ?
And tied to the upholstered gilded beech chairs from the Monroe administration ( or worse , to the flag ) ?
Apparently Bo has a behavior problem .
Do we need to call Victoria Stilwell ?
Salad for lunch : Switzerland 's Basel Zoo has enough lettuce to cover its outstanding bills .
Pink tootsies :
The grimy streets of Los Angeles shall not soil the royal paws of Princess the poodle .
And speaking of dirty feet ...
Thick , wet volcanic ash coats stairs and paws on the Onundarhorn dairy farm , south of the Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull glacier near Hvolsvollur .
The sun sets on the Great Pyramids of Giza , outside Cairo .
Star baby maker : A Hubble telescope composite image shows a star birth pillar , three light - years high , depicting how scorching radiation and fast particle winds from super - hot newborn stars in the Carina Nebula are shaping and compressing the column , causing new stars to form within it .
This pinnacle lies within the Carina constellation , 7,500 light - years away from Earth .
Burglars tie up woman - but flee the house when they realise she 's married to action hero actor Dolph Lundgren
Do n't mess : Dolph Lundgren , pictured in Madrid in 2007 , is a karate expert and trains in the gym six days a week
Armed robbers fled after discovering the home they had broken into belonged to ' tough guy ' actor Dolph Lundgren .
The masked raiders tied up the star 's wife and terrorised her into handing over cash and jewellery by threatening her with knives .
But they cut short their raid on the house near Marbella , Spain , after spotting a family photo of the action star and his children in one of the bedrooms .
Luckily for the gang , Lundgren - most famous for playing Russian boxer Ivan Drago in Rocky IV - was out .
The 6ft 5in karate black belt , once bodyguard to singer Grace Jones , had to save his strength for consoling wife Anette when she phoned him in tears to tell him what had happened .
Police are still hunting the three attackers .
An insider said : ' Things might have turned out very differently if Dolph had been in .
' The criminals fled as soon as they realised the owner of the house they had raided was someone they would n't want to come up against in a fight .
' They left Anette pretty traumatized .
She 's Dolph 's angel and anyone who messes with her is messing with him . '
Lundgren , an expert in full contact karate , once injured Sylvester Stallone while filming Rocky IV .
The Hollywood actor was taken to hospital with bruising after being punched in the chest .
The Swede , who turns 52 in November , still has a six - pack from training up to six days a week in his local gym .
He recently took part in a six - round exhibition fight against a Russian wrestler and boxer in Moscow .
Hitting the headlines : Lundgren , right , found fame as Russian boxer Ivan Drago in Rocky IV , which also starred Sylvester Stallone , left
The father - of - two , who moved to Marbella from London , has starred in more than 40 films since his breakthrough with Rocky IV and was in the frame for last year 's I'm a Celebrity .... Get Me Out of Here !'
He also has a master 's degree in chemical engineering from the University of Sydney and a genius - level IQ of 160 .
He has been married to jewellery designer wife Anette Qviberg for the past 15 years .
Their sunshine home is a stone 's throw from Max Clifford 's apartment in hills overlooking the Mediterranean in an exclusive residential area called Nueva Andalucia near Marbella .
Other celebrities with homes in the area - including Simon Cowell , Alan Sugar and Antonio Banderas - are thought to have upped security as a precaution .
A source said : ' Police have got very few leads .
All three burglars wore balaclavas and they 've no real description to go on .
' They 're looking at CCTV footage to see if they can advance the inquiry .
Dolph 's away on business a lot and he 's increased security to try to avoid a repeat .
' Anette has even spoken about leaving the area .
But Dolph 's persuaded her it's a one - off and they should stay put for now . '
ドメインが無効な状態です。
「 www.fun-clipz.com 」のページは、ドメインが無効な状態です。
ウェブサイト管理者の方はこちらから変更・更新を行ってください。
「 www.fun-clipz.com 」is Expired or Suspended .
The WHOIS is here .
Sky Sports News tried to interview Gianfranco Zola on Tuesday about his West Ham dismissal , but the former Hammers manager responded by bringing the hacks coffee ...
Everybody already loved Gianfranco Zola , but after he was given the boot as West Ham manager on Tuesday , the tiny Italian once again showed his class in the manner in which he dealt with reporters camped outside his house .
With the Sky TV cameras parked outside his front gates looking for the inside scoop on the sacking , Zola chose not to be standoffish or indifferent to the roaming hacks .
Rather , he stepped out of his abode with complimentary cups of coffee as he look to defuse the situation with a smile on his face .
Sky Sports News bod Gary Cotterill sounded stunned by Zola 's behaviour , frothing into his microphone later : " Not only did he make us coffee , he also offered milk and sugar . "
Weirdly , he also told Zola it had been a pleasure " working with him " .
In turn , Zola simply stated that he would n't be answering any questions on his dismissal as he acted like a complete gentleman .
Click Play below to see the Zola - coffee incident .
I have written before about the wonderful TinEye and how it can be a very useful tool to both trace your own images across the web , and als ...
Three synagogues in Jerusalem were set on fire over the course of a week , prompting fears that a pyromaniac may be operating the capital .
Police are working with Fire and Rescue Service officials in order to track down the arsonist or arsonists .
The latest fire took place on Sunday .
At around 2 am firefighters were called to the " Torat Moshe " synagogue on Shmuel Hanavi Street .
The fire was extinguished , and members of the congregation said there was no doubt it was deliberate .
Damage at synagogue on Panim Meirot Street ( Photo : Lahav Assaf Avres )
A deputy commander of a local fire station told Ynet that evidence gathered at the scene of a fire which broke out a day earlier at the " Mosdot Hatam Sofer " synagogue on Panim Meirot Street indicated that it was also the work of an arsonist .
He said that in both cases flammable material was found at the scene .
Last week , three Torah books were burned in a fire that erupted in the " Or Chaim " synagogue , located in the city 's Buchari neighborhood .
An initial investigation found that the fire was the result of a short circuit , but now members of the congregation are asking that police reassess the case .
Some ultra-Orthodox residents of Jerusalem believe the fires are linked to the power struggles between the various hasidic sects in the city , but a prominent rabbi said torching synagogues " is a red line that no Jew would cross . "
" This is obviously the work of a mentally - ill individual , " said the rabbi , " That 's the only explanation . "
( CNN ) --
Oil company BP says it has resumed pumping oil to a ship on the surface after a weekend setback that halted efforts to siphon off the crude spewing from a damaged well at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico .
Crews re-inserted the tube into the well 's riser stack Sunday .
The 4 - inch pipe is now connected to a ship on the surface , 5,000 feet above the sea floor , and is pumping oil back to the surface , BP spokesman Mark Proegler told CNN .
If successful , the technique will capture most of the oil that is pouring out of the well .
The well has been spewing an estimated 210,000 gallons , or 5,000 barrels , of light sweet crude a day into the Gulf since the sinking of the drill platform Deepwater Horizon in late April .
" In terms of containing the flow , this was a positive step forward , " said Kent Wells , a senior vice president for BP .
Wells said that crews were operating the tool cautiously as they make adjustments to achieve an optimal flow rate up to the drill ship .
" We 'll look over the next day or two as we continue to optimize this to see the impact we can have on reducing the amount of flow " from the ruptured pipe , he said .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar issued a joint statement Sunday expressing caution about the effectiveness of the insertion tube .
" This technique is not a solution to the problem , and it is not yet clear how successful it may be , " the statement said .
" We are closely monitoring BP 's test with the hope that it will contain some of the oil , but at the same time , federal scientists are continuing to provide oversight and expertise to BP as they move forward with other strategies to contain the spill and stop the flow of oil . "
The effort was dealt a setback Friday night , when the frame holding the insertion tube shifted and prevented the surface vessel from connecting to it , said Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer for exploration and production .
The system was able to capture some of the leaking oil and pipe it aboard a drill ship on the surface overnight and burned off some of the natural gas released in the process , according to a statement from the joint BP - Coast Guard command center leading the response to the oil spill .
Wells said the next step in stopping the flow will be a " top kill " procedure in which a large amount of kill mud -- a heavy fluid used in drilling operations -- is inserted into the well bore to reduce pressure and reduce flow .
Once the pressure is reduced , BP hopes to be able to entomb the well in cement , effectively cutting off the gusher .
The statement from Napolitano and Salazar emphasized the importance of that step , saying " We will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead , the spill is cleaned up , and the communities and natural resources of the Gulf Coast are restored and made whole . "
Wells said the mud will be pumped through the bottom of the well 's blowout preventer at a maximum rate of 40 barrels ( 1,680 gallons ) a minute .
" So with all of the pumping horsepower we have on the surface , we 'll be able to pump far faster than the well can flow , and it 's about us outracing the well , " he said .
Preparations for the top kill procedure will take place over the next seven to 10 days , Wells said .
The slick from the spill has spread across much of the northern Gulf of Mexico , with bits of oil washing up periodically onto the shores of Louisiana 's barrier islands .
Suttles said the application of underwater dispersants -- a tactic approved for use Friday -- appears to be working .
" The oil in the immediate vicinity of the well and the ships and rigs working in the area is diminished from previous observations , " he said after flying over the area Saturday .
The Coast Guard and the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the decision to use subsea dispersants is an " important step " aimed at reducing potential damage from the spill , because dispersants can be more effective underwater than on the ocean 's surface .
But more recent estimates suggest the actual volume of oil could be far higher than the estimated 5,000 barrels per day .
Ray Highsmith , executive director of the University of Mississippi's National Institute for Undersea Science and Technology , said that plumes of oil appear to have settled beneath the surface .
" We 're clearly detecting something , " Highsmith said .
Either oil has settled on the bottom or it has risen to the surface and sunk again , as happened in the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill .
" This is a very different spill than we 've ever had before , and we need to learn as much about it as we can , " he said .
The underwater gusher began after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon .
The explosion and subsequent fire caused the Deepwater Horizon to sink two days later , prompting oil to begin spilling from the well .
BP was leasing the rig from Transocean .
CNN 's David Mattingly and Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement BP has managed to seal the smallest of the three leaks spilling oil into the Gulf of Mexico , the company says .
Oil is still gushing into the sea at a rate of about 800,000 litres a day , but officials say working with only two leaks makes tackling the spill easier .
A controlled burn of the slick to remove oil from open water has also begun , AP news agency said .
And a special containment box to funnel oil to the surface from the leaking well is being sent to the site .
Engineers plan to lower the 100 - tonne concrete and steel box over the site on Thursday , using remote - controlled submarines , officials say .
BP has never deployed such a structure at a depth of 5,000 ft ( 1,500 m ) and difficulties may occur , it says .
The operation is expected to take more than two days .
If successful , BP said it hoped to begin pumping oil to the surface early next week .
Clean - up hopes
Describing the cap , coast guard officer David Mosley told AP news agency : " It does n't lessen the flow , it just simplifies the number of leak points they have to address . "
A burn was last tried on 28 April when thousands of litres of oil were successfully removed .
Favourable weather conditions have now allowed crews to begin burning off more of the oil where it is most heavily concentrated , AP said .
Concerns for the impact of the burn on wildlife in the area have been dismissed by the body co-ordinating the response to the spill .
" No populated areas are expected to be affected by the controlled burn operations and there are no anticipated impacts to marine mammals and sea turtles , " the Deepwater Horizon Incident Joint Information Center was quoted as saying by AFP .
The spill was set off by an explosion that destroyed the Deepwater Horizon oil rig and killed 11 workers off Louisiana last month .
A sheen of oil has already reached the shore in parts of Louisiana , but officials say coagulated crude oil is not expected to reach coastal areas until the end of the week , AFP reports .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) said the oil slick was not expected to move much in the next several days .
BP has told members of a US congressional committee that up to 9.5 m litres a day could spill if the leaks worsen , AP notes .
How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Men die at higher rates than women across the lifespan .
A new study suggests that this excess mortality is the price of reproductive competition .
Researchers have long known that women outlive men on average , and more recently have discovered that men have higher mortality risks across the entire lifespan .
University of Michigan researcher Daniel Kruger offers this explanation :
It is all about sex .
Women invest more physiologically in reproduction than men , thus men compete with other men for mating partners and try to make themselves attractive to women .
This competition leads to strategies that are riskier for men both behaviorally and physiologically , and these result in higher levels of mortality .
" If mating competition is responsible for excess male mortality , then the more mating competition there is , the higher excess male mortality will be , " said Kruger , an assistant research professor in the U - M School of Public Health .
In the current study , Kruger shows that two factors related to the level of male reproductive competition contribute to higher rates of risk - taking and mortality .
The first factor is polygyny , the social situation in which one man maintains sexual relations with many women ( the opposite is polyandry — one women and many men ) .
Several species of primates show high levels of polygyny , where one dominant male mates with most of the females in the group , and other males are left out .
Human cultures have varying degrees of polygyny , and Kruger found that the more prevalent the practice , the higher the rate of male mortality .
In a polygynous culture , men receive enormous evolutionary benefits from becoming dominant .
Those guys get all the gals , almost literally .
Non -dominant men are left with few , or none , to choose from .
In a polygynous group , winning males reap huge rewards ; everyone else gets next to nothing .
The second factor : the degree of economic inequality .
In mate selection , men are valued for the resource investment that they can provide , bringing benefits their offspring .
The wider the gap between rich and poor , the more likely men are to die young .
In less egalitarian societies , a man with what scientists call " resource control " — money , property and economic security — is more likely to find sexual partners .
In both of these cases , there 's a yawning gap between climbing to the top of the heap — either as the dominant male or the wealthiest — and falling short .
To lose position in polygynous or economically extreme societies is to lose almost any chance at finding a sexual partner .
What 's more , Kruger says , these two factors are related , because getting the lion 's share of economic wealth is often virtually the same thing as becoming dominant male .
And so the battle to be " king of the hill " turns deadly .
When winners take all , men have very little to lose — and a whole lot to gain — by risking everything to get to the top .
Kruger conducts research in the field of evolutionary psychology , the study of how present - day human thinking and behavior has been shaped by past evolutionary adaptations .
It turns out that some other primates display such winner - take - all behavior , and there 's a strong evolutionary reason behind it .
By dominating most or all of the sexual encounters in a group , males who are higher on the social and economic ladder are more likely to pass their genes onto the next generation .
The opposite case , Kruger found , also holds true :
The more egalitarian a society , and the more devoted to monogamy , the less extreme the risk taking .
But no human culture , Kruger concluded , is perfectly free of such competition .
Explore further Are men hardwired to overspend ?
More information :
The study appears in the current issue of the journal Evolutionary Psychology .
( www.epjournal.net/filestore/ep08194204.pdf)
The study appears in the current issue of the journal
BEIJING , Feb 14 ( Reuters ) -
The number of people who died in China ’s notoriously dangerous coal mines in 2009 dropped to an average of seven per day , following years of efforts to improve safety and accountability in the industry .
Cave-ins , flooding and explosions claimed 2,631 lives in 2009 , the Xinhua news agency said on Sunday , down from 3,215 in 2008 .
A number of highly publicised coal accidents as miners raced to meet the nation ’s demand for energy had pushed deaths to a peak of nearly 7,000 in 2002 .
The country needs another decade to fundamentally improve the safety record , Xinhua said , citing Zhao Tiechui , head of the State Administration of Coal Mine Safety .
“ Coal mine safety is still a big problem , ” Zhao said .
“ Awareness of safety and rule of law is still low in some coal - rich areas and some coal enterprises . ”
Coal production from China is estimated to rise to 3.1 billion tonnes in 2010 , up from 2.96 billion in 2009 .
Chinese regulators have tried to improve coal safety by installing safety systems including lights , sensors and emergency notification protocols at the nation ’s biggest mines .
They also tried to force smaller , more dangerous mines to close , although that effort was stymied by coal shortages as the nation relies increasingly on private mines to meet demand .
Coal produced by small mines accounted for 35 percent of the national total in 2009 , but 70 percent of the accidents and fatalities , Zhao said .
A newer effort to force mines to consolidate aims at creating mining firms that have the working capital to install safety equipment , as well as reducing accidents caused by different companies operating too close to each other and weakening walls .
Recent investigations have revealed mine owners who have tried to cover up accidents or pay off families of miners who died to avoid punishment and the closing or seizure of their mines .
It is unknown how many deaths are not captured by the official data .
also antisemitism , 1881 , from German Antisemitismus , first used by Wilhelm Marr ( 1819 - 1904 ) German radical , nationalist and race - agitator , who founded the Antisemiten - Liga in 1879 ; see anti- + Semite .
Not etymologically restricted to anti-Jewish theories , actions , or policies , but almost always used in this sense .
Those who object to the inaccuracy of the term might try Hermann Adler 's Judaeophobia ( 1881 ) .
Anti-Semitic ( also antisemitic ) and anti-Semite ( also antisemite ) also are from 1881 , like anti-Semitism they appear first in English in an article in The Athenaeum of Sept. 31 , in reference to German literature .
Jew - hatred is attested from 1881 .
As an adjective , anti-Jewish is from 1817 .
Woody Allen is a writer , a comedian , and the maker of over seventy films .
He recently spoke with Fr. Robert E. Lauder about the function of humor , film , and “ the overwhelming bleakness of the universe . ”
Robert E. Lauder :
From the earliest days of your career as a stand - up comedian and filmmaker , you have dealt with philosophical and religious questions — the existence of God , life after death , the meaning of life .
Can you remember when these questions first became important for you ?
Woody Allen :
These were always obsessions of mine , even as a very young child .
These were things that interested me as the years went on .
My friends were more preoccupied with social issues — issues such as abortion , racial discrimination , and Communism — and those issues just never caught my interest .
Of course they mattered to me as a citizen to some degree … but they never really caught my attention artistically .
I always felt that the problems of the world would never ever be solved until people came to terms with the deeper issues — that there would be an aimless reshuffling of world leaders and governments and programs .
There was a difference , of course , but it was a minor difference as to who the president was and what the issues were .
They seemed major , but as you step back with perspective they were more alike than they were different .
The deeper issues always interested me .
RL : Frank Capra said that he used humor as a device to make his audience sort of receptive to his themes .
I do n’t think you use humor as a device .
It seems to me to be more integral to your vision of life and art .
Would you agree ?
WA : Yes .
I think Capra was a much craftier filmmaker , a wonderful filmmaker .
He had enormous technique , and he knew how to manipulate the public quite brilliantly .
I was just doing what I was doing because it interested me , and in fact obsessed me .
I was not doing it with an eye to manipulate the public .
In fact , I probably would have had a larger public if I had gone in a different direction .
RL : When Ingmar Bergman died , you said even if you made a film as great as one of his , what would it matter ?
It does n’t gain you salvation .
So you had to ask yourself why do you continue to make films .
Could you just say something about what you meant by “ salvation ” ?
WA : Well , you know , you want some kind of relief from the agony and terror of human existence .
Human existence is a brutal experience to me …it ’s a brutal , meaningless experience — an agonizing , meaningless experience with some oases , delight , some charm and peace , but these are just small oases .
Overall , it is a brutal , brutal , terrible experience , and so it ’s what can you do to alleviate the agony of the human condition , the human predicament ?
That is what interests me the most .
I continue to make the films because the problem obsesses me all the time and it ’s consistently on my mind and I ’m consistently trying to alleviate the problem , and I think by making films as frequently as I do I get a chance to vent the problems .
There is some relief .
I have said this before in a facetious way , but it is not so facetious : I am a whiner .
I do get a certain amount of solace from whining .
RL : Are you saying the humor in your films is a relief for you ?
Or are you sort of saying to the audience , “ Here is an oasis , a couple of laughs ” ?
WA : I think what I ’m saying is that I ’m really impotent against the overwhelming bleakness of the universe and that the only thing I can do is my little gift and do it the best I can , and that is about the best I can do , which is cold comfort .
RL : In Everyone Says I Love
You , the character you play gets divorced , and as he and his former wife review their relationship near the end of the film , she says , “ You could always make me laugh , ” and your character asks very sincerely , “ Why is that important ? ”
Do you think what you do is important ?
WA : No , not so much .
Whenever they ask women what they find appealing in men , a sense of humor is always one of the things they mention .
Some women feel power is important , some women feel that looks are important , tenderness , intelligence … but sense of humor seems to permeate all of them .
So I ’m saying to that character played by Goldie Hawn , “ Why is that so important ? ”
But it is important apparently because women have said to us that that is very , very important to them .
I also feel that humor , just like Fred Astaire dance numbers or these lightweight musicals , gives you a little oasis .
You are in this horrible world and for an hour and a half you duck into a dark room and it ’s air - conditioned and the sun is not blinding you and you leave the terror of the universe behind and you are completely transported into an escapist situation .
The women are beautiful , the men are witty and heroic , nobody has terrible problems and this is a delightful escapist thing , and you leave the theatre refreshed .
It ’s like drinking a cool lemonade and then after a while you get worn down again and you need it again .
It seems to me that making escapist films might be a better service to people than making intellectual ones and making films that deal with issues .
It might be better to just make escapist comedies that do n’t touch on any issues .
The people just get a cool lemonade , and then they go out refreshed , they enjoy themselves , they forget how awful things are and it helps them — it strengthens them to get through the day .
So I feel humor is important for those two reasons : that it is a little bit of refreshment like music , and that women have told me over the years that it is very , very important to them .
RL : At one point in Hannah and Her Sisters , your character , Mickey , is very disillusioned .
He is thinking about becoming a Catholic and he sees Duck Soup .
He seems to think , “ Maybe in a world where there are the Marx Brothers and humor , maybe there is a God .
Who knows . ”
And maybe Mickey can live with that .
Am I interpreting this correctly ?
WA : No .
I think it should be interpreted to mean that there are these oases , and life is horrible , but it is not relentlessly black from wire to wire .
You can sit down and hear a Mozart symphony , or you can watch the Marx Brothers , and this will give you a pleasant escape for a while .
And that is about the best that you can do … .
I feel that one can come up with all these rationalizations and seemingly astute observations , but I think I said it well at the end of Deconstructing Harry : we all know the same truth ; our lives consist of how we choose to distort it , and that ’s it .
Everybody knows how awful the world is and what a terrible situation it is and each person distorts it in a certain way that enables him to get through .
Some people distort it with religious things .
Some people distort it with sports , with money , with love , with art , and they all have their own nonsense about what makes it meaningful , and all but nothing makes it meaningful .
These things definitely serve a certain function , but in the end they all fail to give life meaning and everyone goes to his grave in a meaningless way .
RL : That brings us to the end of Crimes and Misdemeanors .
Your character and an ophthalmologist named Judah are having a conversation , and Judah pretends he ’s talking about a screenplay but he ’s really talking about his own life .
He says people do commit crimes , they get away with it , and they do n’t even have guilt feelings .
And your character says this is horrible , this is terrible , and then you cut to a blind rabbi dancing with his daughter at her wedding , and we hear a voiceover from a philosopher your character admires .
He says something like , “ There is no ultimate meaning but somehow people have found that they can cope . ”
The philosopher did n’t really cope ; he committed suicide .
When I first saw the film I thought you were offering the audience several views of life and leaving it to them to decide which is closest to the truth — Judah ’s , Cliff ’s , the philosopher ’s , or the rabbi’s .
( He ’s the one who seems to be the happiest and most fulfilled character in the film , despite his blindness . )
But in an interview you said that really the ophthalmologist is basically right : there is no benevolent God watching over us at all , and we embrace whatever gets us through the night .
Is that right ?
WA : I feel that is true — that one can commit a crime , do unspeakable things , and get away with it .
There are people who commit all sorts of crimes and get away with it , and some of them are plagued with all sorts of guilt for the rest of their lives and others are n’t .
They commit terrible crimes and they have wonderful lives , wonderful , happy lives , with families and children , and they have done unspeakably terrible things .
There is no justice , there is no rational structure to it .
That is just the way it is , and each person figures out some way to cope … .
Some people cope better than others .
I was with Billy Graham once , and he said that even if it turned out in the end that there is no God and the universe is empty , he would still have had a better life than me .
I understand that .
If you can delude yourself by believing that there is some kind of Santa Claus out there who is going to bail you out in the end , then it will help you get through .
Even if you are proven wrong in the end , you would have had a better life .
RL : Seven or eight years ago the New York Times asked you to name a favorite film and you picked Shane .
It seems to me that the character of Shane is a Christ figure .
At one point , Chris Callaway , the guy Shane has beaten in a fistfight in the saloon , changes sides .
He leaves the villains and joins Shane and the good guys .
When Shane asks him why , he says something has come over him .
Shane has had some mysterious impact on him .
Shane does not ride off into the sunset as heroes usually do in old Westerns .
He rides off into the sunrise , and as he does so the director does this strange thing : he holds a dissolve of a cross from the cemetery , and he keeps it on the screen for about five seconds .
Do you remember that at all ?
WA : I do remember it .
Yes , now that you bring it up , I do .
RL : So the film seems to end with resurrection imagery .
WA : I did n’t see him as a martyred figure , a persecuted figure .
I saw him as quite a heroic figure who does a job that needs to be done , a practical matter .
I saw him as a practical secular character .
In this world there are just some people who need killing and that is just the way it is .
It sounds terrible , but there is no other way to get around that , and most of us are not up to doing it , incapable for moral reasons or physically not up to it .
And Shane is a person who saw what had to be done and went out and did it .
He had the skill to do it , and that ’s the way I feel about the world : there are certain problems that can only be dealt with that way .
As ugly a truth as that is , I do think it ’s the truth about the world .
[ For more interviews from Commonweal , see our full list . ]
Herbert Jeffrey “ Herbie ” Hancock is an American pianist and composer .
He is regarded not only as one of the greatest living jazz musicians , but also as one of the most influential jazz musicians of the 20th century .
His music embraces elements of funk and soul while adopting freer stylistic elements from jazz , In his jazz improvisation , he possesses a unique creative blend of jazz , blues , and modern classical music .
As part of Miles Davis ’s “ second great quintet ” , Hancock helped redefine the role of a jazz rhythm sectin , and was one of the primary architects of the “ post - bop ” sound .
Later , he was one of the first jazz musicians to embrace synthesizers and funk .
Hancock ’s music is often melodic and accessible ; he has had many songs “ cross over ” and achieved success among pop audiences .
Herbie ’s best - known solo works include “ Cantaloupe Island ” , “ Watermelon Man , ” Maiden Voyage ” , “ Chameleon ” , and the singles “ I Thought It Was You ” and “ Rockit ” .
His 2007 tribute album “ River : The Joni Letters ” won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year , only the second jazz album ever to win the award after 1965 ’s Getz / Gilberto .
His music has been sampled by over 46 artist and he contunies to have a lasting affect on music as we know it .
For example :
SAMPLED HERE
Ira Birkenfeld works with homeless people in Reno , Nevada .
At last week ’s 29th Convention of the Communist Party USA , Birkenfeld spoke passionately about their survival struggles .
In the short video below he describes his work and outlines the severe crisis of everyday living the that the homeless face .
As the economic crisis continues to throw thousands into the streets , it seems that some major “ relief ” efforts are aimed at hiding the homeless from the world .
Many of the homeless are people who continue to work but have lost their homes or apartments .
Ira and many other homeless advocates believe that it ’s time to unite and mobilize a national network of the unemployed and the homeless to fight for jobs and decent housing for all .
Preamble
I hesitate to publish these instructions because h.264 is patent - encumbered and dangerous , and I do n't want to contribute to its proliferation .
But the steps here are general enough to be useful in many other situations , and interesting enough to merit discussion .
The Goal
I was given an iPad .
We own several DVDs that my son Ezra loves to watch , and I would like to let him watch them on the iPad .
I selected WALL•E and tried to use dvd ::rip ( via Ubuntu 's vanilla dvdrip package ) , but it failed miserably .
It ' read ' 100 titles , each of which really turned out to be the movie with its chapters in the wrong order .
World Domination in Four Easy Steps
Because the point - and - click method had failed , I turned to the command line .
I never should have left , really .
Here 's the solution I found after much digging and trial - and - error .
Extract the VOBs
Concatenate the VOBs
Build a better ffmpeg
Encode !
Extract the VOBs
The first step is to figure out exactly what we want to extract , and then to grab it .
I used dvdbackup for this .
# Show info about this disk brendan@ishmael : ~/ Videos $ dvdbackup - I | less # Output indicated that the main Title Set is 3 brendan@ishmael : ~/ Videos $ dvdbackup -T 3 brendan@ishmael : ~/ Videos $ tree -s WALL_E / WALL_E / `-- [ 4096 ] VIDEO_TS |-- [ 163840 ] VTS_03_0.BUP
|-- [ 163840 ] VTS_03_0.IFO |-- [ 170770432 ] VTS_03_0.VOB
|-- [ 1073739776 ] VTS_03_1.VOB |-- [ 1073739776 ] VTS_03_2.VOB |-- [ 1073739776 ] VTS_03_3.VOB
|-- [ 1073739776 ] VTS_03_4.VOB
|-- [ 1073739776 ] VTS_03_5.VOB
`-- [ 111591424 ] VTS_03_6.VOB
Concatenate the VOBs
These files are pretty boring , but they can be concatenated since they 're basically just MPEG streams .
My initial approach was to cat them together and pipe the result to ffmpeg , which took up no additional disk space and had the virtue of lazily deferring IO while the encoder churned .
cat *.VOB | ffmpeg -y - i - [...]
As nice as this plan was , I could n't get it to work .
My audio stream would disappear , and I could n't figure out how to tell ffmpeg that it existed .
The end result was beautiful video with no sound .
Instead , I piped them to one big file and operated on that .
I also omitted the 0 file , since it turned out to be the DVD menu animations .
rm VTS_03_0.VOB for x in *.VOB ; do cat $ x >> walle.vob ; done
Build a better ffmpeg
Because my goal was to use this on my iPad , I had rather nonstandard requirements : h.264 video and AAC audio with an MPEG - 4 container .
As I mentioned before , these formats are far from ideal – use OGG / Theora when you can .
Presumably because they are non-free , the default Ubuntu ffmpeg package does n't include these encoders .
You 'll need to replace it .
Follow this helpful tutorial to build ffmpeg and various encoders from source .
I enabled all of the options .
Encode !
The iPad specifications indicate that it can do h.264 video up to 720 p at 30 fps with AAC sound at 160 Kbps , 48k Hz .
To achieve this , I did a 2 - pass encoding based on an encoding guide and a list of ffmpeg cheats .
I also did a lot of trial and error encoding , and my most pertinent piece of advice is this : test on a small VOB first .
Fail quickly .
ffmpeg -y - i walle.vob -r 30000/1001 -b 2 M - bt 4M - pass 1 -vcodec libx264 - vpre fastfirstpass - threads 0 - an -f mp4 /dev/null
ffmpeg -y - i walle.vob -r 30000/1001 -b 2 M - bt 4M - pass 2 -vcodec libx264 - vpre hq - threads 0 - map 0.0 - map 0.2 - async 1 - acodec libfaac - ac 2 - ab 160 k - ar 48000 walle.mp4
Outside of the typical ffmpeg files / encoders / rates , there are a few interesting settings :
-r 30000/1001 : set the frame rate to ~30fps
: set the frame rate to ~ 30 fps - pass < N > : indicate which pass we 're doing
: indicate which pass we 're doing - vpre < value > : indicate which libx264 preset file to apply
: indicate which libx264 preset file to apply - threads 0 : let the encoder choose how many threads to use based on your hardware .
Set this to utilize multicore / proc .
: let the encoder choose how many threads to use based on your hardware .
Set this to utilize multicore / proc. - an : disable audio , since the first pass only looks at video
: disable audio , since the first pass only looks at video -f mp4 / dev/ null : set type to mp4 and output to / dev/null , since the first pass stores its statistics in secondary files and the actual video output should be thrown away .
: set type to mp4 and output to / dev/null , since the first pass stores its statistics in secondary files and the actual video output should be thrown away .
- map 0.0 - map 0.2 : switch to the English audio stream , which was located in the 0.2 stream instead of the normal 0.1 .
To figure out which was which , I did variations of ffmpeg -y - i walle.vob - vn - acodec libfaac - ac 2 - ab 160 k - ar 48000 - map 0.2:0.1 walle.aac ( extracting just audio ) until I found the right stream .
: switch to the English audio stream , which was located in the 0.2 stream instead of the normal 0.1 .
To figure out which was which , I did variations of ( extracting just audio ) until I found the right stream .
- async 1 : make the audio and video streams line up .
Not necessary for all rips , but was in this case .
This produces a fairly high quality DVD rip that should be iPad compatible .
Unfortunately , you 'll need to leave the wonderful world of Linux to actually put the file on your iPad .
Do n't you just feel dirty doing this ?
I know I do .
In lieu of that , you could host it on a local webserver .
I can stream this bitrate over WiFi via nginx perfectly well .
Closing Thoughts
The file I produced is currently not iPhone compatible .
From what I can tell , the iPhone can only handle 640x480 video at 1.5 mbps .
You could do one of three things : tune the ffmpeg parameters to produce a video that 'll work on both , produce one separate file for each device , or do what I did and eschew the the low resolution option .
I 'd like to figure out how to do this encoding on the fly .
hdparm says my DVD transfer speeds clock in around 2 - 3MB / sec , which should stay ahead of the CPU during encoding .
It would be wonderful if the only additional disk space taken up by this process were for intermediate first - pass statistics and the final encoded video .
As things happened , I copied the files once from CD and again to concatenate them .
That 's less than ideal .
I 'd also like to showcase an open codec like OGG / Theora , since I strongly believe in that cause .
Doing that now can be an exercise for the reader , and it should n't be too hard ; it 's just a matter of finding the correct ffmpeg parameters .
Updated : I changed some audio - specific parameters because the sound was n't lining up with the video .
In the spirt of shoving Lisp where Lisp should - not - go I have jammed Gambit Scheme into Excel .
If you ’re interested in trying it out you should go and get the files RIGHT NOW at GitHub .
You just need to add the compiled .XLL into your add-ins and use the formula = GAMBITC ( “ (+ 1 1 ) ” ) in a cell of your choosing .
Please note this is a proof - of - concept .
You probably should n’t use it for anything important , most importantly because it probably leaks like a sieve .
You should also know I only really tested it on Excel 2003 .
It should load into Excel 2007 but I did n’t try that yet .
Why ?
Because it ’s there , and I ’m here
Why did I do it ?
Well the rationale behind doing this was that I wanted to write an app for Excel in Scheme .
I want to do that because I think it would be vastly superior to using .NET or VBA or COM .
Having spent a few hours on it I think I could definitely achieve what I set out to do but whether I ’ll actually go this route in the end I ’m undecided about .
More on that later .
Mature like a good cheese
The Excel API , as it turns out , is … well … mature .
Now I like old things quite a lot .
I ’m old , and I like me just fine .
One consequence of age is that we get a little extra baggage on the way .
This is true of Excel too .
Now , IMHO one of the more challenging aspects of programming a long - lived project is version management .
Especially version management of an API .
Broken backwards / forwards compatibility of those APIs could be serious impediments to a new Excel ’s acceptance .
Unsurprisingly then Excel has a number of APIs that have all undergone various enhancements over the years .
To me though the switch from Excel 2003 to Excel 2007 was the most significant , requiring the most additional cognitive load to work with .
For now , and for simplicity , I have chosen to totally deny the existence of Excel 2007 .
But I ’m coming back to it , oh yes I am .
I Eat Pain For Breakfast
I had read a bit online about the Excel C API and found it all hugely confusing .
So I bought a book thinking that that would make it clearer .
Although the author does attempt to explain how you might write an Excel add - in he does it in a way that makes programming from it hard .
For example , the information I need is spread all - over the book .
Answering a single question about Excel ’s behaviour with respect to calling the core Excel4 / Excel12 function necessitates flicking between the index and more than 10 different page sections .
The reason for this is probably that Excel is really a very versatile tool which is why a lot of the world ’s business ( large and small : ) ) seem to operate their database , accounts and customer details from it .
So there ’s not really one track through the development process .
There ’s literally hundreds , limited only by your imagination !
Having said that the book in combination with the Excel 2007 SDK was sufficient to pick through the rubble and build something workable .
Maybe I ’ll try and produce some guides / tutorials of my own to make the topic clearer .
Maybe .
On the Gambit side there ’s not much more documentation than what ’s on the manual HTML page to help .
Like the Excel book it is also very densely populated with information .
IMHO its main failing is that it could really do with having more documentation of the C macro functions .
Did I ever mention that I hate C macros ?
Well in Gambit these undocumented C macros are effectively what Gambit Scheme is written in and you kind - of need a fairly thorough explanation of how it all fits together to be able to make an effective glue with them .
I will be coming back to this later when I try and construct lists from cell ranges .
Finally I decided to do this all in MinGW rather than the more usual VC ++.
Whilst going this route did cost me a bit of time I ’d much rather use the GCC toolchain because I understand it better .
Where - to - now
Now that I have the interpreter in Excel I will probably work on tidying it up for Excel 2007 .
More importantly though , I want to see if I can exploit Excel 2007 ’s all important multi- threading capability .
If that all works out I might use it to make a custom add - in .
I will develop the app from the REPL in Emacs using Gambit Scheme .
When it ’s done I ’ll compile it up into a standalone XLL with Gambit .
That ’s the plan anyway .
Let me know if you like it , or can see a use for it .
Encouragement is always good .
cinnamon image by cherie from Fotolia.com
Cinnamon gets its powerful flavor and aroma from a variety of compounds that the tree uses specifically for the purpose of fending off attacks from insects and fungi .
These versatile chemicals are fairly harmless to most mammals but spell certain death for many bugs , fungi and bacteria .
Cinnamon Oil Production
Cinnamon trees come in four basic varieties : Cinnamonium verum ( " true cinnamon " in latin ) grows in Sri Lanka , and Burmanni ( Indonesian ) , Loureiroi ( Saigon ) and Aromaticum ( Chinese ) cinnamon grow all over southeast Asia and the adjacent islands .
Cinnamon oil can come from the bark of any of these trees , but the leaves of osmophloeum ( Taiwan ) cinnamon contain most of the same insect - repelling chemicals .
Cinnamaldehyde
This is the primary insect - controlling compound contained in cinnamon oil , and it comprises about 90 percent of the cinnamon oil by volume .
Like some of the other compounds , this compound is extremely deadly to most insects , fungi and bacteria but fairly harmless for most mammals and fish .
The powdered cinnamon that you purchase in stores is generally beechnut husk impregnated with cinnamaldehyde .
This strong - smelling compound also burns the nostrils of most animals , which makes it a useful cat and dog repellent .
Cinnamon gets its powerful flavor and aroma from a variety of compounds that the tree uses specifically for the purpose of fending off attacks from insects and fungi .
Cinnamon oil can come from the bark of any of these trees , but the leaves of osmophloeum ( Taiwan ) cinnamon contain most of the same insect - repelling chemicals .
Euganol
If this chemical sounds vaguely familiar , it 's because it 's commonly sold as an over - the - counter local anesthetic for use on sore teeth .
While not always extracted from cloves , this chemical is what gives cloves their signature flavor .
Euganol is more toxic than cinnamaldehyde , but it only comprises a small percentage of the cinnamon oil by volume .
By contrast , clove oil is about 90 percent euganol .
Anethole
Anethole ( C10 - H12 - O2 ) is an ether compound in the same class and is only one carbon atom off of cinnamaldehyde .
This chemical gives anise , star anise and fennel their signature flavor and is the primary flavoring ingredient in black licorice .
This compound is a powerful antibacterial and antifungal agent .
It 's recognized as safe for humans within the prescribed dosages , but in high dosages it can cause a lowering of body temperature , reduced motor activity and hypnotic , anticonvulsant and analgesic ( painkilling ) effects .
If this chemical sounds vaguely familiar , it 's because it 's commonly sold as an over - the - counter local anesthetic for use on sore teeth .
Euganol is more toxic than cinnamaldehyde , but it only comprises a small percentage of the cinnamon oil by volume .
Treatment
Cinnamon oil and its constituent chemicals kill many insects on contact and continue to act as a repellent for long afterward .
It 's especially effective against mosquitoes and bugs in their larval form , before they develop hard shells .
Bugs wo n't eat from any food source impregnated with cinnamon oil , which is the primary reason that cinnamon trees evolved it in the first place .
This includes human skin , which makes cinnamon oil a delicious - smelling alternative to commercial bug repellents .
Because the ethers in cinnamon oil are hydrocarbons , they 'll burn just like gasoline or kerosene ; however , combusting these ether compounds turns them into carbon dioxide and water vapor , rendering them useless as an insect repellent .
So if you 're looking for an oil to keep mosquitoes away at night , stick with citronella .
100 % tilfredshedsgaranti
Det er vigtigt for os , at du er glad for dine fotoprodukter .
Derfor tilbyder vi højkvalitative produkter , en kompetent kundeservice , hurtig leveringstid og sikker betalingsafvikling .
Skulle du , mod forventning , ikke være helt tilfreds , får du et nyt produkt eller pengene tilbage !
Designing for iPad : Reality Check
Over the last two months we have been working on several iPad projects : two news applications , a social network , and a word processor .
We worked on iPad projects without ever having touched an iPad .
One client asked us to “ start working on that tablet thing ” before we even knew whether the iPad was real .
The question Are we designing desktop apps , web sites , or something else entirely ?
has been torturing us until that express package from New York finally arrived .
Here ’s a quick writeup of design insights before and after the appearance of the iPad at our office .
Even though we developed everything inside the black box of Photoshop , it became quite clear that iPad app design is substantially different from web design in many ways .
The most obvious challenge was being forced to design for iPad pixels using iMac pixels .
The resolution gap between a 24 inch iMac and an iPad added a massive uncertainty factor :
1. Typography : Is it nice to read ?
The obvious issue with the resolution gap is typography .
Type that looks fine on an iMac screen might break on iPad .
In order to answer the questions …
Is the font big enough ?
Is it too big ?
Does it render well ?
Is the schriftbild ( text impression ) inviting or not ?
( text impression ) inviting or not ?
How does it feel to read ?
… we had no choice but to print out 1:1 scale mockups .
We printed out hundreds of these designs to get a feeling for the new canvas and the dense resolution .
Of course , we were still unsure about the usefulness of our work , since printed pixels are not the same as backlit pixels .
Reality check :
Wow , this thing is sharp !
After two months of printing , we did get the typography pretty much right , but there was another surprise waiting for us :
The sharpness .
With its high contrast and backlight , the iPad is a miracle picture book or photo frame , but designing long text passages for good readability is tough .
If executed carefully , text on an iPad can come close to printed text , but it needs a lot of care and specific screen typographic know - how .
Web body text sizes ( e.g. 16 px ) feel too small on iPad , while bigger sizes clash with the canvas dimensions .
This leads to all sorts of grid restrictions .
The iPad ’s resolution is higher than a regular LCD but lower than an iPhone , which gives pixels an unusual “ in between ” feel .
Paradoxically this can make type feel more pixelated than on a regular computer screen , which is usually farther away from the eye and less contrast - intense .
( At first I thought it ’s the sub - pixel anti-aliasing that becomes more apparent — there is a blue and orange glow around black - on - white type — but at the time of writing iPhone and iPad do n’t have sub pixel anti-aliasing .
So contrary to my initial assumption , the lack of sub - pixel anti-aliasing might be another reason why text does n’t look as smooth as expected . )
But make no mistake :
It ’s generally far more pleasant to read on an iPad than on a regular screen .
And yes , this thing is fast .
So while it still does n’t replace printed matter , it is a hell of a competitor to the laptop for reading digital text .
Backgrounds and the delicate sound of noise
Our first measure was to re-examine the relationship between text and background .
While black text on a white background is even worse than on a regular screen , decently colored text - to - background combinations ( like a sepia background with a dark umbra font , or a light blue - gray on dark blue ) worked quite well .
Another way to get around the hard contrast is using subtle patterns for backgrounds .
Once a big no - no among graphic designers , noise backgrounds started to establish themselves as a new design trend even before the iPad , as screen resolutions and contrast increased ( for example Dribbble ) .
2. UX & Skeumorphism : What about that phony 3D stuff ?
Studying Apple ’s Human Interface Guidelines in February , we understood this much :
If web design is Lego , iPad design must be Duplo .
And in testing the guidelines on the iPad , most of them proved to be correct .
For instance :
Make it work seamlessly in landscape and portrait mode Minimize full frame swipes , stay within the same frame as much as possible
Try to reduce navigation to a left sidebar in landscape mode and a popover in portrait mode
Dubious UI guideline principles
Now one thing just did n’t click : the guideline to make apps look like physical objects .
It ’s quite clear why Apple would try to push designs to imitate tangible things :
It ’s a touch interface : 3D objects look more tangible and inviting Everyday interfaces are easy to understand and familiar in their use Glitzy interfaces are easier to market
But …
Let ’s put it this way : you might remember the ultimate standard bearer of such “ easy to market ” interface design : Kai’s PhotoSoap .
It was as tacky as it was popular .
A huge hit on main street , a nightmare on designer ’s lane , and to the disparaging a one - way street leading through OS X Aqua to that tacky iPad Calendar app .
Everybody in the iA team strongly doubted the validity of that particular guideline , but we had no way to verify or falsify our doubts .
So we went full steam ahead : Everything 3D !
Make a newspaper look like a newspaper !
Make that word processor look like a type writer !
Use wooden backgrounds !
And why ?
Because Apple said so .
Like I mentioned above :
We had no way to check our designs except by printing them out to scale .
Now , as you can imagine , digital products imitating physical objects printed on paper …
It just did n’t look right .
Well , maybe we just need to see it on the device , we thought .
We could n’t help it : the longer we worked on our designs , the more we moved away from the fake 3D effects .
However , we found that 3D effects and material surfaces do work if used sparingly — as an invitation to touch , not as a basic metaphor .
In other words : Avoid the fake wood backgrounds , or creating a clickable living room ( cough , Yahoo ! ) .
Be tasteful .
Be delicate .
Reality check :
Does kitsch work ?
The amount of special effects an interface can hold is also a matter of taste .
Old screen designers like me have their biases of how interfaces are supposed to look .
So what happened to our elitist 3D resistance after the iPad reality check ?
Looking at different iPad apps that strongly push material surfaces and special effects , such as Calendar , Notes , and Pages , only confirmed that we were right to be hesitant .
Pushing leather buttons in the Calendar app feels very much like real leather buttons would feel : tacky .
Having the same thick stacks of pages left and right in your e-reader application on the first and the last page feels wrong , and it is wrong .
It ’s kitsch , as is using unhyphenated justified text in narrow columns , inviting text holes and rivers .
Aping a printed newspaper by using three - column layouts on horizontally scrolling nine page articles reads less easily , and is harder to handle than a vertical column .
That the New York Times goes down that path , does n’t make it right .
Using ragged text in super - narrow columns like the over - designed and overpriced Wall Street Journal app is also typographic kitsch .
Leather buttons , stitches , torn paper edges , multi- screen multi-column pseudo - newspaper layouts … on the screen it is just kitsch .
It tries to be something that it is not — and miserably fails at the attempt .
E - books do n’t wear down on screen .
There are no leather buttons in the real world .
Meaningless stitches in the UI distract the eye from the information .
So what about special effects and metaphors in user interface design ?
Use special effects , but use them sparingly .
Using metaphors
The same rule applies to visual metaphors : Just as with any literary metaphor , a visual metaphor hurts if it does n’t clarify ; it breaks if you stretch it ; it quickly becomes ludicrous if you combine it with a second or third metaphor .
Avoid metaphors that do not clarify .
If a metaphor darkens the meaning of what you are trying to express , cut it .
If you display stacks of pages in your e-reader , engineer the stacks to show where in the book you are .
Give them a function .
If you use the page metaphor , do n’t use scrolling inside the page since it clashes with the basic mental model of a sheet of paper .
Written metaphors often feel good to their authors , and since we know how hard it is to coin a strong , consistent metaphor , we are generally forgiving of weak ones .
In UI design , however , we are less tolerant .
UI metaphors have more impact in the overall texture :
While a weak text metaphor can be over - read , we have to deal with weak UI metaphors again and again — and weak UI elements get on our nerves quickly .
They are bad jokes .
For example : Using a book shelf for choosing a book is a consistent metaphor , but does it help you understand the interface ?
Does it help in any way ?
Do you still like the hard - to - scan bookshelf after looking at it for the 200th time ?
What if you have 200 books ?
Note that using quirky metaphors and plastering your app with special effects will not kill your app sales .
Unfortunately the audience for kitsch is bigger than one for elitist UI design .
Just be aware that kitsch design is for the moment : phony products do n’t have a long lifespan .
3. Interaction design :
So what works ?
The iPad is a stunning device to consume photos , comics , children ’s books , games , videos , and ( well - proportioned ) text , and it also seems to work surprisingly well as a writing device — if you ’re not a touch typer .
And while it looks like Duplo , it also feels a lot like a kid ’s toy , which is the perfect condition for good user interface design :
The limited screen real estate , and the limited “ credit ” on physical actions needed to complete one task ( do n’t make me swipe and touch too often ) , pushes designers to create a dead simple information architecture , and finesse the interaction design patterns to use a minimal number of actions .
This goes hand in hand with the fundamental law of user interaction design : Minimize input , maximize output .
Since the smallest touch point for each operation is a circle the size of an adult index finger tip , we cannot cram thousands of features ( or ads ! ) in the tight frame ; we have to focus on the essential elements .
Do n’t waste screen real estate and user attention on secondary functions .
We found that the iPad applications we designed were relatively easy to translate back into websites .
The iPad could prove to be a wonderful blueprint to design web sites and applications with .
If it works on the iPad , with a few tweaks it will work on a laptop .
I spy with my little eye… something that is black
The iPad looks and feels like a massive photo frame with a far more defined canvas than a website — and to a certain degree , that ’s how you should design for it .
But do n’t get too high on the fixed screen size : do n’t paint for the canvas .
The iPad scrolls smoother than any computer out there :
There is no need to replace scrolling with a monotonous swiping marathon .
Even on the iPad it ’s still easier to scroll than to swipe .
So go for the easier option if you can .
Do n’t copy column design or the swiping fest of the New York Times article page :
On a computer we have to take into account that the user physically operates between keyboard and mouse , while visually he moves between monitor , OS , app window , and the inner visual order of the window .
On the iPad , eye and hand movement are brought together and held captive within a massive black frame .
Overall orientation
Websites are volatile objects .
They ’re ( hyper ) linked with billions of other sites .
They work deep within a complex functional set of frames : Computer > Monitor > OS > Browser .
Websites seem to have infinite depth and complexity .
On the other side , iPad apps have a much simpler functional framing that suggests a more finite , closed information architecture .
Still , most iPad applications so far seem to fail to provide a clear overall orientation and mental model .
The passive ( or as Apple calls it : “ lean back ” ) tablet format suggests creating limited information architecture with linear use modes .
In comparison to a website , an iPad app is like a closed egg .
And this is one of the main challenges iPad app design poses to interaction designers .
How do you make navigating on iPad as easy as breaking an egg ?
And in particular , how do you measure information on a device without static scrollbar ?
In order to make the user feel in control of an iPad app you either need a strong , simple , structured content model that is consistent with the mental model of most users ( like the brilliant Marvel app ) , or you need to re-invent the way information is measured and orientation is given .
Average Reading Time
Working on our word processor we have been experimenting with zooming , using the page stack metaphor , and scrolling to give the user orientation of where in the text they currently are .
We also tried to combine both .
Of course , we experimented with progress bars and …
I think we have a better solution than all of them :
Using time as a measure .
We call it Reading Time .
Imagine , when you read a book , it does n’t show you how many pages are left or how many words you have read , but how far into the text you are time - wise and how long it will take you to finish .
Imagine when writing a text seeing :
How long it would take to read your text until the caret ( top number )
The total reading time of your text ( bottom number )
Instead of trying to figure out what that scrollbar , page number , or Street Fighter power bar actually mean , you just look at the time read and time remaining , and you know where you are .
To find your average reading time all you need is calibration .
Take a two minute reading test and you ’re set .
Want to see more ?
You ’ll have to wait a little .
We will present our Writing Machine at Typo Berlin 2010 next May .
So :
Stay tuned
I cannot emphasize enough how radically different the framing that iPad interfaces are embedded in is .
The iPad brings hands and eyes back together .
There is more to say , but for a first impression this is long enough .
Somehow Americans manage to turn every holiday -- from Christmas to Valentine 's Day , Mother 's Day , Father 's Day , the 4th of July , Veterans Day , Memorial Day , so - called President 's Day and the rest -- into a shopping opportunity .
Perversely , this is now happening to Earth Day , as companies try to persuade us that we can shop our way to a cleaner , greener planet .
Crazy , is n't it ?
Along with coal plants , gas - guzzling SUVs and climate deniers , the American way of producing and consuming and discarding , buying lots of stuff we do n't need that is n't going to make us happy anyway is , not to put too fine a point on it , trashing the only planet we have .
This is not what the first Earth Day -- 40 years ago , in 1970 -- was all about .
It was a political event .
It was about building an environmental movement .
It was led by young people and scientists and counter - culture types and it arrived at a time when support was building for other political and social movements as well -- the opposition to the Vietnam War , the feminist movement and the gay rights movement , all of which were inspired by the civil rights movements of the 1950s and 1960s .
None of these were mainstream , at least not at first .
None were about shopping .
Earth Day led to the environmental laws of the early 1970s , which brought real and dramatic change :
Our air and water are cleaner , parks and wilderness have been conserved , species have been protected .
Today , Earth Day is mainstream .
An recent MBA grad I know says that 's a good thing .
She told me by email :
I think it 's generally good if green is mainstream as more companies are offering environmental products .
That way we Berkeley types are n't the only crazy ones !
I 'm not so sure .
Buying a T - shirt or tote bag wo n't curb climate change or protect endangered habitat .
That takes politics , organizing , hard work .
Here are some of the Earth Day products that have been brought to my attention in the days leading up to the 40th anniversary .
These are bhappybags -- I 'm not making this up -- and they are described as an " attractive yet durable line of reusable shopping / tote , wine , yoga and dry- cleaning bags " that " help to eliminate the destructive overuse of disposable bags . "
The shower curtain below , available from Dream Designs , is made from natural hemp fabric that I 'm told :
" ... does not require a plastic or vinyl liner , thus eliminating the concerns for toxic off gasing .
When it 's dirty , just throw it in the washing machine . "
And there is this " only all - natural , whole - kernel corn litter that is biodegradable and renewable , flushable , septic safe and chemical free ( no synthetic chemicals , clays or perfumes ) , " sold by World 's Best Cat Litter .
There 's more , much more , alas .
Fortunately , not all companies see Earth Day as just another revenue driver .
Starbucks , as an example , did something smart and meaningful last week .
It gave away a free cup of coffee to everyone who brought in a re-usable mug , using social media , including this entertaining video , to promote the event .
This may be about branding but it's true to the spirit of Earth Day , a reminder to people that you do n't need that iconic white - and - green cup , which is going to find its way into the trash , to enjoy your morning brew .
Nor is this a one time event .
Starbucks has also made public commitments to serve more of its coffee in reusable mugs and making the cup recyclable .
Major league baseball is also taking Earth Day seriously .
Teams are hosting Earth Day events to promote recycling , energy efficiency and conservation .
The Phillies are recycling cell phones and buying renewable energy , the Indians are giving away caps made out of recycled plastic bottles , and my Washington Nationals are discounting tickets for fans who take metro , as opposed to driving to the game .
Good stuff .
More important , big league baseball has agreed to begin collecting environmental data at all 30 stadiums about energy use , waste generation , water use and paper procurement , and then share best practices among the teams .
You can read more about it from Allen Hershkowitz of NRDC , who calls this " arguably , the most important environmental initiative in the history of professional sports , worldwide . "
So you can see that I 'm not opposed to companies capitalizing on Earth Day to promote themselves , provided they are pushing for change -- as opposed to selling us T - shirts , tote bags and mugs that we probably do n't need .
GreenBiz.com Senior Writer Marc
Gunther is a longtime journalist and speaker whose focus is business and sustainability .
Marc maintains a blog at MarcGunther.com .
You can follow him on Twitter @marcGunther .
Photos CC - licensed by Flickr user qgil and country boy shane .
Newcastle Brown
Ale has been brewed on Tyneside since 1927 The Federation Brewery in Gateshead will close by the end of May , ending production of Newcastle Brown Ale on Tyneside , it has been confirmed .
Heineken UK , which owns the Dunston brewery site , is switching operations to the John Smiths plant in Tadcaster , North Yorkshire .
The company said 40 jobs had already been lost at the site , and a further 23 would follow when it closes next month .
The closure is being blamed on falling beer sales in the UK .
Rachel Anderson , from the North East Chamber of Commerce , said : " It 's always sad when an iconic brand like Newcastle Brown
Ale leaves the area , but we have been expecting news of the closure for a while , so it sadly comes as no surprise .
" These are difficult times for the brewing industry , and I think the important thing now is to find the right investment for the Federation Brewery site .
" Newcastle has always had a good reputation for brewing .
We have a number of smaller , artisan breweries in the region and I think they should be encouraged as this is maybe where the future lies . "
Newcastle Brown
Ale has been brewed on Tyneside since 1927 , and moved across the River Tyne from Newcastle to Gateshead in 2005 .
Heineken said out of the 63 workers losing their jobs , 12 will take up new employment with the company at various other UK sites .
Graeme Stephenson , manager at the Federation Brewery , said : " It is a great testament to everyone here that throughout this difficult period they have shown the highest level of professionalism and maintained the high standards level of safety , quality and service performance associated with the site . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Running a small particle generation experiment to see FPS ( Frames per Second ) on my iPod touch 3.1.3 clearly shows that there ’s marginal difference between HTML5 Canvas rendering engine optimized to run on Safari that comes with iPhone / iPod touch and iPad and plain old HTML and JavaScript .
Moreover , HTML5 comparison on iPod touch and Nexus One is absolutely astonishing .
Experiment :
The experiment involves generating particles with shadows from a seed particle .
The experiment shows that the difference in performance between HTML5 and HTML +JS on iPod touch .
UPDATE
The iPod touch used in this bench is iPod 3G 8 GB firmware 3.1.3
This video shows that iPod touch 3G is by far the fastest of all iDevices so I have chosen the fastest one for this test .
Speed Test on iPod Touch Firmware 3.1.3
HTML5 Canvas peak : 2.08 FPS
HTML + JavaScript peak : 1.31
Nonetheless , the cat fight between Apple and Adobe over HTML5 and Flash will continue .
Steve Jobs accuses
Flash to be a resource hog and something that was never meant for mobile devices .
Well , see this same experiment running on Google ’s Nexus One and see the difference .
Even for a 1 Ghz Snap dragon processor , the difference is not justifiable .
This guy runs the Flash version of the experiment using the Flash Player 10.1 embedded in the browser and it beats both HTML5 and HTML +JS with a huge difference !
HTML5 vs. HTML+JS vs. Flash 10.1 b3 on Nexus One :
Speed Test on Google Nexus One :
HTML5 Canvas peak : 6.43 FPS
Flash 10.1 peak : 45 26 FPS
What does this prove ?
Flash 10.1 runs 7X faster then HTML5 on Google Nexus One
HTML5 runs 3X faster on Google Nexus One compared with iPod Touch 3.1.3
Previously , we showed how HTML5 video keeps crashing on iPad which is a further proof that HTML5 is still not ready to compete with Flash no matter what Steve Jobs claims .
[ via The Man In Blue ]
Use of braindump will provide real success in days .
Download the 350-001 dumps and tutorials to pass real test on first try .
Lib Dems back radical drug policy
The Liberal Democrats have voted in favour of the legalisation of cannabis - the first main UK party to support such a radical move .
The party 's leadership had recommended decriminalising the drug but delegates went a step further and chose legalisation , at the spring conference in Manchester .
[ Addicts ] have already lost their jobs , their homes and their families - prison wo n't help , and it probably wo n't deter
Harriet Smith
Liberal Democrats
They also voted for an end to imprisonment for the possession of any illegal drug - including heroin and cocaine - and backed the downgrading of ecstasy from a Class A to a Class B drug .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Simon Hughes said the move was " responsible , realistic and progressive " .
Describing the prosecution of cannabis users as " a waste of time " , he said his party 's approach stood for " help for the addict , punishment for the dealer " .
Abolishing jail sentences for ... cocaine and heroin would lead to more drug use and more drug - related crime
Labour spokeswoman
The party 's leader Charles Kennedy has previously backed legalisation but did not take part in Saturday 's discussion or vote .
Afterwards , Mr Kennedy said that taken as a whole , the package - which calls for more rehabilitation facilities and tougher sentences for those caught selling drugs near schools - was an appropriate response to the problem .
But the Labour party denounced the move , saying the Liberal Democrats had " lost touch with the real world " where drugs policy is concerned .
" Ecstasy is a dangerous drug that kills and grading it from Class A to Class B would be foolhardy and irresponsible , " a spokeswoman said .
" Abolishing jail sentences for drugs like cocaine and heroin would lead to more drug use and more drug - related crime . "
' Honest debate ' Delegates conceded that legalising cannabis would take time to implement .
But in the meantime , they would no longer prosecute people for possessing or growing the drug for their own use .
The Liberal Democrats ' controversial decision risks alienating some of the disaffected Tories Mr Kennedy hopes to attract .
Earlier , Mr Kennedy said that having the confidence and maturity to discuss the issue honestly and openly did the party " no harm " .
Mr Hughes said delegates had been carefully considering the issues for two years , and that there were " close votes on some of the issues under debate " .
One speaker , barrister Jonathan Marks , had argued that ending imprisonment for hard drugs would be a huge mistake .
" If we were to abolish imprisonment for possession , and therefore for use , of Class A drugs , we would be sending entirely the wrong message to the public at large and especially to young people , about hard drugs , " he said .
But another speaker , Harriet Smith , countered that imprisoning drug users simply does not work .
" They 've already lost their jobs , their homes and their families , " she said .
" Prison wo n't help , and it probably wo n't deter .
In fact it can make matters far worse .
" I know people who have gone inside clean and come out seriously addicted . "
Mr Kennedy will address the party on Sunday .
Duncan Keith Defense - CHI GOALS : 1 | ASST : 9 | PTS : 10
SOG : 46 | +/-: 3
" He 's going to have a great smile in a couple weeks .
He was walking around , skating around , talking to us before the power play , mumbling what we were supposed to do .
I do n't think anybody understood what he was talking about , but he 's one of our leaders . "
-- Patrick Sharp
--
The chicklets came pouring out of his mouth , and one even got stuck in the back of his throat .
Duncan Keith lost seven teeth in all , three on the top and four on the bottom , when the puck came off Patrick Marleau 's stick and hit him square in the mouth .
That was with 12:30 remaining in the second period of Sunday 's series - clinching win over the San Jose Sharks .
Seven minutes later , after some pronto dental work behind closed doors , Keith was back on the ice for the Chicago Blackhawks Wow .
"
It 's just missing teeth , " Keith said through his bloodied and swollen mouth .
" It 's a long way from the heart . " Keith said he knew from taking one breath after the puck struck him that he was going to need some serious dental work later Sunday .
" I just knew right away , " he said .
" I took one breath and it felt like my whole mouth was missing so I knew there were some teeth gone .
" At least two of them dropped out of his mouth .
He had to cough one up .
The others , well , Keith has no idea where they went . "
A bunch of them disintegrated , it felt like , " Keith said .
It seemed like the Blackhawks hopes of winning Game 4 were disintegrating , too .
San Jose scored a shorthanded goal seconds after the puck hit Keith -- a bounce off his mouth that proved fortuitous for the Sharks -- to grab a 2 - 0 lead .
Keith , Chicago 's best defenseman and a Norris Trophy finalist , was locked in a room ( without mirrors , by the way ) , getting worked on as his team was trying to mount a comeback .
Keith admitted he was less than happy with the cirsumstances .
Then he heard " Chelsea Dagger " start blaring throughout the United Center and he knew the Hawks had gotten one back .
It was after a lengthy review , but Keith 's sidekick , Brent Seabrook , was credited with his third goal of the playoffs .
All of a sudden Keith felt better .
The needles that the dentists were puncturing his mouth with started to work their magic .
His gums and teeth , or what was left of them , started to go numb ( " Froze up , " Keith called it ) .
He realized that two of the teeth he lost , well , they were fake anyway .
Soon after , he was back on the ice and the Blackhawks were motoring again .
Several minutes later , Keith wound up with the secondary assist on Dave Bolland 's game - tying goal .
Even though he missed a few shifts , Keith still logged a game - high 29:02 of ice time , including more than 12 minutes in the third period .
He blocked five shots .
" I thought he had a great third period , " Chicago coach Joel Quenneville said .
" He 's a battler , he 's a warrior .
Obviously we certainly missed him through that stretch . " " Character " was the word Marian Hossa used to describe Keith : " I mean , he 's a huge part of this team , and if you see a guy like that going down and in a few shifts coming back , that gives a spark for this team a little more .
It 's the little things like that , and he proved he was one of the leaders on this team . "
Patrick Sharp said he told Keith it would be a " blessing in disguise " because now he can go get himself some nice fake teeth .
" He 's going to have a great smile in a couple weeks , " Sharp added .
" He was walking around , skating around , talking to us before the power play , mumbling what we were supposed to do .
I do n't think anybody understood what he was talking about , but he 's one of our leaders . " Keith , who had n't yet seen himself in the mirror , said his mouth felt surprisingly good after the game .
" It 's numb right now , " he said .
" I 'm sure that will wear off in a bit and it wo n't feel as good .
"
You get hit in the teeth , obviously it hurts the gums , but it 's not like you got your jaw smashed in , " he added .
" It 's tougher talking , but it 's not as bad as you think it is .
" Keith was expecting to be in a dentist 's chair for several hours Sunday night .
" Not fun , " he quipped .
But knowing he could sit there wearing his new Western Conference champions cap was warming Keith 's heart and making him feel a whole lot better .
" I 'd probably be hurting a lot more if we lost , " Keith said .
" I do n't know what else to say , it was a great win and it feels good now .
" Two of them were fake already , so hopefully I can get some nice teeth now . "
Another great one from Andy Cobb of Second City .
This one deals with the subject of Arizona ’s new draconian anti-immigrant law that empowers the police to ask anyone who “ looks ” like an immigrant to prove their US citizenship .
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
A few months ago Ian Davis and I were chatting about some new approaches to helping practitioners climb the learning curve around Linked Data , RDF and related technologies .
We were both keen to help communicate the value of Linked Data , share knowledge amongst practitioners , and to encourage the community to converge on best practices .
We kicked around a number of different ideas in this vein .
For example , Ian was keen to provide guidance as to how to mix and match different vocabularies to achieve a particular goal , like describing a person or a book .
Having a ready reference containing recipes for these common tasks would address a number of goals .
He ’s ended up exploring that idea further in the recently released Schemapedia .
If you ’ve not seen it yet , then you should take a look .
It provides a really nice way to navigate through RDF vocabularies and explore their intersections .
The other thing that we discussed was Design Patterns .
I ’ve been a Design Pattern nut for some time now .
Discovering them was something of a right of passage for me during my Master ’s dissertation .
I ’d spent weeks revising and honing a design for the distributed system I was building , only to discover that what I ’d produced was already documented as a design pattern in an obscure corner of the research literature .
While I ’d clearly reinvented the wheel , the discovery not only provided external validation for what I ’d produced , but also neatly illustrated the benefit of using design patterns to share knowledge and experience within a community .
Knowing when to apply particular patterns is a key skill for any developer , and the terms are a part of the design vocabulary we all share .
I suggested to Ian that we explore writing some patterns for Linked Data .
Patterns for assigning identifiers , modelling data , as well as application development .
We experimented with this for a while but ended up parking the discussion for a few months whilst other priorities intervened .
I recently revived the project .
It ’s pretty clear to me that there ’s still a big skills gap between experienced practitioners and those seeking to apply the technology .
I think the current situation is reminiscent of the move of OO programming from the research lab out into the developer community ; design patterns played a key role there too .
Ian and I have decided to share this with the community as an on - line book , a pattern catalogue that covers a range of different use cases .
We started out with about half a dozen patterns , but over the last few weeks I ’ve expanded that figure to thirty .
I ’ve still got a number on my short - list ( more than a dozen , I think ) but it ’s time to start sharing this with the community .
The work wo n’t ever be complete as the space is still unfolding , it will just get refined over time .
You can read the book online at http://patterns.dataincubator.org.
The work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license so you ’re free to use it as you see fit , but please attribute the source .
If you want to download it , then there ’s a PDF , and an EPUB too .
We ’re using DocBook for the text so there will be a number of different access options .
I ’ll stress that this is a very early draft , so be gentle .
But we ’d love to hear your comments .
Available on your SmartTV , Connected Devices & Mobile Phones
Two Options To Download to your mobile device :
Download from iOS or Android App Store
Or
Download directly to mobile browser & bookmark
Choose from ‎€5.99 / mo | ‎€59.99 / year Packages start at ‎€5.99
Choose from ‎€ 5.99 / mo | ‎€59.99 / year
No Credit Card Required
" Seasoning " cast iron is the act of creating a hard layer of petrified oil / grease on cast iron or steel .
Maintaining a good cast iron seasoning is the most important aspect of keeping stuff from sticking to cast iron cookware .
Each time you cook with oil / grease and do n't have to scrub the cookware afterward , you probably add another layer .
Scrubbing , scratching or soaking the cookware in water probably removes many layers .
Some layers of cast iron seasoning are better than others .
What makes better layers probably has to do with what kind of oil / grease was used , what temperature created the layer and how thick the oil / grease was when it was put on .
A well seasoned cast iron skillet will have dozens of very thin , very hard layers .
So many that the cast iron skillet will appear to be black instead of the silvery gray of the raw cast iron .
I think the best way to season a cast iron skillet is to use it .
In the beginning , you might use a little more oil / grease than you would normally use - just to make sure that you do n't have to scrub afterward .
Once you have some seasoning layers built up , you can use less oil / grease .
That 's it !
All of your cast iron seasoning needs are taken care of by just simply using the cast iron cookware .
And most folks are gonna be unsatisfied with that .
Most folks believe that " seasoning " cast iron means that you put some oil / grease on the cookware and bake it .
Cast iron seasoning recipes include varying temperatures from 100 degrees to 550 degrees .
And processes from an hour to several days !
Okay , okay , okay .... to please the masses that need some sort of oven based ritual ....
If I was gonna try this sort of bake style seasoning again , I would :
Put on a thin coat of oil / grease all over the cast iron skillet .
Inside and outside .
Put foil under the skillet to catch any dripping oil .
Turn your fan on , because this is gonna smoke !
Bake at 400 degrees for 15 minutes .
Wipe out as much grease as you can with a paper towel .
Bake for another 45 minutes , then turn the oven off , leaving the door closed .
After an hour or more , remove from oven .
The nice thing about the oven approach is that you get a layer of seasoning all over the cast iron skillet all at once .
I became a bit obsessed with understanding this stuff and was getting more confused by the minute until this fella
Alan straightened me out in a forum : " What you want is a layer of heavily polymerized fat which typically includes a fair bit of carbon black bound up with it .
" So it is polymerized fat which is hard and slick .
The carbon is the black stuff .
A couple of chemistry savvy friends explained to me that " polymerized " means that the substance re-arranged its molecules to be in a different state ( I hope I have that right ) .
In this case , slick liquid oil becomes slick , rock hard solid oil .
Apparently , this is very similar to how paint works .
This is the beginning of my education .
It turns out that there are an infinite number of kinds of seasoning layers .
It depends on the type of oil , the quantity of oil , the temperature , the duration of the heat .
Some have lots of carbon , some not so much .
Some make a glassy layer and some make a " sticky " layer that turns squirmy slick when heated .
Some stick to the cast iron skillet better than others .
The oil / grease will often go through a sticky phase before becoming a seasoning layer .
If you have too much oil / grease , you might never get past the sticky phase !
The moral of the story is that thin layers are best .
I once tried to do a thick seasoning layer .
It came right off as gross black stuff all over my food .
One time I watched a fella seasoning a commercial steel griddle by patiently pushing some oil around the hot surface .
In the beginning , it started to get yellow blotches .
By the time it started to get brown blotches , the fella started to make pancakes .
The more pancakes he made , the more seasoned the surface became .
I think variations of this are the best approaches .
If you bought used cast iron , chances are that it is already seasoned with years of hearty use .
You probably do n't need to worry about seasoning it .
An interesting thing about seasoning :
It is usually quite mottled , or spotty , or spider - web-ish .
Once in a long while I can get one consistent / contiguous / plain layer - but I have yet to be able to repeat it when I want to .
I wish I knew the secret here .
I bought this little cast iron skillet brand spanking new .
It was gray .
I did not season it in an oven .
All I did was start using it .
And I took pictures .
This first picture is after using it two or three times .
You can see how some layers of oil are darker than others .
And mottled .
A little more use .
See how the seasoning coloring is starting to get darker overall .
Still more .
After this it will have so many seasoning layers it will just look black .
A close up so you can see how some layers are more mottled than others and some layers are blacker than others .
I feel really comfortable with my current philosophies on seasoning cast iron .
While back a blogger named Sheryl contacted me and appears to have embraced my stuff and taken it a bit further .
Here is the discussion in the forums about cast iron : polymerizing oils and a better seasoning and here is her related blog entry chemistry of cast iron .
I have to admit that I 'm having a hard time getting it all to fit in my head .
I would really like to have more discussion of it , and ... well .... you know ... try to get it in my head !
The snap visit this week of veteran U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke to Georgia - ostensibly to discuss Georgian participation as a supply route to the Afghanistan battlefront - underscores an unsettling new development in U.S. - Russian relations .
At the ragged edge of the old East - West divide , a new battle is taking shape : this one for influence over - and under - the Black Sea .
For much of the Cold War , the Black Sea was bounded by territory under Soviet control - the Georgian , Ukrainian and Russian Soviet Socialist Republics on the eastern shore , Warsaw Pact members Romania and Bulgaria on the west - with Turkey providing NATO its sole , albeit geo-critical position at the throat of the Black Sea .
With Romania and Bulgaria 's accession to NATO in 2004 alongside the Color Revolutions in Georgia and Ukraine , the prospect opened in 2004 - 5 of a future in which all Black Sea nations save Russia would be NATO nations .
The concept of the Black Sea as a " Russian Lake " - a status that spanned the reign of Catherine the Great to the waning days of the Cold War - seemed destined for the dustbin of history .
Today , history may be doubling back , with the Georgia war demonstrating Russia 's willingness to use force to advance its aims , and Ukraine 's election of a pro-Russian president signaling Kiev 's shift from Orange to Red in its political orientation .
Developments on the western shore of the Black Sea have been equally dramatic .
Early this month - just when Moscow was likely hoping that the September 2009 scuttling of the Bush Era Ballistic Missile Defense ( BMD ) plan in Poland and the Czech Republic was a sign of American decoupling from Eastern Europe - the U.S. made a surprise announcement welcoming Romania 's participation in the Obama administration 's revamped BMD system .
The U.S. - Romania announcement was followed immediately by rumors of additional BMD components in Bulgaria and Turkey , a land - based presence that , in addition to being well - sited to defeat an Iranian missile threat , would lock in U.S. regional involvement for the indefinite future .
Indeed , and in sharp contrast to the Bush plan , the Black Sea itself may prove critical to the Obama BMD scheme : A 2009 report by the U.S. Congressional Research Service notes that U.S. Navy BMD destroyers and cruisers armed with SM - 3 interceptors might require deployments not only in the eastern Mediterranean but in the Black Sea as well .
The prospect is more than theoretical :
This past summer , the USS Stout , a BMD destroyer , paid port of call visits to Constanta , Romania , Varna , Bulgaria and the Georgian ports of Batumi and Poti .
Not to be outdone , the Russian Navy has now struck a deal to buy France 's Mistral amphibious landing vessel ( France 's NATO membership notwithstanding ) , which , in the words of one overly candid Russian admiral , would have enabled Russia to wrap up the Georgia war " in 45 minutes . "
Days later , Russian media carried a report out of the pro-Russian break - away enclave of Transdniestr - a sliver of Moldova , just now engaged in a new round of unity flirtations with Romania - professing that it would be pleased to host Russian Iskander missiles to counter the looming U.S. BMD threat .
No word yet on whether Moscow marionettes South Ossetia or Abkhazia will follow suit .
As if all this missile - flexing were n't enough , there 's an economic dimension to the Black Sea conflict .
The Black Sea figures in Russia 's South Stream pipeline scheme to transit Russian - sourced natural gas as far west as Austria and Italy - itself a means of undercutting the much - discussed , much - delayed Nabucco pipeline billed as a western - backed way of reducing Russian resource dominance .
Add to that the 2009 ruling by the International Court of Justice in the Black Sea boundary dispute recognizing Romania 's sovereignty over a swath of the Black Sea bed ( Ukraine , much more pliable to Russian pressure , was the loser ) which puts the undersea exploitation of sizable oil and gas fields in the hands of a NATO nation .
For resource - rich Russia , Romania 's gain is unwelcome competition - not so much in lost energy revenues , but in a diminished Russian capability to use its energy weapon against Europe .
Expect a rear - guard Russian game of resource - denial aimed at European and North American companies that might provide an alternative energy supply to Central Europe and beyond .
With so many other challenges to reckon with , is the U.S. really ready for a post - Cold War tug of war in Southeastern Europe ?
Conventional wisdom posits that President Obama - who cancelled plans to attend the Madrid EU summit this May and has his own plateful of domestic and international crises to attend to - has little mind - space to devote to such machinations .
But this presidential - level " delegation " leaves the United States ' European policy largely in the hands of two Obama cabinet members - Republican holdover Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton - who together form a line of continuity from Bush I through the Clinton years and Bush II , a period in which U.S. policy demonstrated a reasonably bipartisan appreciation of the value of a Europe whole and free .
And as the Holbrooke photo - op in Georgia ( never mind how Tbilisi would run a supply line from the wrong side of the Caspian Sea to surging NATO forces in Afghanistan ) and BMD basing agreements make clear , this sub- presidential policy approach shows few signs of giving Russia the regional free hand it seeks .
Pipelines criss - crossing the seabed , extraction platforms dotting the coastlines , U.S. missile defense cruisers and destroyers patrolling the surface and paying visits to ports of call , while the Russian Navy anchors at its Ukrainian rent - a- port at Sevastopol :
As the decade unfolds , the Black Sea is about to become a busy place .
All of which will offer plenty of opportunities for contending forces and clashing interests - military as well as economic - to come into contact .
65 years ago this month , at the Black Sea resort of Yalta , the world 's powers mapped the ending of one war while planting the seeds of another .
Today , the Black Sea once again figures as a potential fault line for a new round of friction between East and West .
" Money ca n't buy happiness , " the old saying goes , and anyone who doubts that this is sometimes true should conduct a Google search for " lottery winners horror stories . "
He or she will find accounts of people for whom a great financial windfall led to misery , bankruptcy , and even suicide .
In international relations , power is the equivalent of money -- highly desired , actively sought , and eagerly used .
The theme of three new books about power and U.S. foreign policy is that as with money , so with power : a great deal of it does not necessarily bring success .
It can even have the opposite effect .
Powerful countries can and do carry out foreign policies that fail , making them less prosperous , less respected , and , ultimately , less powerful .
In each of the books , the prime example of the dangers of power , the equivalent of the lottery winners destroyed by riches , is the United States during the George W. Bush administration .
For all three authors , the essence of what Christopher Preble calls " the power problem " is that the United States has too much of it .
Each author advocates a foreign policy different from the one Bush conducted .
Each calls for more modest aims and wider international cooperation .
And although each severely criticizes the Bush administration , all find evidence of the drawbacks of power in the policies of other administrations and in the histories of other countries as well .
The three books have another important feature in common : each is backward - looking .
Although they do not seem to recognize it , the era in which U.S. foreign policy could be driven in counterproductive directions by an excess of power is in the process of ending .
DEBATING DOMINANCE
Jack Matlock is one of the most accomplished U.S. diplomats of the last half century .
His specialty in the Foreign Service was the Soviet Union , where he served four tours of duty -- the last of them , from 1987 to 1991 , as U.S. ambassador .
Prior to his final posting in Moscow , he advised President Ronald Reagan on Soviet affairs .
Matlock 's assessment of the Bush administration is harshly negative .
He says , for example , that the 9/11 attacks " could have been prevented if the Bush administration had shown minimal competence in using the information the CIA had provided . "
Matlock , a trusted aide to Reagan , contends that in temperament and outlook , if not always in policy preferences , Barack Obama more closely resembles the president with whom he worked than did President George W. Bush -- a judgment likely to occasion both surprise and dismay among the partisans of all three chief executives .
The most important feature of Superpower Illusions is Matlock 's explanation of the wayward course of U.S. foreign policy after the Cold War .
It has stemmed , he believes , from a mistaken understanding of how and why the great conflict with the Soviet Union ended .
Americans have wrongly seen this end as a kind of military victory .
In fact , it was " a negotiated outcome that benefitted both sides . "
The four - decade - long policy of containment certainly helped create the conditions in which the conflict could end as it did , but military power alone could never have produced that ending .
Matlock denounces " the idea . . . that it was U.S. force and threats , rather than negotiation , that ended the Cold War , and also that Reagan 's rhetoric ' conquered ' communism , and that the collapse of the Soviet Union was the equivalent of a military victory . "
Such claims , he goes on , " are all distortions , all incorrect , all misleading , and all dangerous to the safety and future prosperity of the American people . "
The triumphalist interpretation has had pernicious consequences .
It has reinforced Russian leader Vladimir Putin 's narrative of his country 's recent history , which asserts that the end of the Soviet Union was an unmitigated disaster , foisted on the Russians by the West in order to weaken the Russian nation .
That narrative supports Putin 's autocratic domestic policies and Russia 's reflexive hostility to the United States .
The incorrect reading of the Cold War 's end has also contributed , by fostering an exaggerated sense of American power , to harmful foreign policies on the part of the United States .
Matlock is particularly eloquent and convincing on one of them : the decision to expand NATO to former communist countries and former republics of the Soviet Union while excluding Russia .
NATO expansion was not necessary to assure the security of the newly independent countries of eastern Europe , he says , and it has had devastating consequences for U.S. interests .
In his view , it " increased America 's exposure to risk by adding countries to its security guarantee , . . . weakened NATO ( because the more members it had the more its unity was challenged by competing national interests ) , and . . . alarmed Russia and made it less willing to cooperate fully with the United States . "
NATO expansion proved all the more offensive to Russia because Western leaders had given assurances to their Soviet counterparts that the alliance would not move eastward .
Matlock was present when U.S. Secretary of State James Baker conveyed such an assurance to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in February 1990 .
In light of his account , the argument made by the apologists for NATO expansion -- that the United States was entitled to carry it out because Soviet leaders never received a written promise that it would not take place -- can be seen as the travesty of basic American principles that it is .
Neither the founders of the United States nor those who led it through the trials of the next two centuries ever intended their country to behave like a dishonest businessman whose word cannot be trusted unless it is formally embedded in an ironclad legal contract .
Matlock writes on the basis of 35 years as an active participant in making and carrying out foreign policy .
Giulio Gallarotti's perspective , by contrast , is that of an observer .
Gallarotti is a professor of government at Wesleyan University , and The Power Curse is written in academic style for other academics .
Its title echoes a phenomenon familiar to economists : the resource curse .
This is the perverse tendency for a large endowment of a valuable resource -- usually oil -- to make a country poorer by stunting the development of the institutions necessary for a productive economy and by boosting the value of the country 's currency , thereby harming its exports .
Gallarotti asserts that a large endowment of power has a comparable effect , leading its possessor to adopt policies that weaken it .
In one sense , his thesis is surely correct .
The foreign policies of great powers do sometimes fail , and their power is almost always a cause of the failure in that without this power they would not have embarked on the failed initiatives in the first place .
To take two of the cases Gallarotti discusses , ancient Athens would not have tried to conquer Sicily and the United States would not have intervened in Vietnam had the two great powers not had substantial military and economic resources .
Whether the systematic relationship between power and failure that Gallarotti posits actually exists is less clear .
He argues that power leads to failure in four distinct ways : by discouraging states from adapting to complexity , by making them vulnerable to overstretch , by leading them to fall victim to moral hazard , and by inducing them to act unilaterally .
Not all of the terms he uses are well defined .
" Moral hazard , " in its original economic context , refers to a situation in which the gains from economic activity are privatized and the losses are socialized -- that is , borne by the government .
As Gallarotti uses the term , however , it seems to mean merely overconfidence , which is something different .
A firm or an individual operating in circumstances of moral hazard has a strong incentive to engage in behavior known to be risky because the potential economic benefits are large and the losses will be borne by somebody else .
An overconfident government , by contrast , carries out policies that it does not consider risky .
It believes that it will suffer no losses because the policies cannot fail .
Like Matlock , Gallarotti believes that the Bush administration 's foreign policies , to which he devotes an entire chapter , weakened the United States , but the chapter does not always inspire confidence in his grasp of the realities of the world in which Bush and his colleagues formulated these policies .
Gallarotti writes , for example , of the social welfare activities of the three principal terrorist organizations in the Middle East that " the generosity on the part of Hamas , Hezbollah , and Al - Qaida has become legend among Muslim populations in a number of countries . "
The policies of these three organizations that have had the widest effects , however , most certainly did not enhance the welfare of those they affected .
Hamas ' assaults on Israel and criticism of Egypt led to a blockade by the two countries of the Gaza Strip , where Hamas holds power , which has made the conditions of life there miserable .
Hezbollah started an unprovoked war against Israel that caused extensive damage in southern Lebanon and parts of Beirut .
Al Qaeda 's major accomplishment since 9/11 has been to murder thousands of fellow Muslims .
Gallarotti does not specify the countries in which these three groups have become legendary , but they cannot be the ones in which Hamas , Hezbollah , and al Qaeda actually operate .
The Power Curse concludes with a series of lessons from the cases it examines , which amount to an injunction to governments to conduct their foreign policies in a prudent , cautious , and flexible fashion .
This is surely good advice for powerful countries -- and for weak ones , and for those that are neither , as well .
RESTRAINING ORDER
The recommendations for U.S. foreign policy in Christopher Preble 's The Power Problem , by contrast , go well beyond prudence .
Preble is the director of foreign policy studies at the Cato Institute , a Washington think tank with a libertarian political outlook that generally favors a far more modest foreign policy than recent administrations have chosen .
On the evidence of this volume , Preble considers the defense of the borders of the United States to be the only legitimate use of U.S. military power .
He , his colleague Ted Galen Carpenter , and other foreign policy analysts affiliated with Cato can be counted on to make a cogent case against whatever international initiative the U.S. government happens to be contemplating or actually carrying out .
Since the think tanks in the nation 's capital that are more closely aligned with one of the two main political parties usually support the government 's foreign policy initiatives ( at least when their favored party is in power ) , and since the international projects the U.S. government launches sometimes turn out badly , this is a valuable service .
Preble denies that he is an isolationist , and he and his colleagues do strongly favor free trade .
Cato 's approach to foreign policy in fact corresponds to what the scholar Walter Russell Mead has called the Jeffersonian approach , one that the nation 's third president embraced and sought to practice .
Its main belief is that the liberty on behalf of which the American colonists revolted against their British overlords is not only precious but also fragile : military adventures abroad can compromise it at home .
Eighteenth - century Jeffersonians feared a " man on horseback , " a military leader , like Napoleon Bonaparte in France , who would seize political power .
Today 's Jeffersonians have two different concerns about foreign wars and ongoing entanglements in the affairs of other countries .
They fear the creation of a permanent coalition of interests -- what President Dwight Eisenhower called " the military - industrial complex " -- that will distort the nation 's foreign policies .
And they object to spending money for foreign purposes rather than channeling it to social welfare programs in the United States or , as Cato would prefer , leaving it in the hands of U.S. taxpayers .
Some who find post - Cold War U.S. military interventions unwise would subscribe to President Theodore Roosevelt 's admonition to " speak softly and carry a big stick . "
They would , that is , endorse a robust military as long as it is not used very often .
Preble disagrees .
For him , the United States and its armed forces recall Oscar Wilde 's remark that he could " resist everything except temptation . "
Preble considers a large military to be a permanent , irresistible temptation to intervene overseas and therefore favors a smaller one .
The United States should devote considerably fewer resources to defense , he believes , and he deftly illustrates the ways in which defense contractors and military officials manage to fund weapons systems the country does not need .
Preble makes frequent reference to the founders of the American republic , whose definition of a proper foreign policy in many ways matches his own .
Like him , they generally opposed maintaining a large military establishment and the waging of foreign wars .
However , the United States ' foreign policy depends on not only what its eighteenth - century leaders believed but also what the world of the twenty - first century is like , and on the latter subject , Preble has very little to say .
Readers of The Power Problem will find no discussion of North Korea 's nuclear weapons , or the growth of China 's power , or Iran 's regional ambitions , or the spread of Saudi Arabia 's radical Islamist ideology .
Perhaps none of these requires the close and sustained attention of the United States , but Preble makes no serious effort to explain why this is so .
The impression that emerges from the book , by default , is that the author sees the world outside North America as a larger version of Antarctica : alien , uniform , unpromising , and harmless .
THE FRUGAL FUTURE
Whatever the quality of the analysis underlying it , however , Preble 's vision of a more modest U.S. foreign policy , which Matlock and Gallarotti share , is destined to be adopted .
The United States will do less , perhaps much less , beyond its borders in the next two decades than it has in the last two .
This retrenchment will not come about because the views of the founders have gained currency among the wider U.S. public or as the result of the disappointments and failures of recent U.S. military interventions .
The principal cause will be the fiscal condition of the United States .
The country will bear the burden of a huge and growing national debt , from three principal sources : the chronic deficits from 2001 to 2008 , the very high costs of coping with the financial crisis of 2008 and the recession it dramatically deepened , and , most important , the skyrocketing bill for Social Security and Medicare as the baby - boom generation becomes eligible for these entitlements .
The Bush administration , it is worth noting , was directly responsible for the first of these sources , indirectly responsible for the second , and did nothing to reduce the costs of the third .
Under the eyes of eternity , therefore , the greatest damage that the administration will be seen to have inflicted on the United States ' position in the world will come not from the Iraq war , about which so much ink has been spilled ( including in the three books under review ) , but rather from its profligate fiscal policies .
There are four ways to address a deficit : by borrowing , by reducing spending , by raising taxes , and by printing money .
Because the second and the third have proved politically impossible and the fourth would be economically ruinous , the United States has relied on the first .
But it will not always be able to borrow all the money required to fill the gap between the government 's expenditures and its revenues .
At some point , taxes will have to rise and spending will have to fall .
Fewer resources will be available for all other programs , including foreign policy .
In these circumstances , with Americans paying more to the government and receiving fewer benefits from it , popular support for an expansive foreign policy will decline .
The public will insist more strongly than at any time since before World War II on using its dollars for domestic , rather than international , purposes .
It will not permit expensive military interventions leading to state - building exercises , such as those in Afghanistan and Iraq .
It will not support the kind of humanitarian interventions , to rescue people under assault from their own governments , that the Clinton administration undertook in the 1990s in Somalia , Haiti , Bosnia , and Kosovo .
The nation 's growing fiscal burden is also likely to put pressure on its most important international missions -- its military presence , which helps keep the peace , in East Asia , Europe , and the Middle East , places where instability could seriously harm U.S. interests .
The prospect of a reduced U.S. presence around the world does not disturb Matlock , Gallarotti , or Preble .
Each is confident that other countries will step forward to fill any geopolitically perilous vacuum that a more modest U.S. foreign policy creates .
With the passing of what they regard as the wantonly unilateralist Bush administration , all see great potential for more extensive international cooperation .
All believe , that is , that other countries will risk lives and spend money in pursuit of goals they have in common with the United States .
Perhaps eventually they will , but the first year of the presumably kinder , gentler , more multilateral Obama administration yielded little evidence of a willingness on the part of others to share the United States ' global burdens .
If , as Washington pulls back , others do not step forward , the world is all too likely to become both more disorderly and less prosperous .
In that case , the verdict on the state of the world in the year 2030 may differ sharply from the judgment these three books pass on the last 20 years .
Whereas their common theme is the dangers that arise when the United States has too much power , their successors two decades from now will be chronicling the even worse -- perhaps far worse -- consequences of the United States ' having too little of it .
What went wrong in Greece ?
Greece 's economic reforms that led to it abandoning the drachma as its currency in favour of the euro in 2002 made it easier for the country to borrow money .
Greece went on a debt - funded spending spree , including high - profile projects such as the 2004 Athens Olympics , which went well over budget .
It was hit by the downturn , which meant it had to spend more on benefits and received less in taxes .
There were also doubts about the accuracy of its economic statistics .
Greece 's economic problems meant lenders started charging higher interest rates to lend it money and widespread tax evasion also hit the government 's coffers .
There have been demonstrations against the government 's austerity measures to deal with its 300bn euro ( £ 267bn ) debt , such as cuts to public sector pay .
Now the government is having to access a 110bn euro ( £ 95bn ; $ 146.2 bn ) bail - out package from the European Union and International Monetary Fund .
Greece 's problems have made investors nervous , which has made it more expensive for other European countries such as Portugal to borrow money .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT Global stock markets tumbled after Greece 's debt was downgraded to " junk " by rating agency Standard & Poor 's over concerns that the country may default .
It makes the struggling nation the first eurozone member to have its debt downgraded to junk level .
Portugal 's debt was also lowered on fears of " contagion " , adding to the markets ' rout and a fall in the euro .
Germany immediately said it would not " let Greece fall " , and there were signs that an aid package could be increased .
Greece wants 40bn euros ( £ 34bn ) from eurozone governments and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) to shore up its finances .
But there are fears it will not meet conditions needed to access the funds it needs to make looming debt repayments .
Doubts intensify
When ratings agencies downgrade the country 's credit rating - it means they think it is now a riskier place to invest .
If it reaches junk status , a country loses its investment grade status .
Some financial institutions have rules prohibiting them from investing in " junk " bonds .
Greece 's 2 - year government bond yield surged to almost 15 % on Tuesday , making it highly expensive for the country to borrow from the debt market .
Greek 5 - year yields hit 10.6 % , higher than many emerging market economies , including Ecuador at 10.5 % and Ukraine at 7.1 % .
The 2 - year Portuguese bond yield jumped to 5.23 % from 4.16 % .
S&P said it was lowering its rating on Greece 's debt to BB + from BBB - .
It also reducing Portugal 's debt rating by two notches to A- as doubts intensified about countries with substantial debt relative to GDP .
We now have to realise and implement the rescue plan
Wolfgang Schaeuble
Germany 's Finance Minister
Read your comments
Greece 's finance ministry said in a statement that the downgrade " does not correspond with the real data of the Greek economy . "
Portugal 's finance minister , Fernando Teixeira dos Santos , also hit back , denouncing an " attack from the markets " .
In a statement he described the downgrade and reaction from the markets as " a decisive moment " .
" We must remain calm and bring serenity back to the markets , " he said .
" As in the past , we will do what is necessary to reduce the deficit and promote the competitiveness of the Portuguese economy . "
News of the downgrades rocked markets in Europe and the US .
In London , the FTSE 100 index closed down 2.6 % with most of the losses following S&P 's downgrade of Greece .
Germany 's Dax index slid 2.7 % and the French Cac - 40 lost 3.8 % .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones index closed down 213 points , or 2 % at 10,991 .
Meanwhile shares in Greek banks slumped by more than 9 % , the largest one - day fall in bank shares for 18 months .
' Prohibitive ' rates Despite earlier hesitation , German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday pledged German support to a European financial aid package for Greece , provided " certain conditions " were met .
Germany could provide Greece with up to 8.4bn euros in loans this year .
But German public opinion is deeply opposed to the bailout .
In an interview to be published on Wednesday in the business newspaper Handelsblatt , Germany 's finance minister says his country will not abandon Greece .
Wolfgang Schaeuble said : " We now have to realise and implement the rescue plan ... and thus send a clear signal that we will not let Greece fall .
" We are putting on pressure for quick decisions , " he said .
The unpopularity of austerity measures is worrying markets Meanwhile , the Financial Times reported that the International Monetary Fund is considering raising its contribution to the bail - out by 10bn euros to 25bn euros .
Greece needs to raise 9bn euros by 19 May , but has said it cannot go to the markets because of " prohibitive " interest rates .
The Greek government 's cost of borrowing on the money markets has reached record levels in recent days amid investor concern over whether a 40bn euro bail - out package will be agreed .
Eurozone countries , together with the International Monetary Fund , have yet to agree details of the package .
Investors are also concerned that the Greek government 's austerity measures - designed to cut domestic spending and reduce its ballooning budget deficit - will prove highly unpopular with the Greek public .
S&P warned holders of Greek debt that they only had an " average chance " of between 30 % and 50 % of getting their money back in the event of a debt restructuring or default .
It said its action to cut the rating resulted from its " updated assessment of the political , economic and budgetary challenges that the Greek government faces in its efforts to put the public debt burden onto a sustained downward trajectory " .
The agency added Greece 's weak long - term growth prospects made it less credit - worthy .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Anderson Cooper plays the " all sides are equal " game to explain this latest bit of crazy to come out of the RNC and I 'm sorry Anderson , but Democrats do not act this badly as well and you cannot fairly compare what groups outside of the Democratic Party did on their own to anything that has come out of the DNC .
When MoveOn just had one contribution with a Hitler reference that was n't even chosen for their ad campaign , conservatives were going crazy and insisting Democrats denounce it and the same happened with their ad about Petraeus .
If the DNC EVER did something like this we'd have been hearing breathless denouncements from both the Republicans and the Village press for months .
But when the RNC puts a Joker face on Obama and goes after Pelosi and Reid with similarly juvenile attacks , oh that 's just politics as usual .
Everyone does it .
The double standard is well past getting old , but the media will never dare to call Republicans out for acting like petulant children , Anderson Cooper just being one more example here .
As always , I remind you that this site is not investment advice -- it is merely the freely - offered ramblings of an amateur observer .
Please read the HUGE GIANT BIG FAT DISCLAIMER below for more .
Governments everywhere are borrowing trillions of dollars every year to backfill their plunging private demand and borrowing .
Governments that can print their own currency with one hand and buy their debt offered by the other hand ( i.e. the U.S. ) have managed to keep rates down by this slight - of - hand , and the U.S. has benefited from " flight to relative safety " and the need of our trading partners to park their excess dollars in a liquid market such as U.S. Treasuries .
All this pushed yields on the 10 - year Treasury bond to historic lows in December 2008 ; since then , the TNX ( CBOE 10 - year Yield Index ) has almost doubled from about $ 20 to around $ 40 .
Let 's look at some charts for context .
Here is an oldie but a goodie which shows the massive Chinese purchases which helped keep yields low in the 2003 - 2007 era :
Here is another chart of the 1958 - 2007 period , overlaid with the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) .
The global financial crisis is not shown ( 2007 - 2009 ) but this chart reveals the basic correlation of rising bond yields and flat - to - falling stock valuations .
Note how the DJIA took off in earnest once bond yields reversed and started falling in 1983 .
In case you have any doubts about how stocks fared in the 1969 - 1981 era of rising bond yields , take a look :
Note how inflation destroyed 2/3 of the value of the stock market between 1965 and 1981 .
Dow 1,000 in 1981 was not a return to the purchasing power of Dow 1,000 in 1965 ; the market had effectively lost 2/3 of its value .
Buy and hold was a catastrophe for 16 long years .
OK , that was an inflationary era ; what if this is a deflationary Bear era ?
Then we can look to the 1929 - 1946 period for guidance ; the DJIA was still about half of its 1929 peak 17 years later in 1946 .
Stocks did n't do that well in a deflationary era , either .
One way to contextualize any market is to ask : if I was managing ( say ) $ 600 million for a family that simply wanted to retain the purchasing power of their holdings , what would I do ?
One clue is to look at what insiders are doing in the stock market rally : they are selling massively : Insider Selling Hits New 2010 High .
How about long - term Treasury bonds ?
It 's not much of a secret that the 29 - year bond market rally has ended : In Case You Missed It : Charts Show Bond Rally Is Over .
" There have been only three reversals into rising rate cycles in the last 200 years ; we are in the fourth , " said Louise Yamada , the former chief technical analyst at Citigroup Inc. who now runs Louise Yamada Technical Research Advisors LLC in New York .
Yamada , who started as a technical analyst at Smith Barney in 1980 and was top ranked in Institutional Investor magazine 's annual survey from 2001 through 2004 , says that while previous bull markets in U.S. bonds ranged from 26 to 37 years , the most recent one was the biggest .
Investors who bought Treasuries in 1981 reaped almost twice the returns as those who bet on the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .
Non-wealthy folks are always seeking to increase their wealth via speculations , while the super - wealthy are mostly seeking to preserve the stupendous purchasing power and wealth they already have .
And since as I have noted here many times recently , 43 % of the financial wealth of the nation is held by the top 1 % and 72 % by the top 5 % ( The Contrarian Trade of the Decade : the U.S. Dollar March 22 , 2010 ) then we can safely predict that what the super - wealthy decide to do will move the markets .
We should be mindful of this difference in perspective between the average financial pundit , small - time money manager , newsletter writer , financial blogger and MSM financial commentator and those who own the nation 's financial wealth .
To summarize : in inflationary eras , stocks lose 2/3 of their value .
Yes , yes , if you 're fleet of foot and nimble and a brilliant trader , then you might be able to overcome this gargantuan wealth destruction by going long and short and leveraging your bets at just the right moments .
But if you control $ 600 million , the problem is much simpler -- just keep whatever purchasing power you already own .
Yes , gold is one potential avenue , but liquidity and other basic money - management issues such as diversification suggest that some of the super - wealthy funds would be happy to just earn a modest inflation - adjusted return .
The thing to avoid , for small - fry like myself and the super - rich alike , is wealth destruction on the massive scale of 2000 - 2002 , 2008 - 2009 , 1929 - 1932 or 1969 - 1981 .
So a modest " real " return is more than adequate for the super - wealthy .
Put together a generational trend of rising rates , demographic insolvency , population / resource imbalances , costly oil / energy and what do you get if you 're trying to protect $ 600 millon ?
Short - term Treasuries .
Yes , sovereign default of the U.S. is possible , but as Keynesians are ever - delighted to note , the U.S. can print its own currency .
If that eventually results in inflation ( something I do n't consider likely due to the sheer size of assets losses -- Deleveraging and the Futility of " Printing Money " April 2 , 2010 ) -- then the short - term T - bills will have to offer some real return lest they attract no buyers .
So the " smart money " will exit risk - laden , low - return equities and long - term bonds entirely for the safety of the short - term Treasury market .
If we are in a deflationary era , then short - term T - bills will still offer wealth preservation , as prices will fall , driving the real ( purchasing power ) yield higher than the nominal yield .
If this is so , then we can expect the stock market to slowly drop to a mere shadow of its current euphoric self and the long bond to be destroyed as rates rise .
By the time the financial punditry has caught on , the smart money will have already exited equities and long bonds .
It 's called distribution , and it's what we 're seeing now in the stock market .
I am indebted to frequent contributors B.C. ( Imperial Economics ) and Harun I. for their insights into these matters .
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Thank you , Cool Not Evil ( $ 33.33 ) , for your very much appreciated donation ( in response to my 2/21 rant ) to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Cheryl A. ( $ 100 ) , for your longstanding and truly amazing generosity ( in response to my 2/21 rant ) to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
In the latest scandal to hit the Fort Worth police department , an officer was arrested Wednesday after he was caught on - duty with marijuana , police said .
Officer Wesley Lamb faced charges of drug possession and tampering with evidence , police said .
Police said the investigation was the result of a tip from an unidentified person who reported witnessing Lamb smoke mariijuana in uniform , in his patrol car , while on duty .
Undercover officers assigned to a special internal affairs investigative unit then set up a sting operation , police said .
An undercover officer posed as a citizen who wanted to turn in 86 grams of marijuana that he found to police .
Lamb did not report the incident or bring the drugs to the property room , police said .
Instead , investigators followed Lamb to his house where he moved the marijuana to his personal vehicle , police said .
Investigators later executed a search warrant on his car and house and recovered the drugs , police said .
Lamb is free on $ 7,500 bond .
Jail records showed no attorney .
Lamb , 34 , joined the department in 2002 .
Police Chief Jeff Halstead announced the charge and resignation of Officer Lamb at a Wednesday news conference .
Halstead also said he 'll reorganize the department to increase field supervision of officers .
" I'm ashamed , " said police chief Jeffrey Halstead .
" This will not be tolerated . "
The arrest follows a string of embarrassing incidents for the department in recent months .
On Friday , off - duty officer Michael Buchanan crashed his pickup into a house in south Fort Worth , knocking a couple out of bed .
He was arrested on charges of intoxication assault , and police said his blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit .
Off - duty officer Jesus Cisneros was charged with intoxication manslaughter after his city - owned SUV slammed into a car driven by Sonia Baker on Dec. 11 .
The mother of two was killed .
Police said Cisneros , a narcotics officer , was drunk and had just left a bar , where as many as 20 other officers were celebrating a birthday .
Cisneros later resigned .
At least six traffic officers are under FBI investigation , suspected of falsifying information on tickets to collect overtime they did not work .
Ed Adcock , a former vice officer , was indicted in August on bribery charges .
Prosecutors accuse him of tipping off operators of 8 - liner gaming parlors about a secret police raid in 2008 .
In June , Fort Worth police made national headlines in the controversial raid of a gay bar .
After a long investigation , Halstead admitted the officers used poor judgement and violated policies .
Several officers received short suspensions .
Last year , the Tarrant County medical examiner ruled a mentally ill man 's death was a homicide after an officer used a Taser for 54 seconds to subdue him .
After hearing evidence in the case , a Tarrant County grand jury declined to indict the officer , and the department cleared her of any wrongdoing .
Fort Worth Mayor Mike Moncrief released a statement Wednesday after Lamb 's arrest :
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts Harvests of staple crops more than doubled in the years from 1961 to 1985 .
Global grain harvests increased by 160 % .
People in the Third World enjoyed a calorie increase of 25 % .
The GDP of the Third World increased by 15 % from 1960 to 2000 .
The world will need a Second Green Revolution with a 70 % increase in food production by 2050 .
The Green Revolution began in Mexico in 1950 .
From Mexico , it spread to the rest of Latin America .
The Philippines founded the International Rice Research Institute ( IRRI ) in 1960 .
The IRRI produced the high - yield IR8 ‘ miracle rice ’ breed in 1968 .
Miracle rice increased Philippine rice harvests from 3.7 to 7.7 million tons in only 20 years .
India joined the Green Revolution after a famine in 1961 .
The revolution would spread across Asia from India and the Philippines .
The Green Revolution struggled in Africa because of corruption , poor infrastructure , and instability .
Guinea is one of the few countries where the revolution would succeed in Africa .
Malawi launched the Agricultural Input Subsidy Program in 2005 .
The US Agency for Aid and Development first used the ‘ Green Revolution ’ in 1968 .
Genetic engineering under study as part of a potential Second Green Revolution .
Urban agriculture is also under study in pursuit of increased , long - term food production .
Bill Gates is one of the biggest supporters of a Second Green Revolution .
Critics argue solving social inequality as an alternative to a Second Green Revolution .
Table of Contents 01 The Green Revolution was the modernization of farming that started in the 1950s .
02 Science and technology were key to the Green Revolution .
03 Norman Borlaug is known as the Father of the Green Revolution .
04 High - Yielding Variety ( HYV ) crops offer more than bigger harvests .
05 The Green Revolution has affected the world ’s biodiversity .
06 Carbon emissions have increased because of the Green Revolution .
07
The use of chemical fertilizers is affecting the planet ’s air and water .
08 The Green Revolution may have affected human health .
09 The breeding of HYV crops focused on cereal and staple crops .
10 The Green Revolution was a factor in the Cold War .
The Green Revolution was the modernization of farming that started in the 1950s .
The Green Revolution refers to measures introduced worldwide from the 1950s onward .
These had the goal of increasing harvests and ending large - scale hunger .
Despite a few failures in areas such as Africa , the revolution succeeded .
A major achievement was enough food available when Earth ’s population passed 3 billion people in 1973 .
Science and technology were key to the Green Revolution .
The measures of the revolution heavily - depended on science and technology to succeed .
The first of them was the adoption of High - Yielding Variety ( HYV ) crops .
Another measure is the large - scale use of chemical fertilizers , pesticides , and herbicides .
Other measures include machines to help on farms and strict control of water supplies .
These ensured a bigger harvest than before for the same number of crops grown .
Norman Borlaug is known as the Father of the Green Revolution .
Norman Borlaug was an American agronomist and Nobel Prize winner .
In the 1950s , he led the team that started the revolution in Mexico .
He moved to India in the 1960s and continued his work despite the war with Pakistan in 1965 .
He worked in Africa from 1984 through the 1990s and met with mixed success .
In the 2000s , he argued for the need for a Second Green Revolution by 2050 .
He died in 2009 and was afterward honored by the UN and the Indian government .
Read also : More Amazing Technology Facts
High - Yielding Variety ( HYV ) crops offer more than bigger harvests .
Bigger harvests compared to other crops is only the obvious benefit of HYV crops .
Another benefit is the shorter length of their stems .
This is why they are sometimes called ‘ dwarf ’ varieties of wheat , rice , and other crops .
This makes them more resistant to bad weather , grows quicker , and easier to harvest .
HYV crops are also more resistant to disease and have higher nutritional values .
The Green Revolution has affected the world ’s biodiversity .
A consequence of the revolution was a massive drop in the world ’s biodiversity .
This resulted from the growth of only a few breeds of crop in farms worldwide .
Another factor is the use of pesticides to protect crops from insects .
This has resulted in a large drop in global insect populations .
It has also resulted in the extinction of many insect species .
Carbon emissions have increased because of the Green Revolution .
This might sound crazy , as how could growing plants cause carbon dioxide in the air to grow ?
Well , the use of machines to help in farming is an important part of the revolution .
Many of those machines like trucks and tractors burn gasoline or diesel fuel .
The burning of said fuel produces carbon dioxide , thus increasing carbon emissions .
The use of chemical fertilizers is affecting the planet ’s air and water .
Chemical fertilizers are another important part of the Green Revolution .
They have increased harvests to fight hunger , but they have also affected the environment .
Making chemical fertilizers produces nitrogen oxide , which can cause acid rain .
Adding chemical fertilizer to the soil also lets nitrates leak into the water supply .
Over time this builds up and poisons local plant and animal life .
The Green Revolution may have affected human health .
The pesticides used to protect crops from plants could affect human health .
Traces of the chemicals that make up the pesticides could remain in crops after harvest .
These enter the body after getting eaten and build up over time .
The study is ongoing , but there is some evidence that they may cause cancer .
The breeding of HYV crops focused on cereal and staple crops .
The HYV crops of the Green Revolution were breeds of staples like wheat , rice , corn , and soybeans .
Historically - speaking , the GMO vegetables of today are not part of the revolution .
Instead , they are part of or the leadup to the Second Green Revolution .
Read also : 100 Internet Facts You Can Totally Relate To
Google has created a Web application full of exploitable bugs to help webmasters better understand the most common type of Web attacks and learn how to prevent them .
Codenamed Jarlsberg , the project is part of the Google Code University 's " Web Application Exploits and Defenses " codelab .
The Jarlsberg application , named after the eponymous cheese brand famous for its holes , is vulnerable to several types of cross - site attack conditions , including cross-site scripting ( XSS ) , cross - site request forgery ( XSRF ) and cross -site script inclusion ( XSSI ) .
The are also bugs that facilitate client - state manipulation , path traversal , information disclosure , denial of service or remote code execution .
" Jarlsberg was written specifically to teach about security .
More specifically , it is a tool to show how to exploit web applications and , in turn , protect against those exploits when developing software . [… ]
The codelab walks participants through a number of common web application vulnerability types and demonstrates how an attacker could exploit such vulnerabilities , " explains Bruce Leban , one of the three people behind the project and a member of Google 's Software Engineering Team .
The laboratory is structured in five parts and users can attend it by accessing http://jarlsberg.appspot.com and completing the tasks described on every page .
This can also be used as a training tool for development teams inside companies .
For such scenarios , an instructor 's guide ( PDF ) proposing various practical exercises is also available .
The Jarlsberg code is available under a Creative Commons License , while the instances being attacked during the course run within their own sandbox and can easily be reset to their initial state if something gets seriously broken .
According to Leban , the whole project is guided by the maxim " given enough eyeballs , all bugs are shallow , " however , some people could argue that providing free hacking lessons to virtually anyone might not be a great idea , especially given how widespread these types of vulnerabilities are on the Web .
Nevertheless ,
Google is not the first to think of such a practical teaching tool .
The Open Web Application Security Project ( OWASP ) develops a similar insecure Web application dubbed WebGoat .
The application contains a variety of lessons and is coded in Java , making it cross-platform .
Compared to Jarlsberg , WebGoat is a mature project and includes information on a wider array of vulnerabilities , including various types of SQL injection .
Sarajevo designer Tea Petrovic has designed a collection of shoes based on the work of late Russian sculptor Naum Gabo and Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava .
The collection includes ten different prototypes created while Petrovic was studying at the Academy of Fine Arts in Sarajevo .
Petrovic aimed to exploit the space between the sole , heel and floor .
The text below is from the designer :
My name is Tea Petrovic , a graduated student of the Academy of Fine Arts in Sarajevo , Bosnia & Herzegovina .
I have created a shoe collection , as my graduating project , that is centered around the idea that each shoe is an sculptural - architectural structured form .
The collection contains ten prototypes entirely handmade .
Each model is an experiment with the high heel , because they determine the whole form of a shoe .
The heels are columns , constructive elements on which the whole creative process is based with an aim to create a new concept of high heels .
Bernard Figueroa once said : " There is so much space between a woman 's heel and the floor that one can use . " , and that is exactly what I tried to accomplish using this space as much as possible .
These shoes are primarily an art object and their function is secondary .
The focus is on the form , their only decorative element .
Design is based on the exploration of new high heel shapes , resulting in numerous variations of their basic form .
The heel shapes are created by multiplying , intercepting and rotating 2D surfaces in order to achieve a 3D figure .
As a result there are three groups each representing a different approach to unique design forms .
The first group - linear constructions - is inspired by Naum Gabo and they represent the idea of levity , transparency and complex structure .
Architectural shoe - the second group refers to the constructions and architecture of Santiago Calatrava with an accent on detail .
These high heels are sculptural figures which dominate and determine the form of a shoe .
The final group of the collection - wings / variations - are steered around the tendency for natural , organic shapes , compact forms and distinct sculptural and architectural details .
The whole concept is based on monocoque form .
To underline their sculptural form , the shoes are kept white , which on the other hand emphasis the artistic language , present in the entire collection .
During Harry S Truman ’s years as President of the United States , from 1945 to 1954 , he was known as a feisty politician .
It earned him the nickname “ Give ‘em Hell Harry . ”
That nickname emerged during his 1948 campaign as the Democratic presidential nominee , when supporters began yelling “ Give ‘ em Hell , Harry ! ” at his campaign events .
It was further cemented by two of Truman ’s legendary quotes from that campaign .
He told Alben Barkley , his Vice Presidential running mate : “ I ’m going to fight hard … I ’m going to give them hell . ”
Referring to the Republican - dominated Congress ( which he memorably dubbed the “ Do Nothing Congress ” ) to and Thomas E. Dewey , his Republican opponent in the 1948 election , Truman purportedly said : “ I do n’t give them hell .
I tell the truth and they think it ’s hell . ”
Some people today think of Truman as being more of a “ statesman ” than recent crops of politicians , in the sense of somehow being more above rough - and - tumble political maneuvering and clashes .
Given the craziness of the 2016 presidential campaign , it ’s not hard to believe .
However , I suspect that if Truman were still alive and someone asked him about the difference between a politician and a statesman , he would recycle the famous definition he gave in a speech on April 11 , 1958 .
Speaking that day to the Reciprocity Club in Washington , D.C. , the then - retired president said : “ A statesman is a politician who ’s been dead ten or fifteen years . ”
It ’s a funny line .
But when you know the context , you find that Truman was making a serious point about the pragmatic business of being an effective politician and running a government .
Here ’s the full quote , as recorded in the April 12 , 1958 edition of The New York World Telegram & Sun :
“ I ’m proud that I ’m a politician .
A politician is a man who understands government , and it takes a politician to run a government .
A statesman is a politician who 's been dead ten or fifteen years . ”
Truman ’s remark was a take - off on an earlier famous quotation by another politician ,
Thomas Brackett Reed
.
Reed was a Congressman from Maine who served as Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1889 to 1891 and again from 1895 to 1899 .
In 1892 , he received a letter from a citizen who asked him : “ What is a statesman ? ”
Reed replied : “ A statesman is a successful politician who is dead . ”
This is now sometimes quoted without the word “ successful . ”
The longer version is used by the earlier and more scholarly sources that cite it .
In March of 1892 , news reports about Reed ’s definition of a statesman prompted a response by a Boston man , who sent him a snide telegram that said : “ Why do n’t you die and become a statesman ? ”
Reed sent back a telegram that quoted a proverbial saying about fame .
“ Not yet , ” he replied .
“ Fame is the last infirmity of noble minds . ”
By the way , there ’s another famous quote by Harry Truman that ’s linked to the date April 11 .
On April 11 , 1951 , Truman announced his decision to fire General Douglas MacArthur as commander of U.S. forces in Korea , after MacArthur publicly disagreed with Truman ’s policy of limiting the expansion of the Korean War .
More than two decades later , when biographer Merle Miller was interviewing Truman for the book Plain Speaking : An Oral Biography of Harry S. Truman ( 1974 ) , Miller asked the former president to talk about his rationale for firing MacArthur .
Truman ’s blunt and salty answer became a famous quote when the book was published .
He told Miller :
“ I fired him because he would n’t respect the authority of the President … I did n’t fire him because he was a dumb son of a bitch , although he was , but that ’s not against the laws for generals .
If it was , half to three - quarters of them would be in jail . ”
To read more background on that Truman quote , see my post about it at this link .
For more on quotes about the difference between a statesman and a politician , see this post by word maven Barry Popik on his “ Big Apple ” website .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Questions ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
I bet it smells like hell up there now
WOO ! ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:34 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:34 ,
this is exactly how it is
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:36 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:36 ,
Ahahaha , this is how reality should work .
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:38 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:38 ,
I 'm sure you could convice someone in Texas that this is the case .
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:43 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:43 ,
someone in Texas Sarah Palin ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:02 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:02 ,
someone in Texas Sarah Palin Everyone in North America .. ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 3:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 3:23 ,
AWWW HELL YEAH !!!
penguin fillets on the bottom shelf !!
WIN ! ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:48 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:48 ,
It 's like Narnia !
Only with less annoying children .
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:53 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 21:53 ,
'... the warm interior of a British kitchen ...'
Is that why it 's melting ?
All this ' global warming ' hype is actually a sophisticated cover - up engineered by Hoover and Siemens ?? :)
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:08 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:08 ,
Hahaha brilliant .
I think do n't think enough people are aware of how strongly this is effecting the global climate .
Lets hold an event .
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:20 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:20 ,
yes , yes , yes .
* clickety click * ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:20 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:20 ,
Haha:D
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:40 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 22:40 ,
I did wonder where these little blighters came from ...
oo that reminds me , I got some FAB lollies in the freezer they do seem quite at home but they wo n't let me near the ice cubesoo that reminds me , I got some FAB lollies in the freezer archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:05 ,
Aw , that 's lovely !
why do n't I have tiny penguins in my freezer ?
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:46 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:46 ,
I 've got some really great lollies in my freezer as well .
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 1:23 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 1:23 ,
Peguins .
South Pole ,
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:10 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:10 ,
100 % this ^
I was convinced it was real until I saw the penguin .
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:24 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:24 ,
Haahaha !
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:15 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:15 ,
it all makes sense !
does this mean I should get a new refrigerator that displaces with the South Pole , since the one I have will probably stop working soon ?
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:35 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:35 ,
THIS IS STUPID AND YOUR STUPID FOR THINKING IT
( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:40 , archived ) ( , Sun 16 May 2010 , 23:40 ,
Calling someone stupid whilst making basic spelling errors -
stupid . ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:25 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:25 ,
If it 's a prism of the north pole , why , pray tell , is there a penguin ?
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 1:19 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 1:19 ,
They dump the fridges in the South Pole .
One must have got inside .
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:25 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:25 ,
Ooooh !
Well , fair enough then !
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 20:58 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 20:58 ,
This is actually more beleivable than the other global warming theories .
So if I boil more kettles will that cool down the north and south poles ?
Presuming kettles work on the same principle .
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:18 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 10:18 ,
No .
That will cool down the equator .
Trufax .
( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 12:10 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 12:10 ,
Great Stuff
One of my favourites of yours I think * click * ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 13:55 , archived ) ( , Mon 17 May 2010 , 13:55 ,
Just noticed the Tardis light on the top
Very good !
( , Tue 18 May 2010 , 23:13 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 May 2010 , 23:13 ,
The Russian government continues to portray itself as democratic - even though critics say its elections are carefully stage - managed , opposition is barely tolerated and the media is almost fully controlled .
Political leaders point to the parliament or Duma as evidence of democracy in action .
But now they will have to think again .
In a rare moment of revelation - a television camera crew has managed to film what really happens inside the parliament when it is time to vote on the burning issues of the day .
Richard Galpin reports .
The archaeologists have speculated that the indigenous , pre-Roman nobility may have developed a taste for Greek fashion and that enterprising local builders came up with the idea of relatively cheap , DIY buildings to satisfy local demand .
This is the page in loving memory of Leonid Afremov .
Official Shop : https://afremov.com
Biography : Leonid Afremov was born in the family of a shoe designer and a metal plant engineer on July 12th , 1955 , in Vitebsk , Belarus , and was raised in Jewish traditions despite antisemitistic governmental practices .
At school , Afremov showed himself as an intelligent and gifted student and developed great interest in history and art .
Aside from attending all possible school classes , he also took private lessons from established local artists , including Barowski .
Leonid graduated ...
Emotions such as empathy and disgust might be at the root of morality , but psychologists should also study the roles of deliberation and debate in how our opinions shift over time , argues Paul Bloom .
Where does morality come from ?
The modern consensus on this question lies close to the position laid out by the eighteenth - century Scottish philosopher David Hume .
He thought moral reason to be “ the slave of the passions ” .
Hume 's view is supported by studies that suggest that our judgements of good and evil are influenced by emotional reactions such as empathy and disgust .
And it fits nicely with the discovery that a rudimentary moral sense is universal and emerges early .
Babies as young as six months judge individuals on the way that they treat others and even one - year - olds engage in spontaneous altruism .
All this leaves little room for rational deliberation in shaping our moral outlook .
Indeed , many psychologists think that the reasoned arguments we make about why we have certain beliefs are mostly post - hoc justifications for gut reactions .
As the social psychologist Jonathan Haidt puts it , although we like to think of ourselves as judges , reasoning through cases according to deeply held principles , in reality we are more like lawyers , making arguments for positions that have already been established .
This implies we have little conscious control over our sense of right and wrong .
Credit : MATTHERRING.COM
I predict that this theory of morality will be proved wrong in its wholesale rejection of reason .
Emotional responses alone cannot explain one of the most interesting aspects of human nature : that morals evolve .
The extent of the average person 's sympathies has grown substantially and continues to do so .
Contemporary readers of Nature , for example , have different beliefs about the rights of women , racial minorities and homosexuals compared with readers in the late 1800s , and different intuitions about the morality of practices such as slavery , child labour and the abuse of animals for public entertainment .
Rational deliberation and debate have played a large part in this development .
Emotional and non-rational processes are plainly relevant to moral change .
Indeed , one of the main drivers of moral change is human contact .
When we associate with other people and share common goals , we extend to them our affection .
Increases in travel and access to information as well as political and economic interdependence mean that we associate with many more people than our grandparents and even our parents .
As our social circle widens , so does our ' moral circle ' .
But this ' contact hypothesis ' explanation is limited .
It does n't explain the shifts in opinions on issues such as slavery and animal rights .
Contact cannot explain the birth of new moral ideas , such as the immorality of sexism or the value of democracy .
It does n't account for how our moral attitudes can change towards those with whom we never directly associate — for example , why some of us give money and even blood to people with whom we have no contact and little in common .
There have been attempts to explain such long - distance charity through mechanisms such as indirect reciprocity and sexual selection , which suggest that individuals gain reproductive benefit from building a reputation for being good or helpful .
But this begs the question of why such acts are now seen as good when they were not in the past .
What is missing , I believe , is an understanding of the role of deliberate persuasion .
Language is an effective tool for motivating sympathy towards others .
For example , Harriet Beecher Stowe 's 1852 novel Uncle Tom's Cabin helped to end slavery in the United States , and descriptions of animal suffering in Peter Singer 's Animal Liberation ( 1975 ) and elsewhere have been powerful catalysts for the animal - rights movement .
Stories can be morally corrosive too : if we are encouraged to imagine people doing things that anger or disgust us , we are quick to evict them from our moral circle .
Examples of this are all too familiar , such as Adolf Hitler 's propaganda against the Jews in Nazi Germany , or the negative depictions of homosexuals put out by anti-gay campaigners in many countries today .
Stories emerge because people arrive at certain views and strive to convey them to others .
It is this generative capacity that contemporary psychologists have typically ignored .
Moral psychology in particular focuses nearly exclusively on studies in which volunteers are exposed to artificial moral dilemmas that have been thought up by other people , such as situations in which one must choose whether to kill one person to save five .
Everyday dilemmas
Proponents of the view that we are prisoners of our emotions might argue that moral deliberation and creativity are rare , perhaps restricted to people who spend their lives thinking about these issues , such as theologians and philosophers .
Yet most people are regularly forced to ponder dilemmas such as the proper balance of work and family .
Even though few of us write novels or produce films , humans are natural storytellers , and use narrative to influence others , particularly their own children .
It would be a mistake as scientists — and as politically and socially engaged citizens — to dismiss the importance of this reflective process in shaping our morality and , consequently , the world in which we live .
Research might focus more on how children and adults deal with everyday moral problems , looking closely at cases in which their judgements diverge from those of people around them .
Examples of work in this area include the studies by Robert Coles , a child psychiatrist at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , on how black and white children dealt with racial desegregation and forced school integration during the US civil - rights movement , and the ongoing research by the psychologists Karen Hussar and Paul Harris at the Harvard Graduate School of Education on why some children raised in non-vegetarian households choose not to eat meat .
Psychologists have correctly emphasized that moral views make their impact by being translated into emotion .
A complete theory must explain where these views come from in the first place .
Further reading
Coles , R . The moral life of children ( Atlantic Monthly Press , 1986 ) .
Bloom , P. Descartes ' Baby : How the Science of Child Development Explains What Makes Us Human ( Basic Books , 2004 ) .
Haidt , J. Psychol . Rev. 108 , 814–834 ( 2001 ) .
Hamlin , J. K. , Wynn , K. & Bloom , P. Nature 450 , 557–559 ( 2007 ) .
Pinker , S. ‘ A History of Violence ’ The New Republic ( 19 March 2007 ) .
Pizarro , D. & Bloom , P. Psychol . Rev. 110 , 193–196 ( 2003 ) .
Singer , P. The Expanding Circle : Ethics and Sociobiology ( Farrar Strauss Giroux , 1981 ) .
Wright , R. Nonzero : The Logic of Human Destiny ( Vintage , 2001 ) .
Author information Affiliations Paul Bloom is in the Department of Psychology at Yale University , New Haven , Connecticut 06520-8205 , USA .
paul.bloom@yale.edu
Paul Bloom Authors Paul Bloom View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
Campaign Mastery was asked , GM Brian : “ I ’m trying to run a D&D 3.5 Eberron campaign that will mostly be a solo campaign for my friend .
I ’m just looking for tips on how I can run a well balanced solo campaign that can still have a good amount of combat . ”
Johnn ’s Answer :
This is a great question , because not all of us can fill an entire table up with gaming friends .
Some of my best gaming was done with just one friend over the course of five years ( hi Chris , if you ’re reading this ) .
You asked about combat .
There are non-combat challenges and opportunities when GMing a single character , but here are a few tips specifically about GMing fights .
Be generous with healing
Methods I ’ve used are :
Lots of healing potions with treasure .
Cheap healing potions ( due to alliance with a faction ) .
Common mundane healing ( blood honey was a favourite – if the PC could bring back the honey from a certain type of giant wasp , an alchemist would create blood honey for him for free if he could keep half of each batch ) .
Membership to a religious order gave low rates on 1st to 3rd level divine spells .
Cleric NPC tags along .
Healing rods and wondrous items usable by the PC .
I broke the rules on class usage ( we were playing D&D 1E at the time ) but explained it in - game with a story , and it worked out quite well .
Create a cast of companions
I almost always have one or more NPCs accompany solo PCs .
This not only reduces risk of inadvertent PC death , but it gives me an ever - present voice in - game to give feedback , act as a foil , drop clues , and give ideas .
I play to each NPC ’s personality and motives ( sorry about the assassin “ guide ” , that time , Chris , but you did insult the King ) so these characters are not cardboard cutouts there to serve the PC hand and foot .
Companions are often healers , but not always .
A favourite companion type of mine is a barbarian .
Loads of hit points and combat skills to believably save the game if TPK looms , but also great fun when the NPC rages on NPCs and gets the player character in all kinds of trouble .
I play dumb barbarian companions , so the PC does n’t come to rely on the NPC for clues , solutions and things the PC should do for himself .
Example of companions :
Employer .
The NPC is hands - on and wants a piece of the action , or perhaps he just does n’t trust the PCs .
The NPC is hands - on and wants a piece of the action , or perhaps he just does n’t trust the PCs .
Apprentice .
Even non-magic users can attract followers .
The leadership feat in D&D 3.5 especially makes this plausible and accessible .
Even non-magic users can attract followers .
The leadership feat in D&D 3.5 especially makes this plausible and accessible .
Bumbler .
Can aid in combat , but like the raging barbarian , sometimes he seems like more trouble then he ’s worth .
Can aid in combat , but like the raging barbarian , sometimes he seems like more trouble then he ’s worth .
Traitor .
Avoid over -use , else you make the player so paranoid he refuses the company of all future companions .
Avoid over -use , else you make the player so paranoid he refuses the company of all future companions .
Master .
Typically , I just make a mentor two levels or so higher than the PC .
This keeps ability levels close so the NPC does n’t steal the spotlight much .
Typically , I just make a mentor two levels or so higher than the PC .
This keeps ability levels close so the NPC does n’t steal the spotlight much .
Dependant .
Perhaps the PC is a single parent , has a slave or has been assigned to protect an NPC for the duration of several encounters , an adventure , or a whole campaign .
Start with weak foes
Until you master the dynamics of DMing a single PC , create several encounters with foes a lot weaker than the PC .
Commoners are a great way to start out .
So are diseased , venerable or wounded monsters who are low on hit points or do not have a full range of abilities to bring to a fight .
Strike to subdue
Create opponents whose motives are not to kill .
City guards , for example , will just want to bring an unruly citizen back in line and be well - behaved , not put him in the graveyard .
Monstrous foes might want to keep food fresh .
Others might be equipped with non-lethal weapons .
In a thieves guild style campaign I ran for Chris , the rogues mostly used saps .
They always wanted to interrogate beaten foes , plus they were under orders to bring prisoners back to the bosses .
Beaten foes sometimes make the best recruits , or at the latest , are more controllable .
Avoid out - numbering
Even weak foes can bring down solo PCs quick .
Surrounded , a PC ca n’t escape easily ( not without so many attacks of opportunity that the PC is a dead man ) , plus any movement abilities get nerfed , which is n’t fun if it happens often .
Add personality
Get some roleplaying done during battles .
Trade insults , add flair and style to NPC manoeuvres , avoid going toe - to - toe and experiment with grapplers , bull rushers , and other interesting types .
Watch Princess Bride for inspiration .
Get a pet
A pet could be considered a companion , but I wanted to call it out as a special case .
Even if the PC is an arcane caster with a familiar , a pet is a boon .
Pets are cheap .
You can get a nasty fighting dog without much burden .
Pets do n’t speak .
Unless the PC has speak with animals , or you conjure a situation so pet and master can communicate ( 1 hoof means yes , two means no ) , then you wo n’t have to carry on a conversation while managing the other aspects of the game , including other NPC companions .
Pets are disposable .
While a PC can get quite attached to a pet , especially if they start kitting it out , you can often target the animal in combat without much drama .
The more attacks you can spread around instead of focusing on the PC , the longer and healthier life the PC will have .
Get a mount
This gives the PC fast movement , a source of defense ( sounding the alarm , for example ) and a potential ally in combat .
Though it was n’t in a solo PC game , a horse ended up saving an unconscious PC to prevent a TPK .
It was a trained animal , so not too far - fetched .
Play up monster intelligence
This applies to groups with several PCs as well .
Dumb foes will make mistakes in combat .
This adds realism and fun to the game .
Do not consider it a loss of face , poor game mastering , or being easy on the PC .
Roleplay the monster .
Most critters will have natural cunning and basic combat tactics and reactions .
They ’ve survived this long as an individual and as a species .
However , encourage the player to use his PC ’s intelligence and try to trick foes or induce them into making mistakes .
This is where great gaming can take place .
Be generous with equipment
Give the PC more options by offering up generous amounts of mundane and magical equipment .
Not all of it needs to be treasure , if that starts getting repetitive .
You can have the PC befriend merchants , learn of black markets , become a crafter .
A smith or bowyer might help upgrade weapons .
Wizards could be paid to upgrade magic items or enchant items .
Encourage intelligence gathering
A character operating alone should learn quick not to charge headlong into the darkness .
Encourage the PC to do investigation , scouting and intelligence gathering at every opportunity .
Let him discover foe weaknesses .
This does n’t mean he throw kryptonite and the fight is over in one round .
It does n’t create wimpy adversaries , either .
Instead , it gives the PC advantages that he ’ll need to press during the combat .
This closes the gap a little , but there will still be a lot of drama .
For example , a PC might learn about a foe ’s resistance to one particular type of energy .
Or a foe might take the same path to head quarters all the time , giving the character an opportunity to lay a trap or stage an ambush .
Use hirelings
NPCs for hire are often under - utilized by larger groups who do n’t want the complications of more bodies to track and govern .
For the single PC , though , hirelings are a boon .
Be sure to give the character enough cash flow so paying others to help is an option .
Potential hirelings are :
Guards .
Guard home base , camp or valuables .
Guard home base , camp or valuables .
Mercenaries .
The PC leads a band of red shirts into adventure .
The PC leads a band of red shirts into adventure .
Sages .
To help with intel .
To help with intel .
Haulers .
Somebody ’s gotta carry those 10,000 copper pieces back to town .
Somebody ’s gotta carry those 10,000 copper pieces back to town .
Demolitions .
A cook .
True story – the cook saved a TPK during an Ars Magica game , once .
Mike ’s Answer :
Johnn ’s answer does a brilliant job of handling the combat side of solo adventuring , so I thought that I would quickly cover a range of twenty other points to be especially mindful of when it comes to solo games – though some of them can be useful tips for any GM .
Reduced Skill Set
With only one PC , your adventuring “ party ” will generally lack the variety of skill that you would normally expect .
This can be compensated for with a reduction in ability and a more liberal spreading - around of skill points , but that in turn means that the character will be less capable within it ’s niche than would be the case .
To compensate for this , it can be worth considering releasing some “ custom ” magic items into the game that give the posessor extra skill points each character level .
Reduced Resources
The character will generally have reduced resources to draw apon in comparison to the standard party – fewer healing potions , less carrying capacity , less money in general , and so on .
While only the one character will be drawing apon these resources , the rate of reduction in resource availability is greater than this offset factor .
Be more generous with the salting of hoards with potions and other low - level items , and be prepared to be a little more generous in your GM calls than you might otherwise be – holy water might be an effective weapon against undead in a solo campaign where you would rule it less effective or even ineffective in a more typical camapaign , for example .
Restricted Spacial Capability
It ’s a lot easier for a group to be in several places at once .
While a group taking advantage of this ability can be a real pain for the GM , the absence of that capability can really hinder a solo adventurer .
Consider setting up a network of street urchins for hire ( Baker street irregulars ) that you can give the character access to – for a fee – to help get around these difficulties .
Purity Of Allegiance
With multiple characters , the potential exists for individuals to make the acquantance of members of several rival factions .
This provides the group with greater Intelligence ( in the military sense ) than can be achieved by a lone wolf .
Expect the character to know only one side of any given debate within the campaign ; this can often require greater exposition by NPCs to “ fill in the blanks ” .
Reduced Variety Of Ability
Magic , Nimbleness , Healing , Battle Prowess – at least one of these will be shortchanged because the character has access to only one class level per character level .
That generally means that for any given character level , three of these will be reduced relative to the capabilities of the typical party .
This can severly impact the variety of adventures that you offer – you ca n’t have one that focusses on magic and then another on the issue of faith vs religion and then a gladatorial combat and then a jewel heist , because the character simply wo n’t be good at all these things .
It can be tempting to pad the character out with NPC companions to restore some of these imbalances – but doing so can generate as many problems as it solves , as it inevitably moves the campaign closer to duex - ex- machinas and plot trains by taking self - determination away from the character on which the game should be focussed .
There ’s a fine line between NPCs who can support the PC and NPCs who take over 3/4 of the campaign .
Prestige Class assessment
A consequence of that last point is that character requests for a given prestige class should be assessed a little less stringently than would be the case in a normal campaign , especially if it brings a whole new area of expertise into the character ’s grasp .
There are Mage prestige classes that confer clerical magics apon a character , for example ; I tend to discourage the taking of these in a normal campaign , especially if there is already a cleric in the party , so that each character continues to have a unique niche to occupy .
In a solo campaign , I would reverse this policy 180° and even commend the prestige class to the player ’s attention .
Similarly , there are classes that I consider just plain broken , inherantly unbalanced , available on the net and in sourcebooks ; I would be less concerned about these in a solo campaign .
Always keep the bigger picture in mind when assessing these player requests .
Variety not intensity
Another consequence of the reduced variety of intensity and the need to focus on prestige classes that broaden a character ’s horizons is that the character will tend to be less focussed on their primary schtickh than they would be as a member of a party in a typical campaign .
This is worth bearing in mind .
As a rule of thumb , I would assess a cleric in a solo campaign to be effectively two levels down on a cleric of the same class level in an adventuring party .
Magic
Items should be valued on a different scale
Some magic items give broader capabilites to the character , others make them better at one specific thing .
Fighters like Ogre Strength and the like , for example , Rogues like Gloves of Dexterity , and so on .
In a solo campaign , these “ focussed ” items are a little less desireable than items which broaden capabilities .
A Dancing Sword , for example , is far more valuable in a solo campaign ( where it doubles the number of combatants on the PC ’s side ) than it is in a 4 - character party ( a 20 % increase in the number of combatants ) .
Summon spells become far more useful in the solo game .
These are things that should be borne in mind when placing treasures .
Greater scope for experimentation
A solo campaign typically offers both player and GM greater opportunities to experiment , to try things that they would not otherwise consider .
That ’s because the necessary preperation and infrastructure requirements are so much less when you only have one PC to worry about , so there is less time and effort involved , and hence a smaller downside if the experiment goes pear - shaped .
You do n’t necessarily have to experiment if you do n’t want to – but you should be aware of the opportunity , at least .
Puzzles & Mysteries are harder to solve
Quite often , in order to solve a puzzle or mystery , a character will need to bounce ideas off someone else .
Discussion and different perspectives can often yield clues and insights that set the character on the path to unravelling the challenge before them .
In a solo campaign , this “ outside source of ideas ” is absent , and as a result , any puzzle or mystery becomes harder to solve .
The temptations are either to drop hints ( which cheapens the whole experience for the player ) , to have an NPC solve it ( in which case why bother putting it into the game in the first place ? ) or to permit the character to solve it by die roll instead of having the player do so – which is really unsatisfying to all concerned .
The better answer is to take the absence of this resource into consideration when designing the puzzle in the first place – and be prepared to let the character take longer to solve it .
CR rises faster than character level
The temptation is always there to simply crack open the monster manual and create an encounter with the same CR as the character has levels .
Avoid succumbing to this temptation .
One character alone is effectively a party with a CR of 4 less than the character levels ( that ’s how the math works out ) – so the right scale encounter for a character of level 10 is one with an EL of 6 .
That ’s one creature of CR 6 in opposition , or two of CR 4 , or four of CR 2 , or eight of CR 1 .
An encounter with the same EL as a solo character has levels is one where they have a fair chance of being killed – even if they start the fight in pristine condition .
Bear this in mind .
Be more XP - Generous
Another way of restating the last couple of points is that the character has done better than normal when they succeed in dealing with problems appropriate for a party of equivalent level .
You ca n’t even compare apples with apples , because the solo character is required to spread themselves more thinly over a broader range of abilities , as discussed earlier .
In a solo campaign , I would increase the XP rewards given out for success by 10 % , 20 % , or even 25 % .
Assumptions and mistakes
This is a similar point to that made regarding mysteries and puzzles .
Because the solo character has no -one to challenge his assumptions ( other than the GM ) , assumptions and mistakes of logic are more likely to be regarded as certainties .
That means that the character will make mistakes more often in a solo campaign .
Cut the player some slack .
Faster Pacing
With every extra player in a group , the number of interactions between members of the group incease exponentially , while the amount of attention the GM can give to any one player or PC is reduced .
The number of combinations taken 2 at a time is the math of the interaction , but in practical terms it means that the fewer the players , the faster the pacing will inevitably be in the campaign .
There ’s less discussion of plans and alternatives ( no - one to discuss them with ) , there ’s less side - chatter ( ditto ) and the GM is exclusively dedicated to the one player and his character .
Expect the game to run at between five and ten times the pace that would be normal , on average .
Sometimes it will be even more , sometimes less .
One solo game that I ran disposed of three MONTHS of game - time activities in a single afternoon , when the regular campaign ( four players ) would have trouble getting through three DAYS of game time in a similar real - time window – a 30 - to - 1 pacing increase .
You should prepare accordingly – you will need more material ready to go .
( As a rule of thumb , each additional player halves the rate of progress of a campaign , or more – which gives a figure of 8 times faster pacing ) .
Greater Focus
An additional consequence is that there is much greater focus on the desires , ambitions , and actions of the one PC .
The campaign will focus more on the playing style of that lone player , and of the GM – both good and bad will be amplified by this greater focus .
In effect , both will be put under the microscope .
Be prepared for this effect , and check your egos at the door .
Greater Flexibility
It ’s not all downside .
The campaign can have far greater flexibility , changing directions more quickly ; each additional player also brings the plot equivalent of inertia to the campaign , because they all need to get their share of the attention .
With no need to compromise , the campaign can change gears far more quickly .
In addition , the more intimate association can often permit the participants to explore themes and social areas that they would be uncomfortable discussing in a more public forum .
If your usual games are PG - 13 , do n’t be surprised if you discover the solo campaign treading R- rated territory .
Take more frequent breaks
A more frantic pace , at a higher level of intensity – by now , this hint should be pretty self - evident .
Because there ’s a lower stress level involved , I would suggest breaking twice as frequently as you would with a four - player group , just to give you time to catch your breath and clear your head .
More can be hand - waved
Because there are fewer PCs to interact with the world , you will find that more can be hand - waved than is the case in the typical campaign .
This is another of the factors that leads to faster pacing described previously .
More frequently than usual , you will find yourself skipping straight from announcement of action to execution , where in a typical campaign there might have been side encounters and discussions and other plot threads to deal with .
Tactics will change
This is just about the only specifically combat - oriented tip that I ’m including , but the principle also applies more generally .
Because the character will more frequently be outnumbered , certain tactics become inaccessable to the character and more routine for the opposition to employ .
And because there is no - one else to sit in moral judgement of the player , the temptation to employ more … dubious … tactics is ever - present .
In a nutshell , as stated under the “ Greater Flexibility ” heading , approaches that would not normally be considered reasonable will be employed more frequently , even if the PC is a “ good guy ” .
Be prepared for more left - field and / or morally ambiguous approaches to problems , and the accompanying need to think more quickly on your feet in response .
Less need to compromise
The last is an outgrowth of something that I discussed in part 2 of my series on “ The Pursuit Of Perfection ” : the more players there are in a campaign , the more it needs to compromise in the direction of a common denomenator .
With just one player , there will never be less need to compromise your campaign ideas .
While this can be a good thing , it is also possible for a GM to get a little silly , effectively drunk on the freedom .
I cringe at the memory of some of the things that I pulled off the top of my head the first time I GM ’d a solo campaign .
( The transvestite bunny in the darth vader costume selling used lightsabres for outrageous prices , for example – it seemed funny at the time ) .
Enjoy the freedom , but keep a stronger grip on your wilder ideas than normal – with so much less time between concept and execution , you can find yourself through the looking - glass faster than you would dream possible .
In conclusion , I would offer the following :
Have fun !
Take advantage of the opportunities presented by a solo game , and work hard to minimise the weaknesses that come with such a campaign , and it can become something that you will both remember fondly for many years to come .
An Update Of Sorts Readers of this article should be aware that Mike has recently revisited the subject of single - player games in a four - part series ,
‘ One Player Is Enough ’ , allowing him a lot more room to explore the subject .
Ask The GMs is a service to you offered by Campaign Mastery .
Check out what ’s coming next , or ask us a question you have about GMing .
Ask The GMs >
Zu Hause bei Schwarz - Grüns
VON GEORG LÖWISCH
Bad Schussenried , Oberschwaben .
Oswald Metzger macht Cappuccino .
Er ist ein begnadeter Schwätzer , und deswegen kann er vom Gurgeln seiner Espressomaschine eine Verbindung zur Eiszeit herstellen .
„ Wir sind hier direkt Endmoränengebiet , eine Wasserhärte von 21 , 23 “ , sagt er , „ da hat es die Maschine schwer .
Obwohl wir das Wasser filtern . “
Auch wenn es um seine Partei geht , die Grünen , liebt der Politiker den großen , den existenziellen Bogen .
Er beschreibt , wie sie auf Klippen tanzen , wie sie in der Postpubertät Selbstmord begehen .
Sein spezielles Grünen - Thema hat er sich vor zehn Jahren angeschafft .
Er mag es , es ist bei ihm zu Hause , und es hat Konjunktur : Schwarz - Grün .
Zu Metzger geht es die Hauptstraße von Bad Schussenried hoch .
Vorbei an der Bäckerei Zoll und der Metzgerei Huber , die Maultaschen im Angebot hat , vier 500 - Gramm - Beutel zu zehn Euro .
Dann rechts die Zeppelin runter und links in die Robert Bosch , eine Spielstraße , in der nur Schrittgeschwindigkeit erlaubt ist .
Ziemlich am Ende steht ein skandinavisches Fertighäuschen aus viel Holz .
Familie Metzger .
Er trägt die Kaffeebecher in den Wintergarten und setzt sich auf einen Korbhocker .
„ Wenn Sie sehen , wo unser Laden hintreibt … “ , stöhnt er. „ Eine Katastrophe .
Die Bejubelung von Buntenbachs Nominierung für den DGB - Vorstand . “
Er guckt , als habe jemand Essigreiniger in den Cappuccino gekippt .
„ Als ob wir ein Wurmfortsatz der Gewerkschaften sind “ , sagt er. „ Ein Riesenfehler .
Wo sind denn grüne Hochburgen ? “
Er zeigt nach links und rechts in die Nachbarschaft .
Gerade hat er einen Artikel für die Welt getippt .
Abrechnung mit seiner Partei , Beschwören einer Schicksalsstunde , Schwarz - Grün als Alternative – ein klassischer Metzger .
Über ein unartiges Kind reden die Tanten mehr als über ein braves .
Metzger lebt von diesem Prinzip .
Obwohl er in keinem Parlament sitzt .
Mit 51 Jahren arbeitet er als eine Art freiberuflicher Politiker , der Vortrag zu 3.000 Euro .
„ Aber jetzt muss ich wieder andocken .
Ich will nicht den Pausenclown abgeben . “
Er überlegt einen Moment .
„ Oder den Besserwisser .
Ich bin einer , der was bewegen will . “
Deshalb kandidiert er bei der Landtagswahl in Baden - Württemberg am 26 .
März. Seine Chancen sind gut .
„ Ich habe mir eine Benchmark gegeben : 10.000 Stimmen .
Ich sage jetzt : Freunde , ihr könnt eine Volksabstimmung machen , ob ihr Leute wie Metzger in der Politik haben wollt . “
Eigentlich haben die Grünen ausgemacht , bis nach der Wahl nicht laut darüber zu sprechen , ob sie in Baden - Württemberg erstmals eine Koalition mit der CDU auf Landesebene eingehen würden .
Sie fürchten immer noch , dass ihre Stammwähler plötzlich für die SPD stimmen oder gleich zu Hause bleiben .
Oder dass Grünen - Allergiker bei der CDU - Wählerschaft sicherheitshalber die FDP wählen .
Metzger hält sich natürlich nicht an das Verbot .
„ Das Feindbild ist weg .
Die Jamaika - Gespräche waren die Lockerungsübungen . “
Er reckt sich auf seinem Korbhocker .
„ Ja , Freunde : Ihr müsst euch entscheiden “ , legt er los , als wäre sein Wintergarten eine Stadthalle , „ ob ihr euch als ökologisch - bürgerliche Partei aufstellt oder ob ihr euch zur SPD und zur Linkspartei orientiert : zu einer Volksfront .
Und dann geht ihr unter . “
Mitte der 90er - Jahre begann Oswald Metzger den Reiz von Schwarz - Grün zu spüren .
Als haushaltspolitischer Sprecher der Grünen im Bundestag sprach er erstmals öffentlich über eine Koalition mit der Union .
Die Grünen - Chefs rüffelten ihn .
Aber die Journalisten belohnten ihn mit Aufmerksamkeit .
Im Wahlkampf 1998 übernahm sogar Helmut Kohl das Gedankenspiel und versuchte in einem Interview , das rot -grüne Lager aufzumischen .
Neben Joschka Fischer lobte er Oswald Metzger : „ Alle Achtung ! “ , schmeichelte Kohl .
Metzger lacht vergnügt : „ Eine Adelung durch den Dicken , aber eine Hinrichtung vor den eigenen Leuten . “
Kohl verlor die Wahl , Rot -Grün kam an die Macht , und in den kommenden Jahren musste Metzger schon den Rücktritt von Scharping oder Trittin fordern , damit die Medien ihn nicht vergaßen .
Bei der Nominierung zur Bundestagswahl 2002 ließen die grünen Delegierten ihn durchfallen .
Jetzt ist sein
Thema wieder da .
Er will Schwarz - Grün endlich testen .
Andererseits muss er aufpassen : Am Ende kommt es zu seiner Wunschkoalition und er dümpelt im Mainstream rum .
So sagt er noch , dass Schwarz - Grün nichts bringt , wenn die Grünen sich nicht ändern : Wachstumsskepsis , Mittelstandsförderung , Ächtung von Staatsschulden – seine alten Forderungen .
Metzger ist in Bad Schussenried bei den Großeltern aufgewachsen .
Er hat als Studienabbrecher sein eigenes Schreibbüro aufgebaut .
Jetzt sitzt er in Diskussionsrunden mit Roman Herzog und Jutta Limbach , trägt eine Brille von Dolce & Gabbana und Anzüge aus dem Herrenmodengeschäft seiner Frau .
Viele Grüne , sagt er , kämen aus bürgerlichen Elternhäusern .
Und jetzt lebten sie diese Erfahrungen eben wieder aus .
„ Vom Hausbesetzer zum Hausbesitzer . “
Er schaut zufrieden drein .
Er mag den Spruch .
Mainhausen , Hessen .
Kommt es wirklich bald zu Schwarz - Grün ?
Dieter Gröning fände das nur logisch .
„ Ich war ja meiner Zeit immer voraus . “
Gröning ist 67 Jahre alt , gerade kommt er vom Computerkurs heim .
Er wirkt fit , vielleicht nicht ganz ausgelastet .
Er ist seit 2004 pensioniert , nach 19 Jahren als Bürgermeister der 8.000 Einwohner zählenden Gemeinde Mainhausen im Kreis Offenbach .
Ins Amt hat ihn 1985 eine schwarz - grüne Koalition gewählt , so was gab es in Deutschland bis dahin noch nie .
In Grönings Wohnzimmer hängen weiße Gardinen vor den Fenstern und der Kratzbaum soll die Katze von der Couchgarnitur weglocken .
In der Schrankwand stehen Bücher von Tom Clancy und John Grisham .
„ Oben habe ich noch mehr “ , sagt er. Erzählen kann er. Seine Geschichten funktionieren wie Thriller .
Es gibt einen Helden , der gegen finstere Mächte kämpft , immer wieder mit sich hadert und am Ende gewinnt .
Der Held ist er. „ Ich war innerlich zerrissen “ , sagt Gröning .
Oder : „ Da musste ich alle Tricks auspacken . “
Im Mittelpunkt seiner Geschichte steht ein gefährlicher Plan für eine Giftmülldeponie – und der Kampf dagegen .
Die Anlage soll in einer Tongrube unterhalb des Grundwasserspiegels entstehen , die größte Europas , eine Millioneninvestition .
Im Jahr 1985 kämpfen die Menschen in der Gegend gegen den Müllkonzern und die sozialdemokratisch geführte Landesregierung .
Dieter Gröning , ein engagierter Beamter Mitte 40 , kommt als Bürgermeisterkandidat der CDU nach Mainhausen .
Die SPD verpasst knapp die absolute Mehrheit im Gemeinderat , CDU und Grüne tun sich zusammen – gegen die Deponie .
Die Grünen sind Jungs vom Ort , einer trägt sogar Krawatte .
Manfred Kanther von der CDU grollt über den „ Dorfschwank “ , und die grüne Partei versucht , das Bündnis zu verhindern .
Gröning wird gewählt .
Sozialdemokraten erklären wütend , die CDU habe Zauberstifte verteilt .
Damit die Tinte verschwindet und hinterher die Kreuzchen bei Gröning gemacht werden könnten .
Die Geschichte zeigt , wie ein schwarz - grünes Bündnis die Parteien spalten und trotzdem sein Ziel erreichen kann .
Zuerst sagte sich die Grünen - Fraktion von der Partei los und nannte sich Wählergemeinschaft Umwelt Naturschutz .
Dann kam es zur Machtprobe in der CDU .
Gröning gegen den CDU - Fraktionsvorsitzenden .
Am Schluss lief der Vorsitzende zu den Ex - Grünen über , die Koalition zerbrach .
Gröning regierte allein weiter , holte bei der nächsten
Wahl die absolute Mehrheit .
Er war der Gewinner .
Und er kämpfte gegen die Deponie , bis die Landesregierung aufgab .
In Grönings Lebensthriller ist Schwarz - Grün wichtig , aber andererseits nur ein Kapitel .
Er erzählt , dass er nach dem Krieg in ein Waisenhaus in die Sowjetzone kam , dass er den Vater wiederfand und der ein Jahr später bei einem Autounfall starb .
Er beschreibt , wie er sich 1986 mit dem Umweltminister Joschka Fischer anlegte , der an der Mülldeponie festhielt , wie er dessen CDU - Nachfolger überlistete , indem er das Rathaus abschloss und wegfuhr , damit die Pläne nicht vorschriftsmäßig ausgelegt werden konnten .
Wie er bei der ersten Direktwahl 70 Prozent bekam , aus Altersgründen abtrat und um die Nachfolgefrage den Krieg mit der CDU begann .
„ Wenn man mir das Fell über die Ohren zieht , möchte ich dabei sein “ , sagt er. Bei der Gemeinderatswahl Ende März kandidiert er für die FDP .
Schwarz - Grün ?
Gröning interessiert die Frage nicht mehr besonders .
In großen Geschichten sind Parteizugehörigkeiten Kulissen , entscheidend sind Männer , die sich was trauen und deren Handschlag zählt .
Die Katze streicht durchs Wohnzimmer .
„ Ich fahr ’
Sie noch zur Bahn “ , sagt er. „ Warten Sie an der Pforte . “
Das Garagentor öffnet sich , und Gröning lässt seinen Jaguar aus der Einfahrt gleiten .
Berlin , Hackescher Markt .
Ralf Fücks konzentriert sich auf das Wesentliche .
Er trägt einen schwarzen Anzug , ein schwarzes Hemd , schwarze Strümpfe und schwarze Schuhe .
Das Büro im Dachgeschoss der Hackeschen
Höfe ist schlicht eingerichtet .
Ein altes Wahlplakat der Grünen von Joseph Beuys , ein Schreibtisch für ihn , einer für seine Assistentin , ein Glastisch für Besprechungen .
Fücks stützt seine Arme auf den Glastisch und dreht sein kleines Wasserglas langsam zwischen Daumen und Zeigefinger .
„ Jetzt geht es darum , dass die Grünen ihren Standort finden und politische Perspektiven überdenken . “
Er betrachtet sein Mineralwasser .
Fücks leitet die Heinrich - Böll - Stiftung , die den Grünen nahe steht .
Früher war er Bundessprecher der Partei .
Er hat auf Parteitagen die Grabenkämpfe mitgeführt und sich in Bremen als Umweltsenator einer Ampelkoalition mit SPD und FDP gefetzt .
Lange her .
Er kommt gerade von einer Tagung in Warschau , und morgen muss er nach Kuala Lumpur .
„ Das heißt nicht , dass ich immer nur als Konferenztourist durch die Welt reise “ , stellt er fest .
Ein paar
Tage später wird er noch eine E - Mail schicken .
Aus Nairobi .
Fücks ist vorsichtig .
Er kennt die Abwehrreflexe der Grünen .
Er sagt , dass er nicht der schwarz - grüne Prophet sei .
Und wenn er die Einwanderungspolitik der CDU analysiert oder die Schulpolitik , dann legt er sich wirklich die Hände an die Schläfen , als plage ihn eine Migräne .
„ Mich hat die Schwarz - Grün - Debatte schon immer im gesellschaftlichen Kontext interessiert “ , sagt er . „ Ob das gelingen könnte : an den Nahtstellen gesellschaftlicher Entwürfe von Union und Grünen ein paar Blockaden aufzulösen . “
Er lässt jeden Satz einzeln in den Raum fallen , manchmal auch jedes einzelne Wort .
Sein Gedanke sieht so aus : Die Grünen schließen Koalitionen mit der Union , in der großen Volkspartei setzen sich die weltoffenen , liberalen gegen die deutschnationalen Strömungen durch .
Die haben die Kraft , die Unternehmer zu überzeugen , Ökologie und Ökonomie zu versöhnen .
Und sie bringen die konservativen Deutschen dazu , ihre Haltung zu Einwanderern zu überdenken .
Früher hat Fücks als einer der Ersten für Rot -Grün gekämpft .
Dann klappte es .
Und jetzt , nach Rot -Grün , gesteht er Schröder und Fischer gerade noch zu , dass nicht alles Schrott gewesen sei .
„ Merkels Auftritt in Moskau . “
Er nickt .
Überlegt .
Nickt .
„ Gott sei Dank , dass Schröder nicht mehr den Kurs bestimmt . “
Er schaut zum Fenster , die Spitze des Fernsehturms ist gerade von Wolken verdeckt .
„ Es könnte mit der Union einen antitotalitären Konsens geben , als Klammer in der Außen - und Sicherheitspolitik . “
Er schaut auf die Uhr . Er findet , die Grünen müssten an die Macht zurück .
Über die Länder .
„ Ich hoffe , dass die Grünen in Baden - Württemberg drittstärkste Partei werden “ , sagt Fücks .
„ Dann ist das Spiel offen . “
Stuttgart Mitte. Michael Kienzle schlüpft durch eine Hintertür ins Café Deli .
Er ist ein großer Mann mit weißen Haaren und , weil er der Stiftung vorsteht , der das Haus gehört , auch so was wie der Patron .
Trotzdem duckt er sich ein wenig , damit seine 1,93 Meter niemandem Angst machen .
Das Haus Geißstraße 7 in der Stuttgarter Innenstadt hat 1994 ein rechtsradikaler Psychopath angezündet .
Es war die Zeit nach den Anschlägen von Mölln und Solingen , in dem Haus lebten ausländische Familien .
Viele sprangen aus dem Fenster , es starben sieben Menschen , darunter eine Frau , die im neunten Monat schwanger war .
Feuerwehrleute haben heute noch Angst , am Haus vorbeizugehen .
Der Literaturwissenschaftler Michael Kienzle und einige andere überredeten die Hauseigentümerin , eine Brauerei , das Gebäude einer Stiftung zu überlassen .
Mit dem Geld von der Versicherung bauten sie es wieder auf und vergaben die Wohnungen an Obdachlose und Familien aus Bosnien oder Vietnam .
Im ersten Stock ist ein Veranstaltungsraum untergebracht und unten das Café Deli .
„ Man kann an der Basis viel machen “ , sagt Kienzle .
Er ist ein Mann jenes
Typs , der zum Sommerfest nicht nur einen Kuchen mitbringt , sondern auch den Grill .
Und der vorher rumfragt , wer kein Fleisch isst .
Ohne Projekte wäre er unglücklich .
Sein neustes ist ein Kinder - und Jugendtheater , vorher hat er sich um eine Gedenkstätte der Deportation von Juden von Stuttgart aus gekümmert .
Er sitzt für die Grünen im Stadtrat , seine Frau arbeitet ehrenamtlich als Bezirksvorsteherin , die Tochter besucht die Waldorfschule .
Wenn Kienzle von seinen Projekten berichtet , sagt er immer „ wir “ .
Er meint nicht die Grünen , sondern sich und die anderen Bürger .
Zum „ wir “ gehört meistens auch die CDU .
Zum ersten Kuratoriumspräsidenten der Geißstraßen - Stiftung hat er den damaligen CDU - Kulturbürgermeister gemacht .
„ Ich versuche die Idee sofort so zu entwickeln , dass alle mitmachen .
Deswegen ist die Frage Schwarz - Grün für mich nix Neues . “
Den grünen Bildungsbürger trennt vom christdemokratischen nicht so viel .
Vielleicht noch , dass Kienzle mit dem Rad zur Uni und zum Rathaus fährt und die CDU - Leute zu autofixiert findet .
Und dass er festgestellt hat , dass sie immer an Posten denken .
Na schön .
Im Stadtrat gibt es keine feste Koalition .
CDU und SPD sind gemeinsam für die Verlegung des Hauptbahnhofs unter die Erde .
„ Aber im Kulturbereich haben wir in den letzten Haushaltsberatungen alle Anträge mit der CDU durchgesetzt “ , sagt Kienzle .
Oft beantragt die SPD mehr Geld als CDU und Grüne .
Neulich bei einem Radweg war das wieder so .
„ Das geht halt nicht . “
Kienzle ist 60 .
Früher hat er beim Kommunistischen Bund Westdeutschland mitgemacht , das waren die Maoisten .
Chef war Winfried Kretschmann , heute Grünen - Spitzenkandidat in Baden - Württemberg .
Irgendwann hat Kretschmann Kienzle rausgeschmissen .
Wegen bürgerlicher Abweichung .
Kienzle lächelt .
„ Auf dem Klo haben wir uns versichert , dass wir uns schätzen . “
Kiel , Rathaus .
Der Spitzname erzählt schon viel : Püppi . Harmlos .
Zum Spielen .
Niedlich , aber dumm .
Einer von der SPD hat ihn ihr zugerufen , die Journalisten haben ihn sich weitererzählt , und an den Biertischen haben sich die Männer angegrient .
Der Name erzählt viel darüber , dass sie es nicht verstanden : warum diese Frau einen Erfolg nach dem anderen eingefahren hat .
Angelika Volquartz ist methodisch , freundlich , entschlossen .
Oberbürgermeisterin von Kiel , Mitglied im CDU - Bundesvorstand , eine , die Angela Merkel zur Verbündeten hat .
Sie sitzt in dem Amtszimmer des Kieler Rathauses , in dem über 50 Jahre lang sozialdemokratische Männer regiert hatten .
Es ist ein hoher Raum mit heller Holztäfelung an Decke und Wänden .
Es gibt Gemälde mit Schiffen und ein Steuerrad .
Auf einem Schrank steht sogar ein Flugzeugmodell , der Lufthansa - Jumbo „ Kiel “ .
Volquartz schaut hoch : „ Ich fliege ausgesprochen gern “ , sagt sie und lacht .
Der Ausbau des kleinen Kieler Flughafens war das einzige Vorhaben , das ihre schwarz - grüne Koalition belastet hat .
Die Grünen waren dagegen , die CDU war dafür , sie war dagegen .
Kein Geld , kein Bedarf .
Das Land hat den Unsinn vor ein paar Wochen abgeblasen , der Stadtrat zog nach .
„ Ich konnte die Befindlichkeiten nach dem Beschluss verstehen “ , sagt sie mitfühlend .
„ Die einen , die traurig waren , und die anderen , die sich gefreut haben .
Es wäre wirklich schade gewesen , wenn die Zusammenarbeit da gescheitert wäre .
Aber wir hätten auch dann eine Lösung gefunden , weil wir uns menschlich so gut verstehen . “
Sie redet oft so .
Sie war früher Lehrerin für Biologie und Erdkunde und später Rektorin einer Realschule .
Vermutlich hat sie es immer so gemacht .
Sie ist in Machtkämpfe gezogen , in Auseinandersetzungen um Parteiämter , um Landtag und Bundestag , ist gelassen geblieben und hat versucht , nicht viel Krach zu machen .
Sie redet über Schwarz - Grün so selbstverständlich , dass es fast langweilig wird .
Eine Handelsfirma wurde bewegt , 500 Arbeitsplätze zu schaffen , die Hafenerweiterung ist beschlossen , mehr Kinderbetreuung auch , ein Sparplan für die nächsten zehn Jahre wurde aufgestellt .
Die Grünen stellen Volquartz ’ Vize , einen Bürgermeister , immerhin hat der den schönen Namen Peter Todeskino .
„ Wissen Sie “ , sagt sie , „ die Grünen sind einfach pragmatisch geworden .
Die Chemie stimmt . “
Sie hat sich schon im OB - Wahlkampf mit dem grünen Konkurrenten verstanden .
Sie saßen abends bei Diskussionsrunden in der Hebbelschule oder in der Halle 400 am Ostufer .
Lutz Oschmann von den Grünen hat gesagt : „ Ich bin eigentlich genau der Meinung von Frau Volquartz . “
Und sie hat gesagt : „ Ich sehe das so wie Herr Oschmann . “
Vor der Stichwahl hat Oschmann zurückgezogen und die übliche Wahlempfehlung für die SPD stecken lassen .
„ CDU und Grüne haben sich schon mal angeblinzelt “ , sagt Volquartz .
Sie gewann , und im Rat wurde die Koalition geschlossen .
Wenn sie nach Berlin zu CDU - Sitzungen fährt , lästert niemand wegen Schwarz - Grün .
„ Man muss von dem Weg runter , dass es nur CDU und FDP , große Koalition oder SPD und Grüne gibt “ , sagt sie .
„ Mit dem Druck , Probleme zu lösen und nicht Parteiprobleme , zieht ein anderes Denken ein . “
Bei der letzten Vorstandswahl hat sie das drittbeste Ergebnis bekommen .
Sie ist etabliert .
Auch , weil sie früh auf Angela Merkel gesetzt hat .
Dafür hat die ihr im Wahlkampf geholfen .
„ Wir haben eine Art der Kommunikation , die kurz und bündig ist . “
Sie zuckt mit den Schultern .
„ Kein Brimborium .
Sich unterstützen und sagen : Ich halte zu dir . “
Neulich haben sie per SMS ausgemacht , dass Merkel die „ Kieler Woche “ eröffnet .
Das ist im Juni .
Schwarz - Grün in Kiel ist dann genau drei Jahre alt .
