Our KOOZIE ® and COOLIE History .
Coolie nation has been in the custom Koozie and coolie industry since the late 1990s .
In our time in as printers , we have seen the revolution of the custom Koozie and coolie industry firsthand .
Did you know that the inventor of the original beer cooler was a woman named Bonnie McGough ?
Of course , the design that you know and love and use to keep your beer cold has changed a lot since its invention , and the industry around customizing the coolie has changed even more .
Actually , we 're one of the main driving forces in the changes that have taken place in the last two decades .
While some giant corporations are trying to crush small companies like ours , unlike them , we have never lost the true meaning behind customized coolies : our customers .
When we started out , we only printed coolies for friends and family in our garage .
The idea was simple , offer personalized gifts to the people that meant the most to us and share a cold beer amongst friends .
We did n’t have any special printing equipment .
When we started out , computers and digital art were not as advanced as they are today , so it took 3 times as long to set up the art to screen print .
Often we would have to do everything 100 % manually .
This did not stop us , and gradually , through recommendations by friends and the support from family members , we decided we could make a business out of what had previously been a fun hobby .
In the beginning , we were inspired by both screen - print pop art and other styles of art in the late 1990s .
Taking into consideration our artistic background , our love for beer ( especially cold beer ) and our love for screen printing , we combined all of these things to create what is known today as coolienation.com .
Given our background , we have always cared about the quality of the final product .
We are an all American company , so we know our customer ’s values and we take them to heart .
Here are 10 fun facts about our business printing custom Koozies and coolies .
1 . We printed our first Koozie by hand , actually we would take sharpies and ink pens and draw directly on the product and dry it in the oven .
2 . In our first year , we printed less than 25 orders the entire year .
We now print more than this many orders in one day .
3 . We are the only company on the web that offers free art to a customer before they buy .
There is absolutely no obligation to pay in order to receive a design proof .
Whether you 're looking to buy custom tee shirts , custom tote bags , custom Koozies ( r ) or custom coolies , we will do your art 100 % for free .
This means there are no art fees , ever , and you do n't have to pay anything to see your design !
4 . We generally ship mainly with USPS and Federal Express , but we have shipped DHL to the following countries , Afghanistan , Iraq , Russia , Germany , Albania , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia * where alcohol is banned , they actually bought coffee wraps , Colombia , Panama , Costa Rica , Donna , Sierra Leone , SA , Algeria , amongst many others .
We even shipped in order to Swaziland .
5 . Our custom coolies are not only used to keep beers cold .
One of our best customers orders hard foam coolers to use as insulation for metal pipes in their industrial refrigeration company .
In our own company , we use hard foam coolies as pencil holders in the office .
It just goes to show that there are so many uses for custom coolers !
6 . We started printing full color product in 2011 , we were the second company and the year 's season to ever offer this service .
7 . We are on record in the United States for the most orders taken after 5:00 PM .
Almost daily we have orders for custom Koozies or coolies that have to be filled after 5:00 PM .
We literally start the order , print the order , packed order , and ship the order overnight .
Our record is 1000 pieces in under an hour when all the Marines on the floor were focused just on the order .
8 . The owners and management team of the business are very philanthropic .
coolienation.com has donated product and money to the following causes including autism awareness , breast cancer awareness , various other cancer awareness , child abuse prevention organizations , people for the ethical treatment of animals , when a lawyers , salvation army , American Red Cross , St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital , Habitat for Humanity , Boys and Girls Club , YMCA of the USA , as well as many many others .
We have not kept count , but we believe we have donated or discounted close to 100,000 pieces .
The company 's annual goal is 10 % of all orders produced are severely discounted ( or free ) for charities .
9 . We offer over 32 products that you can fully customize !
That is more than any other company and the United States .
Find your custom Koozies and coolies today .
Why are we the number 1 ranked company on the web for Custom KOOZIE ( R ) and COOLIES ?.
Our customers know that they are our number 1 priority .
When you call us , you can talk to a real live person , highly trained with our company values and the art of custom coolies who can help you with all of your questions , comments , or doubts .
If you are in a crowded area , or do n’t feel like talking on the phone , you can chat with us on our website .
Our sales agents can answer your questions there , too !
If you need an answer really early in the morning , the owner of the company wakes up at 4 am every day to hop online and make sure our customers are replied to promptly .
Everyone on our team is dedicated to providing great service .
Even our pets are crazy about custom coolies !
One of the best parts about our company is the fact that we can offer 24 hour delivery .
Since we print and ship 100 % of our products in the USA , if you process your payment today before 4 pm Eastern time , we can send your last minute custom party favor order to you via FedEx and have it arrive at your door at 8 am tomorrow .
Our rush coolies service is highly sought after since many companies will tell you , last minute , that they are unable to complete you order , and that ’s where we swoop in and save the day .
Or maybe you forgot to order your coolies , we all know that life can get in the way , and now it ’s two days away from your wedding and you still have n’t gotten party favors .
The only thing left to do is give us a call at 7048485155 and we will help you with all your custom coolie party favor needs .
Unlike other companies , we guarantee our delivery dates , so if you do n’t get your order on time , we will refund you .
What is there to lose ?
All you have to do is fill out the free proof form above and within an hour you will have a digital free art proof that you will fall in love with .
No more shopping around and looking for designs that might kind of fit your event !
All you need to do is describe your ideas to us , and we will be able to create the perfect custom design for you .
If you can think it , we can print it !
About LST CLAT Coaching
With centres spread over 90 + cities across the country , Law School Tutorials ( LST ) is a known name in the coaching and legal education field - a premier institution imparting the best support , direction , and guidance to all the aspirants of CLAT exam .
Law School Tutorials ( LST ) provides various courses and coaching programs which includes Classroom program , Online Coaching , Test Series , Study Material , Smart CLAT Cracker , Test Gym , and more , to help the students thoroughly prepare for CLAT / other Law entrance exams .
LST is dedicated to help the students convert the dream of securing admissions to top National Law Universities ( NLUs ) of India into reality .
The fruit of tomorrow is through today ’s investment .
The absence of proper tool and guidance should never be the reason for not achieving dreams .
Standing as one of the finest in the industry , Law School Tutorials ( LST ) has succeeded , and is succeeding in ironing the wrinkles of CLAT preparation .
Our top priority is pushing CLAT aspirants to do their best and to walk side by side with them throughout the preparation journey until success is achieved .
Law School Tutorials ( LST ) CLAT programs and training modules are designed by experts who have the best of best of interest in mind to help the students crack the CLAT exam .
The main focus of our program is on conceptual clarity , strengthening the core knowledge , subject familiarity , etc. Classroom Coaching by Law School Tutorials ( LST ) includes an in - class session by professionals who have extensive experience in the field .
We provide rigorous modules and along with it , we also provide sessions for solving doubts .
This way we make sure students wipe clean the hindering doubts and achieve the best score in the exam .
Online Coaching by Law School Tutorials ( LST ) is designed for students who cannot come to attend the class but is looking for the same classroom quality learning .
The online mode of study allows the students to study at the convenience of their own home .
We provide over 100 interactive CLAT coaching classes .
Each class is for two hours .
The online sessions are imparted by expert faculty members .
Law School Tutorials ( LST ) CLAT programs are not limited to online and offline mode .
We provide Video Lectures for the students who lack the luxury of time .
With over 151 conceptual recorded videos on Legal Reasoning , Mathematics , English , and Logical Reasoning sections , students can study per their timing and per their pace .
Law School Tutorials ( LST ) CLAT programs also provide Residential Coaching .
The Residential Coaching is fully personalized with a mixture of classroom sessions ; sessions on communication , personality building , and case studies , book club and workshops , ‘ My Time ' sessions , etc .
It is a 540 hours modified program developed to give a rigorous but fun CLAT exam preparation .
The CLAT coaching programs by Law School Tutorials ( LST ) also involves extensive study materials and test series .
The study materials provided include video lectures and books prepared by the expert faculty .
With our mock series , we give our 101 % each time to give the students the closest experience to the real exam .
We also provide a Performance Analysis tool to help track the performance record , the downfalls , etc .
The core mission of Law School Tutorials ( LST ) is to infuse the students with everything both general and latest updates about the CLAT exam .
How to choose the best CLAT Coaching for you ?
Students preparing for CLAT exam to enter the prestigious law schools may find themselves in a dilemma about landing the perfect coaching centre .
This is a very normal thing to go through .
While achieving the decision of choosing the right centre , the next dilemma that follows is if whether online mode or offline mode will suit you best .
The answer to the question of determining the best coaching centre is impossible because it does n’t exist .
The sentiments towards the most preferred / loved coaching centre depends on an individual ’s experience .
A coaching centre may provide the absolute best learning method to the student , but due to lack of hard work , success may fly out the window .
And , this may impact the students to have disputed feelings towards the coaching institute .
Hence , as mentioned , one ca n’t crown a particular institute as the winner .
However , while we cannot give a name for you to enroll in , we can always lay down the crucial features to look into any coaching institute while shuffling your options .
Here is a list of pointers you must evaluate before deciding your place for CLAT preparation - 1 . Past Results
The first and obvious pointer is the institutes ’ record .
The results never lie ( excluding exceptions ) and this should be the first on your research list .
If a CLAT coaching center has had consistent success in the past , it is safe to go ahead and seek admission .
But again , make sure the result claimed are authentic and audited .
For example , here at Law School Tutorials ( LST ) , the excellent results of our students enrolled in various programs are authenticated and audited by trusted third - party firms .
CLAT 2019 : 7 out of 10 Top Rankers were LSTians .
800 NLU Calls in the year 2019 .
AILET 2019 : 7 out of top 10 Ranks .
44 out of 73 selections in AILET 2019 were LSTians .
2 . Faculty
The quality of the faculty is a very vital part of CLAT preparation .
Ignoring this pointer may result in a cold failure .
Where would we be without our teachers ?
The sense of direction is hampered without our gurus to guide us .
While looking for CLAT coaching centres , ensure that the teachers who will be teaching are graduates themselves from top law schools or CLAT experts with an abundance years of experience .
3 . Mode of Study ( Online vs. Offline )
This is one of the most popular struggles among the students - the decision between online and offline mode of coaching .
Most CLAT coaching centers provide both online and offline mode of study .
The best way to decide is to weigh the factors of both offline and online mode , and see which one best suits your need .
Students who reside nearby the coaching centers normally opt for the classroom teaching because it ’s more feasible in every sense .
The online mode is mostly picked by working professionals or the individuals who live far away from the center .
Law School Tutorials ( LST ) provides both online / offline mode , morning batch / evening batch , and more , to give the students the maximum leverage of choosing the best mode of study .
4 . Fees Money is next pointer to look into - CLAT coaching fees range somewhere between 20,000 INR to 1.5 Lakh INR ( depending on the period / mode of learning ) .
While the online mode of study is more budget - friendly as compared to classroom study , do not opt for it just because it ’s less expensive .
As said time and again , every student has different needs in order to succeed , and therefore , this should not be compromised .
5 . Comfortable surrounding
The mention of comfort may sound ironic considering how the preaching for success is all about hard work and slipping out the comfort zone to achieve the result needed .
However , the CLAT coaching program should be a program that you ’re most comfortable with .
Long term or short term coaching , you will be dedicating your time and health into it .
And that is why it is important to pick the program that best compliments your comfort .
It wo n’t be a bad idea to sit for a demo class or two to make sure you like what you ’re being taught or how you ’re being taught .
A religious perspective on other areas of news was needed , it was argued
Religious coverage is seen as a " rather tiresome obligation " by " secular and sceptical " BBC television staff , a Radio 4 broadcaster has said .
Roger Bolton called for the appointment of a BBC religion editor to improve coverage of faith matters .
He was speaking at the Sandford St Martin Trust awards for religious programmes , for which he was chairman of the judges .
The BBC said its commitment to religion broadcasting was " unequivocal " .
Mr Bolton , who presents BBC Radio 4 's Feedback programme , told the London ceremony that a religious perspective was often " bafflingly absent " both on air and in editorial discussions behind the scenes .
A BBC spokeswoman said there was " no downward trend in our religion and ethics television output " .
She said there had been more than 160 hours of coverage last year , and there was increased investment this year in BBC
One programming on major religious festivals .
" BBC News and Current Affairs has a dedicated religion correspondent , and topical religious and ethical affairs stories are featured across all our BBC networks , " she said .
' In - house knowledge '
A Church of England spokesman said there was " much to be celebrated " in the BBC 's religious output .
But he added : " We have consistently called for the corporation to devote appropriate resources to ensuring high - quality provision of content reflecting and exploring religion across the breadth of its output , including news and current affairs .
" Developing sufficient in - house knowledge in a topic as important to society as religion and ethics is critical to meeting this demand , which is shared by people of all faiths and none . "
Earlier this year , the Church of England 's general synod expressed " deep concern " at a perceived cut in religious programming by mainstream broadcasters .
It called for more programming that " imaginatively marks major festivals " .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Dr Singh challenged the evidence for some chiropractic claims Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The British Chiropractic Association has dropped its libel action against the science writer Simon Singh .
Dr Singh was being sued by the organisation because of comments he had made in the Guardian in 2008 about the effectiveness of chiropractic .
The case itself had sparked an intense debate about the role of libel actions in areas of scientific controversy .
Dr Singh recently won an appeal that would have allowed him to use the fair comment defence in the case .
On Thursday , the website of William McCormick QC , one of the barristers acting for Simon Singh , said the British Chiropractic Association has served a " Notice of Discontinuance " .
This means the case is now over .
Dr Singh said he was hugely relieved , but expressed his annoyance that libel actions continued to be used to block what he viewed as legitimate scientific inquiry and debate .
" Other scientists , science writers , bloggers , investigative journalists , human rights activists - all get threatened with these libel suits , " he told BBC News .
" And at the end of the day , the people who lose out are the general public because we do n't get to find out the real truth because these libel suits just stop good journalism . "
Dr Singh said he was still waiting to find out how the costs of the case would be borne .
He said his defence had so far cost him in excess of £ 100,000 .
TIMELINE : SINGH LIBEL CASE April 2008 : Publishes blog on Guardian website criticising British Chiropractic Association .
It sues for libel May 2009 : High Court rules article 's wording implied BCA was being consciously dishonest February 2010 : Challenges ruling at the Court of Appeal , using defence of fair comment April 2010 : Wins appeal on technical point , that the statements can be regarded as comment April 2010 : BCA issues ' Notice of Discontinuance ' .
Case is over
In the article in April 2008 , Dr Singh suggested there was a lack of evidence for the claims some chiropractors made on treating certain childhood conditions such as colic and asthma .
The BCA alleged that Dr Singh had effectively accused its leaders of knowingly supporting bogus treatments .
The case had become a cause celebre for the science community and led to calls for defamation law to be rewritten so it did not interfere with scientific discussion .
The BCA issued a statement [ PDF ] confirming its withdrawal from the action .
It said the recent appeal won by Dr Singh on the terms of his defence had prompted its decision .
" While it still considers that the article was defamatory of the BCA , the [ recent appeal ] decision provides Dr Singh with a defence such that the BCA has taken the view that it should withdraw to avoid further legal costs being incurred by either side , " its statement read .
" As those who have followed the publicity surrounding this case will know , Simon Singh has said publicly that he had never intended to suggest that the BCA had been dishonest .
The BCA accepts this statement , which goes some way to vindicating its position . "
Chiropractic is regarded as a complementary or alternative therapy , and is offered in some areas of the UK on the NHS .
It involves the use of physical manipulation to treat problems with joints , bones and muscles , with particular emphasis on the spine , which is why chiropractors tend to be associated with treating bad backs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last month , at the SeaWorld amusement park in Florida , a whale grabbed a trainer , Dawn Brancheau , pulled her underwater and thrashed about with her .
By the time rescuers arrived , Brancheau was dead .
The death of the trainer is a tragedy , and one can only have sympathy for her family .
But the incident raises broader questions : was the attack deliberate ?
Did the whale , an orca named Tilikum and nicknamed Tilly , act out of stress at being held captive in a sterile concrete tank ?
Was he tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds ?
Is it right to keep such large animals in close confinement ?
Tilly had been involved in two previous human deaths .
In one episode , a trainer fell into the pool and Tilly and two other whales drowned him .
In another , a man who appears to have entered the enclosure at night , when Sea World was closed , was found dead in the pool with Tilly .
An autopsy showed that he had a bite mark .
One of Tilly 's offspring , sold to an amusement park in Spain , has also killed a trainer , as have orcas in other parks .
Richard Ellis , a marine conservationist at the American Museum of Natural History , believes that orcas are smart and would not do such a thing purely on impulse .
" This was premeditated , " he told the Associated Press .
We will never know exactly what was going on in Tilly 's mind , but we do know that he has been in captivity since he was about two years old – he was captured off the coast of Iceland in 1983 .
Orcas are social mammals , and he would have been living with his mother and other relatives in a pod .
It is reasonable to suppose that the sudden separation was traumatic for Tilly .
Moreover , the degree of confinement in an aquarium is extreme , for no tank , no matter how large , can come close to meeting the needs of animals who spend their lives in social groups swimming long distances in the ocean .
Joyce Tischler , of the Animal Legal Defense Fund , described keeping a six - tonne orca in Sea World 's tanks as akin to keeping a human in a bathtub for his entire life .
David Phillips , director of the International Marine Mammal Project for the Earth Island Institute , which led the efforts to rehabilitate the orca Keiko – made famous by the movie Free Willy – said : " Orcas deserve a better fate than living in cramped pools . "
But if we are pointing the finger at SeaWorld for what it does to its captive animals , we should also look more broadly at the way we confine performing animals .
In most countries , it is possible to visit zoos and see bored animals pacing back and forth in cages , with nothing to do but wait for the next meal .
Circuses are even worse places for animals .
Their living conditions are deplorable , especially in travelling circuses where cages have to be small so that they can go on the road .
Training animals to perform tricks often involves starvation and cruelty .
Undercover investigations have repeatedly shown animals being beaten and given electric shocks .
Several countries – among them Austria , Costa Rica , Denmark , Finland , India , Israel and Sweden – ban or severely restrict the use of wild animals in circuses .
In Brazil , a movement to ban wild animals from circuses started after hungry lions managed to grab and devour a small boy .
Several major cities and many local governments around the world do not permit circuses with wild animals .
Last year , Bolivia became the first country to ban all animals , wild or domestic , from circuses .
That decision followed an undercover investigation by Animal Defenders International , which exposed shocking abuse of circus animals .
Now the British government is holding a public online consultation on the use of animals in circuses .
Many hope it will be a first step towards a ban .
Attempts to defend amusement parks and circuses on the grounds that they " educate " people about animals should not be taken seriously .
Such enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry .
The most important lesson they teach impressionable young minds is that it is acceptable to keep animals in captivity for human amusement .
That is the opposite of the ethical attitude to animals that we should be seeking to impart to children .
Nor should we be swayed by the argument that circuses provide employment .
The human slave trade also provided employment , but that was no argument for perpetuating it .
In any case , in many countries that have restrictions or bans on circuses with animals , human - only circuses have flourished .
There is no excuse for keeping wild animals in amusement parks or circuses .
Until our governments take action , we should avoid supporting places where captive wild animals perform for our amusement .
If the public will not pay to see them , the businesses that profit from keeping animals captive will not be able to continue .
When our children ask us to take them to the circus , we should find out if the circus uses wild animals .
If it does , we should explain to our children why we will not take them there , and offer to take them to a circus that does not .
• Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2010
Photographer : Patrick Wiggins ; Patrick 's Web Site
Summary Author : Kurt Fisher ; Patrick Wiggins
Most North Americans slept through the morning of January 13 , 2010 as near - Earth object ( NEO ) 2010 AL30 silently moved across the night sky .
Its path brought it to an altitude of about 122,000 km , which is one third of the distance to the Moon .
2010 AL30 is an asteroid approximately 10 to 15 m across .
As shown above , Patrick Wiggins followed its passage using a 35 cm telescope and CCD camera .
2010 AL30 is estimated to be part of a NEO population of several thousand similar objects .
On average , one 10 - 15 m diameter asteroid passes within one lunar distance of the Earth about once a week .
If 2010 AL30 had entered the Earth 's atmosphere , it would have created an air burst equivalent to between 50 kT and 100 kT ( kilotons of TNT ) .
The Nagasaki " Fat Man " atom bomb had a yield between 13 - 18kT .
On January 22 , 2010 , the National Research Council of the National Academy of the Sciences released its final report as requested by the United States Congress .
This report recommended an optimal approach to complete the census of NEOs larger than about 140 m as well as an optimal approach for deflecting a NEO that threatens impact with the Earth .
The report recommended that the census of NEOs be expanded to include NEOs between 30 and 50 m in diameter .
NASA 's NEO program estimates that " with an average interval of about 100 years , rocky or iron asteroids larger than about 164 ft ( 50 m ) would be expected to reach the Earth 's surface and cause local disasters or produce the tidal waves that can inundate low lying coastal areas . "
A NEO with a diameter of 50 m can create a blast equivalent to one megaton of TNT .
There have not been a significant number of deaths caused by asteroids in historical times due to the infrequency of the major events .
When such events do occur they are more likely to happen over unpopulated regions such as oceans .
Noting that without better surveys , accurate estimates of the risk of NEO impacts cannot be made , the report made best current estimates for the global risk of death by shark at 3 - 7 persons per year , death by asteroid at 91 persons per year and death by automobile at 1,200,000 persons per year .
by
As an entrepreneur and consultant , I find that a balance between being responsive to people vs. focusing on work can often lead to an obsessive email checking compulsion .
To battle this issue , I have a recurring task to clear my inbox every four hours via OmniFocus .
When I check off that task ( check email , voice mails , text messages , etc… ) , OmniFocus creates a new task automatically in 4 hours .
But what about the case where there is an email that is critical and you need to know when it arrives right away ?
Option 1 is to sit in front of your email hitting refresh every 30 seconds , option 2 is to use some sort of notification program that pops something up when you receive a new email .
The problem with option 1 is obvious and option 2 is a bit more subtle .
Every time you see that pop up or see a number next to your email client you will likely be distracted and break your workflow to check email , only to discover some non-important email .
So this post introduces option 3 .
Setup a special filter to redirect the email you are looking for to your phone via SMS .
This tip assumes that your SMS is primary used for urgent matters .
Following are the specific steps to do this in Gmail ; however , you can adapt easily to any email client that provides forwarding functionality .
Step 1 :
Click the “ Create a filter ” link .
Step 2 :
Fill in the filter criteria to suite your needs .
For example , you may choose to forward any email coming from a certain email address .
Step 3 :
Click the “ Forward it to : ” checkbox , use one of the following formats to fill in the textbox and then click “ create filter ” .
AT&T : number@txt.att.net
Qwest : number@qwestmp.com
T- Mobile : number@tmomail.net
Verizon : number@vtext.com
Sprint : number@messaging.sprintpcs.com or number@pm.sprint.com
Virgin Mobile : number@vmobl.com
Nextel : number@messaging.nextel.com
Alltel : number@message.alltel.com
Metro PCS : number@mymetropcs.com
Powertel : number@ptel.com
Suncom : number@tms.suncom.com
U.S. Cellular : number@email.uscc.net
AT&T : number@txt.att.net
Qwest : number@qwestmp.com
T- Mobile : number@tmomail.net
Verizon : number@vtext.com
Sprint : number@messaging.sprintpcs.com or number@pm.sprint.com
Virgin Mobile : number@vmobl.com
Nextel : number@messaging.nextel.com
Alltel : number@message.alltel.com
Metro PCS : number@mymetropcs.com
Powertel : number@ptel.com
Suncom : number@tms.suncom.com
U.S. Cellular : number@email.uscc.net
Step 4 :
Perform a test by sending a test email to your phone to ensure that you can in fact receive a text message from an email .
I tried this method with AT&T on my iPhone and it worked as advertised .
Source for email to text information .
We ’re sorry , the page you requested is not available
You can search or browse below , or visit our sitemap .
You can also report a problematic link , we appreciate your help .
Search
The monocled cobra apparently expired from exhaustion
A venomous snake that escaped in Germany triggering an extensive three - week hunt has been found dead , leaving its young owner facing a huge bill .
In their efforts to locate the snake , authorities stripped the owner 's flat bare , ripping out walls and floorboards and evacuating the building .
The 30 cm ( 12in ) monocled cobra was eventually caught on double - sided sticky tape laid by the fire brigade .
The 19 - year - old owner now reportedly faces 100,000 euros ( £ 88,000 ) in costs .
The snake escaped on 18 March from its reptile tank , or terrarium .
After sealing the building and laying the sticky - tape trap , firefighters checked the building daily .
One of them spotted the snake on Thursday , lying on a piece of tape having apparently died of exhaustion .
It is believed the snake may have emerged from its hiding place because of the warmer weather .
The owner 's flat has been left uninhabitable , though other residents could return to the building , local media reports said .
" Everything has had a happy end , " a spokesman for the town of Muelheim in western Germany said .
" Not for the snake but for us . "
Advertisements
On The Rachel Maddow Show tonight host Rachel Maddow took on Fox News and their selective editing of the California ACORN tapes .
Maddow played both the Fox News edit of the tapes , and the full tapes .
Maddow said , “ If you watched the footage these guys released , if you followed the wall to wall coverage on Fox … If you are a member of Congress who voted to defund ACORN … You were had . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
After playing the edited tape and the full tape side Maddow said , “ If you watched the footage these guys released , if you followed the wall to wall coverage on Fox , if you read all of the fawning mainstream media coverage of what these guys did , if you were a member of Congress and you voted to defund ACORN because of the outrage portrayed in these tapes , you were had . ”
Advertisements
Maddow debunked the claim that an ACORN employee was willing to help set up a prostitution ring of underage girls floated by Fox News .
she pointed out that the ACORN employee actually called the police and reported O’Keefe and Giles .
She said , “ The fact that the ACORN employee collected all that information including phone numbers and dates the supposed crime was planned for and passed that information on to the police that never made it into that Fox News report of this outrage at the San Diego ACORN office . ”
Ms. Maddow destroyed the Fox News story that ACORN employees were encouraging O’Keefe and Giles and their underage prostitute smuggling .
She played the unedited tape and said , “ What actually happened is that O’Keefe and Giles told this ACORN employee that they could n’t find housing because Ms. Giles was a prostitute , and that ’s when that employee turned to her and encouraged her to keep trying to get housing for herself , not encouraging her to start a prostitution business , but encouraging her to keep trying in her effort to get housing . ”
She then took aim at Fox News , “ This is not meant to excuse what ACORN has done wrong in the past , but the huge tide of negative publicity that followed these video tapes and the coverage they got on Fox wall to wall for months was bull pucky .
It was a dishonest political stunt that bears no resemblance to journalism and no resemblance to the actual facts of what happened in those offices , but it worked . ”
This story is an example of why Maddow ’s program is the best of all of the prime time cable talk shows .
She takes the time to point out the facts .
Her show is unique because she is not on the air carnival barking a political agenda like Olbermann , O’Reilly , and Hannity .
She is n’t running an old school fluff hour like Larry King , and Anderson Cooper ’s program is more focused on news not analysis .
She stands out because she is educating the viewers who tune in to her show .
The really sad part of this is the people who really need to see this segment will never see it .
The loyal Fox News viewers who willingly embrace the propaganda based fantasy program that the network churns out every single day would reject this reality even if it was presented to them by a program they could accept .
Fox News is not a news organization .
They are a political propaganda dissemination tool , and no one should unquestioningly accept any statement that is uttered on their airwaves as fact , because every word that is uttered there is done so to advance their right wing agenda .
YouGov produce a daily poll for the Sun and Sunday Times .
Today ’s YouGov was the only post - debate poll to show the LibDems in third place .
At comment 268 on the thread linked below , we hear about their next poll :
268 .
Just done a YouGov , Mostly about Clegg & LD
Here was one of the question “ Nick Cleggs says the other parties are to blame for the MP scandals , he has taken money from a criminal on the run , many of his MPs have been found guilty of breaking the rules and his own party issued guidance on how to fiddle the expenses system ? ”
I ’d say that was fairly direct !
There were some 17 other questions re the LD by sealo0 April 18th , 2010 at 10:33 am
http://www2.politicalbetting.com/index.php/archives/2010/04/18/how-do-the-blues-and-reds-deal-cleggmania/comment-page-4/
I asked on the thread whether YouGov asked that before asking about voting intention .
Sealo replied that indeed this was the first question , and others attacking the Lib Dems in the same vein followed .
Only then did they ask about voting intention .
The proposition above is , obviously to anyone , not really a question but a set of dubious propaganda statements designed to influence the interviewee .
Plainly this is a deliberate attempt to produce a poll which shows the Lib Dem surge as a blip , and thus discourages potential Lib Dems voters .
That the Murdoch press pull such a stunt should surprise nobody .
But even though they are getting huge money from Murdoch for these daily polls , YouGov must realise that this abrogates all professional methodology and breaches the ethics of the polling industry .
The senior management of YouGov must resign .
STOP PRESS
Anthony Wells of YouGov ( known henceforth as YouGove ) admits YouGov asking these “ questions , but claims the voting intention question ought to have been asked first .
He also points out that the antiLib Dem questions were “ Not for publication ” .
I bet they bloody were n’t .
See 14.15 on this thread .
Hat tip Roger Mexico .
http://www.ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/2611
YouGove – Rupert Murdoch ’s Pollster of Choice
EN VENTA .
Los listados del IFE y otras entidades listados en 500 pesos ; algunas bases se consiguen en 10 mil pesos e información especializada y a detalle por 50 mil dólares .
( Foto : ARCHIVO EL UNIVERSAL )
No sólo en Tepito : particulares ofrecen por internet bases con la información más íntima de todos los mexicanos : cuentas de bancos , credenciales del IFE , expedientes del IMSS , cartografía de INEGI , etc .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The UK Met Office has released a vivid series of images that show the Eyjafjallajokull volcano intensifying .
In the satellite pictures , which use infrared wavelengths , the ash plume appears as bright orange colours spreading out from the volcano .
The plume gradually increased in size over a period of approximately six hours on Thursday morning .
This animation is made up of a series of 13 images captured every 30 minutes from 0600 BST .
The Met Office confirmed that activity from the Eyjafjallajokull volcano had been increasing since Wednesday night , taking the ash plume to a height over 30,000 ft .
But the UK's air traffic control authority , Nats , said that the high density area of the volcanic ash cloud was now lying " off the west of Ireland " and that , as a result there were currently no restrictions within UK airspace .
A Met Office spokesperson also said that the winds forecast over the next few days were likely " to keep the plume out to the west " .
New clarity Dr Jim Haywood , an aerosol research scientist from the Met Office explained that it had previously not been possible to capture such clear pictures .
" This is the best set of images of the plume that I 've seen , " said Dr Haywood , who has been monitoring the ash plume since the volcanic eruption entered its explosive phase on 14 April , and began to release the plume of ash that has caused so many problems in the UK .
" The reason it 's so clear is that there 's no cloud around at the moment , " he explained .
" If there is any cloud above or below the plume , it 's much more difficult to see . "
Because it was exploding through a glacier , the Eyjafjallajokull eruption had been creating its own cirrus cloud .
" It appears now there 's a clean clear signal because all of the ice above the volcano has melted , " said Dr Haywood .
In the rest of the image , low clouds appear predominantly yellow , while high ice clouds appear dark red , brown or black .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We have just looked evil in the face .
Its name is iDisplay .
Based on an incredibly promising concept , iDisplay purported to extend our Mac 's display onto an iPad or an iPhone , over the magic of WiFi .
In reality it threatened to destroy our very lives .
The application , after installation , tells your computer that it has two displays running concurrently ( even when the program is n't open ) , and limits your main display to a lower resolution -- either with blurry pixels or letterboxing ( the latter is shown above ) .
This of course eliminates the purpose of extending a display almost entirely .
Add in the fact that we could n't even get the iDisplay application to open on our Snow Leopard Mac , and we can't imagine recommending this $ 4.99 combo to a single soul on earth .
Even the uninstall process was harrowing .
Please , for the sake of your children and your children 's children , stay away from this app .
Okay , so we 've tried it on a few more machines , and while we managed to make it work in a more reliable way without black bars -- hint , turn off mirroring ! -- it 's still not particularly usable .
Refresh rates are incredibly low , the touch interaction is laggy , and the server app on the desktop is pretty crashy .
We really want to love you , iDisplay -- let 's work this out , okay ?
More than 15 years after a genetic variant was shown to predispose its carriers to schizophrenia , scientists have finally uncovered how the chromosomal abnormality might cause symptoms of the brain disorder .
By studying mice with a similar gene defect , the research team from Columbia University Medical Center linked abnormalities in behavior to a faulty connection between the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex — two brain areas important for learning and memory .
" We know that this genetic deficit predisposes us to schizophrenia , and now we have identified a clear pathophysiological mechanism of how [ it ] confers this risk … , " Maria Karayiorgou , co-author on the study published April 1 in Nature and lead author on the 1994 publication identifying the genetic variant in Brain Research , said in a prepared statement .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
Thirty percent of people carrying the variant — a small deletion of genetic material on chromosome 22 — will go on to develop the schizophrenia , making it " one of largest genetic risk factors " for the disease , according to senior author Joshua Gordon .
The odds of someone in the general U.S. population developing the disorder are one in 100 , but those odds jump to one in 10 for people with an affected first - degree relative , and one in three for people with a schizophrenic identical twin , highlighting the role of genes in the development of the disease .
People with schizophrenia suffer from a loss of contact with reality , confused thinking , delusions and hallucinations — usually hearing internal voices .
Scientists think that no single gene defect causes the disease .
Rather , they theorize that several genetic variations passed on haphazardly from one generation to the next are to blame , along with certain environmental factors — making it harder to understand how various neurological processes might be going wrong .
But by spotting interrelated behavioral and physiological differences in their mouse model , the Columbia team has implicated communication between brain areas as one such process .
The researchers measured the neural activity between the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex while normal mice and those with the genetic deletion performed a task — learning and remembering the whereabouts of a food reward on a T - shaped maze .
" We found that successful completion of the task in our healthy mice required the two regions of the brain — the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex — to work together , " Gordon said in a prepared statement .
" And in our mouse model , the information transfer was less efficient or was unable to take place at all . "
The experiment even revealed a dose effect — the mice who had the least communication between the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex turned in the worst performances negotiating the maze .
The researchers are excited to have discovered a possible mechanism linking the genetic variant to the behavioral deficits in schizophrenia .
" We now know that one of the consequences of that deletion is to disrupt functional communication between these two brain regions , and we have evidence from the study that the disruption actually has an impact on a cognitive behavior that is disrupted in patients , " said Joseph Gogos , the study 's other senior author , in a prepared statement .
" It is possible that similar abnormalities in functional connectivity may also account for other symptoms of the disease and can be used to better assess treatment response , and , most importantly , to develop new medications . "
In addition to its role in the heightened risk for schizophrenia , " the gene deletion also increases the risk for other cognitive and psychiatric disorders , " said Dolores Malaspina , a psychiatrist at New York University Langone Medical Center who was not involved in the study .
The study is " an important step in illuminating how the deletion may be related to a brain dysfunction that is present in some people with mental illness , " she added .
" This is important information whether or not any of [ the genes involved ] turn out to be common causes of schizophrenia in the population . "
Being the Continuing Adventures of a Woman and her Trusty Kayak in New York Harbor , the Hudson River , and Beyond .
( with occasional political rants just to keep things lively ! )
Apr 6 , 2010 ( CIDRAP News ) – Despite a rapidly launched range of studies , investigators in Canada are still unable to say — or to rule out — whether receiving a seasonal flu vaccination in the 2008 - 09 season made it more likely that Canadians would become ill from 2009 pandemic H1N1 flu .
In a lengthy article published today in Public Library of Science Medicine ( PLoSMed ) , researchers detail the results of four supplementary studies that were launched after an April 2009 school outbreak provided the first signal of an association between seasonal flu shots and pandemic flu illness .
The studies , which took in about 2,700 people , found overall that the likelihood of needing medical attention for pandemic flu was 1.4 to 2.5 times greater among people who were vaccinated the previous fall .
But the authors warn that , since all four studies were observational , even careful design cannot rule out the possibility that some undetected methodologic bias affected the results .
That caution is echoed in a companion editorial , written by US researchers unconnected to the Canadian study , who cite the contradictory results of six other studies conducted in Mexico , Australia , and the United States at the same time as the Canadian ones .
Four of those studies found no association between seasonal flu vaccination and pandemic flu illness , while the two done in Mexico paradoxically found that seasonal flu shots may have had a protective effect .
The Canadian researchers add , however , that their results may signal a heretofore - undetected biological mechanism of interaction , one that could occur again in the rare instance of a pandemic strain arising after a flu season has already begun .
The 2009 pandemic strain surfaced in the last weeks of the 2008 - 09 flu season , months after vaccines for that season had been administered .
" Our results may seem counterintuitive , but they cannot be dismissed on the basis that no biological mechanism can plausibly explain them , " the Canadian researchers write .
" If these observations do reflect a real biological effect . . . they raise important questions that warrant further scientific observation . "
The publication of the researchers ' data marks the end of a more than 6 - month - old mystery that first surfaced at the start of the H1N1 pandemic 's second , autumn wave and threatened to disrupt vaccination across Canada .
Word of the manuscript 's unexpected observations rippled across North America , but with the article in press , its authors were not free to speak .
International media , however , covered the rumored findings , leading officials at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and World Health Organization ( WHO ) to weigh in from the unusual position of commenting on data they had not yet seen .
" We have looked at our data at the CDC nationally , " Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC , said on Sept. 25 , 2009 .
" I have looked carefully at the data from New York City where we had a very large outbreak and lots of information about what vaccine was received .
The Australians have looked at it and published their information .
And in none of those data is there any suggestion that the seasonal flu vaccine has any impact on your likelihood of getting H1N1 .
If data is published in the scientific literature , by all means , we would love to see it .
If there 's preliminary data , we would love to see it .
But nothing that we 've seen suggests that that is likely to be a problem . "
The long - awaited paper today describes the genesis of the concern : an indication from Canada 's nationwide , nearly real - time monitoring system for flu -vaccine effectiveness that students at a school in rural British Columbia were more likely to have novel influenza - like illness if they had already received the trivalent injectable vaccine for the 2008 - 09 season .
To test that counter - intuitive finding , researchers from public health agencies in British Columbia , Quebec , Ontario , Alberta and Manitoba and several Canadian universities launched four studies .
Three were case - control studies — one drawn from the same national monitoring system and two using lab - confirmed patient data from Ontario and Quebec — and one was a prospective household transmission study from Quebec .
All four studies , the authors say , show that the seasonal flu vaccine was effective in that season , reducing cases of flu needing medical attention .
But all four also show an increased risk of illness from pandemic flu among the vaccinated .
The risks shown in the studies ranged from 1.19 to 3.20 times greater for those who received the seasonal vaccine than for those who did not .
If that finding is not the result of chance or bias that occurred despite careful study design , the researchers say , then several hypotheses might explain the increased risk .
Immunization might block the cross- protective immunity created by an earlier infection .
" Original antigenic sin , " or immunologic memory dating back to someone 's first flu infection , might create antibody responses that are cross-reactive to other flu strains , but not strong enough to be cross- protective , and thus do not neutralize the virus .
Or a related phenomenon called " antibody - dependent enhancement " might lead antibodies to inadvertently enhance virus uptake and production .
None of those mechanisms , the Canadian researchers note , could be elucidated by the epidemiologic studies that revealed the apparent vaccination - illness link .
In their commentary , researchers Cecile Viboud of the National Institutes of Health and Lone Simonsen of George Washington University acknowledge the care with which the Canadian teams designed their studies to eliminate as much design and analytical bias as possible .
But pointing to the six simultaneous US , Mexican , and Australian studies that found very different effects — along with a seventh study in the US military with findings that echo the Canadian ones — they say that only a prospective randomized trial could produce results trustworthy enough to guide policy .
Organizing a randomized trial amidst the rapid viral spread and political tension of a pandemic would have been challenging , they acknowledge .
" This illustrates the difficulty of making policy decisions in the midst of a public health crisis , when officials must rely on limited and possibly biased evidence from observational data , even in the best possible scenario of a well - established sentinel monitoring system already in place , " they write .
" This perplexing experience should teach us how to best react to disparate and conflicting studies and prepare us for the next public health crisis , so that we can better manage future alerts for unexpected risk factors . "
Skowronski DM , De Serres G , Crowcroft NS , et al .
Association between the 2008–09 seasonal influenza vaccine and pandemic H1N1 illness during spring–summer 2009 : four observational studies from Canada .
PLoS Med 2010 Apr 6 ;7( 4 ) [ Full text ]
Viboud C , Simonsen L. Does seasonal influenza vaccination increase the risk of illness with the 2009 A / H1N1 pandemic virus ?
PLoS Med 2010 Apr 6 ;7( 4 ) [ Full text ]
Chuck DeVore , a GOP senate candidate running for the nomination to unseat California Sen.
Barbara
Boxer this fall , was probably kidding in an ad his campaign team released this week when he claimed he trained in the Army with 24‘s Jack Bauer .
But the Republican ’s targeting of “ Jack Bauer fans ” as a potential voting base is no joke .
“ In 1983 , Chuck DeVore found himself at Fort Knox , Kentucky , in the Army ROTC Basic Camp , where he earned his “ expert badge ” in rifle and scored second best in his training battalion , ” the three - minute ad , posted online on Monday , stated .
“ Cadet J. Bauer was rumored to have been the battalion ’s top shooter that year .
…
As a cadet , Chuck would have gotten top score in land navigation except that Jack Bauer sabotaged the course . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Underlying that bit of humor is a serious attempt to capitalize on the popularity of Fox ’s thriller - drama 24 , which aired its final episode Monday night .
As the show ’s lead character , Jack Bauer developed a controversial reputation for torturing suspects and ignoring constitutional rights .
Referring to them as “ Jack Bauer fans , ” the DeVore ad asks viewers , “ Which person would jack want as his us senator ?
Barbara Boxer , a Guantanamo - closing , tax - raising , big - government - growing ultra-liberal who reads Miranda rights to foreign terrorists ?
Or Chuck DeVore , a US Army intelligence officer who likes Guantanamo Bay as it is , thinks foreign terrorists should have an interrogator , not a lawyer , and supports lower taxes and smaller government ? ”
“ ’ 24 ’ has had a very avid conservative , national security - oriented audience , ” DeVore spokesman Joshua Trevino told the Sacramento Bee .
“ It ’s going to reach a lot of people who are going to be very sympathetic to kind of candidate Chuck is . ”
Some political observers objected to DeVore ’s blending of humor with actual biographical details .
And Steve Singiser at DailyKos , among others , notes a bit of irony in using a character played by Kiefer Sutherland as a prop for a conservative political campaign .
Sutherland is the grandson of Tommy Douglas , a Baptist preacher who became a folk hero in Canada for being the first lawmaker on the continent to introduce a universal health care scheme .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was posted to YouTube by Chuck DeVore ’s senate campaign , May 24 , 2010 .
Domestic Tension
Iraqi born Wafaa Bilal has become known for provocative interactive video installations .
Many of Bilal 's projects over the past few years have addressed the dichotomy of the virtual vs. the real .
He attempts to keep in mind the relationship of the viewer to the artwork , one of his main objectives being to transform the normally passive experience of viewing art into an active participation .
In this , his latest effort , DOMESTIC TENSION , viewers can log onto the internet to contact or " shoot " Bilal with paintball guns .
Bilal 's objective is to raise awareness of virtual war and privacy , or lack thereof , in the digital age .
During the course of the exhibition , Bilal will confine himself to the gallery space .
Over the duration , people will have 24 - hour virtual access to the space via the Internet .
They will have the ability to watch Bilal and interact with him through a live web - cam and chat room .
Should they choose to do so , viewers will also have the option to shoot Bilal with a paintball gun , transforming the virtual experience into a very physical one .
Bilal 's self imposed confinement is designed to raise awareness about the life of the Iraqi people and the home confinement they face due to the both the violent and the virtual war they face on a daily basis .
This sensational approach to the war is meant to engage people who may not be willing to engage in political dialogue through conventional means .
DOMESTIC TENSION will depict the suffering of war not through human displays of dramatic emotion , but rather through engaging people in the sort of playful interactive video game with which they are familiar .
The No Pants Subway Ride is for pussies ( no pun intended ) ... the real Improv Everywhere enthusiasts are all about the No Underwear Subway Ride .
Head exhibitionist Charlie Todd says for their latest mission " over 1,000 people rode the subway without underwear or pants ... we decided it was time to up the ante .
Riders spread out over four different subway lines to surprise and delight everyday New Yorkers riding the train . "
Of course , it is April Fool 's Day , so we have to assume the troupe were really all decked out in nude - colored underwear .
More photos here for your scrutiny .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Conservative Catholic university students rushed to Pope Benedict ’s defense on Wednesday , attacking journalists who have written about the sexual abuse of children by priests as “ sowers of mistrust . ”
The some 4,000 students from around the world , in Rome for a convention , handed the beleaguered pope a letter of support during his weekly general audience in St Peter ’s Square .
In his address , the pope made no direct reference to the scandal sweeping the church but said priests should always send a message of “ hope , reconciliation and peace . ”
The university students , from the conservative Catholic group Opus Dei , handed Benedict a letter that read : “ We notice that many have taken advantage of some episodes that are painful for the Church and the pope to spread doubts and suspicion .
“ To these sowers of mistrust we wish to say with clarity that we do not accept their ideology ... we demand from them respect for our faith and the recognition of the right that we have to live as Christians in a plural society . ”
Catholics ’ reactions to the abuse scandal have been mixed .
A Forsa survey for Stern magazine showed 19 percent of Germany ’s estimated 25 million Catholics were thinking about leaving the church because of the issue .
The Vatican has attacked the media for what it called an “ ignoble attempt ” to smear the pope and his top advisers .
It has denied any cover -up in the abuse of 200 deaf boys in the United States by Reverend Lawrence Murphy from the 1950s to the 1960s .
The New York Times reported that the Vatican and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict , were warned about Murphy but he was not defrocked .
The Vatican has denied reports that the pope , while archbishop of Munich in 1980 , was involved in a decision by a subordinate to allow a priest undergoing therapy after committing sexual abuse to later return to pastoral duties .
In a statement issued late on Wednesday , the Times said its reports were “ based on meticulous reporting and documents . ”
“ Some of the particulars were confirmed by the Church , and so far no one has cast doubt on the facts we reported , ” said the Times in the statement issued by spokeswoman Diane McNulty .
“ The allegations of abuse within the Catholic Church are a serious subject , as the Vatican has acknowledged on many occasions .
Any role the current pope may have played in responding to those allegations over the years is a significant aspect of this story , ” the newspaper said .
SCANDAL DIVIDES CHURCH
There is anticipation at the Vatican that the pope may speak about the abuse scandal directly in the next few days .
Pilgrims leaving St Peter ’s Square after Wednesday ’s audience were divided .
“ My belief in God is not as good as it was ... I must really confess I am disappointed by the Catholic Church , ” an Austrian teacher who declined to give her name told Reuters Television .
Bo Ostria from Sweden said : “ Yeah I believe in God .
It ’s still strong , it does n’t matter what people do . ”
In the pope ’s native Germany , the church has opened a hotline for victims of child abuse .
More than 250 Catholics in Germany have registered alleged abuse cases , most of them at Catholic boarding schools decades ago .
All new asylum seeker claims from Sri Lanka and Afghanistan are being suspended , as news emerges that 70 people were rescued from a sinking asylum boat off Christmas Island early this morning .
Immigration Minister Chris Evans says the Government has decided to implement the processing suspension due to " changing conditions " in both countries .
New applications from Sri Lanka will be suspended for three months , while those from Afghanistan will be suspended for six months .
The Government will review whether the suspensions need to be extended at the end of those periods .
This means any new asylum seekers now arriving in Australian waters from those two countries will not have their refugee applications processed until the suspension is lifted .
The Government 's decision comes as the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reviews the international protection guidelines for both countries .
Senator Evans says the changes will mean that more asylum claims from the two countries will be refused .
" The changes we are announcing today send a strong message to people smugglers that they cannot guarantee a visa outcome for their clients , and a message to those seeking to employ people smugglers that they may find themselves not to be refugees and returned to their country of origin , " he said .
Senator Evans denies the suspension is inhumane and says new arrivals will still be subject to the same legal protection as other asylum seekers .
" They will still be treated with dignity .
They will still be treated as human beings , " he said .
The vast majority of asylum seekers arriving in Australian waters by boat are Sri Lankans and Afghans .
The Government will also bring in tougher measures to target those facilitating the flow of money to people smugglers in the region .
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith has defended the decision as " methodical " and says the safety of minority groups is improving in both countries .
" As we speak we are witnessing in Sri Lanka , for the first time in two decades , a parliamentary election , " he said .
" In our view , again reflected by the UNHCR 's own review processes , it is not now automatically the case that just because you are an Hazara Afghan that you automatically fall within the provisions of the convention . "
The Government will continue processing claims from those asylum seekers already on Christmas Island or who are en route to Christmas Island after being intercepted .
All intercepted asylum seekers will continue to be taken to the already crowded detention centre on the island , where the Government is hastily increasing capacity to cope with the influx of arrivals .
Senator Evans has reiterated the Government 's intention to use the Darwin detention centre , which can hold more than 540 people , if the need arises .
The news came as the Government released details of the rescue of asylum seekers from a boat which was intercepted 73 nautical miles east south - east of Christmas Island .
The Government says some of the asylum seekers ended up in the water but were rescued by crew from HMAS Wollongong .
" Just after 2:00 am ( AEST ) the engine failed on the vessel which began to flounder , " a statement from Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor said .
" The transfer of passengers to HMAS Wollongong commenced immediately .
Approximately 16 passengers were transferred immediately , however some passengers abandoned the vessel .
" Passengers were rescued from the water by the crew of HMAS Wollongong .
" HMAS Wollongong is now proceeding to Christmas Island with the passengers for security , identity and health checks . "
The Federal Government has been under pressure from the Coalition after a spike in boat arrivals last year and this year .
The Coalition blames softened policy for the rise but the Government has said it is due to international " push " factors .
The issue also came to a head last year during the Oceanic Viking affair , when a group of Tamils being held on the Customs ship refused to disembark unless they were taken to Australia .
After getting my beta key for Starcraft 2 I ’ve been spending a lot of time in Windows .
Windows 7 is a huge improvement over Windows XP but I really miss the transparent tabbed terminals in Linux .
I ’ve become so used to having numerous SSH tunnels and sessions going in multiple tabs that the classic Putty Client in Windows 7 seemed very restricting .
I ’ve explored a few Putty alternatives and it seems that a transparent tabbed SSH client is n’t an option in Windows .
I hope that there is an application that I ’ve missed , but at the moment it seems you can either have a transparent Putty client with text that also becomes transparent and illegible with Putty Tray , or you can have a buggy tabbed SSH client with Putty Connection Manager .
Both of these applications are less than desirable , but I have settled on Putty Tray .
With Putty Tray , the console windows will minimize to the tray and not take up valuable real estate in the task bar .
If used with Pageant , Putty Tray is far superior to Putty Connection Manager and it does n’t have the usability issues that Putty Connection Manager does .
I ’m still tempted to install a virtual machine and run some flavour of Linux just for the clean and visually appealing consoles .
Avene Skin Care Products : Treat Your Skin to the Healing Waters
The origin of Avene is centered around a legend dating back to 1736 that describes the healing powers of the Saint Odile spring , found in the Languedoc Roussillon region of southwest France .
The legend states that a horse with a horrible skin disease was released to wander the mountains because the skin disease had no cure .
However , the horse stumbled on the Saint Odile thermal spring , and after drinking from it and rolling in the waters , was cured .
Now , Avene is home to the Avene Hydrotherapy Center and produces a variety of Avene skin care products centered around the unique healing properties of the Saint Odile spring waters .
About the Company
Pierre Fabre is not only from the Avene region , but owns Pierre Fabre Laboratories , which is one of the largest French pharmaceutical companies .
Mr. Fabre began restoring the Avene Hydrotherapy center back in 1966 in order to bring it and the surrounding area back to life , and in 1975 , he purchased the center .
By 1989 , Pierre Fabre Laboratories had created a complete line of Avene skin care products centered around Avene spring water because Mr. Fabre wanted to share the amazing skin care benefits of the water with the world .
Today , up to 4,000 patients can be accommodated at the newly expanded Avene Hydrotherapy Center , and Avene products can be enjoyed by everyone around the world .
About the Ingredients
The spring water from the Saint Odile thermal springs makes its way through the Cevennes Mountain over 40 years before reaching Avene .
This unique journey through the mountains gives the spring water its unique mineral properties that make it the key ingredient in Avene skin care products .
Avene has conducted over 300 clinical research trials to ascertain the medicinal properties and how they can best be applied to help skin problems .
The spring water found in all Avene products is full of silicate , which helps calm and soften skin .
Avene products also have a low NoCl or mineral salt content that is ideal for treating sensitive skin .
About the Products
Avene products are ideal for all skin types , from normal or sensitive skin to those suffering from psoriasis .
Specifically , Avene 's Akerat Psoriasis Skin Cream was created to effectively combat localized areas of psoriasis anywhere on the body .
Akerat Psoriasis Skin Cream should be applied to rough and scaly psoriasis patches to both relieve itching and flaking , as well as prevent future occurrences .
This Avene product will help the skin retain moisture and is hypoallergenic and non-comedogenic so that any skin type can benefit from regular use .
Another popular Avene product is the Retrinal +
Cream which , in addition to the Saint Odile spring water , contains retinaldehyde- a potent form of vitamin A - and the patented pre-tocopheryl- a type of vitamin E. Retrinal +
Cream is perfect for those concerned about smoothing out wrinkles , evening skin tone , firming the skin , repairing sun damage and giving skin back its luster .
Avene skin care products will help fight the signs of aging and can also help those with skin problems , like psoriasis , enjoy be
Avene Skincare Products
Avene is a line of skincare product developed with sensitive skin in mind .
To this end , Avene skincare products are rooted in dermatology and hydrotherapy .
We all know that water is an essential part of any effective skincare regimen .
It is of course indispensable when it comes to bathing and cleansing , and making sure to drink enough water throughout the day is important .
Skincare and water knowledge converge in Avene thermal spring water .
Thermal spring water is naturally mineralized spring water with a composition suitable for therapeutic use .
The French National Academy of Medicine recognizes these health - promoting natural traits as beneficial to maintaining epidermal moisture levels .
The soothing and softening properties of Avene thermal spring water make it ideal for the care and management of sensitive skin .
It is an essential ingredient in the Avene skincare line .
With daily use of Avene products , you 'll rejuvenate dehydrated skin and reap the benefits of anti- aging skin care without having to resort to expensive and ineffectual wrinkle cream .
DrSkinSpa carries a wide selection of avene skincare products .
* Glytone and Avene products are formulated to be sold through physicians in conjunction with professional skin care direction .
Today ’s comic comes crushing into the room even though Tony cloned himself while Wes opened a new business .
This weekend is Stumptown Comics Fest !
It ’s in Portland , OR and it ’s going to be the most fun ever .
Our booth is right next to some rad folk so come check everyone !
It ’s going to be awesome .
I was tempted to feel bad for McAfee in the wake of a disastrous Wednesday upgrade .
We all make mistakes and things must be bad there right about now .
But it 's hard to feel sorry for them , given what 's turned up .
I feel really sorry for the McAfee users who got the company put out on Wednesday .
Many McAfee VirusScan Enterprise customers using Windows XP SP3 had their svchost.exe ( a key Windows system binary which hosts Windows services in its process space ) flagged as malicious .
I was tempted to feel sorry for McAfee too ; we all make mistakes and things must be bad there right about now .
But it 's hard to feel sorry for them , given what 's turned up .
The most shocking revelation was uncovered by Ed Bott at ZDNet : McAfee has admitted to its customers that it followed shoddy quality assurance procedures in this matter .
Specifically , the release was not tested on Windows XP SP3 , the configuration on which it borked the system .
It 's hard to think of a worse single configuration to leave out .
Late last night McAfee .
This sort of thing has happened in the past , and the danger of it increases all the time .
The nature of malware has forced AV vendors to push out ever more frequent definition updates , to the point where Symantec 's " pulse updates " come out every five to 15 minutes .
The pressure to keep up with malware not to mention the pressure to keep costs down can lead vendors to scrimp on testing .
This appears to be what McAfee did .
You might well ask what McAfee is doing scanning Windows system binaries anyway .
I know I did .
It turns out that they do whitelist these files as a general matter , but in this case things got complicated .
Like most security products , McAfee 's scan memory for signs of infection .
The malware ( W32 / Wecorl ) , the definition for which generated the false positive , is one which attempts to attack svchost .
exe by inserting itself into the file and modifying the program to run it .
It 's a classic file virus .
McAfee scanned the file because the false positive occurred in a memory scan of the svchost .
exe process ; this caused it to flag the file .
Exactly what happened is better explained by McAfee in a FAQ it posted last night .
Three specific versions of svchost .
exe under XP SP3 were affected , and McAfee provides the MD5 hashes .
It seems Microsoft changes this file in updates without changing either the size or file version .
If you still need to remediate systems , McAfee has provided a FAQ for that too .
McAfee also says it is adding new QA protocols to ensure this do n't happen again .
Analysts and other vendors are spouting off about this , and some of the talk is misleading or distasteful .
Prevx CEO
Mel Morris issued a statement mischaracterizing the malware involved in the false positive and insinuating that products such as theirs , which do n't rely on implementation - specific definitions , do n't have such problems .
There is a lot to be said for Prevx 's approach , but to imply that it are immune from false positives due to programmer or testing error is just plain dishonest .
David Ulevitch of OpenDNS , not a McAfee competitor , argued that this incident shows the advantage of cloud - based solutions : " Fixing 1,000 cloud - based scanners is a heck of lot easier than fixing millions of desktop end - points . "
McAfee , of course , uses some cloud - based scanning through its Artemis system , and one of the measures it plans to use in reaction to this incident is to create an expansive whitelist in Artemis .
Personally , I do n't see a huge advantage for cloud - based systems here ; whitelists are fairly static things .
And removing the definition was n't the hard part of the remediation ; it was getting a usable svchost .
exe back on the system .
Sunbelt Software is offering a deal ( six months of free maintenance ) to angry McAfee customers .
Business is business I guess .
Do n't assume that Sunbelt is immune from such problems , but then it does n't claim to be .
As I said above , this sort of problem is not unprecedented ; if the false positive had been on sol.exe ( Windows Solitaire ) it would have been embarrassing , but a minor affair .
This was a perfect storm of bad news for McAfee and its customers .
But in this business you make a lot of your own weather , and McAfee 's inadequate testing is the culprit here .
Originally posted on PCMag 's Security Watch blog .
use of cookies .
The Balance uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience .
By using The Balance , you accept our
It was three months ago , in the midst of the most tablet - centric CES in recent memory , that we first laid our hands on Notion Ink 's impressive Adam prototype .
Since then , we 've been on the lookout for signs that the small Indian startup will actually deliver on the tablet 's lofty promises , and while that still seems to be on track , the latest update from the company 's founder is casting doubt on the originally planned June release date .
Stressing the need to agree subsidization deals with telecoms for the 3G - equipped device , Rohan Shravan explains that " some want to give you Adam for Thanksgiving , some for summer holidays . "
Add in his resolute commitment to only going ahead with the tablet when it 's fully capable of running Flash ( seriously Adobe , the thing can do 1080 p video , but Flash makes it wince ? ) , and you have a significantly more elastic release window than we were originally led to believe .
All the same , Rohan could n't leave us without some titillation , and he also promises " amazing freedom " on the email front and a number of content collaborations that he 's not yet allowed to announce .
If you ask us , we just want something -- anything -- with a Pixel Qi display ; we 'll make up our own content , just give us the hardware already .
[ Thanks , Srikanth ]
Lesson of the day for Yale undergrads : Forget that sexy archaeology professor — teachers can’t date you anymore .
The university has banned sexual relationships between professors and undergraduates — and not just those they ’re teaching or may teach in the future , according to alumni magazine Light and Variety .
The new rule has been a long time coming — Deputy Provost Charles Long had been pushing for them since 1983 .
Some faculty - student romances turn out fine , Long said , but others can be “ destructive ” to students .
Before this year , faculty members at the Ivy League school were forbidden only from sexual relationships with students over whom they had “ direct pedagogical or supervisory responsibilities . ”
Once a student graduates or begins graduate studies , all bets are off .
The news hardly caused a ripple among the student body .
“ People were more surprised than anything , ” said Paul Needham , editor in chief of the Yale Daily News .
“ This is n’t an issue that comes up every day . ”
There is more than one artist under this name : 1 . Liverpool born John Murphy began scoring movies at the age of 25 .
In 2000 , following the success of Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch , he moved to Los Angeles .
Since then the self - taught musician has worked with some of the industry 's most respected and luminary filmmakers , including Danny Boyle , Guy Ritchie , Stephen Frears , Matthew Vaughn and Michael Mann , producing film scores as prominent and diverse as Kick - Ass , Sunshine , Miami Vice , Snatch and the seminal 28 Days Later .
After Kick - Ass Murphy set up the record l… read more
ATLANTA , April 22 / PRNewswire / -- Evidence of " frugal fatigue " resulting from the past two years of reduced spending surfaced in a new survey by The American Affluence Research Center that shows plans for increased spending in 17 product categories by affluent and luxury consumers .
The Affluent Market Tracking Study # 17 , a survey of the wealthiest 10 % of U.S. households , predicts slightly higher spending during the next 12 months despite their skeptical outlook for the economy and personal household income .
Plans for changes in spending are well above historic lows established in the Spring 2009 survey but remain below pre-recession levels .
Consistent with the Fall 2009 survey , this new survey indicates the concepts of " new normal , " " stealth wealth , " and " luxury shame , " to the limited extent they existed , have been replaced by " frugal fatigue " among many luxury and affluent consumers .
Given the very negative rating of current business conditions by the affluent , their modest expectation of some improvement during the next 12 months is not particularly optimistic .
They also show little enthusiasm for anticipated changes in the stock market and their personal household income .
Changes in spending plans for 8 major items and 17 different categories of products continued to build upon the strengthening first evident in the Fall 2009 survey , but plans remain soft compared to prior reports in this 8 year series of twice - yearly surveys .
This reflects continuing caution and concern among some affluent .
About 56 % believe they are doing their part to help the environment , while 30 % feel they should be doing more .
A third currently own none of the 7 " green " products listed .
The most commonly owned green items are compact fluorescent light bulbs ( 45 % ) , low flow toilets or faucets ( 44 % ) , and EnergyStar appliances ( 40 % ) .
Green cleaning products ( 27 % ) was the only other item owned by more than 10 % .
Half of the affluent do not expect to buy any of the 7 listed green products during the next five years .
The most frequently anticipated purchases are a hybrid automobile ( 24 % ) and EnergyStar appliances ( 22 % ) .
The survey is based on a national sample of 525 respondents representative of the wealthiest 10 % of Americans , over 11 million households that account for half of total consumer spending and a third of gross domestic product .
Survey highlights :
http://www.affluenceresearch.org/highlights.html
Available Topic Expert(s ) : For information on the listed expert(s ) , click appropriate link .
https://profnet.prnewswire.com/Subscriber/ExpertProfile.aspx?ei=33108
SOURCE American Affluence Research Center
Trace Any Phone Number in US / Canada !
Backwards trace a phone number for free account information and approximate location .
Find the location for cellular , residential , business , and unpublished phone numbers in the United States and Canada .
US / Canada Reverse Phone Number Lookup
Enter Phone Number to Trace
Example Phone Number : 555-555-5555
Reverse Lookup Phone Numbers From Your Desktop !
Download the New Reverse Phone Lookup Tool 1.0
Backwards Trace Cellular , Residential , Business , & Unpublished Phone Numbers
Your reverse phone search is 100 % confidential .
Comprehensive phone trace results may include the following information : Owner name and address
Household members
Possible relatives
Phone carrier and line type Previous residences
Approximate age
Associated phone numbers
And more !
( View sample report )
The biological sciences are edging their way into many different areas of society -- including the petroleum industry .
Norwegian company Biota Guard is one enterprise whose activities utilise biological processes .
Petroleum activities on the Norwegian continental shelf can pose a major threat to the environment unless operators keep vigilant watch for any accidental emissions .
The right people must be notified immediately so they can take decisive action to contain any contamination .
Biota Guard AS is working to ensure that monitoring is a high - quality , efficient process .
But rather than develop robots and sensors to monitor for marine discharges from offshore petroleum platforms , the company has focused on a " biological instrument " that senses environmental conditions better than anything else -- the common blue mussel .
Signs of stress in mussels
Biota Guard 's system monitors the life signs of individual mussels .
These bivalves will close incrementally when exposed to pollutants or when experiencing physical stress due to other threats .
The mussel 's heart rate is also affected by its immediate surroundings , according to Eirik Sønneland , Project Manager at Biota Guard .
The company is working on linking its mussel - based monitoring system to integrated operations systems in order to incorporate environmental monitoring into the overall management of a petroleum field .
Biota Guard 's system provides real - time information about potential contamination , even on a small scale .
Biota Guard was founded in 2006 by the International Research Institute of Stavanger ( IRIS ) and Procom Venture .
IRIS is a main partner in the project .
Funding from the PETROMAKS programme at the Research Council of Norway has been essential to be able to carry out their project .
A primary objective of the PETROMAKS programme is to promote the environmentally sound development of petroleum activities on the Norwegian continental shelf .
The authorities have set stringent zero-emissions requirements on petroleum activities in the Arctic region due to its important fisheries resources and the vulnerability of the environment there to external factors .
The editor of Climate and Capitalism was interviewed by Esquerda . net during the conference O Clima Farto de Nos ?
( Is the climate sick of us ? ) , held in Lisbon , March 26 - 27 .
The three questions , shown in text in Portuguese , are :
Is the climate sick of us ?
What must be done internationally about this situation ?
What message would you like to give to the Portuguese people ?
The video , which is in English with Portugues subtitles , has also been posted on the website of Portugal ’s Left Bloc , and on the Esquerda . net channel on YouTube .
Related posts :
The legendary Nikonos was created by Cousteau and Wouters in the 60s .
Built for submarine photography , it could stand a Kraken 's bite .
Later , Nikon turned it into an SLR .
But this US Navy SEAL 's camera was n't an ordinary Nikonos .
Advertisement
This Nikonos was a total mystery .
A secret that not many people knew about until recently .
In fact , its existence was repeatedly denied by the manufacturer , even after the US Navy published this photo , showing a member of SEAL Team One equipped with one and the following caption :
980608 -N-3236B-003 NAVAL AIR BASE CORONADO , California ( June 8 , 1998 ) — Navy SEALs attached to SEAL Team One , Naval Air Base Coronado , CA , conducts training using the Nikon / Kodak DCS 425 underwater digital camera which can send real time digital images to decision makers , and an LPI LPD tracking device uses brevity codes to send both mission status and precise longitude / latitude .
U.S. Navy photo by Photographer Mate 2nd Class Ted Banks .
( RELEASED )
Advertisement
A digital Nikonos ?
Nobody had a digital Nikonos .
Digital Nikonos just do n't exist .
They did n't exist in 1998 and they never ever existed .
Nikon never manufactured them .
In fact , Nikon cancelled the Nikonos in 2001 , three years after this photo was taken .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So what the hell is this " digital camera which can send real time digital images to decision makers " ?
It is a Nikonos , but with different guts , modified by Eastman Kodak Company Commercial & Goverment Systems .
The model name was the DCS 425 M , a black and white DSLR made for the military .
According to Jarle Aasland — who investigated the origin of the puzzling beast — Kodak officially denies their existence :
I 'm sorry but those cameras never existed here at Eastman Kodak .
We never made cameras for that specific use .
The information you have is incorrect .
Advertisement
Jarle 's information was n't incorrect , however .
It was later confirmed by Jim McGarvey , Kodak 's lead engineer on the DCS cameras who said that the division would take commercial camera designs to adapt them for special needs in limited runs .
Advertisement
It 's too bad that Nikon cancelled the Nikonos .
Not only it is a beautiful camera that requires no casing for diving , but it 's a perfect camera to take into any environment with no protection needed whatsoever .
[ Nikonos via Nikon Rumors ]
Chris Matthews this morning revisited Joe Klein ’s “ sedition ” remarks from last Sunday , which sent the mediasphere into overdrive this week .
Short refresher : Last Sunday Joe Klein told Matthews that “ a lot of these statements , especially the ones coming from Glenn Beck , and to a certain extent Sarah Palin , are right up close to being seditious . ”
On today ’s show Matthews recapped reactions to the remark from both Glenn Beck and Bill O’Reilly and then asked his guests , which included Andrew Sullivan , Norah O’Donnell , Katty Kay , and David Ignatius for their take on Klein ’s statement .
Said Sullivan :
I ’m more with Joe than I am with the Fox News Republican National Committee Coalition Machine .
Sort of this great machine spewing out this alternative reality to reality every minute of the day .
Look , dissent is great and important and I ’m a free speech absolutist .
But this , essentially accusing the president , the duly elected president being illegitimate and even treasonous in respect to what the United States is .
The other guests are slightly more toned down in their response , but similar in their concerns that the speech has gone from dissent to illegitimacy .
Andrew Sullivan was n’t having any of that rationale however :
I ’m tired of this notion , I have to say , that someone like Beck and Limbaugh can be excused because they are entertainers .
As if that is an excuse for saying , substantively that they ’re saying , and for controlling the Republican party .
Look , who in the Republican party have actually pushed back against Beck or Limbaugh or these other nutcases ?
That ’s the truth , and because there ’s no resistance in the Republican party , the Republican Party is Fox News .
That ’s the head of the Republican party .
Amazing to think that six short years ago Sullivan was stumping for George W. Bush .
For his part , David Ignatius says that a ) he does n’t agree , and b ) that if Fox News and Beck are the GOP , the party “ will lose in perpetuity . ”
Clip below .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Size definitely does matter , says a shocked father left struggling to explain exaggerated genitals on carvings in Hamilton 's Te Parapara Garden to his young children .
Phillip Stevens was exploring at Hamilton Gardens with his four children , all aged under 10 , last weekend when they came across the Maori themed garden for the first time .
His nine - year - old son had noticed the carvings as they entered the garden .
" He asked us `is that a penis ? ' , " said Mr Stevens .
" It was pretty obvious what it was , but as you go on there 's one with big testicles , then there 's one holding it .
We tried not to make too big a deal of it , and just told them it was a bit inappropriate . "
He said nude works from European art traditions would not offend him in the same way as the genitalia were of more natural proportions .
" The majority are the same size as their legs .
I can imagine there 's a few kids out there who would really be put off by it .
I 'm surprised nobody has raised it earlier , " Mr Stevens said .
However , Nga Mana Toopu O Kirikiriroa spokesman Wiremu Puke said the carvings were based on early styles produced by carvers in the Waikato basin , and saw no reason to warn visitors who might be offended .
" There are drawers and drawers in the Auckland Museum of carvings that have mutilated genitals due to the early missionaries .
That 's probably one of the most visited gardens , and people are usually amused or intrigued by the carvings . "
Explaining the prominent genitals was an issue for parents , he said .
Mr Stevens said he had decided to speak out because he felt too often people just left it up to others to raise issues .
It was about financial accountability as well as the potential for offence , he said .
" If rates are paying for these , surely someone would have the common sense not to put them up .
On the day we were there , there were ( several ) Muslim families in the gardens , " Mr Stevens said .
City council parks and gardens manager Bill Featherstone said to his knowledge no complaints had been received by council about the carvings in the garden .
Explanatory signage had not been put up to avoid compromising the authenticity of the gardens .
However , an information booklet was being prepared for visitors .
DANA POINT – Daryl F. Gates , the polarizing former police chief whose 14 - year tenure ended amid widespread criticism over his department ’s response to the city ’s deadly 1992 riots , died Friday after a short bout with cancer .
He was 83 .
Gates died at his Dana Point home with his family at his side , relatives told reporters outside the former police chief ’s gated community .
Gates ’ brother said in February the former chief had bladder cancer that had spread to a bone near his hip .
Speaking shortly after Gates ’ death Friday morning , relatives and former colleagues tried to reconcile the private man they described as sensitive and caring with his tough , sometimes abrasive public persona .
“ He was a warrior , ” said the former chief ’s brother , Steve Gates , said outside the Dana Point home .
“ But never be confused of that image interfering with his sensitivity .
To those who did n’t know him , perhaps he was misunderstood . ”
A tart - tongued career cop with a short fuse and a penchant for making controversial statements , Gates was a flashpoint for controversy long before the riots that broke out after four white police officers were acquitted of most charges in the beating of black motorist Rodney King .
“ He was a man of deep convictions , ” said former Police Chief William Bratton , who left the department last year .
“ He was very happy to stand up for them , whether you liked them or not .
And he enjoyed being in the middle of the bull ’s - eye .
He thrived on it . ”
Former Orange County Assistant Sheriff Mike Hillman , who also served under Gates in the LAPD , said Gates was deeply respected by his peers and officers who served under him .
“ He told ( LAPD officers ) , ‘ You should never let me down , never let the people down , ' ” Hillman said .
“ That man is very difficult to replace . ”
Although often at odds with civil rights activists , the mayor and other political figures , Gates was well - liked by rank - and - file police officers .
He was responsible for numerous police successes that came to be overlooked when he was forced into early retirement after the riots .
“ He was definitely a voice of the rank - and - file , ” said Steve Gates .
Gates was a “ one - in - a - million human being , ” current Police Chief Charlie Beck said .
“ He inspired others to succeed and , in doing so , changed the landscape of law enforcement around the world . ”
He was credited with developing the policing plan that brought off the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics with not so much as a traffic jam .
He also created the department ’s popular Drug Abuse Resistance Education , or D.A.R.E. , program for youth .
“ He cared about the citizens of L.A. , ” Steve Gates said .
As a member of the police department ’s command staff in 1972 , he formed Los Angeles ’ first Special Weapons and Tactics Team or SWAT .
He also shut down one of the department ’s intelligence units in 1983 after learning officers were spying on the American Civil Liberties Union and other organizations .
“ He was a man of courage and character who had a deep commitment to the rule of law , with a deep pride of the LAPD , ” said Paul Weber , president of the Los Angeles Police Protective League , the police officers union .
“ Chief Gates was a cop ’s cop . ”
As early as 1982 , Gates came under fire for saying more blacks died than whites during the use of carotid chokeholds because “ the veins or arteries do not open up as fast as they do on normal people . ”
Forensic experts said there was no such difference between races and a black community leader said the only reason blacks died more frequently was because the chokehold was used on them more often .
Gates later apologized .
In 1991 , when a policewoman was killed in the line of duty , Gates labeled her accused assailant as “ an El Salvadoran drunk who does n’t belong here . ”
He once told a congressional committee that drug users should be shot .
Gates ’ police career began to unravel with the 1991 beating of King , which was videotaped by a man in a nearby apartment after King was pulled over for speeding .
Audiotapes of the officers making racist remarks about the incident were released and the videotape of the prolonged beating televised .
Gates criticized the officers ’ actions but dismissed them as an aberration .
Critics said they represented a pattern of abuse directed at minorities allowed to flourish under Gates ’ watch .
Under pressure to resign , Gates announced his retirement in the months following the beating .
He was just two months short of leaving when the officers were acquitted on April 29 , 1992 , a verdict that triggered one of the worst outbreaks of civil unrest in Los Angeles history .
Four days of rioting throughout the sprawling city left 55 people dead , more than 2,000 injured and property damage totaling $ 1 billion .
Entire blocks of the city were reduced to cinders by fires .
Gates came under intense criticism from the mayor , fire chief and others who said officers were slow to respond .
Then - Mayor Tom Bradley said Gates had “ brought Los Angeles to the brink of disaster just to satisfy his own ego . ”
Gates shrugged off the criticism , calling his department ’s response to the riots “ beautiful ” and blaming underlings for what errors he did acknowledge .
An investigative panel later faulted him for failing to properly prepare the department for such trouble .
“ He was a warrior , and a good warrior is one that has courage , has conviction , and is willing to stand up for those convictions , ” Steve Gates said .
“ It ’s not to be confused for a lack of sensitivity . ”
Gates ’ place in history is still being debated .
“ He ’s not a politician and the politicians got him , ” City Councilman Dennis Zine , a former LAPD motorcycle cop during Gates ’ tenure .
“ They blamed him for use of excessive force , then blamed him when he held back in the riots . ”
Gates cemented the LAPD ’s standing as the “ most respected law enforcement in the United States ” with a rigid adherence to classic law - and - order policing , Beck said .
But Bratton said though Gates cared deeply for policing and made significant contributions , he left a department that “ had sort of lost its way , and for the next 10 years LA suffered as a result of that . ”
After retiring , Gates worked briefly as a radio talk - show host and later as a consultant for various companies .
He also wrote the memoir “ Chief : My Life in the LAPD . ”
Years after his retirement , he was still responding to his critics .
“ There were two beatings .
There was one of Rodney King , and then there was the beating of the Los Angeles Police Department .
And that one lasted a whole year , ” he told The Associated Press in 2002 .
He called the rioters “ hoodlums ” and said they were out to loot and steal with little concern for King .
He called King “ a no -good S.O.B. parolee who has never been able to find himself ever since . ”
A month before he retired , Gates led his last Los Angeles Police Academy graduation ceremony .
The crowd cheered him and a band played “ Swinging Gates , ” a song written in his honor .
Gates ’ 43 - year career with the LAPD began in 1949 , not long after a two - year stint with the Navy during World War II .
A Glendale native and University of Southern California graduate , he was mentored by legendary Chief William Parker .
He became chief in 1978 .
Gates ’ personal life , like his career , was sometimes tumultuous .
His marriage ended in divorce and his son struggled with drug abuse , suffering an overdose during the 1992 riots .
In addition to his brother , a retired LAPD captain , Gates is survived by two daughters , a son , five grandchildren and two great - grandchildren .
“ He wanted to die at his home , in front of his window where he had a view of the ocean , ” his brother Steve Gates said .
The Associated Press and Register staff writer Salvador Hernandez contributed to this report .
Hulu reportedly will introduce a subscription plan as soon as May 24 , which would cost $ 10 per month for access to anything older than the last five episodes of popular TV shows , according to the LA Times .
The subscription plan , dubbed Hulu Plus , would not affect those who regularly catch up with recent episodes of their favorite shows on Hulu .
But anyone who wanted to watch episodes older than the latest five free ( advertising - supported ) episodes would have to pony up $ 10 per month , the report says .
There are some unknowns about Hulu 's subscription plan , though .
There are no details on whether the $ 10 subscription will let you watch an unlimited number of episodes from the site or if there would be some sort of metering in place .
Also , it 's unknown if advertising would be displayed during the back catalogue episodes .
The $ 10 price - tag of the Hulu Plus subscription is arguable as well .
Over a year , it would equate to $ 120 for shows you could , in theory , watch on TV for free .
For those who regularly follow only a couple of TV shows , it would make sore sense to purchase episodes from iTunes or buy the DVDs .
Hulu is the second most popular destination for Internet video after YouTube in the U.S. , and is expected to generate over $ 100 million in advertising revenue in the first half of this year .
Hulu is owned by News Corp , NBC Universal , and Walt Disney , and offers free - to - watch full episodes of popular TV shows such as Glee , Lost , or Saturday Night Live , among many others .
The $ 10 Hulu Plus monthly subscription plan is only the latest additional revenue idea for the company .
Earlier this year , Hulu was rumoured to prepare an Apple iPad version of the service , but not further details emerged since .
Add another piece to the ever - growing list of Twitter visualizations .
What makes Moritz Stefaner ’s Revisit different is that it focuses on the conversational threads between Twitter users over time .
Tweets ( symbolized by authors ’ avatars ) are stacked vertically and organized by time horizontally .
Tweets that have more attention via @mentions are closer to the middle .
Let the animation play out , and new tweets are expanded with their connections .
Last week ’s beard post , for example , got a lot of retweets :
The downside is that Twitter ’s API only lets you retrieve tweets from eight days ago at the most , so you ca n’t explore through the archives .
However , because you can specify the users , keywords , tags , etc , it ’s great as a tweet wall for a conference or as something to run in the background on your second monitor .
[ via infosthetics ]
If you recall , last October Wired Magazine had an article : An Epidemic of Fear : How Panicked Parents Skipping Shots Endangers Us All .
Barbara Loe Fisher of the self - named National Vaccine Information Center took issue with a section of that article and sued Dr. Paul Offit .
The complaint is here .
Ms. Fisher was suing Dr. Offit , Amy Wallace ( who wrote the story for Wired ) and Conde Nast Publishing ( who publish Wired ) .
For background , you can read Respectful Insolence Suppression of speech through legal intimidation , anti-vaccine edition : Barbara Loe Fisher sues Dr. Paul Offit , Amy Wallace , and Condé Nast for libel , as well as One possible reason why Barbara Loe Fisher chose to sue Paul Offit in Virginia ?
Autism News Beats “ Barbara Loe Fisher : “ Not a person to be believed ” ”
SkepticBlog ( Steve Novella ) Another Libel Suit – This Time Against Paul Offit ,
And Terra Sigillata ’s Paul Offit , Amy Wallace , and Conde Nast being sued by anti-vaccinationist
The complaint centers around this section of the Wired story :
Paul Offit has a slightly nasal voice and a forceful delivery that conspire to make him sound remarkably like Hawkeye Pierce , the cantankerous doctor played by Alan Alda on the TV series M* A * S*H .
As a young man , Offit was a big fan of the show ( though he felt then , and does now , that Hawkeye was “ much cooler than me ” ) .
Offit is quick - witted , funny , and — despite a generally mild - mannered mien — sometimes so assertive as to seem brash .
“ Scientists , bound only by reason , are society ’s true anarchists , ” he has written — and he clearly sees himself as one .
“ Kaflooey theories ” make him crazy , especially if they catch on .
Fisher , who has long been the media ’s go - to interview for what some in the autism arena call “ parents rights , ” makes him particularly nuts , as in “ You just want to scream . ”
The reason ?
“ She lies , ” he says flatly .
“ Barbara Loe Fisher inflames people against me .
And wrongly .
I ’m in this for the same reason she is .
I care about kids .
Does she think Merck is paying me to speak about vaccines ?
Is that the logic ? ” he asks , exasperated .
( Merck is doing no such thing ) .
But when it comes to mandating vaccinations , Offit says , Fisher is right about him :
He is an adamant supporter .
Ms. Fisher argued :
“ If defendants are correct , Plaintiff Fisher is not a person to be believed and because her stock and trade is information and opinion derived from it , she has no business worthy of acceptance and use , honesty being the foundation of every such reliance . ”
The court ’s decision is online .
The decision is quite clear .
Ms. Fisher has no case against Dr. Offit , Amy Wallace or Conde Nast .
In this case , the article ’s quotation of Defendant Offit ’s comment that Plaintiff “ lies ” cannot reasonably be understood to suggest , as the Complaint alleges , that Plaintiff is “ a person lacking honesty and integrity . . . [ who should be ] shunned or excluded by those who seek information and opinion upon which to rely . ”
Rather , the context of the remark – in a lengthy article describing an emotional and highly charged debate about an important public issue over which Defendant Offit and Plaintiff have diametrically opposed views – plainly signals to readers that plainly signals to readers that they should expect emphatic language on both sides and should accordingly understand that the magazine is merely reporting Defendant Offit ’s personal opinion of Ms. Arthur ’s [ Barbara Loe Fisher ’s ] views .
In my opinion , this case was an attempt to shut Dr. Offit up , restrict his right to free speech by forcing him into costly litigation .
In my opinion , the key section of the Wired article was this paragraph :
[ Dr. Offit ] , meanwhile , still rises every morning at 4 am and heads to his small , tidy study in a spare bedroom .
Every morning , he spends a couple of hours working on what will be his sixth book , a history of the anti-vaccine movement .
Offit gets excited when he talks about it .
I wish Dr. Offit well in his next book .
I thank him for standing up for free speech .
In my view , Barbara Loe Fisher and the organizations that ally with her are very dependent on the very right that Dr. Offit just defended .
They have the ability to voice opinions which are in direct contradiction to established science .
I would think they would cherish the first amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
Beavis and Butthead would be proud .
The Web Open Font Format , already backed by Mozilla and many type foundries was accepted by the World Wide Web Consortium yesterday , marking the first stage in its standardization .
The submission included a surprising new sponsor : Microsoft .
Font distribution is a hairy issue .
The fundamental problem is that using a particular font within a Web browser requires that font to be available on each and every machine that will visit the page .
The font choice obviously has a substantial impact on the appearance of a page , but because the font must be available on each visiting machine , designers are generally forced to stick with the small number of fonts that are widely installed and distributed ; the result is that we see a small selection of fonts ( such as Arial and Times New Roman ) used over and over again .
Microsoft has in the past shipped a pack of fonts , the Core Fonts for the Web to provide a few common options that designers could rely on , but the company stopped distributing them in 2002 after consistent EULA violations .
The result is that designers have generally had two choices : using images to represent text ( which is inconvenient to maintain , invisible to search engines , and inaccessible to end - users ) , or stick with one of the handful of widely available fonts .
Distributing the font files themselves is normally not an option .
Fonts are often expensive to license , and those license terms prevent arbitrary redistribution , just as they do for most commercial software .
However , many fonts allow some kind of embedding to be performed .
This is commonly used with PDFs and similar document formats ; generally , a cut - down version of the font is generated ( so that it contains only the characters required for a given document ) , and this cut - down font is embedded into the document .
The combination of trimming down the font ( so that it does n't contain the full range of characters ) and embedding it ( so it ca n't easily be extracted ) is generally sufficient protection .
The Web font initiative strives to provide this same capability for webpages .
CSS has long allowed font files to be specified for use in a page , but there has never been a widely accepted file format for fonts used in this way .
To be a good solution , the format has to support features like generation of subsets , compression to reduce sizes , and needs to incorporate the necessary licensing information to restrict usage .
It also needs to be compatible with existing font formats , so that existing character outlines can be easily adapted to the new format .
The WOFF standard achieves all this .
It allows enough restrictions and licensing information that the type foundries who create the fonts are generally happy with it , it offers enough capabilities that it 's useful to Web designers and browser authors , and it leverages existing font technology for the actual character descriptions , so it works neatly with existing font files .
WOFF itself is a fusion of two previous efforts to solve this problem : ZOT , originally devised by Mozilla , and . webfont , created by typographers .
There have also been other efforts in this direction in the past ; Internet Explorer supports a Microsoft invention called Embedded OpenType ( a subsetted , compressed variant of the OpenType specification ) , Safari and Mozilla support direct use of OpenType fonts , and SVG can be used to create fonts too .
The industry has lacked any kind of consensus and standardization .
That 's set to change with WOFF .
With the submission to W3C now accepted , the recently chartered WebFonts Working Group will work on refining the specification and developing it into a formal recommendation .
Microsoft 's support is particularly important .
Internet Explorer still commands a substantial market share , so Microsoft support is essential if the feature is to be widely supported .
This decision also underlines the company 's new commitment to Web standards ; where once the company might have been expected to stick with its own solution , it 's clear that now it wants to work with the rest of the industry rather than going it alone .
That said , there 's been no indication yet of whether WOFF support will be included in IE9 .
With the next browser version still likely to be some way off , the company has been reluctant to commit to support any particular specification ( though it has confirmed that certain big ticket items like the HTML5 video tag will be included ) .
We 'll have to wait and see to find out just how serious support for WOFF really is .
What Is National Coming Out Day And Why Is It Important ?
Here 's everything you need to know about National Coming Out Day , and how you can support someone who comes out to you .
Essential Element Becoming Scarce Experts Warn of Impending Phosphorus Crisis
The element phosphorus is essential to human life and the most important ingredient in fertilizer .
But experts warn that the world 's reserves of phosphate rock are becoming depleted .
Is recycling sewage the answer ?
Twelve - year - old boys in Switzerland will soon be able to buy packets of extra small condoms , and the controversial contraceptives may soon be on their way to the UK .
The Hotshot condoms , manufactured by Lamprecht AG , have been produced after research by the Swiss Government revealed that an increasing number of twelve to 14 - year - olds are having sex .
Nancy Bodmer , who headed the research , said : “ The result that shocked us concerned young boys who display apparently risky behaviour .
They have more of a tendency not to protect themselves .
“ They do not have a very developed sexual knowledge .
They do not understand the consequences of what they are doing and leave the young girls to take care of the consequences . ”
And a spokeswoman for Lamprecht AG has indicated that the UK ’s high rate of teen pregnancies makes the UK market a prime target for expansion .
Nysse Norballe said : “ At the moment we are only producing the Hotshot in Switzerland .
But the UK is certainly a very attractive market since there is a very high rate of underage conception .
“ The UK would definitely be top priority if we marketed abroad . ”
The announcement is likely to further disturb family values campaigners in the UK , who have warned that dishing out condoms will not cut the nation ’s dire teenage pregnancy rate .
The research , carried out for the Federal Commission for Children and Youth , interviewed 1,480 people in Switzerland aged 10 to 20 .
The current age of consent in Switzerland is 16 , but if there is no more than three years ’ age difference between the partners then no punishment is given .
Earlier this week press reports revealed that condom adverts are set to be aired on UK television before the 9 pm watershed .
The adverts are an attempt to reduce the nation ’s teen pregnancy rate , but critics have warned that the scheme will not work .
Norman Wells , of the Family Education Trust , said : “ Advertising condoms on prime - time television would do nothing to reduce teenage conceptions or sexually transmitted infections .
“ Research does not support the common claim that teenage pregnancy rates in the UK are high because young people lack reliable information about contraception and are unable to access it with sufficient ease . ”
And last week it was revealed that a £ 280 million Government plan to slash the number of teenage pregnancies is falling woefully behind schedule .
The Government had aimed to halve the rate of teen pregnancies by 2010 , but the latest figures available from 2008 reveal only a 13.3 per cent drop .
Highly water resistant Aquatect zipper
Articulated elbows
2 - way adjustable hood
Mesh lined core vent pockets
Draw cords for waist adjustment hidden in pockets
3 - layer SUPER HYDRO BREEZE ® technology
40 - denier Ballistic rip - stop nylon
Waterproofness : 20,000 mm
Breathability : 15,000 g/m2/24 hrs
Size : XS / S/ M/ L/ XL / XXL
Color : BK / GM ( Black / Gunmetal ) / BK / RB ( Black / Royal Blue )
Weight : 11.8 oz . ( stuff sack included )
Available Options
Color / Size
Blue
Blue
Blue
Blue
Gun Metal
Gun Metal
Gun Metal
Gun Metal
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recent Post :
Cut full for effective layering and utilizing the comfort of 3 - layer waterproof technology the all - purpose Particle Jacket is an incredible value .
Adjustment at the hood and hem , core vent pockets , articulated elbows , and subtle styling have you fully prepared for adventureurban or backcountry . : Small : Medium : Large : XL : Small : Medium : Large : XL
ARTHUR :
So , not that long ago , we started the search for a free agent to add to the writing staff here at Anaheim Calling .
We 've gotten a pretty enthusiastic response , and we 'll be trying out some new contributors during the offseason .
Show them some love , and throw them some feedback .
First up is Jen ( aka Sticks .
Gloves .
Shirt ) .
Jen knows her hockey , and she 's 150 % personality , so we were glad to take a look at what she can do .
Get an eyeful after the jump ...
UPDATE : Disclaimer : Jen is just a Ducks ' fan and has been one since moving to California in 1996 .
She is not , in any way , connected to the Anaheim Ducks organization .
What she writes are her opinions , and are intended for entertainment only .
Relax , laugh , and enjoy the First Amendment at work .
I wanted to take a moment to reach out personally to a few members of the Ducks , reflect back on the season that was and offer ideas of what to work on during the summer break .
Bobby Ryan
A big summer ahead of you , young Jedi .
Two 30 - plus goal seasons have endeared you , and your perfectly coifed bed head , to the hearts of Ducks fans .
Tim Ryan , Bob Murray and The Samueli ’s have listed you ( with Perry and Getzlaf ) as the future of the organization .
For the summer : 1 ) Sign early .
No need to wait until July 1st .
I ’m predicting Murph is going to give you a deal like Getzlaf and Perry - long term ( take it for UFA status ) at a little over $ 5 M a year .
Sure , you ’ll receive " Dustin Penner - esque " offer sheets from other teams , but do other teams have Newport Beach and silicone as far as the eye can see ?
Nope .
2 ) Work on your poker face .
You take hundreds of shots a game .
No need to look to the heavens or do a head down pout on the bench each time .
Get over it .
3 ) For the love of all things holy , stay away from Joffrey Lupul .
You ’re young .
There is no sense in becoming a douche bag this early .
Ryan Getzlaf
You know I adore you , right ?
Wanted to get that out of the way before I said this , I get that playing for Canada in the Olympics is a big deal , but seriously , they are n’t paying your salary with ridiculously high ticket prices .
You ’re 25 .
There will be more Olympic games for you .
While gritting out the ankle sprain in the Olympics is admirable , we had a playoff hunt to resume .
Instead of starting the season up again at 100 % , we got you at 75 % ( I ’m being generous ) and then lost you again .
If we ’re going to continue this relationship , please consider MY feelings .
For the summer : 1 ) If you need surgery on any body part , including hair restoration treatments ( you ’re a marquee player in the NHL , you need hair ) , please get it NOW .
The late groin surgery in the off - season really hampered your start to this season .
2 ) As the likely next Captain of the team , shut up on the ice .
Unless something truly egregious happens , do n’t follow the ref around yapping .
My guess is that most of the PG comments contain the word " stuff " and all the sports clichés you ’re so fond of .
No one needs to hear that .
Corey Perry
What happened ?!?
You were off to a great start .
Then I kinda forgot you were on the team .
For that , I do n’t have much to reflect on …
For the summer : 1 ) Promise me you ’ll never , ever , ever , grow that creepy flesh colored beard again .
Someone is lying to you if they tell you it looks good .
2 ) Drive up to LA and take some acting lessons .
There is no way in hell that officials are going to let you get away with what you did this season .
Work on that " What ?!
Me ?!? " face and proper diving procedure ( I recommend seeing Paul Kariya for that technique ) .
Joffrey Lupul
I ’ll give it to you , there were high expectations coming into the season .
The player we gave up for you left a gaping hole , and we hoped your offensive prowess would make up for some of the loss .
Instead , you were struck by a back injury , surgery and subsequent blood infection .
Here ’s what I do n’t like : through the media you were optimistic about your return to the team during the season , stating how much you wanted to get going on physical therapy .
Then , turns out , you like to boost your own narcissistic ego and started a Twitter account ( as if the " In the Loops " blog was n’t enough ) .
Here ’s how your " tweets " panned out by theme : 85 % partying and / or girls , 5 % stupid comments that make you look like a moron , 5 % music , 2.5 % hockey , and 2.5 % physical therapy .
If that was n’t enough , you weaseled your way onto the team ’s road trip to Canada , only to announce that you would n’t be coming back that season ; ergo , partying on the company dime .
For those facts alone , I give you my " Douchebag of the Season " award .
For the summer : 1 ) Here ’s a novel thought , cut back on the partying and work on your hockey !
Whoa !
I know .
Sometimes I even amaze myself .
If necessary , I will place an anonymous phone call to the health department to have Sharkeez shut down .
2 ) Delete that damn Twitter account .
I know that , as a player , you ’re a product that needs to be marketed , but you are n’t helping yourself .
My guess is that the Ducks ’ brass know what you ’re writing , and so do other teams .
Help your own stock by sticking to the " In the Loops " blog that can be edited by the Ducks people .
3 ) Stay away from Bobby Ryan .
Despite Batman 's untimely " demise " last year in " Final Crisis " -- a loss that led former sidekick Dick Grayson to take up the mantle of the Bat with Bruce Wayne 's son Damian as his Robin -- readers have known for some time that Batman is n't really gone , just missing in time , thanks to the machinations of Darkseid .
DC superwriter Grant Morrison has started to slowly unravel what that means in the ongoing " Batman and Robin " series , and soon all will be revealed in an upcoming miniseries called " Return of Bruce Wayne , " where the man behind Batman finds himself starting from scratch in time periods ranging from prehistoric times to the 1950s , and battling history itself to make his way back to the present .
ComicsAlliance spoke to Grant Morrison about how the series strips Bruce Wayne to his most essential core , what it means to take the myth of Batman back in time , and how " Return of Bruce Wayne " will redefine Batman 's origin story as we understand it .
ComicsAlliance : In " Return of Bruce Wayne " we 're going to see Batman starting his life over in a variety of different time periods .
How does it affect the legend of Batman to move its origins back in time ?
Grant Morrison :
For me , the time thing is to take Bruce Wayne to the limit of what he is as a character , because he 's thrown back into prehistory with no memory and no uniform and no tools apart from the fact that he 's got his belt .
I like of the idea of exploring Batman with this time travel story , but to do it quite convincingly and realistically so that he 's really at the edges of what Batman can possibly be .
I wanted to see him survive out there , and expose him to these challenges through history that would allow us to watch Batman being born from nothing , basically , from this amnesiac man .
I kind of explored him psychologically in " [ Batman ] R.I.P. " ; I broke him down and deconstructed him , and this is really about putting Batman back together again , but in a sequence of what will hopefully be pretty cool one - off stories , with each set in a different time and with a different genre feeling to it .
CA : It 's interesting that on one level you 're dealing with the idea of the immortality of the Batman legend , but at the same time , a lot of this is designed to reveal more about Bruce Wayne as a man .
GM : Really , he 's kind of stripped naked – though we do n't actually get to see him naked .
[ laughs ]
He 's down to the absolutely bare basics .
CA : We 'll be seeing Bruce Wayne in prehistoric times , the Pilgrim era , on the high seas , in the Wild West , and in a 1950s noir story .
Why did you choose these particular time periods and places ?
GM : Firstly , I had to select something that could have happened conceivably around the area of Gotham City .
When I first started I had the caveman one , and then I really wanted to do gladiator Batman ; that was a story I was so excited about – Batman racing across the Forum in Ancient Rome .
But then I realized that he can't really do that .
He can only jump around [ time ] in his own area , and that allowed me to tie it into the history of Batman 's family ...
It allowed me to deal with a very specific space that we know to be Batman's .
So he starts off in the caveman era and you get to see the actual Batcave as it was then , this kind of place initiation for tribesmen .
In the Puritan days , it was a hideout for a girl who was accused of being a witch , and so on through the different time periods ...
Each of them also has their own distinct atmosphere and genre .
CA : So you 've got the Batcave appearing in different time periods ; are we going to see any members of his rogue 's gallery also appearing through time ?
GM : These are people who lived in Gotham , so you might get to see families – Commissioner Gordon 's family or Catwoman 's family .
CA : You mention your development of the Wayne family history as well .
There was Silas Wayne from the ' 50s , Patrick and Kenneth from a prose piece in an issue of " Batman Chronicles " -- how much research did you do , and how much of that did you draw from ?
GM : I basically researched all of it , and then once I 'd written it down I discovered a completely different and contradictory version , as usual with these things .
So I had to combine the two into one .
One version says that Wayne Manor was built in 1855 , and the other version says that it was built in 1799 , so I kind of fudged that .
But I had to read through all of that stuff , and there 's so much of it .
So many little throwaway things in these stories that you 've never heard that might relate to the history of the family .
CA : You 've called " Return of Bruce Wayne " the latest chapter in your definitive Batman tale ; do you know what the last chapter is going to be ?
GM : Oh yeah .
It 's really good , yes .
I 'm so excited , but I can't say anything about it .
The idea for that came to me a few months ago , and it was really quite exciting .
I know exactly how it is going to end up .
CA : Just a few months ago ?
That recently ?
GM : Well , I did n't really think I 'd be back after " Return of Bruce Wayne . "
I was sure the whole thing would just go back to the kind of classic Batman status quo at that point .
And I came up with an idea for how we could develop it in a completely different direction , that kind of did something new to the basic Batman concept .
So I had to stay on .
CA : I know at one point you 'd intended Damian to die – how much of what we 're seeing now is what you originally envisioned for the overarching Batman story , and how much of it has evolved in the process of writing ?
GM : Well , one of the first ideas I had was " Batman R.I.P . " when I got the " Batman " job back in 2005 ... all that stuff was there to begin with , the whole Dr. Hurt plotline and Black Glove plotline were there .
And as it progressed , as with most of these things , when you get into the work and you start to understand the things that you 're doing , it takes on a life of its own and starts to expand .
There are certain things that seem to make sense at the time like making Damian a little bastard and killing him off , but then everyone felt sorry for him .
And suddenly [ killing him ] did n't seem like such a great idea , because he was potentially such a great character , and I 'm glad I did n't .
CA : So with Batman coming back , what 's that going to mean for Dick Grayson ?
After you 've been Batman , what else can you do that is n't a demotion ?
Where do you go from there ?
GM : This is the big launch after " The Return of Bruce Wayne , " so I do n't want to say too much , but it 's a completely new take on the Batman status quo .
It 's like that scene where Damian asks , what happens when Bruce Wayne comes back ?
We do n't get to be Batman and Robin ?
Because I felt , and I think readers felt that they were really cool as Batman and Robin , and you do n't want to lose them straightaway .
So you 'll see what happens .
CA : A lot of your work revolves around high concept themes ; is there a particular theme that you 're working with in " Return of Bruce Wayne " specifically ?
GM : Each strand of it takes a slightly different approach , and looking back on " Batman and Robin , " I can see there 's a very interesting progression where the first story that came out is about masks , and the second story is about faces , and the third story is about bones , and the fourth story is about family history .
It 's kind of delving into the meat of Batman .
I was n't aware that I was doing it , but now it 's so clear that each story peels back another layer of what Batman is .
It all ties into that – the idea of the man in the mask .
And the fact that I want to bring Bruce Wayne and Batman together again as a person , rather than the idea that Bruce is a decoy and Batman is the real person .
I wanted to bring back Bruce as a living , breathing person .
Someone who 's as well trained as Batman , who has studied meditation and all these disciplines , really would n't just be a tough guy .
There 's a lot more to him .
Batman is a person who has seen a lot of really dark stuff and dealt with it .
He 's not a one - note character .
He 's got a lot more context to understand the world , but he 's driven by the mission – that 's the child part of him that he can't quiet .
So as smart as he is , I think he would n't know what to do if he did n't keep doing what he does .
CA : And that 's true no matter what context you put him in .
GM : It just shows that deep inside , behind the costume , behind everything , there 's this highly moral man who will not let bullies have their way .
And that is constantly reinforced ; each story [ in " Return of Bruce Wayne " ] is a different take on the idea of bad people and good people and villains and black and white .
Actually now that you mention it , the stories are a bit – they kinda put him up against morally ambiguous situations rather than clear black and white ones .
CA : After you finish this overarching Batman story that you 've been working on , is that it for you in the world of Batman , or do you hold out the possibility that you could come back again ?
GM : I did n't ever think I would do Batman again after " Arkham Asylum . "
You never know when a good story idea will come up .
But when this one comes to its conclusion I think I 'll have covered so many of the basics of what Batman means to me , it'd be hard to imagine there 'd be much left to say .
CA : Do you actually have a pithy statement about what Batman means to you ?
GM : Well , it 's taken me 6 years to work it out through the book .
[ laughs ]
By the end of the whole thing I 'm sure I 'll have a lovely one - liner , but right now I 'm still discovering .
I love the fact that you can delve into a fictional character like this and get so much depth and so much history .
He 's kind of alive .
He 's been around longer than me and he 'll be around when I 'm long gone , so he 's kind of more real than me .
CA : That 's a theme that we 've seen a lot in your work , and it seems like we 're seeing it acted out in a literal way in " Return of Bruce Wayne " – the idea that this character , this legend is immortal .
GM : The great thing about comics is that they can act out big psychological struggles or human dramas but on a kind of cosmic or epic stage .
The best comics are the ones that ultimately talk about what it 's like to be people , but they express it the way that dreams express it : as big symbols .
CA : Do you see " Return of Bruce Wayne " as the new Batman origin story ?
GM : To a certain extent , it 's almost replacing the death of his parents .
That 's never going to go away , but this is giving him something else where Batman grows naturally and spontaneously out of something else after the death of his parents ...
That 's what I like about it – the idea that Bruce Wayne just becomes Batman .
You can't stop him becoming it .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan authorities are investigating whether several deaths in a remote Yanomami Indian region near the source of the Orinoco river were caused by pollution from illegal gold mining .
Investigators and soldiers this week traveled to Parima B , a village in the Amazon region close to Venezuela ’s border with Brazil .
Using interpreters , they spoke with village elders about the deaths of six Yanomami .
“ It seems the death of a man , a leader of the village of Momoy , and three women was caused by pollution in the zone from illegal mining , ” the Attorney General ’s office said in a statement on Thursday .
Illegal gold mining in the region , especially on the Brazilian side , introduced diseases among the tribe in the 1980s that killed about 20 percent of them .
The Attorney General ’s office said two teenagers were apparently killed after being “ sprayed with a liquid by unidentified people ” .
It did not say if the deaths were linked or when they happened .
Considered the largest isolated Amazon tribe , with a population of about 30,000 between Venezuela and Brazil , the Yanomami had limited contact with the outside world until 50 years ago .
Last year Venezuelan health authorities contained a potentially devastating outbreak of swine flu among the Yanomami .
Tribe members typically live in circular communal huts built around a courtyard .
The men hunt for food and the women plant crops in clearings .
Unprecedented attention from the socialist government of President Hugo Chavez is bringing rapid change to the tribe .
About 30 doctors are permanently stationed on the Venezuelan side of the forest reserve where they live .
Literacy projects , agricultural training and government jobs are now part of daily life for many of the Indians .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. officials will study oil and natural gas royalty collection systems used in other countries to determine whether the government can boost revenue from energy leases , the Interior Department said on Monday .
The study follows a 2008 Government Accountability Office report that found other nations get higher returns on oil and natural gas leases than the United States , the department said .
“ The Administration is committed to ensuring that taxpayers receive a fair return from mineral production on their lands , ” said Bob Abbey , director of Interior ’s Bureau of Land Management .
“ This study will provide some common - sense grounds for comparison as we evaluate our royalty rates and our oil and gas fiscal policies in the context of global markets . ”
For more than a year , Interior has been reviewing fees collected from oil and gas producers using federal lands .
It has yet to announce any significant changes to royalty rates .
Companies now pay a royalty rate ranging from 12.5 percent for onshore drilling up to 18.75 percent of the value of the oil and gas they drill on leased offshore tracts .
The new study will assess appropriate uses of international comparisons and will help inform decisions about federal lease terms .
US covering up reality in Honduras
April 13 , 2010 -- Real News report --
While State Department attempts to sell the world that the inauguration of a new president in Honduras has brought an end to the country 's crisis , the continuing assassinations of anti-coup activists and their children stands as sharp evidence to the contrary .
Video includes interviews with Father Ismael " Melo " Moreno , director of Honduras ' Radio Progreso , and Adrienne Pine , anthropologist from American University and Honduras expert .
Produced by Jesse Freeston .
By Annie Bird
April 2010 -- Rights Action --
The June 28 , 2009 , coup in Honduras caught the world ’s attention , though outside of Honduras little was said about the objective of the coup : to stop the proposal for a new constitution in Honduras .
The terrible repression that followed the coup has also prompted international response , but the political proposal of victims of the repression has been invisibilised .
The coup is now in its final phase , a phase that cannot be consolidated ; the “ disappearance ” of the proposal for a new constitution .
A two - pronged strategy is being employed .
One , the creation of the appearance , without the actual reality , of national reconciliation processes , such as a " truth commission " , which for lack of participation of the human rights victims , among other problems , does not meet international standards for a truth commission .
The other , escalating violence and repression continue against the non-violent resistance movement , which continues to demand a new constitution and does not recognise the Pepe Lobo government , since the November 2009 election he “ won ” did not fulfill most indicators for democratic elections .
This phase in the coup is the most dangerous and prolonged .
While the US and Canadian governments , corporate lobbyists in Washington and even the Washington Office on Latin America ( WOLA ) , a Washington - based human rights NGO , assist the Honduran government in creating the illusion of “ reconciliation ” , death squads assassinate journalists , teachers and trade unionists .
The `fourth ballot box '
In Honduras , a massive and inspiring social movement has arisen , generating what University of California historian Dana Frank describes as “ the most important moment in Honduran history , even more important than the immense general strike of 1954 , from which all modern Honduran history flows ” .
In the months prior to the coup , a massive alliance of most sectors of Honduran society , labour unions , students , Indigenous organisations , women ’s organisations , campesino organisations , LGBT organisations , and others came together to promote a proposal to draft a new constitution with broad civic participation .
They proposed a national opinion poll , which was to be held June 28 , 2009 , the day of coup .
The poll was to ask Honduran citizens whether or not a national poll should be held during the November 2009 national and presidential elections .
This initiative , called the “ fourth ballot box ” , would have asked Hondurans if they want to convoke a constituent assembly .
The proposal never claimed to create a legal obligation for the state ; it simply sought to prove that most Hondurans wished to convoke a constituent assembly .
In the days following the coup , previously unorganised Hondurans came together with the “ fourth ballot box ” movement to form the Frente Popular Nacional contra el Golpe ( National Resistance Front Against the Coup ) .
As people across the country say , by overthrowing the president the power structure in Honduras “ removed the blindfolds ” of the population and the people mobilised massively .
Constant protests , at times more than half a million people , have occurred for over eight months .
After the “ new ” government was installed January 27 , 2010 , the Frente changed its name to the Frente Nacional de Resistencia Popular .
In practically every rural village , town and urban neighbourhood there is a local committee , which then has representatives in committees in each of Honduras ’ 18 departments , which in turn have representation in the national committee .
A new constitution and the April 20 national march
The objective of the Frente Nacional de Resistencia Popular is a national constituent assembly with representatives from all sectors of Honduran society to write a new constitution .
Currently , it hopes to achieve this through participation in the 2013 national elections .
The Frente has called a national march on April 20 to initiate the campaign to collect signatures on a petition that supports a national constitutional assembly .
They expect to gather a minimum of 2 million signatures , more than half the adult population of Honduras and twice as many people as allegedly voted for Pepe Lobo in the fraudulent November 2009 election .
The current constitution , the latest of 16 , was written by a constituent assembly convoked during a military dictatorship , approved by congress and adopted during a military dictatorship .
There was no national debate in regards to its content .
Over the past three decades it has become evident to Hondurans that this constitution does not adequately protect the rights of the majority of the population .
The possibility of changing the framework of government which has allowed a small sector of Hondurans , and their international business partners , to control the nation shook up the power structure to the degree that on June 28 , 2009 , it brazenly carried out the most egregious violation of a people 's fundamental political rights , a military coup .
The strong arm of the shadowy military and economic forces that have retained the power they consolidated through massive human rights violations in the 1970s and 1980s reappeared briefly in the public eye .
Today , the death squad killings of Frente activists brings up horrific memories of massacres , torture and forced disappearances from a generation ago that resulted in more than 400,000 deaths across Central America .
The authors of those crimes are still active and powerful today , thriving in the space the “ democratic ” government of Honduras and the “ international community ” provide them .
When the elected president of Honduras Manuel Zelaya proposed the controversial poll that prompted the military coup , he was simply acting peoperly as president in response to the request of a broad - based social movement demanding a constitutional assembly .
Had the “ fourth ballot box ” poll taken place during the November elections , and the population asked for a constitutional assembly , a new president would already have been elected to take over the presidency on January 27 , 2010 , and the congress would have had the option to approve , or not , the proposal for a constitutional assembly .
Zelaya was not thrown out of power because there was any basis upon which to believe he intended to extend his presidency ; he was overthrown because he was fulfilling his duty as a president in allowing a massive , grassroots political movement to take part in politics through legal mechanisms .
Consolidating the coup
Initially the coup generated the international reaction it deserved .
Never in history had a military coup been condemned by the General Assembly of the United Nations and the Organization of American States .
Virtually every country in the world refused to recognise the coup regime nominally presided by Roberto Micheletti .
However the initial diplomatic reaction was followed by de facto recognition .
The US treasury allowed Honduras to access the foreign reserves on deposit in Washington that the Zelaya government had struggled three years to amass , providing the coup makers with ample resources to finance eight months of diplomatic stand off .
The US sent covert messages of support to the Honduran military by continuing the training of Honduran officers in the US .
The US refused to classify the coup as a “ military ” coup , in spite of all reasonable legal analysis ( including the US State Department 's own lawyers ) , so that it would not have to suspend aid .
The World Bank nominally suspended disbursements of loans but made exceptions for key programs in the interest of economically and politically powerful coup supporters .
The US State Department immediately set about attempting to normalise relations with Honduras , lobbying the neighbouring countries , maintaining constant communication with coup authors in Honduras while freezing out Zelaya and completely ignoring the existence of the Frente .
The challenge of the Frente and of Zelaya became keeping the massive rejection of the coup visible , both inside of Honduras and internationally .
Alternative media and the internet played an incredibly important role , as did a series of actions and mobilisations , including Zelaya ’s dramatic September 22 , 2009 , return to Honduras to take refuge in the Brazilian embassy .
The culmination of the coup consolidation effort was the recognition by the US of the November 2009 presidential election , and the US State Department 's international lobbying campaign for recognition of the newly " elected " government of Pepe Lobo , even though the election defied every standard that must be met to be called free and fair .
Invisibilising the Frente
On January 27 , 2010 , Pepe Lobo was sworn in as president of Honduras while more than half a million people protested by marching to the national airport to wave goodbye to President Manuel Zelaya .
The only Honduran television station that reported the true magnitude of the protest rented a helicopter to fly over the march , but was prevented from taking off .
While there is no doubt that President Zelaya was , and is , an important symbol for the Frente , it is key to understand that he does not represent the Frente and the Frente does not consist of his “ followers ” or ” supporters ” .
The international press , and the press controlled by the coup - supporting regime in Honduras , consistently refers to the massive movement as Zelaya supporters .
This has the effect of invisiblising the existence of the Frente as a clear , organised and representative political entity , distinct from Zelaya .
In the same way , as the same media outlets consistently and intentionally distort and reduce the massive movement for the new constitution to be an attempt by Zelaya to extend his stay in power , the proposal for a new constitution is invisibilised , disappeared .
This massive political mobilisation threatens the consolidation of the coup .
While outside of Honduras , the Frente is ignored , an intentional political action to neutralise its impact , inside Honduras the resistance cannot be ignored , for it is the majority of Hondurans .
So the Honduran state has resorted to invoking fear – by state terrorism – in the population as a mechanism of social control and to literally kill the proposal for a new constitution .
` They are afraid of us because we are not afraid '
A refrain of the Honduran resistance has been : “ They are afraid of us because we are not afraid . ”
Invoking fear in the population is a longstanding tool for squashing movements for political change .
The massive social violence produced by organised crime activity in the region is the organic outgrowth of the death squad networks of the 1970s and 1980s , and has served many purposes including maintaining a high level of immobilising fear in the population .
It is also easy to redirect that violence against political organisers when necessary .
A fundamental precept of non-violent social change movements is that by refusing to submit the injustices of illegitimate structures that maintain power through violence , those powers are forced to either escalate violence to maintain control , and thus demonstrate their illegitimacy , or cave - in to the will of the majority .
For this reason the security of the Frente directly corresponds to the degree to which the Honduran government can engage in repression and still retain a degree of legitimacy .
Hondurans have been very savvy and capable in avoiding an armed or violent response to the coup and the provocations of the anti-democratic forces .
They know that an armed resistance movement would provide justification for even greater repression and even more pervasive de-legitimisation of their political demands .
The response to their non-violent stance has been attempts to invent a violent movement in Honduras .
While the Honduran press invokes language of " terrorism " and guerrilla movements , lobbyists in Washington argue that the demand for a new constitution is a Cuban - Venezuelan ploy and that Venezuela is building up ties with Hezbollah .
Government of national `reconciliation '
When Pepe Lobo was sworn in as president , he immediately advanced in two fronts , consolidating and strengthening the repressive military , police and paramilitary forces , while creating the appearance of a “ national reconciliation ” process .
The government of “ national reconciliation ” provides the legitimacy or political cover needed for the acts of repression with which it hopes to extinguish the Frente .
The cabinet - level positions related to the justice system and policing were given to hardliners with a history of human rights abuses , such as minister of government Oscar Alvarez , who held the same position under the president who preceded Zelaya , Ricardo Maduro .
The cabinet positions on economic policy were given to the private sector supporters of the coup , whose grip on Honduran resources the Frente hopes to break with the creation of a new constitution .
Three of the cabinet positions for social programs were given to figures associated with the “ left ” , though two of those have for many years been distanced from the social movement and one , Cesar Ham of the UD political party , has been completely ostracised by the Frente for accepting the political appointment .
The creation of the image of a " government of national reconciliation " when in reality there is no real dialogue or reconciliation with the vast majority of Hondurans who are the active base of the Frente , while backing hardline violent repression , is the strategy for consolidating the coup and “ disappearing ” the Frente .
Rejecting a truth commission !
The truth commission proposed in the failed San Jose - Tegucigalpa Accords is part of the “ national reconciliation ” process , and it has been rejected by both the Frente and the Human Rights Platform , a coordinating body comprised of all six of the principal human rights organisations in Honduras .
It is not easy to say no to something called a truth commission , it looks like you have something to hide , but in the case of Honduras what is being proposed cannot legitimately be called a truth commission .
Over the past couple decades a series of truth commissions have taken place around the world , and some general characteristics have emerged that define truth commissions .
Generally truth commissions are established to investigate past acts of violence or repression , after the worst violence has ended .
Truth commissions examine a series of events and violations , not a single event .
They normally work with , or at the request of , victims of violations .
The proposal in Honduras fits none of these characteristics ; it is not a truth commission .
Those who constructed the truth commission in Honduras , principally the US State Department and the Pepe Lobo government , never sought the opinion of the principal victims of rights violations that have occurred – the general population and , specifically , people who are members of the peaceful , pro-democracy Frente .
The truth commission in Honduras is being created in the middle of an ongoing conflict , in the midst of grave human rights violations .
At best , the commission appears to be a platform for one - sided political negotiation .
At worst it is a vehicle to hijack a constitutional reform process that once again does not have the participation of population of Hondurans .
Observers have analysed , based on statements by the Lobo government and the US State Department , that constitutional reforms may be among the recommendations of the “ truth commission . ”
Washington chapter of the `reconciliation ' government
Truth commissions are almost irresistible to the international human rights community , and the severe nature of the human rights abuses occurring provide a strong motivation to look for a quick solution to the " crisis " .
Unfortunately quick solutions will not help , they will not stop the violence , instead they will help consolidate the impunity that generates some of the highest levels of social violence in the world .
In the US , on Capitol Hill , the Frente has been invisibilised .
Meanwhile , the Washington Office on Latin America ( WOLA ) – a thinktank created in the 1980s to support human rights organisations in Latin America , and a group thought to be the voice in Washington of the human rights community – gave testimony in a House of Representatives hearing on Honduras of the International Relations Sub -Committee on the Western Hemisphere , in which it requested that the US back the Honduran truth commission .
WOLA also voiced support for police and military aid .
WOLA did not once mention the existence of the Frente .
The opinions they have voiced to US Congress are in line with other actions WOLA has been taking since the coup .
The next project appears to be a meeting WOLA is convening in Washington between Honduran “ civil society ” , the Honduran government , international human rights organisations and embassies in Washington ; it is scheduled to take place April 14 .
What appears to be the Washington chapter of the “ government of national reconciliation ” – in reality the disappearance of the truth – is sad and damaging ; it helps to legitimise a government engaged in massive human rights violations .
The Frente in Honduras is massive and united .
Whatever NGO shows up to the WOLA meeting will undoubtedly be a small group representing nothing more then the international funders that support it .
What the event might succeed in doing is creating the false image in the “ international community ” or “ human rights world ” that a neutral middle ground exists .
The only agenda this serves is putting the Frente at greater risk .
Hondurans will have their moment of truth and justice
Honduras will have its moment of truth with justice , but right now is not the time for a truth commission ; a truth commission is not the proper mechanism to mediate a complex conflict or to diffuse a political struggle ; the role of a truth commission is to evaluate the conflict in retrospect .
Better international observation of human rights abuses is called for .
Building mechanisms to confront impunity , rather then cementing into place the mechanisms that enforce it , is necessary and is something the international community can contribute to only in coordination with the victims of violations .
Political interventions that invisibilise the victims of human rights and their political position does them no service , and will not stop the abuses , they will compound them .
[ Annie Bird is co-director of Rights Action , a US - and Canada - based not - for - profit organisation that supports community development and environmental and human rights defence work in Honduras , Guatemala and elsewhere .
Please republish this article widely .
For more information : annie [ at ] rightsaction.org ; phone +1-202-680-3002 , or visit www.rightsaction.org.]
Hey bros ,
It ’s the first appearance of Dick Masterson , Chauvinist Detective .
For more of Dick ’s wacky antics , visit www.menarebetterthanwomen.com!
Written by sinsemillaplease .
This guide is intended to inform you of your constitutional rights while in the presence of law enforcement officers ( LEOs ) while on foot , behind the wheel , as a passenger and in your residence .
The information I have provided is based on my knowledge of the constitution and case law ( I ’m pre-law ) , information provided by Norml and flexyourrights.org , local conferences on racial profiling , and a fair share of common sense .
The laws cited here apply in the United States .
Though many of the tips offered here are helpful in any LEO encounter , some of the protections against search do not apply to citizens of other countries .
You should know that some officers of the law will undoubtedly take offense to your knowledge and recitation of your rights but this does not give them reasonable suspicion or probable cause for detainment , arrest or search as I will define them later .
Feel free to post additional advice so long as you can support it with the necessary case law or something else verifiable .
TYPES OF POLICE ENCOUNTERS :
Friendly Conversation or Otherwise Consensual , Casual Encounters
A law enforcement officer could at any time initiate a casual conversation with you .
This could be in the form of a “ Hi . How are you doing today ?
What are you up to ? ” or “ Hey where you headed buddy ? ” or “ Nice weather today huh ? ” etc .
Definitively , a casual encounter is any time you speak to police with the freedom to terminate the encounter at your leisure .
When engaged in a casual encounter you are not obligated to speak to the officer at all .
You may refuse to provide a name or even refuse to open your mouth altogether .
In most casual encounters it is wholly uneccesary to be this tight - lipped unless you have reason to believe that providing them with information could be detrimental to your freedom ( ie you have high priority warrants or are on a name basis with cops as a wanted fugitive , etc ) .
At any point in conversation you may leave without another word .
If you are unsure of what type of situation you are in ask , “ Am I free to go or are you detaining me ? ”
If the officer does not have reasonable suspicion of criminal activity he cannot prevent you from leaving .
The odor of marijuana does in fact constitute reasonable suspicion and probable cause if and only if the officer is trained in determing the length of time a residual odor of marijuana has been present .
Detainment
If a LEO has reasonable suspicion that you have , are engaged in , or are about to engage in criminal activity they may detain you .
A hunch does not constitue said suspicion and specific , articulable facts must be observed .
This encounter is commonly known as a Terry stop based on the Supreme Court ruling in Terry v. Ohio .
During detainment a LEO will ask you to identify yourself .
In most cases you are required to do so and a verbal statement of your name suffices to satisfy the Stop and Identify statute .
While refusing to provide a name does not constitue probable cause for a search or arrest it can constitute a crime in and of itself which could get you arrested anyway .
Unless you have previously confirmed knowledge of a local statute that allows you to legally refuse , provide your name when requested .
The 5th and 6th amendments allow you to refuse all other questions when not in the presence of an attorney .
Pursuant to detainment , LEOs have the right to frisk your outer garments from head to toe for weapons , but not for drugs or paraphernalia .
Detainment must be brief according to Terry v. Ohio so after a time ask , “ Am I free to leave ? ”
Arrest
A LEO must have probable cause to believe that you have committed a crime to arrest you .
Under arrest LEOs are legally entitled to a warrantless search of you , anything you ’re carrying and your immediate surroundings .
An arresting officer is required to inform you of your Miranda rights , namely the right to remain silent , the right to have an attorney present and provided at the state ’s expense , and that anything you say is admissible in court .
If you are not read your rights nothing you say is admissible as evidence .
Biographical booking information is exempt from Miranda protection and must be offered subsequent to arrest .
Keep your mouth shut and call an attorney .
LEO INTERACTION GUIDE WHEN YOU ARE …
On Foot
If ever you encounter a LEO on foot while you are minding your own business , you are not required by any statute to even entertain their presence .
If they say anything to you , you are not required to respond in any fashion .
Minding your own business assumes that you are not creating reasonable suspicion of a crime .
Items or behaviors that could constitue suspicion , alone or collectively :
( Not All - Inclusive )
– Odor of marijuana localized to the person or belongings
– Disorderly Conduct
– Visible Inebriation ( Swerving , Heavily slurred speech , etc. )
– Paraphernalia or illegal contraband in sight
– Presence in public park or private ( w/o permission ) after hours
– Excessive Noise
– Evasive Conduct
– Rapid concealment of items
– Visible bulge at the waist or hand gesture to check for weapon
– Breaking curfew ( if underage )
LEOs may not take kindly to being ignored so use your best judgment to exit the situation as quickly as possible without evading .
Do n’t forget , “ Excuse me sir .
Am I free to leave ? ”
There is no law requiring you to carry identification on foot so you are also not required to provide it in a casual encounter .
Be polite , respectful and calm and you will likely be left alone .
If asked , do not consent to any search .
Refusing a search is protected by the 4th Amendment .
As a rule , if a LEO has to ask , they do not have a warrant or probable cause to search you or your possessions .
That being said , keep any illegal paraphernalia or contraband out of sight as police do not need a warrant or cause to seize illegal items that are in plain view .
Also , do not attempt to destroy evidence .
This would constitue an exigent circumstance under which a LEO could conduct a warrantless search .
As always , do n’t answer any questions without an attorney present unless you are fully aware of your innocence and of sound mind to navigate the conversation without incrimination .
Behind the Wheel
( See bottom for an in - depth guide to smoking in your car )
The requirements while driving are quite a bit different than what is required of pedestrians .
To pull you over , a LEO must have reasonable suspicion as defined under Terry or you must have committed a traffic violation .
You must provide a state - issued Driver ’s License , vehicle registration and proof of insurance .
You are not required to answer any other questions , but to a point , cooperation can make for a friendlier encounter .
Use judgement in determining which questions may harmlessly appease the cop and which may serve to incriminate you .
Do not confess to any wrongdoing .
You may be asked to step out of your vehicle by the LEO .
Refusal is not an option but ask , “ Am I free to leave ? ” to ensure that you are actually being detained .
Here is an outline of appropriate behavior following a traffic stop :
1 . Make no visible attempts to conceal evidence unless you can do so surreptitiously ( w/o being noticed ) .
2 . Pull over fully providing the officer with enough room to safely approach the vehicle .
Turn off the car but leave the ignition set to accesory as to allow raising of the windows .
3 . Do not reach for license or registration until told to do so .
Do not store anything illegal near or with your license or registration .
Turn down music .
4 . Roll up all windows leaving the driver window open only enough to permit conversation .
5 . Do not answer any questions , especially incriminating ones , except to invoke your 4th , 5th and 6th Amendment rights .
6 . If asked to step out of the vehicle roll up your window and lock the door on the way out .
Pocket your keys .
7. Remain calm and never physically resist .
8 . Do not consent to any searches and do not confess to any wrongdoing .
9 . Ask if you are free to leave .
LEOs with few options left to bust you will often threaten to bring in the K - 9 unit .
Do not fear these claims .
If you are not being detained you are free to leave long before any K - 9 unit could get to the scene .
If you are being detained still refuse to consent to the search .
A Passenger
The law is a little vague in regards to what is required of passengers in motor vehicles .
To be safe and avoid further harassment , provide only a verbal statement of your name if asked .
You are not required to carry ID so do not provide any .
Refuse to answer any other questions and verbally invoke your 6th amendment right to an attorney before questioning in a polite and respectful manner .
If not addressed by the LEO , keep your mouth shut and your hands still .
It is important to note that in many states the arrest of a passenger gives a LEO the right to search the areas of the vehicle that are or were immediately available to the passenger , including the glovebox for front seat passengers .
In Your Residence
Your residence is the area most well protected from search and seizure under the 4th Amendment .
If a LEO knocks at your door ask from a nearby window how you may be of assistance to the officer .
Do not leave your property during the encounter .
It provides you with many protections .
If no window is present , step outside to speak to the officer and close the door behind you .
Be sure to conceal anything illegal before opening the door .
The plain sight rule always applies .
A LEO is not permitted to enter your home without a warrant unless there are exigent circumstances ( evidence of risk of physical harm to occupants , etc. )
Remain calm and respectfully invoke your 4th Amendment rights against search if the officer requests to enter .
Be as cooperative as necessary without incrimination .
If the officer asks you to simply quiet down agree to do so .
Do not confess to any wrongdoing .
Do not fear a threat of a warrant if one is not present .
Warrants require probable cause and if you ’ve followed these guidelines you should n’t have provided them with any .
IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL SEARCH WITH WARRANT :
1 . Do not consent to the search but do not resist .
There is always the possibility that the warrant is invalid but if you consent they do n’t need it anyway .
2 . Do not provide assistance in locating anything .
They cannot use this against you and there is always the possibility that they will not find anything they are looking for .
( A warrant was served on my dorm and the cops left me a bowl in my backpack . )
3 . Shut up .
4. Call an attorney .
IN REGARDS TO SNITCHING :
1 . In most cases it wo n’t help .
2 . If you ’re not yet awake and you have n’t smelled the coffee …
We are living in a police state .
Look at Professor Gates ’ case , look at the EMT who got pulled over and assualted by two Oklahoma state troopers , look at Shem Walker who got shot and killed by an undercover cop who was sitting on his stoop and refused to leave when instructed because he was wearing headphones and listening to a buy bust operation , look at David Mayo who was convicted after the cops secured a search warrant to his home based on a purchase invoice for grow lights that the cops never even had and never showed to the warrant - granting judge … the list goes on and on .
I hate that we have to be adversaries of those who we pay to protect and serve but that ’s the way it is .
Our founding fathers formed the constitution to prohibit federal police but now we have the FBI , DEA , ATF , and Secret Service .
We ’ve slowly allowed police forces to take control of our rights and we have n’t put in the proper checks and balances to keep them from becoming a bureaucratic , tyrannical force wrought with corruption .
It is our supreme duty as citizens to stand up for our rights and the rights of others who police wish to destroy .
Even dangerous drug dealers have rights and if they have theirs trampled its one step closer to complete loss of rights for all .
ITEMS TO KEEP ON YOUR PERSON TO AVOID CREATING REASONABLE SUSPICION :
– Rhoto V eyedrops ( They work the best .
Do not use as a LEO approaches you . )
– Febreze , Cologne or some form of odor neutralizer ( Apply lightly and in advance of an LEO encounter . )
– Backpack ( To conceal any item too large for your pockets . )
LOCATIONS WHERE ENTRANCE CONSTITUTES
PROBABLE CAUSE TO SEARCH :
– Airports
– International Borders
– Concerts
– Sports Arenas
– Private Property
Here ’s a link to the NORML Freedom Card ( A pocket - sized reference containing your rights when confronted by a LEO .
SMOKING CANNABIS IN YOUR CAR
This is one my favorite pastimes and also one of the things I am most paranoid about .
We all know smoking produces a fairly potent scent that tends to linger , especially within the closed confines of an automobile .
There are several things you can do to keep your in - car smoking session from becoming a police encounter .
I will also offer tips as to what you can do if you encounter police despite your best efforts at avoiding them .
This will be the most hypocritical of all advice I ever give on GC so prepare yourself … and please refrain from reminding me of how big a hypocrite I am .
In my opinion , being a hypocrite makes me just like everybody else .
Do not smoke before or while driving .
As the driver of a motor vehicle , your foremost responsibility is to maintain control of the vehicle for your own sake as well as the safety of any passengers and other drivers on the road .
Everything else takes a backseat to safety …
PUN !
Though cannabis is not as detrimental an intoxicant as alcohol , it is proven to slow reaction time .
In a sticky situation , a split second delay in reaction could be fatal .
Though many studies have shown that cannabis - intoxicated drivers are more risk - aversive and obey posted limits more often that those who are n’t intoxicated , “ high driving ” can still have serious negative consequences .
That being said , I wrote this and I do it all the time anyway .
If you ’re going to ignore this advice make sure you fully understand the potential consequences , as I do .
If you ’ve been smoking in your car your windows should be all the way down and your a / c fans should be all the way up ( a / c cooling off ) .
This allows for full circulation of air through your cabin and the a /c vents .
If you have dank , smelly bud keep it in a closed container ( not a bag ) and store it in a closed off area ( trunk is best , locked glovebox is second ) .
Pine tree car fresheners are always a good idea , especially the royal pine variety .
They mask the smell of weed like nobody ’s business .
Do not create reasonable suspicion or violate traffic law to merit a Terry stop .
This means you should never be smoking in a car with any physical deficiencies such as broken / blown out lights , old tags , rusted plates , missing mirrors , etc .
If you do it anyways you ’re asking for trouble and may the cannabis gods be with you .
Obey all laws to the letter .
If you are stopped anyway , consult the traffic stop section of this guide .
Do not forget to ask why you were stopped .
Repeat after me , “ Sir why did you pull me over ? ”
Without reasonable suspicion of a crime or violation of a traffic law , detaining you for any period of time is unconstitutional and grounds to have any subsequent arrest or search thrown out in court .
Do not spray air freshener .
It is already too late for that and it could serve as a part of reasonable suspicion , though by itself it is innocuous .
Be sure nothing illegal is in plain view and leave only your driver window down and only enough to speak to the LEO .
Do not give him enough room to stick his nose in your car .
If the LEO insists that he smells burnt marijuana , deny his claim and refuse the search if he requests .
He may decide that the smell is reasonable suspicion and decide to detain you and in limited circumstances may tell you that he is calling in the dogs .
Do not be afraid and still do not consent to a search .
Offering consent waives your 4th amendment protection against unlawful search and you are then at the mercy of the LEO .
If you refuse to consent you always have the opportunity to argue in court that the search was unconstitutional and if you forward your complaint to your local ACLU branch there is a good chance they will weigh in on the matter in some form .
The political clout of the ACLU has a tendency to sway judges to behave themselves on the bench .
Unfortunately 420 Skunk420 , there is no precedent for calling in extraneous witnesses to the scene to verify or negate claims that the odor of marijuana is present .
That being said , its definitely worth a try .
If it ever happens to you call your most reputable friend to the scene as soon as you get a chance .
As long as they do n’t obstruct justice they can be at the scene and get video evidence of everything as well .
The presence of witnesses has a chilling effect on police misconduct , especially when video cameras are involved .
The odor of marijuana does constitute probable cause to search your vehicle without a warrant .
Marijuana found in a vehicle after a warrantless search cannot be used to bolster an LEOs claim of probable cause .
In other words , the fact that you did have marijuana does not in any way justify the search in the eyes of the law .
Many defense attorneys have successfully quashed evidence from such warrantless searches when the LEO was not specifically trained to determine how long the odor lingers in a vehicle after being present or how to distinguish between those who possessed / smoked marijuana and those who were merely present at the time .
Most LEOs do not receive such training , therefore you should always encourage defense attorneys to make this argument .
Here is a bit of scientific research that could be useful for such a defense strategy .
Drugged driving laws vary widely from state to state .
For example , in Michigan ( Where I live ) I have been drugged driving every day for almost three years straight .
If I have any detectable level of THC metabolites in my body , I am drugged driving according to the law .
It does n’t matter that THC metabolites are not psychoactive .
Make an effort to know your local ordinances and state laws regarding drugged driving .
Finally …
NEVER hotbox a moving vehicle .
This is possibly the dumbest choice you could ever make while smoking in a car .
The odor of marijuana will permeate your clothes , your upholstery , and your skin .
You cannot hotbox a car and not come out smelling like a garden in full bloom .
If you want to hotbox do it while safely parked on your own property .
Note : I know the fact that weed odor constitutes probable cause is very scary .
The only time I was ever pulled over , I was currently smoking a joint of the most potent - smelling weed I have ever encountered , Cat Piss .
The windows down method saved my life .
The trooper never even hinted at smelling marijuana at all .
Do not give the odor a chance to build up and stick to surfaces in your car and you will be forever grateful that you did n’t …
Trust me .
Thank you for reading and have a good , LEO - free day !
Guide via Grasscity .
Let ’s make this the best god damned Tuesday the likes of which have never been seen .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Pentagon is training people to hack into its own computer networks .
" To beat a hacker , you need to think like one , " said Jay Bavisi , co-founder and president of the International Council of Electronic Commerce Consultants , or EC - Council .
His company was chosen by the Pentagon to oversee training of Department of Defense employees who work in computer security - related jobs and certify them when the training is complete .
The Department of Defense does not consider this hacking .
" DoD personnel are not learning to hack .
They are learning to defend the network against hackers , " said spokesman Lt. Col. Eric Butterbaugh .
But the EC - Council calls the program " Certified Ethical Hacker certification . "
The purpose of the training is to teach Defense Department employees to defend their computer network .
Almost 45,000 attacks on Defense Department computers were reported in the first half of 2009 , according to a government report .
The report estimated that for all of 2009 , the number of attacks would be up 60 percent from the previous year .
Fending off the attacks costs the Pentagon about $ 100 million .
Bavisi said the training focuses on teaching the art of hacking , using the same tools and tricks that traditional hackers use to break into computer networks .
The basic concept is Defense Department employees would use the training to hack into the department 's computers , Bavisi said .
Once the ethical hackers find the vulnerabilities that unethical hackers could use to attack , they increase the security to remove the potential threat .
He said they are like bodyguards for the Defense Department network .
Their only goal is to defend the network , even if the means of doing so are similar to those used by cyberattackers , Bavisi said .
This kind of training has been done before in the Defense Department on an ad hoc basis , said Bavisi .
Now every Defense Department agency and unit is required to include hacker training as one option for employees involved in cybersecurity .
EC - Council has 450 training partners that will handle standard " ethical hacking " training , which has been used by civilian agencies and private businesses for years .
If a Defense Department agency wants its employees to focus on a particular type of hacker training , EC - Council will perform customized training .
The training requires 40 hours of instruction and 4,500 pages of reading on the latest hacker techniques .
Bavisi said that Defense Department employees who complete the training and certification will not be assigned to use their new knowledge to hack into privately owned or civilian computers .
But he said that any kind of training , including ethical hacking , could be used for nefarious purposes .
" You can teach me to cut an apple with a knife , and I can turn around and stab you with the knife , " Bavisi said .
EC - Council will be paid a fee per student , between $ 450 to $ 2,500 depending on the extent of the training and certification .
It wo n't be clear for months exactly how many students will be trained .
Meerkats live in large social groups with one dominant breeding pair A lonely heart three - year - old meerkat has finally found love thanks to a dating website set up to find a mate .
Staff at Twinlakes Park in Melton Mowbray were running out of ideas to find female meerkat Lilly a partner after a previous deal fell through .
In a last - ditch attempt they set up meerkatmatch.com advertising her as " alert and dark - eyed " .
Since then , the site has had 74,000 hits and a breeder offered a two - year - old male from Cambridge .
The site has had 74,000 hits and the young male , named Mr Darcy by staff at the park , has joined Lilly and the pair are getting on like a house on fire , staff said .
Emma Roe , office manager and " meerkat match - maker " , said : " We were contacted by a breeder who offered us a possible match - he turned out to be perfect .
" Meerkats live in large social groups and within the group there is only one dominant breeding pair .
" He was an underdog in a mob of nine and the ideal catch for Lilly .
" Having no name we felt ' Mr Darcy ' was appropriate for our romantic hero .
She 's actually become quite possessive over him
Emma Roe , meerkat match - maker " Hopefully he will be able to woo Lilly and become topcat ! "
Park manager Sandy Gyorvari said Mr Darcy had already settled in well and had been accepted by lonely Lilly .
She said : " He 's lovely , he 's very nice mannered , and they 're getting on really well .
" Females tend to be more dominant than males so she 's bossing him about a bit , but he 's settled in really well .
" With her being on her own for a while , we were worried she had become a bit humanised and how she would react to another meerkat - she was either going to accept him or not - but it 's worked out really well .
" She 's actually become quite possessive over him . "
Ms Gyorvari said there is a plan to set up a webcam so people can watch the budding romance between Lilly and Mr Darcy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Prev 1 2 3 Next ( showing 1 - 20 of 57 )
Top Bottom Last Post buddy
moderator Male , 40 - 49
Western US
Joined : 19 yrs , 3 mos ago
25,153 Posts Somehow , I do n't think these are the original captions for these photos .
Warning : language .
leoxmary Female , 50 - 59
Midwest US
Joined : 10 yrs , 5 mos ago
407 Posts
This should be removed imfinaly 14 Male , 18 - 29
Midwest US
Joined : 10 yrs , 11 mos ago
685 Posts Hahaha nice ( : JustinXV Male , 18 - 29
Eastern US
Joined : 14 yrs , 11 mos ago
29,573 Posts LMAO ...omg , I love it .
RAN .
Male , 18 - 29
Western US
Joined : 10 yrs , 7 mos ago
1,315 Posts
LMFAO ! HaroldtheBat Female , 18- 29
Western US
Joined : 15 yrs , 7 mos ago
27,379 Posts
LMFAO ! [ image ]
# 16 # 16 Phaidris Male , 18 - 29
Midwest US
Joined : 15 yrs , 5 mos ago
13,993 Posts
Wow , these were n't funny at all .
glennh70 Male , 40 - 49
Europe
Joined : 17 yrs , 7 mos ago
33,900 Posts
This should be removed
why ?
why ?
freakydress Female , 18 - 29
Europe
Joined : 11 yrs , 9 mos ago
245 Posts lol^^ anthraxrocks Male , 18-29
Southern US
Joined : 13 yrs , 1 mos ago
8,414 Posts
This should be removed
" Congress shall make no law regarding ... "
YT is an American site , so it does n't matter .
BoredVille is too .
" Congress shall make no law regarding ... " YT is an American site , so it does n't matter .
BoredVille is too .
ErisD Female , 30 - 39
Southern US
Joined : 10 yrs , 5 mos ago
1 Posts
This should be removed
Poor baby .
Can your all powerful and all mighty God ( who created the universe , you , the internet , and this web site ) not stand up to a bit of mockery ?
Is it going to make him go running and crying ?
He must be a pretty pathetic and weak God , then , if he can't stand up to someone making some goofy pictures of his kid .
Hell , people make goofy pictures of me all the time and I do n't go crying .
It 's because I 'm more mature than your cry -baby spoiled 5 - year - old tantrum throwing God .
Poor baby .
Can your all powerful and all mighty God ( who created the universe , you , the internet , and this web site ) not stand up to a bit of mockery ?
Is it going to make him go running and crying ?
He must be a pretty pathetic and weak God , then , if he can't stand up to someone making some goofy pictures of his kid .
Hell , people make goofy pictures of me all the time and I do n't go crying .
It 's because I 'm more mature than your cry -baby spoiled 5 - year - old tantrum throwing God. hamletsghost Female , 30 - 39
Australia / NZ
Joined : 11 yrs , 4 mos ago
46,372 Posts
I would n't mind knowing what the original captions were - some of the pictures were just plain odd ..
JGB Male , 13 -17
Midwest US
Joined : 10 yrs , 6 mos ago
213 Posts Jesus is a frikin jerk .
LMAO Pathend Male , 18 - 29
Western US
Joined : 10 yrs , 5 mos ago
1 Posts
This should be removed
Yeah , but it wo n't .
And why ?
Because Jesus is a jerk .
Yeah , but it wo n't .
And why ?
Because Jesus is a jerk .
shyguy 11511 Male , 18 - 29
Eastern US
Joined : 16 yrs , 11 mos ago
171 Posts ErisD wrote :
Poor baby .
Can your all powerful and all mighty God ( who created the universe , you , the internet , and this web site ) not stand up to a bit of mockery ?
Is it going to make him go running and crying ?
He must be a pretty pathetic and weak God , then , if he can't stand up to someone making some goofy pictures of his kid .
Hell , people make goofy pictures of me all the time and I do n't go crying .
It 's because I 'm more mature than your cry -baby spoiled 5 - year - old tantrum throwing God .
wow so you 're mature yet you have to put a little rant up like a 2 year old just because someone might not like the mockery of something they have faith in ?
whether you believe in jesus or buddha or your own vag for all i care , have a little respect , if they 're allowed to post something like this people can say it offends them as well .
grow up and show that maturity .
Koto Female , 18- 29
Southern US
Joined : 14 yrs , 11 mos ago
3,971 Posts
This should be removed
No , it should n't .
No , it should n't .
FiachraH Male , 18 - 29
Europe
Joined : 10 yrs , 5 mos ago
1 Posts wow so you 're mature yet you have to put a little rant up like a 2 year old just because someone might not like the mockery of something they have faith in ?
whether you believe in jesus or buddha or your own vag for all i care , have a little respect , if they 're allowed to post something like this people can say it offends them as well .
grow up and show that maturity .
How about you shut the drat up ?
We can make a mockery about anything we drating want to , and that includes your retarded faith , its nothing but a load of poo and anyone that believes in it truly does not deserve the brain in thyre heads , if jesus ever did come back id kill the private part again RandyAddict Male , 18 - 29
Canada
Joined : 11 yrs , 1 mos ago
3,896 Posts
This should be removed
Poor baby .
Can your all powerful and all mighty God ( who created the universe , you , the internet , and this web site ) not stand up to a bit of mockery ?
Is it going to make him go running and crying ?
He must be a pretty pathetic and weak God , then , if he can't stand up to someone making some goofy pictures of his kid .
Hell , people make goofy pictures of me all the time and I do n't go crying .
It 's because I 'm more mature than your cry -baby spoiled 5 - year - old tantrum throwing God .
God did n't create the internet , you retard .
I suggest learning some common sense before you go out and attack something you know nothing about .
God did n't create the internet , you retard .
I suggest learning some common sense before you go out and attack something you know nothing about .
hamletsghost Female , 30 - 39
Australia / NZ
Joined : 11 yrs , 4 mos ago
46,372 Posts
I wish some of these noobs would learn how to quote ...
Shigeo Male , 18 - 29
Europe
Joined : 11 yrs ago
49 Posts I like ( read - do n't like ) how every time you mention religion in one or another way it starts a discussion .
And everyone who contributes to the discussion is guilty no matter what god , science or flying spaghetti monster they believe in .
Getting sick and tired of it to be honest .
Wish I did n't take the day of that sunday ...
Top
Prev 1 2 3 Next ( showing 1 - 20 of 57 )
Your biggest tax issue for 2010 and beyond could very well be something you ’ve never even heard about : nexus .
But the tax risk is n’t from the increased IRS audit force , or the hundreds of federal tax law changes that happen every year .
The tax issue is with your state .
Or the state next door .
Or a state you ’ve never even visited .
If you have a business , you are taxed based on where your state has nexus .
Nexus means connection .
If you have a business located in Texas , you have nexus in Texas .
That means if you sell something to someone who lives in Texas you should collect and pay sales tax to the state .
Of course , that ’s assuming that the product is subject to sales tax .
If you sell something to someone who lives in Oregon but you do n’t have any connection , or nexus , with Oregon , you do n’t have to collect and pay sales tax .
On the surface that sounds pretty straightforward .
But in our current economic times , everything has gotten more confusing .
YOU Are the Only Economic Stimulus Plan Most States Have
Let ’s face it .
Almost every state is looking at budget deficits .
That means fewer services and more taxes .
States are looking for new and different ways to raise taxes .
They ’re also looking for ways to increase their tax reach to the residents of other states .
That ’s where nexus becomes so important .
If another state can prove you have a foothold in their state , they can make you responsible for collecting and paying sales tax and perhaps even paying that state ’s income tax .
What is Your Nexus Footprint ?
If you have nexus in another state , then you have a nexus foot print .
A survey of product sellers by Sabrix ( a sales tax software provider ) found that 95 % of all businesses ( small , medium and large ) had underestimated their nexus footprint .
Out of 100 companies , 95 had it wrong .
Your business could easily have more than one nexus footprint .
Here are some common things that might create nexus for you :
Hiring an employee
Having a tradeshow
Owning real or tangible personal property
Having a sales function
When it comes to nexus – what you do n’t know , can hurt you !
What Now ?
The first step is to determine where you might have a nexus issue .
Then , come clean with the least amount of tax fuss as you can .
You will probably need a tax professional helping you with this step .
First , though , discover how much of a risk you have .
You can find helpful checklists and information in Smart Business Stupid Business .
About the Author : Diane Kennedy , CPA is the co-author of “ Smart Business Stupid Business ” and 7 other books .
Find out more about nexus and other critical business topics to make your business smarter !
You can find Diane at www.SmartBusinessStupidBusinessOnline.com, www.USTaxAid.com and via twitter at Twitter.com /DianeKennedyCPA .
Analysis
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News
The protracted legal case ended with a 3 - 2 ruling in favour of the government
In the end it came down to the narrowest of margins .
If just one of five Law Lords had voted differently , the people of the Chagos Islands would have been contemplating a return to their homeland in the Indian Ocean .
But for that one vote , the British government would have been facing a multi-million pound bill to enable the Chagossian exiles to go home and rebuild their lives .
The case , which went 3 - 2 in favour of the government , was argued with references dating as far back as the Magna Carta and Shakespeare 's Richard II .
The core issue , however , was quite simple : " Was the British government acting lawfully when it declared in 2004 that nobody had the right of abode in the Chagos archipelago and that therefore anyone wanting to go there had to get an immigration permit ? "
To put the question into proper context it is necessary to go back to the 1960s when the British government agreed that the US should take over the island of Diego Garcia as an air base .
The islanders , numbering about 2,000 , were removed by the simple means of denying them any supplies .
The British government bought the company that employed them to harvest coconuts into fibre and lamp oil and then told them the business was closed .
The islanders were dumped in Mauritius and an Immigration Order preventing anyone from going back was issued in 1971 .
Lord Hoffmann said the islanders were victims of global politics
As Lord Hoffmann , one of the judges who has now finally ruled against the Chagossians , remarked in his judgment : " Into [ their ] innocent world there intruded , in the 1960s , the brutal realities of global politics . "
It was only later compensation was paid - first £ 695,000 in 1973 and then , after protests , another £ 4 m in 1982 .
British citizenship was also given to many in 2002 .
Regardless , the islanders continued to protest and the British courts began to side with them .
In 2000 a court held that the Immigration Order was unlawful and it was said of the commissioner who issued it that he was supposed to govern , not remove the people .
It withdrew the 1971 order and in fact allowed islanders the right of return , but nobody could exercise it because there was nothing to go back to .
The then foreign secretary Robin Cook was embarrassed and set up a feasibility study to see if the people could return to some of the outer islands .
Diego Garcia was out of bounds because of the US air base .
But the report , published in 2002 , was sceptical any long - term settlement could be established .
' Legitimate expectation '
Then in 2004 the government made a new order that nobody had a right to live in the British Indian Ocean Territory , and citing fears of terrorism in the post 9/11 world , it said a permit would be needed to go there .
To get round the problem of the 1971 order not being legal , the government acted by royal prerogative , the residual executive power exercised by a government through the Crown .
The new order was then declared unlawful by a divisional court , which described it as " irrational " because it did not take the interests of the islanders into account .
This was supported by the Appeals Court , which said that Mr Cook had created a " legitimate expectation " of a return that had not been satisfied .
And so the case went up the House of Lords Appeal Committee for a final ruling .
The islanders argued on two points .
They claimed the government had no right to evict them .
Their lawyer quoted the Magna Carta - the 1215 accord between King John and the barons , which is the basis of many of the freedoms enshrined in English law - saying : " No freeman shall be taken , or imprisoned , or exiled , or any otherwise destroyed , but by the lawful judgment of his peers , or by the law of the land . "
They also returned to the argument that the British responsibility to carry out " good governance " , as the colonial law put it , could not mean their eviction .
The government replied by saying that the royal prerogative was " primary law " and could not be challenged by the courts .
The majority opinion in the House of Lords , expressed in the opinion of Lord Hoffman , held that while the royal prerogative could be challenged in court , in this case , the government was right .
" The right of abode is a creature of the law .
The law gives it and the law may take it away , " he ruled .
There are 65 islands in the Chagos archipelago
As for the issue of " good governance " , he rejected the argument that this meant the interest of the islanders alone had to be considered .
Lord Hoffman said there were wider interests , and wrote : " Her Majesty in Council is therefore entitled to legislate for a colony in the interests of the United Kingdom . "
He also said the government was entitled to take into account the interest of its ally , the United States .
Lord Hoffmann was joined by two of the four other justices .
The minority opinion , as written by Lord Bingham , echoed some of the scathing criticism of the government in the lower courts .
Dismissing the government 's security concerns about letting islanders return , he wrote that despite " highly imaginative letters written by American officials , it was not said that the criminal conspiracy headed by Osama bin Laden was , or was planning to be , active in the middle of the Indian Ocean " .
Lord Bingham said the royal prerogative did not entitle the government to " exile an indigenous population from its homeland " .
And he held that Robin Cook had indeed created an expectation the islanders might return : " [ They ] were clearly intended to think , and did , that for the foreseeable future their right to return was assured .
The government could not lawfully resile from its representation without compelling reason , which was not shown . "
Lord Mance , who supported Lord Bingham in the minority opinion , quoted Shakespeare to the government on the miseries of exile .
Richard II , he recalled , had exercised the then power of the king to impose such a sentence on the Duke of Norfolk , who replied : " A heavy sentence , my most sovereign liege , And all unlook'd for from your Highness ' mouth . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Libertarianism , Property Rights and Self - Ownership
OK , I ’m going to try to raise the philosophical tone of this whole libertarian thing .
It ’s the least I can do .
Snarking is a base motive , after all .
Jacob Levy has earnestly maintained in comments that it is unfair to judge libertarianism by the standard of Bryan Caplan ‘s attempts to turn the Gilded Age into a Golden Age of ladyfreedom , and I would just like to say that , in a sense , Jacob is perfectly correct .
Let me make this first point briefly ( because lord knows this post is going to be long enough ) .
Sometimes people distinguish ‘ thin ’ and ‘ thick ’ .
‘ Thin ’ is the kind of ‘ propertarian ’ libertarian that Caplan ca n’t be because the whole inability to make contracts / own your own property thing is a straight - up deal - breaker .
‘ Thick ’ is the kind of libertarian Caplan ca n’t be because of all the Mill stuff in my previous post : ca n’t let society play the tyrant .
It ’s perfectly reasonable for Jacob to maintain that if you are going to pillory libertarianism , in a theoretical sense , you should pick one or the other of these two sorts – or both .
But Caplan is neither , in his arguments about women ’s freedom under coverture .
What is Caplan really ?
I dunno .
I suppose he ’s a momentarily strayed ‘ propertarian ’ , although I ’m happy for him to speak for himself on this point .
But Brad DeLong and others fire back that it ’s reasonable to hold libertarianism to account for the bad company that keeps it .
Well , I dunno .
I agree that it calls for diagnosis , but you still want to keep the theoretical point separate .
Maybe that will even help with the diagnosis .
Here goes .
I think it is not generally recognized – it seems right to me , correct me if I am wrong !
– that the thick / thin libertarian distinction , even though it can be fuzzy , in practice , marks out two fundamentally distinct kinds of political philosophy , based on totally different principles .
This gets disguised because there is considerable overlapping consensus at higher levels ; and the thin side , in particular , tends to be systematically confused about where it is coming from ( where it has to be coming from , to be what it is ) .
Once we see this , a few things that are a bit strange about libertarianism , as a sociological phenomenon , look less strange .
Also , maybe it turns out that libertarianism is a Bigger Tent than liberalism , philosophically , even though it is sometimes classed as a mere fringe of the liberal tent .
Liberalism really is one kind of thing , broadly speaking .
But not libertarianism – which is really two fundamentally different kinds of thing in one .
( You could debate that , arguing that liberalism , too , has some pretty serious and deep internal divisions .
But that ’s not today ’s topic . )
Let ’s start with a paper that was recommended in comments to my last thread .
Samuel Freeman , “ Illiberal Libertarians : Why Libertarianism is not a Liberal View ” , Philosophy and Public Affairs , 30 , 2 ( Spring 2002 ) , 105 - 151 .
[ Sorry , subscribers only . ]
Jacob
Levy hints in comments that he does n’t really like it .
I can guess why , in part .
Even if some forms of libertarianism are illiberal , others are perfectly liberal .
It ’s a bit annoying , if you are a liberal libertarian , that Freeman does n’t acknowledge this .
But if we grant this point , and extract what is right from Freeman ’s analysis , I think we arrive at my point .
Freeman argues that libertarianism – the illiberal sort – is better classed as a form of feudalism .
And that ’s right ( so long as you are careful about what you mean by ‘ feudal ’ .
More about that in a moment . )
So we really need to recognize that libertarianism can run the gamut from feudalism to J.S. Mill ’s On Liberty .
That ’s really pretty weird .
Now : why would libertarianism be a form of feudalism , of all things ?
Here I would like to offer an argument of my own , which I came up with reading Jan Narveson ’s The Libertarian Idea , a couple years back , which dovetails with Freeman ’s argument .
He discusses Narveson quite a bit along the way and has thereby gotten me off my butt , to write out these old thoughts .
( Pardon me if someone else has already made this argument , or nearly .
It seems like the sort of thing that someone has probably already tried on for size .
I am not a literature hound on this stuff . )
Libertarians – propertarians , anyway – rather notoriously maintain that you really ought to be able to sell yourself into slavery , if you want to .
After all , you ’re your property .
You should be able to dispose of yourself as you see fit .
( Some libertarians do n’t go so far but many do .
Nozick , for example .
I think it ’s pretty hard to resist this conclusion , in princpled fashion , once you ’ve bought the strong self - ownership principle . )
Now : suppose we drop , experimentally , just the libertarian ‘ self - ownership ’ assumption , while keeping the ownership model .
Imagine a society in which everyone belongs to their parents , at birth .
( Or , if their parents belong to someone , to their parents ’ owners . )
The libertarian logic of this is clear enough , I trust .
( I do n’t say all libertarians should be bound by logic to embrace this vision of utopia on the spot , but they ought to recognize libertarianism , minus assumed self - ownership , as a form of the philosophy they advocate , albeit an extreme form . )
You did n’t make yourself .
You are not the sweat of your brow .
Someone else made you .
And people are the sort of things that can be owned .
So you are a made - by - someone - else thing .
And made to be owned .
Why should n’t you be born owned by whoever went to the trouble ( two someones ? )
It would be kind of fun to sketch a hyper - propertarian society , organized along these lines .
It ’s not obvious how such a society would work .
Obviously it could work ( or fail to ) in a lot of different ways .
It would n’t have to turn out radically differently than what we ’ve got now .
Most parents love their children , so they would free them – officially at birth , or when they turned 18 or whatever .
But it could turn out quite differently , if different social patterns developed .
You could have your free children and also your slave children , and you might regard them very differently .
This utopia does n’t seem likely to shape up as a more free society than the one we ’ve got , by any ordinary stretch of our ordinary notions of freedom .
It would n’t be terribly surprising if it turned out radically … feudal .
Libertarianism , in this extreme form , could turn out to be the road to serfdom .
But beyond that , it would be quite feudal in the sense that Freeman actually has in mind , which is not the serf - sense .
He means that political power is privately held .
And a bit more .
I ’ll just quote Freeman :
Under feudalism , the elements of political authority are powers that are held personally by individuals , not by enduring political institutions .
These powers are held as a matter of private contractual right .
Individuals gradually acquire the power to make , apply , and enforce rules by forging a series of private contracts with particular individuals or families .
Oaths of fealty or service are sworn in exchange for similar or compensating benefits .
Those who exercise political power wield it on behalf of others pursuant to their private contractual relation and only so long as their contract is in force .
Since different services are provided to people , there is no notion of a uniform public law that is to be impartially applied to all individuals .
( 148 )
In other words :
Libertarianism resembles feudalism in that it establishes political power in a web of bilateral individual contracts .
Consequently , it has no conception of legitimate public political authority nor any place for political society , a “ body politic ” that political authority represents in a fiduciary capacity .
( 149 )
Now , to repeat : this Freeman sense has nothing to do with serfs ( hence nothing to do with , say , Marx ’s view of feudalism as tied up with serfdom . )
Freeman emphasizes that feudal Japan , for example , fit his ‘ web of bilateral individual contracts ’ feudal model , but they did n’t have a lot of serfs around the place .
Nevertheless , when we add a bunch of actual serfs to the picture – by making everyone be owned by someone else at birth – it is n’t hard to imagine the place could start shaping up as really , really feudal .
Maybe in a 21st Century sort of way .
( Or a 23rd Century way . )
But of course libertarians just do n’t think you should be owned by someone else at birth .
But why not ?
Because freedom , that ’s why .
But seriously .
Suppose an inhabitant of this feudal libertarian utopia objected to not being able to own his own children .
Because creeping socialism , that ’s why !
( What will they take away from me next ? )
The government is stepping in and taking property , without compensation , and redistributing it to – well , to the property .
And a very undeserving sort of moocher it looks , there in its crib .
This welfare scheme – taking things from owners and giving them to themselves – is sure to lead rampant child abuse , typical liberal self - defeating perverse consequences idiocy .
( Anyway , why should there even be an agency with the authority to take and redistribute property in this extremely expansive and unwarranted fashion ? )
Now , to repeat , libertarians do n’t have to buy this hyper - propertarian scheme , by any means .
But I think libertarians should admit that it is a libertarian scheme .
It ’s roughly half of what libertarians believe , plus an argument that the other half is really inconsistent with the half we are keeping , hence ought to be let go .
Let ’s get some quotes in here ( I ’m getting them out of Freeman , who sees basically the same features in these ideas that I am bringing out by my thought - experiment ) .
Jan Narveson : “ Liberty is Property … the libertarian thesis is really the thesis that a right to our persons as our property is the sole fundamental right there is ” ( p. 66 ) .
And Murray Rothbard :
In the profoundest sense there are no rights but property rights … .
Each individual , as a natural fact , is the owner of himself , the ruler of his own person .
Then , “ human ” rights of the person . . . are , in effect , each man ’s property right in his own being , and from this property right stems his right to the material goods that he has produced .
( Property and Market , 238 ) .
Now obviously this is strictly inconsistent with making everyone someone else ’s property ( at least at the start ) ; but only incidentally inconsistent : just as the question of who owns which house or car is hardly essential to the general idea of private property ownership , so the question of who owns which person ought to be separable from the general idea of libertarianism – which is , simply , that there are no rights but property rights .
And liberty is but one form of ( alienable ) property , albeit a very important form of property .
What Freeman says about this sort of thing – the very thing I thought reading Narveson – is that it turns out that libertarianism is n’t about the importance of liberty .
It ’s about the nature of rights and property .
The response to this would surely run , rather angrily , as follows .
Narveson : “ The idea of libertarianism is to maximize individual freedom by accounting each person ’s person as that person ’s own property ” ( p. 175 ) .
I am sure that Rothbard and Nozick would chime in with more of the same .
The obvious problem with making everyone belong to their parents , rather than themselves , is that you do n’t maximize individual freedom that way .
Hence the problem with dropping this crucial element of libertarianism , then complaining that libertarianism is n’t about liberty , is that of course a philosophy will lack any bit that you ’ve gone and carved out of it .
But this is too quick .
That ’s a very funny sentence from Narveson I quoted .
Compare :
The idea is to maximize individual freedom by locking everyone up .
The idea is to maximize individual freedom by a punch on the nose .
Ok , a bit more seriously :
The idea is to maximize individual freedom by providing a guaranteed minimum income and generous social welfare programs from cradle to crave .
And a bit more simply :
The idea is to maximize individual freedom .
Now , plausibly , you can do all these things , if you choose .
To maximize freedom by locking everyone up , I suppose you would try to build the very most open - ish , least restrictive sort of jail you could devise .
To maximize freedom by punching noses , I guess you would study the ways of the Batman , or something .
What is far from obvious , obviously , is that doing either of these things equates to maximizing individual freedom .
Period .
And the same goes for maximizing individual freedom by accounting everyone their own property .
You can set out to do this by attempting to devise the most smooth and efficient system for treating everyone as their own property .
But it obviously does n’t follow that this is the way to maximize individual freedom .
Period .
It ’s more plausible that you will maximize freedom by treating everyone as their own , alienable property than by punching them in the nose , but it ’s not self - evident that you can do it either way .
Maybe people would be more free , on the whole , if you do something else entirely .
So what do libertarians believe ?
1 ) That we should maximize freedom .
2 ) That we should get the most freedom we can , by treating liberty as property , and everyone as their own property ( at least at the start ) .
3 ) That in fact treating liberty as property , and everyone as their own property , necessarily will ( or will tend to ) maximize freedom .
4 ) That we should treat liberty as property , and everyone as their own property .
I take it that pretty much all libertarians would like to believe all of 1 - 4 .
This is what makes them a family .
But 3 ) is not a normative principle of political philosophy so much as a falsifiable hypothesis .
Suppose there ’s a problem with 3 ( we ’re getting there ) .
That will create a split .
Some libertarians will stick with 1 ) .
Those are the liberal libertarians , the ‘ thick ’ sort , like J.S. Mill .
Some others , on the other hand , will stick with 4 .
That is , there are no rights but property rights .
Liberty is property .
And everyone is their own property .
This makes for a very serious and fundamental philosophic split down the middle , to put it mildly .
Because 4 can be regarded as a kind of feudalism + minimum welfare state : everyone is given one lump - sum gubmint handout at birth – herself .
Feudalism + welfarism is a cheeky formula for thin libertarianism , to be sure .
But it brings out its genuine kinship with other views like : your parents owns you at birth .
The king owns you at birth .
God owns you at birth .
The local lord owns you at birth .
These ‘ propertarian ’ variants are but one step from propertarian libertarianism .
Yeah , but that one step is a doozy , freedom - wise .
Let me quote Freeman again , quoting libertarians advertising their positions .
Libertarians commonly announce their view with such claims as , “ The only relevant consideration in political matters is individual liberty ” ( Narveson , p. 7 ) ; or “ Libertarians agree that liberty should be prized above all other political values ” ( Machan , p. vii ) ; or “ The idea of libertarianism is to maximize individual freedom ” [ Narveson again ] .
Nozick , more cautiously , makes no such general claim .
But he does contend that “ liberty upsets patterns ” of distribution ( ASU , p. 160 ) , and argues as if anyone with a proper regard for liberty should see that patterned theories of distributive justice violate a commitment to freedom
The question is really what ‘ liberty ’ means .
That last thought from Nozick is nice , because a defender of my hyper - propertarian utopia would no doubt deploy this thought against any socialistic scheme to redistribute babies to themselves .
This sort of ‘ patterned theory ’ of distributive justice – everyone gets 4 limbs and a mewl , to have for their very own , at birth – violates proper regard for ‘ liberty ’ .
Everyone owning themselves is a flagrant violation of liberty .
What sense of ‘ liberty ’ is operational here ?
Freeman :
Libertarians may reply that the enforcement of a person ’s rights is not coercive interference with others ’ lives .
“ Coercion ” in their account is not just any use of force but the aggressive interference with another ’s rights .
People are not coerced when prevented from actions ( such as trespass or theft ) they have no right to perform .
This moralized definition of ‘ coercion ’ may accord with common usage in some cases , but to extend this manner of speaking to all cases has peculiar consequences .
( 124 )
Obviously , no one is in favor of someone ‘ taking someone else ’s life ’ – to focus on a paradigmatically extreme sort of aggressive violation .
But if the life animating your biological organism does n’t necessarily belong to you , because it is a piece of alienable property , we ca n’t just go assuming the killer was n’t ‘ taking his own life ’ , i.e. killing a slave that properly belonged to him .
And libertarians are ok with ‘ taking your own life ’ , if you want to .
And :
What of libertarian declarations that “ people interfere with each other ’s liberty as little as possible ” ( Narveson , p. 32 ) ?
This declaration cannot mean that libertarians seek to minimize the number of interfering actions .
It is easy to imagine a libertarian society without popular support , where the majority of people do not accept ( because they cannot afford to ) its absolute property rules , are prone to forage for their subsistence , and meet with constant and regular interference because of legal trespass or theft .
The point of libertarian arguments for minimizing interference is to keep to a minimum , not interfering actions , but the kinds of political duties we have , and in particular any enforceable obligations to transfer market - acquired holdings to benefit the disadvantaged .
( 126 )
Jim Crow , for example .
The social - legal lot of women in the U.S. in the 19th Century is a less extreme case , but similarly illustrative .
There is a very brief , oddly Buddhistic way to put this : if liberty means non-frustration of the exercise of legitimate property rights , you can be made perfectly free by being completely relieved of all property , including your own life .
( Just as Buddhists may say that the route to freedom is killing all your desires , so they can not be frustrated . )
So : not only is slavery in principle acceptable to a libertarian ( propertarian ) , the slave remains , technically , completely at liberty , even at the moment he is killed with impunity by his master .
( His master has no duty to transfer title to the market - acquired slave ’s life back to the disadvantaged slave . )
Whatever the merits of this view , it is radically at odds with our ordinary notions of freedom , to say the least .
( We could dispute what those ordinary notions are , or should be : but ‘ slavery is freedom ’ is not among them . )
Libertarians are , of course , not interested in maintaining that ‘ slavery is freedom ’ any more than liberals , but – because this is so – they really have to drop the advertisement that libertarianism ( of the propertarian sort ) aims at maximizing freedom , or minimizing people ’s interferences with each others ’ freedom .
It does so only in the tricksy , Buddhistic sense .
To review .
Why wo n’t libertarians like my ideal , hyper - propertarian utopia ?
Because it does n’t maximize freedom , that ’s why .
But it does , in a technical sense .
If everyone is a perfect slave , infringements of liberty are reduced to zero , by definition .
OK , fine .
We mean the ordinary sort of freedom .
The sort we actually want .
Fine , but now why stop at giving people themselves , and nothing else ?
This might get us only to Jim Crow , or to the lot of women in the 19th Century .
That ’s not freedom in the ordinary sense .
So obviously we need to keep going along this path , if the goal really is to optimize the supply of liberty , and make sure everyone has essential access to that basically equal supply .
The hypothesis that you actually will do this just by giving everyone self - ownership , and letting the market take it ’s course , is empirically implausible .
It is predictable that there will be ‘ market failures ’ , and it is implausible that those failures can never be corrected except in self - defeating fashion , i.e. by creating greater loss of liberty on some other front .
It just is n’t that hard to end Jim Crow without accidentally enslaving the white people , as an unintended consequence .
So if ‘ society is playing the tyrant ’ , in Mills ’ sense , and you – a libertarian – do n’t feel obliged to do anything about it , you are giving up on the ideal of freedom , except in this highly technical sense that really does n’t have much appeal .
Slavery can be freedom .
Turning this point around : if libertarians stick to their ‘ thin ’ guns they are sticking with feudalism + minimum welfare state and letting go of any ideal of liberty , in any ordinary sense .
There is no other philosophical reason to stick with that position .
( More realistically , you are elaborately apologizing for the status quo . )
On the other hand , if libertarians stick with the ideal of maximizing ( optimizing ) the stock of freedom – making sure there is as much of the stuff as is consistent with everyone having that amount of it – then you are like Will Wilkinson or Jacob Levy .
Namely , you have no fundamental philosophical disagreements with a great many liberals , only an instrumental , policy dispute over the best means of achieving what is basically a liberal end .
You find yourself in the position of agreeing with ‘ thin ’ libertarians about a lot of policy questions , because you think that 3 ) is often basically true , even though it is n’t some sort of conceptual truth or absolute normative principle .
You think liberals are perversely obstinate about resisting market solutions ; but you are philosophically at odds with ‘ thin ’ libertarianism because you are in favor of liberty , whereas at bottom those others have this funny sort of feudalism + welfare thing going on .
Which they are concealing under screwy usage of words like ‘ liberty ’ and ‘ coerce ’ that pretends to be no-nonsense usage .
Let me finish with a final note about the case of Bryan Caplan .
I honestly feel a bit bad about having snarked at him so severely because , after I did that , I remembered that I have actually met him .
( Hey , he does n’t look anything like that picture up on EconLog . )
And he seemed perfectly friendly and nice , and we got along fine , which causes me to feel irrationally remorseful for my high - handed mockery .
Which does n’t make a bit of sense , because either snarking is ok or it is n’t .
And I do n’t retract a word of my complaint , philosophically .
But I think we can see the source of his error , possibly , in light of my brilliant analysis .
Caplan is , I am pretty sure , a ‘ thin ’ libertarian .
Self - ownership and the market and non-aggression and no fraud .
The minimum libertarian package .
He has this idea that men , in the 19th Century , in the US , were closer to his libertarian ideal than men today .
Because less government and lower taxes , pretty much .
He has been trying to make out that , functionally , if not strictly legally , the lot of women was not so much worse than that of men .
Conclusion : women back then still better off , libertarian - wise , than women today .
This is n’t plausible , for all the tons of reasons that have been piled on , and you are n’t really allowed to reason this way anyway , as a libertarian .
As Jacob keeps begging him to admit .
But the really simple problem here , which is leading to so much bafflement on the part of spectators , is that Caplan is measuring freedom in such a narrowly libertarian way .
Liberty is not being interfered with , if the exercise of your legitimate property rights is not interfered with .
But by that standard , not only might married women in the 19th Century qualify ( if we accept the ‘ put your foot down ’ and force your husband to do it form of argument ) ; but , actually , African - Americans under Jim Crow would quality .
And indeed , African - Americans in slavery might qualify , if it had only been the case that their sales had been on the up - and - up , libertarian - wise ( which they clearly were n’t ) .
That is , you ca n’t tell that there is any lack of freedom , just by looking at the pre-Civil War South , and noticing there are lots of slaves .
You have to ask : how did they get this way ?
Since Kaplan is not looking at how women in the 19th Century got into the general social state they were in , he is hardly going to conclude that there is anything necessarily ‘ unfree ’ about that state .
Unless there are high taxes in it .
In short , everyone is looking at the screamingly feudal results and saying : how the hell does this look like liberty ?
And the answer is : Caplan is a libertarian , so of course it can look strangely feudal .
That ’s because it can be completely feudal .
Jacob Levy and Will Wilkinson are pained by this , because , though they too are libertarians , the principles that they are working from – optimize the supply of liberty ( in something like the ordinary sense ) – are radically incommensurable with the principles that have to be behind Caplan ’s philosophy .
And I am sure Caplan would deny this , but I do n’t think he can , in good philosophical conscience .
UPDATE : there ’s a kind of thin / thick liberalism / propertarianism parallel that runs through the post , by implication , that does n’t fully hold , on reflection .
36 % of Copenhageners cycle to work each day A Danish hotel is offering a free meal to any guest who is able to produce electricity for the hotel on an exercise bike attached to a generator .
The Crowne Plaza Hotel in Copenhagen says the idea is to get people fit and reduce their carbon footprint .
Guests will have to produce at least 10 watt hours of electricity - roughly 15 minutes of cycling for someone of average fitness .
The hotel already produces renewable energy with solar panels on its facade .
Guests staying at Plaza Hotel will be given meal vouchers worth $ 36 ( 26 euros ; £ 23 ) once they have produced 10 watt hours of electricity , hotel spokeswoman Frederikke Toemmergaard told the BBC News website .
" Many of our visitors are business people who enjoy going to the gym .
There might be the odd person who will cycle just to get a free meal , but I do n't think people will exploit the initiative overall , " she added .
The bicycles will have iPhones attached to the handlebars measuring how much power is being generated for the hotel .
The plan , a world - first , will be launched on 19 April and run for a year , the hotel says .
Only guests staying at the hotel will be able to take part .
Copenhagen has a long - standing cycling tradition and 36 % of locals cycle to work each day , one of the highest percentages in the world , according to the website visitcopenhagen.dk " Because Copenhagen is strongly associated with cycling , we felt the bicycle would work well as a symbol of the hotel 's green profile , " Ms Toemmergaard said .
US environmental website treehugger .com recently voted Copenhagen the world 's best city for cyclists .
If successful , the electric bicycle meal programme will be extended to all Crowne Plaza hotels in the UK , the hotel said in statement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Convicted criminals in Scotland have their DNA retained indefinitely A move to allow Scottish police forces to hold the DNA of innocent people for up to six years has been thrown out by a committee of MSPs .
Labour 's amendment to the Criminal Justice and Licensing ( Scotland ) Bill would have brought Scots law in line with the rest of the UK .
But the proposal was opposed by SNP , Lib Dem and Tory members of Holyrood 's justice committee .
The amendment was rejected by five votes to three .
Under the current system , everyone convicted of a criminal offence in Scotland has their DNA retained indefinitely .
Those cleared of committing sexual or violent offences also have their DNA retained for a period of three years .
This can be extended on a rolling basis every two years if the police have concerns .
We believe that we have the balance correct with the current law
Fergus Ewing
Community safety minister Labour 's amendment , which was tabled by the party 's community safety spokesman James Kelly MSP , would have meant anyone prosecuted but later cleared of committing any crime would have their DNA retained for six years .
Mr Kelly , the member for Glasgow Rutherglen , said he believed the move would have made solving serious violent and sexual crimes easier for Scottish police forces .
He added : " I would submit that the extension of the DNA database would contribute to tracking down the 2,000 unsolved rape cases in Scotland . "
His amendment was backed by the other two Labour MSPs on the committee , but was rejected by the three SNP and sole Lib Dem and Tory members .
Liberal Democrat justice spokesman Robert Brown said the UK already held more DNA than almost any other country in Europe and said he doubted identify was an issue in any but a very small number of the " 2,000 unsolved rape cases " .
" In short , I think James Kelly 's amendments are not really supported by evidence , they are disproportionate , and they are likely to be subject to European Court of Human Rights challenge , " he added .
Bill Aitken MSP , the Tory convenor of the committee , also said he had " serious reservations " about Mr Kelly 's proposals .
Civil liberties " I do feel that what Mr Kelly is seeking to do here would be on one side undesirable , and on the other side completely contrary to the law as it stands , " he said .
Scottish Community Safety Minister Fergus Ewing said the country 's existing policy on DNA retention had been praised by the European Court of Human Rights , and prosecutors did not believe an extension of the time period was necessary .
Mr Ewing said it was important to balance the needs of the police and courts with the need to safeguard the civil liberties of the people of Scotland .
" We believe that we have the balance correct with the current law , " he added .
Earlier this month , Westminster passed Labour proposals to cap the time a non-convicted person 's DNA records can be kept on the database in England and Wales to six years .
The European Court of Human Rights had ruled that the previous position , of indefinite retention , was unlawful .
The Conservatives have already pledged to ensure the DNA profiles of innocent people arrested for minor offences in England and Wales are not retained if they win the forthcoming general election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Technically I 'm selling my virginity for money , technically that would be classified as prostitution , but it 's not going to be a regular thing , so in my head I can justify that I 'm not going to be a prostitute , " she told the paper .
New Line has set out to reboot the “ Police Academy ” franchise says The Hollywood Reporter .
The original seven - film comedy series setup the premise that due to a policy change the police department must accept all willing recruits , effectively abolishing various standards .
The films followed a group of misfit recruits including a likeable rogue , a busty blond , a small mousy woman with a loud angry voice , a gentle giant , a gun-nut and a one - man sound effects machine .
Normally set up to fail by an ambitious captain , the group always ends up saving the day for their boss – the kind yet clueless Commandant Lassard .
The first film was R-rated and took in $ 81.2 million at the domestic box - office and $ 146 million worldwide in 1984 – making it easily one of the year ’s biggest hits .
Criticisms grew , box - office shrank and the jokes got cleaner with each subsequent sequel so that by the time 1994 ’s PG - rated “ Police Academy : Mission to Moscow ” came out , it took in a mere $ 126,247 at the box - office .
It ’s hoped this reboot will not only revitalise the brand but will mix a bunch of new talent with seasoned comedy veterans .
No word yet on what tone the comedy will take – the raunchier , edgier comedy of the early films or the kid-friendly slapstick of the later ones .
Paul Maslansky , who produced the originals , will return in that capacity but no writer or director is yet attached .
Did you enjoy looking at the World through a Microscope ( Part I ) ?
Most of the pictures on this post series were taken with electron microscope and I forgot to explain what it is and how it works .
Panda is very sorry for that , so this time let ’s cite http://scienceblog.cancerresearchuk.org:
What ’s an electron microscope ?
If you looked down the most powerful light microscope in the world , you ’d be able to distinguish individual objects that are around 200 nanometres apart – roughly 1/500 the width of a human hair .
But objects closer together than that would just merge into one .
This is because the wavelength of visible light is longer than 200 nanometres .
But electron microscopes use beams of electrons , instead of light .
The wavelength of these electron beams is much shorter , allowing scientists to see structures as small as 1 nanometre ( 1 millionth of a millimetre ) .
There are two types of electron microscopes , creating different types of images for different purposes .
Transmission electron microscopes ( TEM ) fire beams of electrons straight through prepared samples of cells , picking up fine details of the tiny structures within .
This technique allows scientists to see what ’s going on deep within a cell – effectively a “ molecule ’s eye view ”  .
Scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) is slightly different .
Instead of firing beams straight through a sample , the beams are angled so they bounce off the cell surface , providing detailed three - dimensional images .
But we are here not for the in depth scientific study , right ?
Let ’s jump straight to the photos and kill boredom once again .
Enjoy !
Surface of tongue
( Bamboo leaf for David Gregory & Debbie Marshall , Wellcome Images )
“ Scanning electron micrograph of the surface of the tongue , computer - coloured red / pink . ”
Sperm developing in the testis
( Bamboo leaf for Yorgos Nikas , Wellcome Images )
“ Sperm develop in the seminiferous tubules of the testis .
The spermatids are embedded in the Sertoli cells with their tails projecting into the lumen of the tubule .
These spermatids are in the advanced stages of maturation .
One of the spermatids has two tails tails ( top right , green ) . ”
Sperm on the surface of a human egg
( Bamboo leaf for Yorgos Nikas , Wellcome Images )
“ Numerous sperm trying to to fertilise a human egg .
They are trying to find their way through the zona pellucida , the membrane that surrounds and protects the egg . ”
Close - up of midge eye
( Bamboo leaf for David Gregory & Debbie Marshall , Wellcome Images )
Close - up of part of midge head
( Bamboo leaf for David Gregory & Debbie Marshall , Wellcome Images )
Pubic louse
Head of pubic louse
Claws of pubic louse
( Bamboo leaf for David Gregory & Debbie Marshall , Wellcome Images )
Stinging hairs on a nettle leaf
( Bamboo leaf for David Liz Hirst , Wellcome Images )
“ The large stinging hairs are hollow tubes with walls of silica making them into tiny glass needles .
The bulb at the base of each hair contains the stinging liquid that includes formic acid , histamine , acetylcholine and 5 - hydroxytryptamine ( serotonin ) .
The tips of the glassy hairs are very easily broken when brushed , leaving a sharp point , which easily pierces the skin to deliver the sting . ”
Comparative thickness of human hair
( Bamboo leaf for Anne Weston , Wellcome Images )
“ This image shows the difference in thickness of human hair between different ethnic groups .
The strand of hair on the left is that of a Caucasian blond female .
The hair on the right is from an Asian male .
Hair is normally comprised of three layers , the inner medulla , the cortex and the cuticle .
The cuticle is the outermost layer and is comprised of numerous overlapping cells or scales .
The cortex makes up the majority of the hair thickness .
Interestingly , the inner medulla is not present in blond hair . ”
Tooth
( Bamboo leaf for David Gregory & Debbie Marshall , Wellcome Images )
“ Low power scanning electron microscope image of tooth surface , computer - coloured yellow on blue background . ”
Nanowire
( Bamboo leaf for Limin Tong / Harvard University )
“ Micrograph of a nanowire curled into a loop in front of a strand of human hair .
The nanowires can be as slender as 50 nanometers in width , about one - thousandth the width of a hair . ”
The nanowires could be used , in the near future , to link tiny components into extremely small circuits .
Shark skin
Source : unknown
“ An electron micrograph reveals sharkskin ’s secret to speed : tooth - like scales called dermal denticles .
Water “ races through the microgrooves without tumbling , ” says shark researcher George Burgess , reducing friction .
“ It ’s like a fast - moving river current versus the gurgling turbulence of a shallow stream . ”
The scales also discourage barnacles and algae from glomming on – an inspiration for synthetic coatings that may soon be applied to Navy ship hulls to reduce such biofouling . ” .
They also give the shark ’s skin the feel of sandpaper .
In response to this
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 17:07 ) still open
In response to this this , open up Photoshop , take a famous ( or otherwise ) piece of art , and make it ' AWESOME ' .
Thanks to The Great Architect and Patrice Ici for the suggestion . ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 17:07 )
Pages : 37 , 36 , 35 , 34 , 33 , 32 , 31 , 30 , 29 , 28 , 27 , 26 , 25 , 24 , 23 , 22 , 21 , 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 , 16 , 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ( or see the latest posts )
( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:03 , ( , Sat 20 Mar 2010 , 20:03 , More
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 18:57 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 18:57 , More
I found this , I think it should win the compo
I think it should win the compo
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 10:58 , I think it should win the compo ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 10:58 , More
( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 16:47 , ( , Mon 22 Mar 2010 , 16:47 , More
awsum wkd
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 16:44 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 16:44 , More
Subtle !
I 'll pop this here , as I 'm sure it must be a bindun
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 1:09 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 1:09 , More
oh lovely stuff :)
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 13:11 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 13:11 , More
:)
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 18:25 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 18:25 , More
Perhaps I should pea this
cfb
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 17:18 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 17:18 , More
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 23:42 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 23:42 , More
Because it was requested ...
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 20:41 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 20:41 , More
EDIT : I was not responsible for the fat David photoshop .
Just the lulz factor .
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 20:15 , EDIT : I was not responsible for the fat David photoshop .
Just the lulz factor . ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 20:15 , More
The real Trafalgar
( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 19:24 , ( , Fri 19 Mar 2010 , 19:24 , More
upgrade
bigger
sooperdooper
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 23:10 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 23:10 , More
I 've always hated this little bastard
until now
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 21:49 , until now ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 21:49 , More
And while I 'm at it ...
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 19:54 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 19:54 , More
well reminded :D
( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 21:49 , ( , Thu 18 Mar 2010 , 21:49 , More
There are few more dramatic examples of humanity 's careless treatment of the earth than the Aral Sea .
The Aral 's precipitous decline began in the 1960s , when the Soviet Union began using river water to irrigate the mega - farms it established on the arid steppe .
As the river water flowing into the sea slowed to a trickle , the Aral began drying up .
Once a colossal geographic feature — at 26,000 square miles ( 67,300 square kilometers ) , it was the fourth largest inland water body on earth in terms of surface area — the Aral shrank to hold just one - tenth of its original volume , becoming a tragic shadow of itself [ National Geographic ] .
Fisheries collapsed , people moved away , towns were abandoned , and the Aral became famous primarily for its ghostly landscapes , with rusting ships lying on sand dunes .
But now scientists report that the northern sector of the Aral is making a recovery , due to a concerted effort from the Kazakh government , the World Bank , and scientists .
A dam completed in 2005 raised water levels and decreased salinity , and increased the North Aral 's span by 20 percent .
Soon native plants , stifled for years by the saltwater , began to sprout , and migrating birds like pelicans , flamingos , and ducks again began to visit the Aral .
Nowadays , “ It ’s a paradise for birds , ” says Russian Academy of Sciences zoologist Nick Aladin , who has been studying the Aral since the 1970s .
“ It ’s a place for pleasure , and it ’s an enormous victory ” [ National Geographic ] .
Freshwater fish have also returned , leading to hopes of a resuscitated fishing industry .
And while the South Aral remains in dire straits , researchers say the tentative revival of the North Aral gives them hope .
Another sea , another headache .
Over in the Middle East , several countries are weighing a proposal that could give new life to the dwindling Dead Sea - - but that may cause environmental problems of its own .
In the past century , the Dead Sea 's surface area has shrunk by almost a third .
The Jordan River , which once fed the super - salty lake , has been tapped for irrigating and drinking water by Israel , Syria , and Jordan ; shore - side factories that evaporate the water to extract minerals have exacerbated the problem .
Without action , the Dead Sea will continue to shrink .
But a proposal being evaluated by the World Bank could revive the lake with a 180 - kilometre - long conduit carrying water from the Red Sea 400 metres downhill to the Dead Sea through a canal , pipeline or some combination of the two .
The water 's flow would generate electricity to run a desalination plant , providing drinking water for local people [ Nature News ] .
But environmentalists are questioning the wisdom of a so - called Red -Dead connector .
Drawing vast quantities of water from the Red Sea could damage the fish and coral there , according to Friends of the Earth Middle East .
Green advocates also worry that the Red Sea water will change the chemistry of the salty Dead Sea , making life harder for the sea 's salt - tolerant microorganisms and encouraging blooms of algae that thrive in less salty water .
They argue that intensive water conservation programs could improve the flow of the Jordan River and render the expensive Red -Dead canal unnecessary .
Israeli geologist Ittai Gavrieli , who is studying the impacts of the proposed conduit , says the region has a tough decision to make .
If nothing is done , the situation will only get worse , but a Red–Dead conduit would carry with it some real risks .
The decision to stop the sea 's decline , says Gavrieli , " is a matter of choosing between bad and worse .
But the question is , what is bad and what is worse ? " [ Nature News ]
Related Content : DISCOVER : Return of the Aral Sea offers an in - depth look at the dam that 's helping the North Aral DISCOVER : Life in the Dead Sea explains how microbes survive in the salty water DISCOVER : Better Med ( or Red ) than Dead describes an earlier push for the Red - Dead canal 80 beats : Saudi to Use Plentiful Resource ( Sunlight ) to Produce Scarce Resource ( Fresh Water ) Image : NASA , showing the Aral Sea
" Fifa rules apparently state that teams must name three goalkeepers in their squad for the World Cup , " writes Joe Diaz .
" Has anyone ever used all three , or is it just a complete waste of a squad number ? "
Article 26.3 of Fifa 's World Cup Regulations ( a thrilling read if you have the time ) indeed states : " Each association will be required to provide Fifa with a final [ squad ] list of no more than 23 players ( three of whom shall be goalkeepers ) . "
The convention of naming three keepers in a squad goes back to 1934 ( the United States had named only one in their squad in 1930 ) .
Several teams changed goalkeepers mid-tournament in the early years but you have go all the way to 1974 to find the first substitute goalkeeper , when Mwamba Kazadi of Zaire conceded three goals in the first 20 minutes and was replaced by Tubilandu Dimbi ( who went on to concede another six ) .
The need to use several goalkeepers is rare – in 1990 the 24 teams used a total of 27 keepers , while as recently as 1998 the 32 sides in France used a combined 36 .
In all , only four teams have ever used three goalkeepers in a single World Cup tournament .
That 's out of 371 teams to have qualified for the finals – surely time for Fifa to change the rules .
First to use a trio of keepers were France in 1978 .
The No1 was Jean - Paul Bertrand - Demanes who played in Les Bleus ' opening game against Italy .
In the second group game against Argentina , Bertrand - Demanes smashed either his back or head ( it varies between reports ) on a post after pulling off a save and had to be replaced by Dominique Baratelli , a 31 - year - old who had made sporadic appearances since 1969 .
He conceded the winning goal against Argentina and was replaced for France 's final group game by Dominique Dropsy .
The game against Hungary was Dropsy 's debut and he would go on to win another 16 caps .
Neither Baratelli nor Bertrand - Demanes would ever play for the national side again .
Belgium went into the 1982 tournament with the eccentric ( he served a three - month ban in 1980 after elbowing a linesman in a Belgian Cup match ) but hugely talented Jean - Marie Pfaff as their first choice .
Pfaff had been welcomed , somewhat apprehensively , back to the fold after missing the 1978 European Championships because of his practical joking , but he could n't keep his inner comedian under wraps .
He was dropped following the first group stage after apparently pretending to drown in the swimming pool at the team hotel .
His replacement in Belgium 's opening game in the second group stage was Theo Custers , whose performance against Poland was so abject it was his last ( " Custers 's last stand , " notes the World Cup historian Cris Freddi ) .
For the Belgian 's final game Jacky Munaron took the gloves .
Also in 1982 , Czechoslovakia used three keepers .
Zdenek Hruska played from start to finish against Kuwait , but Stanislav Seman was preferred for the Czech 's game against England .
A calamitous performance – it would be his last for the national side – lasted 75 minutes before he broke a finger and was replaced by third - choice Karel Stromsik , who kept the No1 spot for the final group game .
The most recent team to use three goalkeepers in a single tournament were the hapless Greece side of 1994 .
The Greeks had gone undefeated through qualifying and named the experienced Antonis Minou , who had conceded only twice in five qualifiers , as No1 for the opening game against Argentina .
A 4 - 0 defeat saw 25 - year - old AEK keeper Elias Atmatsidis in goal against Bulgaria .
Another 4 - 0 defeat followed and he was replaced by 24 - year - old Christos Karkamanis for the final group game .
That brought a slight improvement in fortunes – a 2 - 0 defeat to Nigeria .
OPPOSING BROTHERS
" Kevin - Prince Boateng has opted to play for his father 's country of Ghana , while his brother Jérôme , has opted to play for his own country of birth , Germany , " writes Lee Richardson .
" With both teams drawn together in the same group this World Cup , and both players looking likely to be selected for their relevant squads , there is a good possibility of two brothers playing against each other in an international .
Has this ever happened before ? "
As several readers have pointed out , the only previous occasion on record of two brothers facing each other in an international ( and not even a full international at that ) was in February 2008 when Marseille goalkeeper Steve Mandanda lined up in goal for France A against a Democratic Republic of the Congo side that had his brother Parfair in goal .
Steve seems to have been substituted at half - time , while Parfait came on for the second half .
" Interestingly Steve was actually born in the Congolese capital Kinshasa , while Parfait was born in Nevers , France , " notes Phil Walsh .
UNATTACHED PLAYERS AT THE WORLD CUP
" According to Fifa 's official squad lists Australia 's Craig Moore does n't have a club and nor do two New Zealand players , " writes Sam Allan .
" Would they be the first unattached players to appear at a World Cup ? "
No is the short answer .
The long answer , if you 're the Knowledge inbox this week is : Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen , Gary Breen .
The centre - half was between clubs at the 2002 World Cup , his contract with Coventry City having expired .
He joined West Ham after the tournament .
More interestingly , writes Quinten Taylor , Canada 's squad in the 1986 World Cup had six unattached players – Bruce Wilson , the brilliantly named Randy Ragan , Randy Samuel , Greg Ion , Jamie Lowery and Sven Habermann – due to the demise of the NASL in 1985 where most had plied their trade .
The story of their qualification and their efforts in Mexico can be found here and here .
The United States have a history of taking players without clubs to World Cups .
" In the 1990 two players travelled to Italy while still playing college soccer in the US , " writes Evan Garcia in Santa Monica , California .
" Chris Henderson , who was at UCLA , where he won a national championship in 1990 , and went on to earn 79 caps although did not play in Italy , and midfielder Neil Covone from Wake Forest University . "
And , as Joe Tiernan and Jack Cunha point out , the bulk of the US squad in 1994 was centrally contracted to US Soccer and therefore unaffiliated to any club .
Angola 's No1 at the 2006 tournament João Ricardo had been released by Portuguese club Moreirense in 2005 and kept his fitness by training alone .
His Angola captain Akwa was in the same boat , having been released by Qatari side Al - Wakra .
It 's not really in the spirit of the question but Zinedine Zidane in 2006 , Jürgen Klinsmann in 1998 and Michael Laudrup in the same year were to retire after the tournament and had technically left their respective clubs , Fred Sullivan , Stephen Savva and Benjamin Bilde Boelsmand point out .
Boelsmand adds that Diego Maradona was without a club in 1994 ( he had played his last game for Newell 's Old Boys in December 1993 ) .
Pat Jennings retired from first - team club football in 1985 , but was in the Northern Ireland squad for the 1986 tournament , writes Phil Kayes , while Tony Cascarino was between Chelsea and Marseille while with Ireland in 1994 according to Kevin O'Brien .
A couple of unique cases to finish .
" Pat Bonner was released by Lou Macari after the last game of the 1993 - 94 season , " writes Danny O'Donnell .
" But during the summer Macari was dismissed by the new Celtic owner Fergus McCann and replaced by the Kilmarnock manager Tommy Burns .
Following his release from Celtic , if rumours were to be believed , Bonner was likely to join Burns at Kilmarnock .
However , Tommy 's move to Celtic saw Bonner return to the club for the start of the 1994 - 95 season .
Bonner , though , was not contracted during the 1994 tournament . "
And this from Mick Reynolds : " Jose Luis Brown – the World Cup - winning defender for Argentina who was released from his club Deportivo Espanol prior to the 1986 tournament .
Subsequently went on to score in the final against West Germany . "
KNOWLEDGE WORLD CUP ARCHIVE
" Is it true that Chilean players drank vodka during the 1962 World Cup because they thought it would help their chances of beating the USSR ? " asked Steven Davison back in the summer of 2006 .
Incredibly , Steven , it is .
During the group stage , the hosts employed an interesting new tactic of pre-game stereotypical eating : before the opening 3 - 1 win over Switzerland , they ate cheese , followed by a preparatory meal of spaghetti before the 2 - 0 success against Italy .
Once in the quarter - finals , the Chileans prepared for their game with the mighty Union of Soviet Socialist Republics by downing a couple of Smirnoffs .
The ploy actually worked and Chile went on to win 2 - 1 .
Coffee was the order of the day before the semi-final with Brazil , but although it perked them up no end in the morning , it could n't stop the Brazilians from winning 4 - 2 and going on to lift the trophy .
Eduardo Galeano wrote in Soccer in Sun and Shadow that Chile " gobbled down spaghetti , chocolate , and vodka , but choked on the coffee " .
For thousands more questions and answers take a trip through the Knowledge archive .
Can you help ?
" After the preliminary World Cup squads were announced last week I noticed that none of the teams who qualified for Euro 2008 can potentially name the same squad of 23 at this tournament as they did two years ago , " writes Jim McNulty .
" So , has any country ever actually managed to do this ? "
" Saarland competed as a team in the qualifying rounds for the 1954 World Cup , " writes Graham Clayton .
" Have there been any other examples of non-national teams competing in the qualifying rounds of the World Cup ? "
" While trawling through the World Cup posters from this weeks Joy of Six , I noticed that the 66 World Cup was played significantly later in the summer than the other finals , " writes Jeremy Nash .
" Any idea why ?
Were they having problems relaying the Wembley pitch ? "
" With rumours that David James is hoping to become manager of Portsmouth , and given that he has been selected for Fabio Capello 's World Cup squad , would this be the first time a club manager has played in a World Cup finals ? " wonders Rich Liddiatt .
" Who has commentated on the most World Cup games in history ? " writes Jim Arras .
" And how many times have they done it ? "
Send your World Cup questions and answers to knowledge@theguardian.com
Description :
I am very glad to say with you :
Wow , at the end , I have finished creating the full IDA signatures for Delphi 6 ( RTL/ VCL /BDE/CLX ... ) .
Rumbling again , Iceland 's volcano throws up more black smoke against the amazing backdrop of Northern Lights
Advertisement
The beauty of the Northern Lights provided a breathtaking backdrop against Iceland 's troublesome erupting volcano , which after blowing small white plumes just days ago returned to shooting thick ash and smoke .
These stunning pictures show the heavenly phenomenon of green aurora ripples above Eyjafjallajokull 's fire fountains .
The volcano that has caused so much havoc for air traffic in Britain and Europe , appeared humbled for the first time by the sky 's cascading beams of llight .
Only yesterday there were white fluffy clouds rising above Eyjafjallajokull - but these latest images suggest it 's back to shooting thick black smoke .
Dancing in the moonlight :
The aurora borealis meets Eyjafjallajokull 's fire fountains
The volcano under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier was spewing far less ash yesterday , and the black plume of smoke was low , but a change of wind direction meant the north Atlantic island 's main airports were now set to close for the first time .
It remains very much active and has been throwing magma chunks the size of cars into the air , bubbling lava and producing tremors .
Huge ash clouds from the volcano last week led to European air traffic being grounded .
Most flights have resumed , but , in a twist of fate , Iceland itself was set to be hit after managing to stay open during the worst of the chaos elsewhere .
As huge clouds of smoke continued to pump into the air , water gushed down the side of the glacier .
Seismologist Bryndis Brandsdottir said the tremors could indicate a build up of lava , or molten rock , within the crater .
' The lava can not really go anywhere .
It is not flowing out of the crater , it must be accumulating there , ' she said .
The volcano has now simmered to 80 per cent of its intensity , but scientists are warning that earth tremors could cause an even larger eruption at a neighbouring crater .
Spectacular : The Northern Lights are seen above the ash plume of Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull volcano last night
An eruption at the Katla volcano would be ten times stronger and shoot higher and larger plumes of ash into the air than its smaller neighbour .
The two volcanoes are side by side in southern Iceland , about 12 miles apart , and thought to be connected by a network of magma channels .
Katla is buried under one of Iceland 's largest glaciers , the Myrdalsjokull , which is 500 m deep .
This means it has more than twice the amount of ice than the current eruption has burned through , threatening a new and possibly longer aviation standstill across Europe .
Katla showed no signs of activity yesterday , according to scientists who monitor it with seismic sensors , but they were still wary .
The last three times that Eyjafjallajokull went off , Katla did as well .
Katla typically awakens every 80 years or so .
It last exploded in 1918 .
Aviation authorities remain deeply divided about the proper response to a massive eruption .
Many now say the decision to ground flights was an overreaction .
Blanket closure of airspace led to the cancellation of more than 100,000 flights .
European governments and civil aviation authorities have defended their decision to ground fleets and close the skies against heated accusations by airline chiefs that the moves were based on flawed data or unsubstantiated fears .
Cascading beams :
The aurora borealis , pictured above the volcano , is created by the sun 's super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the Earth
Bubbling away :
The plume of smoke remains low as the volcano erupts for its ninth day
The European Union has already moved urgently to implement a major reform of the continental air traffic management system , whose fragmentation has been blamed for the uncoordinated response to the ash cloud .
EU spokeswoman Helen Kearns said Thursday the crisis had exposed serious flaws that must be corrected quickly .
' Consumers and businesses have paid a high price over the past few days for a fragmented patchwork of airspaces , ' she said .
The EU has 27 national air traffic control networks , 60 air traffic centers and hundreds of approach centers and towers .
The airspace is a jigsaw puzzle of more than 650 sectors , and any real streamlining of the system will require at least another five to ten years .
Still , most analysts said they expected the aftershocks to subside gradually , as they did in the United States after 9/11 .
' Inevitably , when people make a decision and the events of the past week are fresh in their minds , they may think twice about flying and may opt to take the train rather than fly , ' said Richard Maslen of Airliner World , a British industry publication .
' That 's what happened after 9/11 .
But I can't see it as being a problem in the long - term because people will just not want to give up the mobility that flying affords . '
Looks can be deceiving :
White smoke instead of a thick black plume was rising from the volcano just a couple of days ago
The Northern Lights natural phenomenon , called aurora borealis , is created by the sun 's super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the Earth .
The magnetic field forces the particles toward the north and south poles .
About 60 to 200 miles overhead , the particles bump into the Earth 's atmosphere and become electrically ' excited ' - throwing off light of various colours .
Although the phenomenon occurs around the clock , the lights are only visible at night .
Lake Bonny siphon view from south .
Image credit : Queensland University of Technology
( PhysOrg.com ) -- A Queensland University of Technology ( QUT ) physics lecturer has found a 99 - year - old mistake in the Oxford English Dictionary - and is having it corrected .
Dr Stephen Hughes said he had discovered last year that the dictionary 's definition of the word siphon , and most other dictionaries ' , was incorrect .
A siphon is a tube commonly used to empty containers of liquid that are otherwise difficult or impossible to empty , such as fish tanks or petrol tanks .
Dr Hughes said the Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) since 1911 had incorrectly stated that atmospheric pressure was the operating force in a siphon when in fact it was gravity .
" It is gravity that moves the fluid in a siphon , with the water in the longer downward arm pulling the water up the shorter arm , " he said .
Now the illustrious Oxford English Dictionary 's editors are moving to have the definition corrected , after receiving an email from Dr Hughes .
He said that according to the dictionary 's website , the OED 's revision team was up to the letter R .
" I thought , 'oh good , just in time ' , because S is next , " Dr Hughes said .
The senior lecturer with QUT 's Physics Department discovered the error after viewing an enormous siphon in South Australia , which was transferring the equivalent of 4000 Olympic swimming pools from the Murray River system into depleted Lake Bonney .
Dr Hughes said the siphon had transferred 10 Gl of water over two months without a pump , using energy equivalent to running an average house for more than a year .
Video of Lake Bonney siphon
" The energy came from gravity because the water flowed to a lower level than the rise over the lake 's embankment , " Dr Hughes said .
On his return to Brisbane , he decided to write an article about the siphon for use by science teachers but discovered that every dictionary he consulted contained the same misconception that atmospheric pressure , not gravity , pushed liquid through the tube of a siphon .
" An extensive check of online and offline dictionaries did not reveal a single dictionary that correctly referred to gravity being the operative force in a siphon , " Dr Hughes said .
The Oxford English Dictionary currently defines a siphon as : " A pipe or tube of glass , metal or other material , bent so that one leg is longer than the other , and used for drawing off liquids by means of atmospheric pressure , which forces the liquid up the shorter leg and over the bend in the pipe . "
Dr Hughes said that in fact water falling down one side of the tube pulled the water up the other side .
" The column of water acts like a chain with the water molecules pulling on each other via hydrogen bonds , " he said .
Dr Hughes said some encyclopaedias also contained the same misconception as the dictionaries although Encyclopaedia Britannica had the correct definition .
Video of a water siphon in the lab
Oxford English Dictionary spokesperson Margot Charlton , replied to Dr Hughes 's email in March .
" The OED entry for siphon dates from 1911 and was written by editors who were not scientists , " Ms Charlton said .
" Our files suggest that no - one has queried the definition before .
We are revising that entire dictionary text now , and I have copied your helpful comments to the revision file , to ensure they are taken into account when the entry is rewritten . "
However , Ms Charlton said the 2005 edition of the Oxford Dictionary of English - a single volume dictionary and not to be confused with the much larger Oxford English Dictionary - did attribute a siphon 's operation to gravity .
Dr Hughes , who holds a PhD from King 's College , London , has recently published a paper on how siphons work .
" I would be very grateful if readers could let me know if the siphon misconception exists in dictionaries of other languages , and also if school teachers could let me know of either correct or incorrect definitions of the siphon in school text books , " he said .
Explore further Digging for data with Chemlist and ChemSpider
More information : Hughes , Stephen W. ( 2010 ) A practical example of a siphon at work .
Physics Education , 45 ( 2 ) .
pp. 162-166 . Hughes , Stephen W. ( 2010 ) A practical example of a siphon at work .
Physics Education , 45 ( 2 ) .
pp. 162-166 . DOI:10.1088/0031-9120/45/2/006
Wall Street is hiring again !
After hemorrhaging jobs during the crisis , the major banks have come back with a vengeance , thanks to a friendly Treasury and cheap money .
In other words , it 's too early to put to rest your dream of working in finance .
And of course , there 's only one reason to work in finance : fat paydays .
That being said , while you might have dreams of million dollar bonuses in your head , that 's not really the norm .
The payscale is very much a pyramid .
Also , bear in mind that these are salaries , and obviously if you 're on Wall Street your looking for your bonus .
Still we found the numbers interesting , so check 'em out .
During the late 1970s , DC redesigned Adventure Comics as a Golden Age - style anthology series , where each oversized issue would contain four or more different features .
It did n’t last very long — after only eight issues , it went back to a standard size and price .
The Flash , Deadman , and Justice Society features appeared in every issue , with Wonder Woman and Aquaman appearing in most of them .
Edit : I forgot to mention , these features ran through Adventure Comics # 459 –466 .
While the Flash stories in Adventure Comics were written by the regular writer on the book , Cary Bates , they took a drastically different approach .
The main series was structured around long , multi-part stories featuring the Flash and Barry Allen ’s supporting cast .
The Adventure stories were quick one - offs .
In fact , only two of the eight stories featured regular Flash villains !
Instead they featured strange monsters or bizarre situations .
It was sort of a deliberate throwback to the Silver Age during the Bronze Age .
The Adventure Comics run also spanned a period of transition for the Flash : The death of Iris Allen .
She appears in three of the early stories ( but does n’t go with Barry to his high school reunion ) , is n’t mentioned in several , and by the end , Barry is grieving for her .
The Stories
# 459 : The Crimson Comets of Fallville High – Barry Allen attends his 15th high school reunion and a former classmate picks up his identity through ESP .
# 460 : A Nightmare To Remember !
– After visiting Earth - 2 , Barry Allen finds himself in a bizarre reversed version of Keystone City , where the Shade has been elected mayor and Joan Garrick has divorced Jay and remarried the Fiddler .
# 461 : The Multiple Murders of Mapleville – Barry and Iris are traveling , and stop in a small town for gas .
Barry gets framed for murder .
There ’s a major plot hole in this one , where a gun is set up as compelling him to fire it , but the compulsion is never mentioned again .
# 462 : The She - Demon of the Astral Plane – Iris meets an old flame who is studying astral projection , and has to try it out … but an extra - dimensional creature wants to follow her back and take over her body .
# 463 : Urtumi the Image - Eater – The Flash encounters an alien monster who formed the basis of local Native American legends .
This one was weird enough I had to write it up .
# 464 : The Day Up Was Down – Abra Kadabra turns Central City upside - down — literally — looking for an applause machine .
# 465 : Who Is Invading Central City ? – A sonic boom causes the Flash to pick up telepathic transmissions from creatures who ca n’t figure out what the invading humans want .
# 466 : The Cloud With the Lethal Lining !
– The Weather Wizard turns over a new leaf and tries to use his powers to help people .
It does n’t last .
And I really should n’t be bothered by the Flash running up a lightning bolt in a story where sunspots cause the Weather Wizard to turn good , but there are limits , you know ?
Update : I ’ve added the issue numbers to the list of stories .
Share
Between blood - sucking mites and the mysterious phenomenon known as “ colony collapse disorder , ” honeybees in California have been dropping like , well , flies .
That ’s why Daniel Salisbury , 47 , says the city of Santa Monica should halt its policy of exterminating feral bees and instead legalize beekeeping and create a bee yard that would operate as a temporary holding pen for colonies awaiting relocation to agricultural zones .
At the Santa Monica City Council meeting on Tuesday , Councilman Kevin McKeown hopes to win support for a study of whether to amend or repeal the old ordinance that prohibits beekeeping .
Nationwide , millions of hives that were home to billions of bees have died over the last four years , and this year nature ’s industrious pollinators have fared even worse after a bad winter , according to an informal survey of commercial bee brokers cited by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Many brokers reported trouble finding enough hives to pollinate California ’s blossoming nut trees , which grow the bulk of the world ’s almonds .
Researchers have n’t yet figured out what causes colonies to weaken and die off , although many suspect environmental factors .
At a recent scientific conference in San Francisco , researchers reported finding traces of 121 different pesticides in beehives .
“ Unless measures are taken to protect honeybees , many fruits and vegetables may disappear from the food chain , ” Salisbury said in the preamble to an online petition to support repeal of the current ordinance prohibiting beekeeping .
Salisbury said that over the years , he has successfully relocated roughly 50 hives to San Luis Obispo .
He kept hives for about a decade at his residence in a Santa Monica trailer park , until he got caught .
“ I did n’t get cited , ” he said .
“ I just had to move the hives . ”
When he found out that city policy called for exterminating swarms of feral bees , he decided to fight for the little buzzers .
“ Why would you exterminate these bees when farmers in rural areas are begging for beehives ? ” he wondered .
According to the nonprofit Honeybee Conservancy , First Lady Michelle Obama helped propel the beekeeping movement last year when she started an organic garden at the White House , complete with two hives .
Since then , amateur beekeepers have been lobbying to overturn city ordinances outlawing the activity .
Beekeeping is legal in Atlanta , Chicago , Denver and San Francisco , among other cities .
And New York City health department officials recently legalized the keeping of the common , nonaggressive honeybee after proponents argued that hives promoted sustainable agriculture in the city .
McKeown said he recognizes that not everyone will warm to swarms of buzzing bees on apartment decks or in backyards .
“ While bees mean flowers and honey to some people , they mean stings to others , ” he said .
“ We could end up , for instance , saying we do n’t want to allow beekeeping but could allow the capture and locating temporarily at the airport . ”
martha.groves@latimes.com
By the end of his life , Samuel Langhorne Clemens had achieved fame as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi , a globe - trotting lecturer and , of course , the literary genius who wrote “ The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ” and other works under the name Mark Twain .
He was less well - known , but no less talented , as a literary critic .
Proof of it has resided , mostly unnoticed , in a small library in Redding , Conn. , where hundreds of his personal books have sat in obscurity for 100 years .
They are filled with notes in his own cramped , scratchy handwriting .
Irrepressible when he spotted something he did not like , but also impatient with good books that he thought could be better , he was often savage in his commentary .
“ The English of this book is incorrect & slovenly & its diction , as a rule , barren of distinction , ” Twain scribbled in his copy of a 1906 autobiography of Lew Wallace , the Civil War general who wrote “ Ben-Hur . ”
Now , for the first time , this little - known side of Twain ’s life , plumbed occasionally by scholars , can finally be appreciated by his fans .
In honor of the centennial of his death on April 21 , the library granted The New York Times permission to examine this trove of books and record notes and markings
Twain left behind in their margins .
With the upcoming G20 summit looming over downtown Toronto , the event is casting an increasingly larger shadow , one that now stretches as far west as Trinity Bellwoods Park .
Summit officials have chosen the park as the designated protesting area for the G20 summit on June 26 and 27 .
That means demonstrators — at least , the rule - abiding ones — will be wielding placards and shouting through megaphones from inside a 37 - acre residential park , located some two kilometres west of the summit ’s outer boundary , or so - called “ yellow zone . ”
Susan Atkinson was shocked to hear that summit organizers have decided to send hoards of protestors to her neighbourhood park .
“ I think that ’s a really bad decision , ” said Atkinson , who lives on Gore Vale Ave. along the eastern edge of the park .
“ I want to know what kind of factors they considered when they made the decision .
This is really shocking . ”
Along the groups that have already begun mobilizing , the Ontario Federation of Labour is planning a march to Trinity Bellwoods from Queen ’s Park .
The march will take place on the Saturday of the summit weekend and includes groups like Greenpeace , Oxfam Canada and the Canadian Labour Congress .
But there will certainly be several demonstrators who choose to steer clear of the designated protesting area , which is three kilometres west of the Metro Convention Centre where world leaders and dignitaries will actually be congregating .
Councillor Adam Vaughan said he is more concerned with demonstrators causing havoc around the edges of the outer yellow zone , which he says will be bordered by Queen St. , Yonge St. , Lake Shore Blvd . and Spadina Ave .
“ That will mean consequences for businesses on Queen , ” Vaughan surmised Wednesday .
“ Also , consequences for businesses inside the yellow zone . ”
Pedestrians will still be allowed inside the yellow zone , Vaughan said , but vehicles will face restrictions .
This means , for example , that theatregoers wo n’t be able to drive to the Mirvish theatres but can likely walk or take public transit there .
Vaughan said baseball fans taking the TTC to the Rogers Centre during the G20 will also have to walk south on Bay St. from Union Station and west along Lake Shore Blvd. , ultimately accessing the stadium from Rees St. Vaughan added that some sidewalks will have to be constructed along certain portions of this route .
Vaughan still has no information about the high - security zone that will encircle the convention centre , or “ red zone , ” which will likely be established with a three - metre - high fence .
He doubts this information will be released until shortly before the summit but hopes to learn more about other security measures at a town - hall meeting scheduled for Thursday at Metro Hall .
Almost two months before the event , the G20 is also causing ripples outside the designated security zones .
Kensington Market recently learned it will not be able to get a permit this June for Pedestrian Sunday , a monthly summer event now in its seventh year .
And to the east of the summit site , Toronto police have rented an old movie studio at Eastern and Pape Aves .
that will likely serve as a prisoner processing area .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
At this point , Vaughan says he ’d like to get as much information as possible to his ward constituents so they can make the necessary preparations for the G20 .
Right now , summit officials are sharing information with him every two weeks or so , he says .
“ It ’s very much a case where this boat is being built as it ’s being sailed , ” he said .
“ I just hope it reaches the dock . ”
Read more about :
President Medvedev orders inquiry into why Vera Trifonova , who had diabetes , was refused medical treatment in jail
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , today ordered an urgent inquiry into why a prisoner who died last week in custody was refused medical treatment – with doctors advising her to sleep " standing up " .
Medvedev said criminal charges would be brought against investigators who permitted the death of Vera Trifonova , a 53 - year - old businesswoman .
She was arrested last December and locked up in Moscow 's notorious Matrosskaya Tishina pre-trial detention centre .
Trifonova died on Friday , despite repeated requests for her release .
She had been suffering from severe diabetes and kidney failure .
She was almost blind and only able to breathe with one lung .
When she complained of breathlessness , doctors advised her to sleep " standing up " .
The case is a further embarrassment for Medvedev , whose attempts to reform Russia 's callously outmoded penal system have so far had little effect .
This follows the death in the same detention centre of Sergei Magnitsky last November , a 37 - year - old lawyer working for Hermitage Capital , the asset management fund .
Hermitage accused the interior ministry of defrauding the company of $ 230 m ( £ 152 m ) in a large - scale tax scam allegedly involving 60 senior Russian officials .
The same officials then arrested Magnitsky and kept him in prison for nearly a year without charge .
He died after he was refused treatment for an embolism .
Medvedev issued guidelines that defendants accused of economic crimes should automatically be given bail .
Prosecutors claim Trifonova , who ran a successful real estate business , tried to sell a seat in Russia 's upper chamber federation council for $ 1.5 m .
Trifonova dismissed the charge as ludicrous .
In a stinging editorial , the business daily Vedomosti dubbed Trifonova 's prison ordeal " slow torture " .
" We are not just talking about subtle mockery here but torment , " the paper said .
It noted she was so ill at the time of her arrest she was using a wheelchair .
" She became my client in March and when I visited her in jail her eyesight was about 10 % and her lungs were full of liquid , " her lawyer , Vladimir Zherebyonkov , told the Moscow Times .
Medvedev ordered criminal charges to be brought against Sergei Pysin , the chief investigator in the case , who had opposed Trifonova 's numerous petitions for bail .
On 6 April he told a court that her medical condition had " stabilised " , citing doctors ' reports .
Two other investigators were also disciplined .
It remains doubtful whether any serious punishment will follow .
So far nobody has been prosecuted in connection with Magnitsky 's death .
" An innocent man who had uncovered corruption was killed with the involvement of officials he implicated .
People are now rising to demand that the individuals behind Sergei 's murder be punished , " William Browder , Hermitage 's London - based CEO , said today .
The Magnitsky case threatens to heap further PR damage on Russia this week when it is debated at the US congressional Tom Lantos human rights commission .
Last week Benjamin Cardin , a Democratic senator , called on the state department to deny US visas to more than 60 Russian officials allegedly involved in Magnitsky 's death .
The list includes Russia 's deputy interior minister Alexei Anichin , deputy general prosecutor Victor Grin , and other senior law enforcement officials and judges .
" These visa sanctions will send an important message to corrupt officials in Russia and elsewhere , that the United States is serious about combating foreign corruption and the harm it does , " Cardin told the US senate committee on foreign relations .
It seems unlikely , however , that Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , will heed Cardin 's call .
Any visa ban against top Russian government bureaucrats would imperil the tentative improvement in relations between Washington and Moscow .
It would also almost certainly prompt swift retaliatory action from the Kremlin .
Image caption
The abundance of mammals , birds , reptiles and other creatures is falling rapidly
The Earth 's ongoing nature losses may soon begin to hit national economies , a major UN report has warned .
The third Global Biodiversity Outlook ( GBO - 3 ) says that some ecosystems may soon reach " tipping points " where they rapidly become less useful to humanity .
Such tipping points could include rapid dieback of forest , algal takeover of watercourses and mass coral reef death .
Last month , scientists confirmed that governments would not meet their target of curbing biodiversity loss by 2010 .
Humanity has fabricated the illusion that somehow we can get by without biodiversity Achim Steiner , UN Environment Programme Earth Watch : Trick in the tale
" The news is not good , " said Ahmed Djoglaf , executive secretary of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) .
" We continue to lose biodiversity at a rate never before seen in history - extinction rates may be up to 1,000 times higher than the historical background rate . "
The global abundance of vertebrates - the group that includes mammals , reptiles , birds , amphibians and fish - fell by about one - third between 1970 and 2006 , the UN says .
Seeing red
The 2010 target of significantly curbing the global rate of biodiversity loss was agreed at the Johannesburg summit in 2002 .
It has been clear for a while that it would not be met .
WHAT IS BIODIVERSITY ?
UN defines biodiversity as " the variability among living organisms from all sources including , inter alia , terrestrial , marine and other aquatic ecosystems and the ecological complexes of which they are part ; this includes diversity within species , between species and of ecosystems "
Considered to provide value to humanity in four ways :
Provisioning - providing timber , fish , etc
Regulating - disposing of pollutants , regulating rainfall
Cultural - sacred sites , tourism , enjoyment of countryside
Supporting - maintaining soils and plant growth
But GBO - 3 concludes that none of the 21 subsidiary targets set at the same time are being met either , at least not on a global basis .
These include measures such as curbing the rate of habitat loss and degradation , protecting at least 10 % of the Earth 's ecological regions , controlling the spread of invasive species and making sure that international trade does not take any species towards extinction .
No government submitting reports to the convention on biodiversity group claims to have completely met the 2010 target .
While progress is being made in some regions , the global failure means an ever - growing number of species are on the Red List of Threatened Species .
" Twenty - one percent of all known mammals , 30 % of all known amphibians , 12 % of all known birds ( and ) ... 27 % of reef - building corals assessed ... are threatened with extinction , " said Bill Jackson , deputy director general of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , which maintains the Red List .
" If the world made equivalent losses in share prices , there would be a rapid response and widespread panic . "
The relationship between nature loss and economic harm is much more than just figurative , the UN believes .
An ongoing project known as The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity ( TEEB ) is attempting to quantify the monetary value of various services that nature provides for us .
These services include purifying water and air , protecting coasts from storms and maintaining wildlife for ecotourism .
The rationale is that when such services disappear or are degraded , they have to be replaced out of society 's coffers .
Image caption Loss of coral reefs will reduce humanity 's supply of seafood
TEEB has already calculated the annual loss of forests at $ 2 - 5 trillion , dwarfing costs of the banking crisis .
" Many economies remain blind to the huge value of the diversity of animals , plants and other lifeforms and their role in healthy and functioning ecosystems , " said Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environment Programme ( Unep ) .
" Humanity has fabricated the illusion that somehow we can get by without biodiversity , or that it is somehow peripheral to our contemporary world .
" The truth is we need it more than ever on a planet of six billion heading to over nine billion people by 2050 . "
The more that ecosystems become degraded , the UN says , the greater the risk that they will be pushed " over the edge " into a new stable state of much less utility to humankind .
For example , freshwater systems polluted with excess agricultural fertiliser will suffocate with algae , killing off fish and making water unfit for human consumption .
The launch of GBO - 3 comes as governments begin two weeks of talks in Nairobi aimed at formulating new measures to tackle global biodiversity loss that can be adopted at October 's Convention on Biological Diversity summit in Japan .
Dick Fuld said under oath that he was paid less than $ 310 million from 2000 through 2007 , and that he held , rather than sold , the “ vast majority ” of his shares , if not all of them .
But it ’s becoming increasingly clear that he was lying .
The latest bombshells come from former Lehman lawyer Oliver Budde , who spent many years drafting the bank ’s compensation disclosures and hiding the restricted stock unit ( RSU ) component of Fuld ’s pay .
Keep reading at Reuters >
Names are always changed to protect the guilty .
We 'd heard a somewhat sketchy report from the New York Post yesterday that the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission were considering launching an antitrust inquiry into Apple and its various iPhone - related practices , and now it 's being confirmed by Reuters and the Wall Street Journal , who say the inquiry was triggered by complaints from Apple 's competitors and app developers -- specifically Adobe , according to Bloomberg .
The DOJ and FTC are currently deciding which agency will take the lead in any inquiry , but if and when it gets underway there are a few issues at play : the first is obviously Apple 's decision to block Flash and other middleware from app development , and the second is Apple 's new iAd platform , which comes with its own changes to the iPhone developer agreement that could potentially lock out third - party ad and analytics services like AdMob -- itself under regulatory scrutiny due to the Google acquisition -- and Flurry .
We 'd also imagine regulators will take a close look at Apple 's App Store policies in general , but from a distance looks like the focus is on mobile advertising : both Apple and Google have made aggressive moves into the space in recent months , and both have come under regulatory scrutiny .
We 'll just have to wait and see how this one plays out -- there 's still no official word from either agency on what 's happening , and the timeline of any potential investigation and lawsuit will be measured in months and years .
In a winter that 's seen storms split apart by a quirky , El Niño - driven jet stream , one of the strongest storms of the year will hit northwest Oregon and southwest Washington on Friday , forecasters said .
More weather
" It will be pretty strong , with winds up to 70 mph on exposed headlands and the beaches , '' said Tiffani Brown , a forecaster for the
Winds of 60 to 70 mph and 1 to 2 inches of rain will hit coastal mountain ridge tops .
In addition to heavy rain , the Cascades and Cascade foothill will be walloped with more snow , as much as 2 to 3 feet in the higher elevations , Brown said .
The National Weather Service has issued a
, and a winter storm watch has also been issued for the Cascades .
Oregon 's snowpack made a sharp rebound last weekend , and will get another bump this weekend .
Snowpack is near 70 percent of average , said Jon Lea , a hydrologist for the U.S. Natural Resources Conservation Service .
All that snow is good news for summer water users , said George Taylor of Applied Climate Services in Corvallis .
" Rain that falls in November is already gone , washed out into rivers and then the ocean , '' Taylor said .
" Falling closer to the growing season makes it more useful .
An inch of rain now is like five inches that fell in November . "
Taylor said that 's the irony of water supplies in the West : A lot of the moisture falls in the higher elevations in the winter , but is needed at lower elevations in summer , which really shows the importance of snowpacks , he said .
Although Taylor said the storm looks very powerful , " it 's not panic time . "
" The Oregon coast is used to getting 70 mph winds , so there should n't be too many problems , '' he said .
Expect rain into the weekend , with another storm arriving Sunday night .
--
You know this meeting .
It ’s the meeting that when anyone hears the attendee list , they instantly know , “ Oh , it ’s that meeting ” .
Something is up : a product is at risk , a strategy is being redefined , or a decision of magnitude is being considered .
Slide reviews are conducted via email , rehearsals are performed , and demos are fine - tuned .
When the day arrives , the room fills , nervous glances are exchanged , and it begins .
Your practice pays off .
Expected questions appear and are quickly answered .
The project is solid ; perhaps there is no need for that massive decision .
We ’re in good shape , except Allison , the SVP , has a question .
Allison ?
“ Has anyone talked to Roger ’s group about this ?
Can they support this load ? ”
Shit .
The Screw - Me Scenario describes the amazing silence in the room when everyone understands the colossal gap that Allison ’s questions unexpectedly illuminate .
That ’s a good article to read if you want to figure out how to react .
The question I want to answer here is how in the hell does a SVP who is n’t even a part of this project , who was invited as a courtesy , and who has never even see the project proposal find the biggest strategic gap in our thinking after staring at our slides for 13 minutes ?
She had a Twinge .
Twinge Acquisition
As a manager , you manage both yourself and your team , and the simple fact is there will always be more of them than of you .
Unless you ’re the guy managing a single person ( weird ) , you ’ve got multiple folks with all their varied work and quirky personalities to manage .
Rookie managers approach this situation with enviable gusto .
They believe their job is to be aware of and responsible for their team ’s every single thought and act .
I like to watch these freshman managers .
I like to watch them sweat and scurry about the building as they attempt to complete this impossible task .
It ’s not that I enjoy watching them prepare to fail .
In fact , as they zip by , I explicitly warn them : “ There is no way you ’re doing it all .
You need to trust and you need to delegate . ”
But even with this explanation most of these managers are back in my office in three weeks saying the same thing : “ I have no idea how you keep track of it all ” .
I do n’t .
In addition to trusting those who work for you by delegating work that you may truly believe only you can do , management is also the art of listening to a spartan set of data , extracting the truth , and trusting your Twinges .
When you do this well , you look like a magician , but when you screw up , the consequences can be far ranging and damage the project as well as your reputation with those involved .
How to Build a Twinge
Before I explain how this truth extraction and Twinge construction can really screw things up , let ’s first understand why these managers are n’t listening to me and why I ’m ok with that .
Remember , I ’m talking about engineers here .
A class of human being that derives professional joy from the building of things — specific things .
Things they can sit back and stare at — look there ! —
I built that thing .
The building of things scratches an essential itch for engineers .
It ’s why they became engineers in the first place .
When they were six , their Dad handed them two boards , a nail , and a hammer and they started whacking .
BLAM BLAM BLAM .
Even with the nail awkwardly bent in half , the wood was suddenly and magically bound together : a thing was built .
At that moment , this junior engineer ’s brain excreted a chemical that instantly convinced them of the disproportionate value of this construction .
This is the best wood thing in the world because I built it .
And then they looked up from their creation and pleaded , “ Dad , I really need more nails ” .
Dad handed them three more nails , showed them where to hold the hammer , and demonstrated how to hit the nail .
More whacking .
BLAM BLAM BIFF .
This time the nail was n’t bent , this time on the last hit the nail slid effortlessly into the wood .
This engineer in training had now experienced two essential emotions : the joy of creation and the satisfaction of learning while gaining experience , perfecting the craft .
Engineers are wired to learn how to build stuff well , and as they continue to do that someone eventually thinks it ’s a good idea to promote them to become managers .
These new managers initially believe the essential skills of building that made them successful as engineers will apply to the building of people , and they do n’t .
It ’s their experience that matters .
Management is a total career restart .
One of the first lessons a new manager discovers , either through trial and error or instruction , is that the approaches they used for building product are n’t going to work when it comes to people .
However , this does n’t mean all of the experience is suddenly irrelevant .
In fact , it ’s that experience that creates the Twinge .
A Day of Stories
As a manager , think of your day as one full of stories .
All day , you ’re hearing stories from different people about the different arcs that are being played out in the hallways and conference rooms .
As these stories arrive , there is one question you need to always be asking : do you believe this story ?
Before you make that call , there are a couple things you need to know .
First , this story is incomplete , and you ’re ok with that .
Here ’s why : for now , you need to trust that those who work with you are capable of synthesizing a story .
Part of their value is their judgement in presenting you with the essential facts , and until they prove they ca n’t synthesize well , you assume they can .
Second , and contradictorily , while I believe that folks do n’t wake up intending to construct lies , I also know that for any story you ’re hearing , you ’re getting the version that supports their chosen version of reality .
As a story is being told to you , the opinion of the storyteller is affecting both the content and the tone .
Their agenda dictates what they are choosing to tell you .
Again , malevolent forces are not necessarily driving the storyteller .
They are hopeful , they want to succeed , but this story needs judgment , and that ’s where you come in as a manager .
I ’ll explain by example .
A Familiar Nail
“ Ok , Project Frodo — we ’re two weeks from feature complete .
Our task list is down to seven items , but as you can see from this chart , the work is spread out among the teams .
I ’m confident we ’ll hit the date . ”
This sounds like good news .
This sounds like the truth .
Nothing in those three sentences is setting off any alarms in my head , but I ’m a manager and it ’s my job to sniff around .
“ Is the design done ? ”
“ Yes , except for items six and seven . ”
Ok , so it ’s not done .
“ When will they be done with design ? ”
“ In a week and half . ”
“ And you can get the tasks done in the two days after we receive the designs ? ”
“ I , uh … ”
Sniffing around pisses people off .
Sniffing around is often interpreted as micromanagement , a passive aggressive way of stating , “ I do n’t believe you can do your job . ”
While there are a great many managers out there who pull this move as a means of pumping up their fading value , this is not what I ’m doing — I ’m trying to figure out if this story is familiar .
I ’ve built a lot of teams that have built a lot of software .
I know that what we receive as complete designs is usually 80 % of what we actually need .
Because I was the engineer sitting there staring at the Photoshops in the middle of the night with two days to feature complete , thinking , “ It ’s sure pretty , but what about internationalization ?
And error cases ?
You know that ’s work , right ? ”
It ’s not that I know all the intricacies of Project Frodo and I do n’t want to know them .
It ’s a team full of personalities , tasks , and dependencies that I could spend my entire day trying to understand , and I ’ve got two other projects of equal size that are running hot .
As I ’m listening to this story , I ’m listening hard and trying to figure out … have I seen this nail before ?
I have , have n’t I ?
I do n’t remember when , but I do remember the Twinge …
Do you remember every success and failure ?
No .
You can recite your greatest hits over a Mai Tai , but I do n’t think you can actually recollect them all .
However , this does n’t mean you do n’t remember the experience .
I ’ve long since given up trying to understand why one story rings true to me while another triggers the Twinge .
My belief is that my brain is far better at subconscious analysis , pattern matching , and teasing out apparently essential details from the noise than I ’ll consciously ever be .
My belief is that my experiences drive my sometimes subconscious instincts , and this is why I ’ve come to trust the Twinge .
A Twinge Catastrophe
A Twinge is your experience speaking to you in an unexpected and possibly unstructured way , and while you do n’t want to base your management strategy on these amorphous moments of clarity , I do want to explain their importance in the organization .
This story telling , the careful selection of facts , ideas , and data , is going on everywhere in the company .
Everyone is building a story about what and how they ’re doing , and they ’re often optimizing in their favor .
While many of these stories involve the mundane day - to - day operations of the company , some of these stories are terribly important .
While it might not sound like it right now , that story Bob just explained about a small performance issue on one server is actually a massive performance debacle in the making .
Joe ’s story about that annoying interaction design problem is actually the description of the absence of a feature you do n’t even know you ’re missing .
When these seemingly benign stories are not judged , when they are not questioned , the story is over .
Bob ’s conscience is clear because he gave you a heads up .
Your conscience is clear is because you listened to Bob ’s concern , and , yeah , you had a Twinge , but Bob ’s delivery record is impeccable , so Twinge be damned , it ’ll sort itself out in the end .
Your failure to heed your Twinge is a management failure .
It gets worse .
This story optimization is happening at every layer of management and in every group of people .
Each time an unheeded Twinge story jumps from one person to the next , a lie is being propagated throughout the organization .
And if the story started in your group , it ’s your fault this misinformation is running amok .
Now , there are other people in the building who might get a Twinge and save your team ’s collective professional ass , but again , if it ’s a story that originated in your group , the responsibility was yours .
Just Another Nail
New engineering managers wrestle with the gig because they miss building stuff .
The powerfully addictive act of building is no longer part of their day and they bitch : “ You know , I do n’t know what I actually do all day . ”
Finding other ways to scratch this itch is a topic for another article , but for now one of your jobs is to listen to the stories , map them against your experience , and when there ’s a Twinge , you ask questions and you need to believe the asking of these questions is a form of building .
As a manager , when the story does n’t quite feel right , you demand specifics .
You ask for the details of the story to prove that it is true .
If the story ca n’t stand up to the first three questions that pop your mind , there ’s an issue .
You do n’t run a team or a company on a Twinge .
The ability to listen to random stories and quickly tease out a flaw in the logic or the absence of a critical dependency is just one of the skills you need to develop as a manager .
Like building , both the discovery and the asking of these questions is an art ; it ’s just another nail you need to figure out how to hammer .
" China will soon enter an era when people only dare to contact each other with eyes rather than by talking , " wrote a third , drawing a literary allusion to the ancient Chinese tyrant - emperor who so controlled his subjects speech that they dared only make eye contact in the street .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , April 1 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Internal April Fools Joke ...
Posted by Mikko @ 15:36 GMT
Yes , it 's April Fools day today ( see coverage from our Safe and Savvy blog ) .
LabDev is the team within F - Secure Labs that develops and maintains our internal systems that ( among other things ) import , scan , analyze and categorize all incoming samples .
As it happens , LabDev has put in a subtle change to our sample management system 's interface today .
Here 's a screenshot :
Ca n't spot the joke ?
Well , many analysts missed it for quite a while as well .
Maybe this helps .
Yesterday we brought you Weezer ’s buggy performance on Nickelodeon ’s kooky - cool children ’s show Yo Gabba Gabba . of Montreal will be on today ’s show ( airing 10:30 ET / PT ) , but it wo n’t be their first Yo Gabba Gabba moment — the band turned in a song about dental hygiene a season back .
It will be the first time the band appears on the show in real , live , costumed form .
Barnes and co. will be singing about taking care of yourself when you ’re sick — the titular foods are all soothing for sick tummies .
Their instructions also double as smart hangover advice , but do n’t tell your toddler that .
If he does n’t get sick he ’ll never learn .
UPDATE : Anthony Bourdain also stopped by Yo Gabba Gabba today .
Continuing with the show ’s theme , he played a doctor who comes to help Toodee get over her cold .
Foods that do n’t help you feel better : sheep balls , fox eyes , warthog anus .
Unhelpful of him not to share that with Toodee .
Mos Def is also appearing as a superhero on tomorrow ’s show :
As mentioned yesterday , this season of “ Yo Gabba Gabba ” will have sweet guests like Erykah Badu , Band Of Horses , Blitzen Trapper , Chairlift , Rob Dyrdek , The Faint , The Flaming Lips , The Killers , and Solange Knowles .
The Faint could do a very convincing song about stranger danger ( them ) .
The New Yorker editor - in - chief David Remnick has a message for Apple 's penchant for policing the content of its app store : " The hell with it . "
Like many magazines , including Wired , The New Yorker is betting big that readers will pay to read a well - designed online magazine app on devices like the iPad .
( Disclosure : The New Yorker is owned by Wired and Wired.com parent Condé Nast . )
But the bet that they can hang on to their current high - end ad sales without having to make many online changes hinges on Apple allowing its apps into its online store .
And that is increasingly looking like a dicey proposition at best , as Wired.com 's Brian Chen presciently noted in February .
Apple routinely bans political - cartoon apps that ridicule public figures , and fashion magazines are already reportedly censoring their iPad versions to make sure that no racy shots offend the powers - that - be at Apple .
While The New Yorker is hardly known for risque photo spreads , the magazine has drawn fire in the past for its covers , including one that depicted Obama as a flag - burning Muslim – an attempt to ridicule right - wing stereotypes of him .
Remnick is n't swearing off the app store , but in remarks at a Condé Nast breakfast discussion in New York , he made it clear that The New Yorker had no intention of catering to Apple 's whims .
" Quite frankly , when it comes to the question of , you know , Apple being stern about what it 's going to put on there , the hell with it , " Remnick said .
" We 're going to publish what we 're going to publish . "
" If the Pentagon is not going to talk me out of a story , then Apple in Cupertino [ California ] is not going to talk me out of it either , and if that means that they throw me off , then they throw me off .
But we 're going to do what we 're going to do , whether it's to be serious , whether it's to be funny , whether it's to be provocative on the cover or inside , we are going to do what we are going to do .
I do n't say that out of arrogance but I say it out of a sense of journalistic mission , out of a sense of fun , and out of a sense of wanting to be provocative . "
It 's not clear what story Remnick is referring to in regards to the Defense Department , but contenders include Seymour Hersh 's Abu Ghraib stories or Jane Mayer 's stories on the CIA 's secret torture prisons .
The New Yorker does not yet have an iPad – or iPhone – app .
Both are expected this year .
Additional reporting by New York bureau chief John C Abell .
Photo : David Remnick speaks at Condé Nast media event Tuesday .
Joseph Moran / Condé Nast
See Also :
A group of researchers has linked a huge , China - based cyber espionage ring to the theft of thousands of documents — including classified information , visa applications , and personal identities — from " politically sensitive targets " around the world .
The command - and - control infrastructure of this so - called Shadow Network used platforms such as Twitter , Google Groups , Blogspot , Baidu Blogs , blog.com and Yahoo Mail to maintain persistent control of infected computers .
They also used Tor , a system designed to grant online anonymity to political protesters , crime victims , journalists and others .
The network then attacked targets ranging from the offices of the Dalai Lama to the United Nations as well as Indian and Pakistani government officials .
Not all of the attacked organizations can be positively identified , but researchers are confident that India was the primary target .
This graphic shows the relationship of social sites ( red ) , web domains ( blue ) and servers ( green ) in the hackers ' network :
Of the documents the researchers were able to recover , one was " encrypted diplomatic correspondence , " two were marked “ SECRET , " six were “ RESTRICTED ” and five were designated “ CONFIDENTIAL . "
They also discovered the hackers had accessed a year 's worth of the Dalai Lama 's personal email .
According to the researchers ' report , " The profile of documents recovered suggests that the attackers targeted specific systems and profiles of users . "
As one member of the team told the New York Times , “ I ’ve not seen anything remotely close to the depth and the sensitivity of the documents that we ’ve recovered . ”
The Shadow Network is not linked to earlier attacks uncovered this year by Google and also based in China , nor is it related to GhostNet , a network who targeted the community of Tibetan exiles and identified by the same researchers .
However , this new network is linked to two individuals and a core of stable servers in Chengdu , People 's Republic of China .
Chinese officials have repeatedly denied any government connection to these cyber espionage activities .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , bunhill
The End of RTS ?
A Command & Conquer 4 Interview
By Chris Remo
Sam Bass , lead designer on Command & Conquer 4 : Tiberian Twilight , has worked at Electronic Arts Los Angeles on the Westwood - originated series for a long time , and has seen the audience for RTS games shrink over the years .
He says this game , developed in parallel to other installments in the series , is a conscious effort to save the RTS genre from itself -- to keep it from becoming the domain of only a completely hardcore audience , as has happened to the flight sim genre .
While StarCraft II will undoubtedly be one of the biggest releases of the year , this is a genre that is struggling to evolve with the times , suggests Bass .
In this interview with Gamasutra , he describes how the team approached a design that will satisfy both new , inexperienced players and series veterans at the same time .
How long have you been working as an RTS designer at EALA ?
Sam Bass : I came to EA in 2002 , and I did Medal of Honor for awhile , then I moved over to the RTS group with Battle for Middle - Earth II .
I 've been a senior or a lead designer on all our games since then .
What was the genesis of this particular project ?
It 's being painted as something with a unique direction -- more evolutionary gameplay mechanics , and the last game in this series .
SB : C&C4 is interesting , because it has been a skunkworks project for a couple of years .
We did C&C3 in 2007 , then we moved on to Kane 's Wrath , the expansion pack , and Red Alert 3 , but at the same time we had a little skunkworks team developing C&C4 .
We figured , if we 're going to do a Command & Conquer 4 , we did n't just want to do C&C3 but with higher resolution , and trot out Kane again and go , " Look ! Kane ! "
We wanted to actually come up with different forms of gameplay within the RTS paradigm -- keep the C&C elements of fast gameplay and lots of units , but adding more team play elements , objective - based multiplayer elements .
We wanted to see what we could do .
It 's gone through a ton of revisions before we actually started full development on this [ incarnation ] , which was about two years ago .
What was your role during those early times , when it was overlapping with Kane 's Wrath and the rest ?
SB : I was actually the lead on Kane 's Wrath when the skunkworks team was doing it .
We actually kept borrowing people from that .
( Laughing )
It 's been in pre-production and discovery phases for a couple years as we worked it out .
We did n't want to just go , " Hey !
Here 's this new thing ! " until we were sure it worked and it was fun , because we do have a lot of new elements in the game compared to previous ones .
That does always seem to be a particular concern with RTS .
When you look at the most well - known RTS series -- C&C , Warcraft , and particularly StarCraft -- they actually have relatively few sequels considering how long they 've been around .
If they were any other genre , like action games , they would probably have three times as many entries in them by now .
That must make it all the tougher to decide , " We 're really going to change direction with this one . "
SB : Exactly .
It 's also the conclusion of the Tiberium saga .
So it was a really big deal .
We wanted it to be weighty ; we did n't want it to be just another sequel .
Command & Conquer has been a franchise that I 've loved since I first started out as a game developer .
The first one came out when I had my first development job and nearly caused my first game to not ship , because we were playing too much C&C .
Back in '95 ?
SB : Right .
So we approached it with a great deal of seriousness , asking ourselves , " What are we going to do with it ? "
We wanted to move RTS forward a little bit , because the central RTS paradigm of " build your base , do some harvesting , build some units , go kill the other guy " has been around a very long time and , compared to other genres , has n't evolved significantly .
We 're starting to see some different evolutions from the various developers now .
I 'd say Relic is doing really interesting work in bringing evolution to the genre .
SB : Yeah , Relic 's doing some really interesting stuff ; they 're bringing in a lot of RPG direction with their games .
We wanted to see can we keep the RTS - style " build a bunch of tanks and blow stuff up " fun , but also add a more class - based approach .
One of the problems -- maybe I would n't say " problems , " but one of the things about classic C&C play is that it favors rushing -- building a bunch of tanks and moving in fast , doing micro-play where you 're really good at clicking a thousand times a second .
Our lead balance designer Jeremy Feasel clicks so fast I can not see his fingers .
I 'm not that guy ; I like to build the base .
I 'm a bit of a turtle .
We thought , " Can we come up with different ways to play , where the guys who want to rush can still rush , but it 's actually tactically or strategically valid to play in a more base - building or defensive way ? "
So that led fairly directly to the roles of the various classes -- you actually have a " defense " class .
SB : Yeah .
That 's where the defense class came from -- rather than just running in , can you lock down part of the map ?
Then the support class came .
The support class was particularly interesting .
How do you come up with a caster - type class in an RTS game ?
We did n't want it to just have powers ; we thought it would be the class that lets you move really quickly across the map , lets you fight on multiple fronts , and lets you interact in combat without being directly involved if you do n't want to be .
If you play support , you have a lot of aircraft ; you can still go in and blow stuff up with hit - and - run attacks , but it 's designed for the player who 's still a little tentative about RTS play and wants to get involved and see how it goes without being the guy on the front line .
We came up with these three different paradigms for those classes , and that 's how the objective - based multiplayer came about .
We said , " Well , if we have three different classes , it ca n't just be ' kill the other guy , ' because you 'll want team - based play . "
So we developed this objective - based multiplayer - - it 's a little bit like Battlefield .
The classes draw a bit from Battlefield or Team Fortress .
It all evolved over a period of time into what we have now , where multiplayer is objective - based .
Five - on - five is the core of the multiplayer .
You can still play one - versus - one , which is really fun , or two - on - two or three - on - three , but five - on - five is what we primarily designed around .
That way , you can have a full range of classes .
We 've seen some really interesting combinations .
Our beta has been running for about eight months now , so we 've seen our community come up with all kinds of crazy stuff we did n't anticipate .
That 's the fun part when you have that much content -- we have three classes , with eighty - plus units between them .
There 's a lot in there .
You get to really see what the fanbase comes up with , and we feel like we 've enabled those options more than we have in the past .
There is no one " right answer " to C&C4 .
Mechanics related to persistence , experience , and classes , and objective - based multiplayer goals do seem to be spreading these days throughout game design in a number of genres .
It 's interesting to see how that 's even seeping into strategy .
SB : The thing about strategy is that there 's always the need for that lock - tight balance .
You have to be very careful adding elements , or you can completely break your game .
But yes , it 's definitely been spreading .
With the persistence , what we really wanted to do was add a smoother learning curve to RTS play .
The thing with an RTS is if you load up C&C3 or Red Alert 3 or any of our games and start playing a skirmish game , you 've got twenty units and ten powers and all this stuff , and you have n't even had the chance to really get to grips with the game yet .
We thought , " How can we roll stuff out on a global scale ? "
So as your skill level ramps up , your tactical options also ramp up .
That 's evolved into the progression system we have now .
The thing is , if you 're a hardcore player , you can level up pretty quickly .
You can get all the toys in a couple hours of play .
But if you 're not hardcore , it takes you a bit longer .
It just balanced out that way .
We do a lot of gameplay testing and usability testing .
We 've noticed that the less experienced players take quite a long time to get to the more advanced units , which is good , because by that point they 're actually comfortable using them .
Otherwise , when you get something , you think , " What do I do with this thing ? "
The hardcore people , however , already know what they 're going to do .
They 'll get a Mastodon or one of our other giant units , and they 'll stomp around the map doing their thing .
I think we actually achieved that goal .
It 's always been one of my bugbears with the RTS : you load up the game , and it 's all there .
It 's a bit much .
It 's a bit overwhelming , especially with this game where you have three classes per faction and everything .
It can make your eyes pop out of your head after awhile .
Have you faced any challenges in communicating the rationale for that type of design , particularly to people who have also been playing C&C for 15 years ?
I assume they 're a small part of the audience at this point , but they 're probably also the most vocal .
SB : We have a pretty hardcore community .
We actually spend a lot of time interacting with the community .
Yeah , there was definitely some controversy , just because there is a certain element in the community that is very resistant to change , especially with a franchise that has this much history to it .
One of the things we did -- because although it 's a team - based game , we wanted it to be fun for one - versus - one guys -- was to get a bunch of the top one - on - one RTS players in the world .
We flew them in and spent a week with them playing in the game and rebalancing and retuning and even reworking and redesigning maps to make sure their experience was satisfying .
This game 's been through a ton of iteration .
There was definitely a bit of controversy .
I think , though , once people start playing the game , they tend to get it and have a really good time with it , as opposed to that notion of , " What have they done to my Command & Conquer ? ! "
I think everyone who 's played it has had fun , and that 's always the goal at the end of the day -- that they have a good time .
It still is very C&C .
You still build ion cannons and blow stuff up and build Mammoth tanks and all of that .
All the C&C that I love is still in there .
There 's been a lot of discussion about the player implications of the game 's online authentication system .
What impact has that had on the design side ?
SB : In terms of gameplay , basically what it means is whether you 're playing single - player or skirmish or multiplayer , it 's all global .
One of the things I actually really like about it , if you 're playing a campaign mission and it's kind of tough , you can go and play skirmish or multiplayer and earn yourself some units or tactical options , and then go back and play that mission with your new toys .
You tend to have a better shot , because you have some different ways to play if your strategy was n't working out .
That 's really the thing that drew me towards that strategy .
It 's always been one of the core goals .
It started out much more complex , and we 've honed it down to something very refined that people understand -- you just level up .
It always means there 's a dangling carrot , which I love .
As a gamer , I 'm all about the dangling carrot .
I 100 percented Mass Effect 2 because I wanted to find everything in that game .
We want to have that same appeal , where if people want , they can see every toy we could possibly give them .
That 's definitely another design layer that 's becoming a bigger deal , what with achievements and other types of unlockables .
SB : It 's interesting .
It 's a model that 's almost like EVE Online other games like that , where you 're putting in time to get stuff .
We 're of course not really doing it to that extent , but yeah ; I love to earn new toys .
I think one of the problems with many RTS games is that you can see everything we 've got from the moment you load the game , whereas here you actually have to work towards it .
It 's not difficult , but it means there 's always something new and exciting right on the horizon .
How do you see the state of RTS today ?
You see EA essentially saying things like , " This team may not even exist anymore after this game , and it's the end of the storyline . "
It 's a very different time than when the first C&C was released .
SB : It 's an interesting time to be an RTS developer .
Obviously , there 's another big RTS coming out this year , which I think will help the market .
I have friends working on that , and I 'm really looking forward to playing it .
But yes , I think we 're a little bit in danger of becoming like the flight sim market , where you 're catering to an increasingly small but hardcore audience .
C&C4 is an attempt to grow that audience a little bit -- to open the doors and say , " Hey , people who are interested but terrified because every time they play an RTS they go online and just eaten by an eleven - year - old Korean kid , here are some different ways to play .
If you like , you can go in and still participate and still enjoy yourself without being on the front line and getting killed . "
Then you also allow the hardcore to do what they do .
We 're definitely moving in some interesting directions after this game .
Obviously , I can't really talk about what they are , but we 're evaluating ways to , again , cater to both markets and grow RTS again , to bring it back to the forefront .
This is a genre I love , and I 'd hate to see it go the way of the flight sim , where it's one development team in Russia doing something really incredible , but that takes eight years to do .
So you see the release of StarCraft 2 as a net positive for you ?
SB : I think so , yeah .
It 's great .
Hopefully it'll sell a bazillion copies , and a bunch of people will become much more educated in modern RTS play , and get back online and start playing the games .
I think , in the end , it 's a good thing .
There 's definitely an interesting comparison between StarCraft II and your game .
Obviously it 's updated , but Blizzard is consciously retaining most of the old - school dynamics of StarCraft .
SB : I think they 're catering to their community .
They have a huge fanbase in Asia that still plays StarCraft 1 .
I think they 're sort of going in a different direction to us , but one of the things we 're both trying to do is bring a lot of production values to the table , so it makes it a little sexier than it used to be .
We do n't want it to become just a nerdy genre .
But yes , it 's a different approach to us .
We do want to open the doors and let everybody in , because there are people who know the Command & Conquer name , but who do n't play RTS , which is really interesting .
They 're thinking , " Oh , it 's that game with the guy with the goatee . "
It 's the game where the bases unfold .
I 've always loved that .
SB : Exactly .
I have a Kane bobble - head in my living room , and sometimes people who do n't even play games come over and say , " I know that guy ! "
So we wanted to use that to our advantage , to say , " Hey , it 's that guy , and here 's a game he's in that you can play even if you have n't played the previous games . "
Also , you know , we 're the epic conclusion of the Tiberium saga , so you probably want to see how it ends , too !
Speaking of Kane , does [ actor ]
Joe Kucan in fact age at all ?
SB : No .
He 's on a diet of human growth hormone and stem cells or something .
I really do n't get it ; that man does not age .
It 's a baffling thing .
SB : When we shot the trailer that came out last year for C&C4 , we asked Joe to put a little gray in his goatee and look a little bit more haggard , because it would have suited the tone of the story .
He took a shot at that , but it did n't really work out , because he still looks pretty much the same .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
The only privately held copy of a list that Oskar Schindler drew up of Jews to be saved from Hitler 's concentration camps is on sale for 1.5 million pounds ( $ 2.4 million ) , the seller said .
" It 's the only one remaining in private hands , " said historic document sales specialist Gary Zimet , and is " arguably the most important World War II document " .
Mr Zimet says the 13 - page list , compiled by Schindler and accountant Itzhak Stern , is dated April 18 , 1945 .
The list , made famous by Steven Spielberg 's film Schindler 's List , shows the names of 801 men along with their occupations and birthdates .
Mr Zimet says he is selling the document on behalf of an anonymous seller on a " first come , first served " basis rather than at auction .
He says there were seven different versions of the list and only four others are known to have survived .
One is in the US Holocaust Museum , one at the German federal archives in Koblenz , and two others are kept at the Yad Vashem museum in Israel .
-AFP
One of the goals of President Obama 's Strategy for American Innovation is to harness science and technology to address the " grand challenges " of the 21st century in areas such as health , clean energy , national security , and education and life - long learning .
Grand challenges are important national goals like putting a man on the Moon or sequencing the human genome that require advances in science and technology to achieve .
They also have the potential to drive sustainable economic growth and the creation of quality jobs .
Examples of specific goals that have been previously articulated by the President and others include early detection of dozens of diseases from a saliva sample , solar cells as cheap as paint , and educational software that is as compelling as the best video game and effective as a personal tutor .
In February 2010 , the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Economic Council released a " Request for Information " to collect input from the public regarding the grand challenges identified in the President 's innovation strategy , other possible grand challenges , and the partners ( e.g. companies , universities , non-profit organizations ) that would need to collaboration to achieve these ambitious goals .
The deadline for responses is Thursday , April 15th .
Harnessing the expertise of the American people is a key element of President Obama 's open government agenda .
I 'm delighted that Expert Labs , a project of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , has developed some great tools to help the government ( and anyone else , for that matter ) capture the ideas and insights of participants in social networks .
For example , you can send your idea via twitter by replying to @whitehouse and including the #whgc hashtag ( a tip : check out other ideas with this search ) .
You can also email your ideas to challenge@ostp.gov .
We are really looking forward to reviewing your ideas , and to sharing the progress that we make in the weeks and months ahead to reach these ambitious goals .
Thomas Kalil is Deputy Director for Policy for the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy
Many complaints have been written about the pancake - wrapped sausage on a stick , and its kid brother , the Pancake & Sausage Minis .
There is , first of all , the look of them : a reviewer on the Impulsive Buy blog describes the minis as “ tiny , diseased Russet potatoes . ”
And that ’s just on the outside .
When I look at the cut - in - half example on the front of the Minis ’ packaging , I ca n’t help but think that I am looking at something dirty , like the poor Pancake & Sausage Mini forgot to close its curtains when changing at night and I happened to look up and catch the thing ’s …well , sausage hanging out .
Chow ’s Supertaster describes the actual taste of the Pancakes & Sausage Minis as “ solidly bad - bad , ” noting that “ [ t ] he mealy , greasy sausage is real enough , but the pancake coating is pretty fictional – it ’s far more like breading than a soft , absorbent , fluffy breakfast delight . ”
Even the one blog I found that seemed excited about Jimmy Dean ’s experiment spent half her post explaining why she chose to buy these for her son , ending , “ Note that I do not plan on serving this every day .
/ end of defensive statement . ”
If you do n’t eat JD ’s P&S and just happen to see a box of them at the grocery store or read the reviews , you might think to yourself that they ’re simply a flash in the pan ( er , microwave ) and will soon fade into obscurity .
But no .
Oh , no .
Jimmy Dean has been selling its Pancakes & Sausage on a stick since 2006 — and that ’s not their first sausage - pancake product .
In the early ’90s , they launched a similar product called Flapsticks , which a reviewer in South Carolina ’s Rock Hill Herald described as “ fun , tasty , and easy to eat , ” a review so kind that I wonder if she was on Jimmy Dean ’s payroll .
And even before that , Sanderson Farms made a pancake - and - sausage on a stick product in the late 1980s .
That ’s right , America :
We ’ve been dashing out the door in the morning with glorified breakfast corn dogs for more than 20 years .
The pancake and sausage on a stick is old enough to legally drink alcohol .
Oh god , please do n’t make an alcoholic pancake - wrapped sausage product .
All of this is , of course , why Stewart chose to dip the pancake and sausage on a stick :
It represents the zenith of misguided American food .
Calorie laden , filled with unpronounceable ingredients , and cross-bred , Jimmy Dean ’s Pancakes & Sausage is a short - hand explanation for why we ’re fat and unhealthy .
And really , we are :
As of 2008 , at least 25 pecent of the population in 32 states was obese , according to data from the Center for Disease Control .
The solution to the problem is n’t a mystery .
From morning chefs cooking vegetable frittatas on the local news to contestants on The Biggest Loser getting taken to task for their eating habits in prime - time , there is always someone telling us that we eat bad food and too much of it .
Fixing that problem , however , is a situation that gets syrup - sticky .
Changing our eating habits is difficult enough of a task , especially for those who do n’t have time to prepare a meal or never learned how to cook .
And then there are institutional problems .
A 2008 New York Times piece cites a study showing “ that ‘ energy dense ’ junk foods , which pack the most calories and fewest nutrients per gram , were far less expensive than nutrient - rich , lower - calorie foods like fruits and vegetables . ”
As Bryan Walsh later wrote in Time , “ A food system — from seed to 7 - Eleven — that generates cheap , filling food at the literal expense of healthier produce is also a principal cause of America ’s obesity epidemic . ”
But I do have a reason to celebrate the state of food in America — it could be much worse .
I know this because it has been .
I ’m not talking about when farms turned to dust during the Great Depression , or when tough mothers in tenement houses served thin cabbage and potatoes to their wide - eyed , malnourished children .
No , I ’m talking about the convenience foods that flopped .
Because seriously , if pancakes and sausage on a stick can last as long as they have ( long enough to , if they were human , be a legal daycare provider of your children ) how bad were the foods that failed ?
In 1994 , Prepared Foods ( “ the industry ’s leading ingredient - oriented , food , beverage and nutritional product development publication ” ) came out with a piece in its Annual highlighting failed product launches from the previous 10 years .
The article started with 1983 , the Year That Everybody Decided to Make a Cheese - Filled Hot Dog .
It ’s little wonder that none of these lasted ; one of these hot dogs was called Frank ‘ n ’
Stuff , and I can unequivocally say that here ’s nothing that makes me less excited to eat a food than giving it a name that hearkens to sticking together cadavers ( which I guess is kind of what hot dogs are already ) .
Then , Prepared Foods points out , in 1990 there was Betty Crocker ’s microwavable bread , six - ounce loaves that were purchased partially baked and finished with two - to - three minutes in the microwave .
Oh , and what about when Clorox was making microwavable meals ?
Because nothing says “ good food ” like a company primarily associated with bleach .
But many of the most interesting and hideous convenience food product failures of the last 25 years did n’t make it into Prepared Foods ‘ hallowed Annual .
For example : I recently wrote a piece where I mentioned IncrEdibles , a late ’90s convenience food product .
Packaged in cardboard tubes and available in flavors such as Macaroni & Cheese and Scrambled Eggs with Cheese & Sausage , IncrEdibles featured a stick at the bottom of the cardboard tube , so after you heated them up in the microwave , you could simply push into your mouth without utensils .
Even though I have never actually seen an IncrEdible , every time I think about them , I am attacked by the one - two sensory punch of smelling Velveeta and hearing fake cheese squelch like living , spiral - shaped food slugs twisting around one another .
Some of the blips on the prepared food screen , meanwhile , were at least health - minded ( if not actually healthy ) .
The year 2000 saw Shareables , a line of foods and bottled water sold solely by PetSmart .
Designed to be shared by humans and pets , Shareables featured treats like yogurt - covered raisins for the humans coupled with pet food .
In 2007 there was GOAT , a food - like product that launched after Muhummad Ali signed away his name and likeness .
The resulting line of “ Greatest of All Time ” snacks , each checking in at under 150 calories had a “ homemade look and feel , ” “ contain[ed ] all of the essential nutrition that young adults need to maintain a healthy , active lifestyle , ” and allowed snackers to “ indulge without guilt or regret . ”
( The same megolomaniac branding claimed that Ali was “ the most recognized man in the world ” – sorry , Jesus . )
GOAT was also the only food listed so far that I had the unfortunate luck to actually try .
I was treated to a snack of multicolored pellets that resembled a cross between pet food and futuristic vitamin pills that tasted like peanuts wrapped in a crispy coating of Southwestern disappointment .
But while I like to think that the disappearance of these foods says good things about the choices we ’ve made as consumers over the past several years , I also have to admit that I have no idea why these foods failed .
I want to believe that it ’s because we ’re smart enough to not eat the stupidest of food - type products , but as the Prepared Foods Annual notes , “ These products may have failed for many reasons — spurious consumer research , poor product performance , inability to achieve shelf placement , overpricing , misdirected advertising , lack of adequate marketing support , etc . ”
Meaning that until we do the hard work of really improving our eating habits ( and the system that influences them ) Pancakes & Sausage will probably remain in a grocer ’s freezer near you , no matter how stupid they are . •
Markets vs Free Markets
Libertarians throw the phrase “ free market ” around a lot , but the important word among those two is free .
Markets , per se , are really an after - thought .
It ’s not as if we do n’t want freedom in our non-market activities .
We want to have freedom , in all ways , including in our “ market transactions ” .
The word market confuses a lot of people because they imagine “ markets ” to be an institution , a thing that one can point to and say “ this is a Market ” .
But we do n’t mean it that way , really .
There ’s no such thing as a market .
It ’s just a catch - all term to cover the sum total of all exchanges .
The only alternative to a market is to have rationing by command .
One monopoly with control of all goods who hands them out to people according to a scheme that monopoly has planned out in advance .
A situation where there is any sort of trade at all , is technically a market .
Now it is true that any exchange leaves people better off than they would be had they not made the exchange , or they would n’t do it .
This even applies to a simple robbery .
When the robber says “ your money or your life ” and you hand over the money , at the time , you felt that that was the better option .
However , this is where context comes in .
To paraphrase Lysander Spooner , one must question how the robber came into the position to offer you that exchange .
For another oft used example , when the sweatshop owner offers people a job under terrible conditions , and they take that job , certainly , to them , it was better than not having that job .
Simply banning that transaction will leave those people with even worse options to survive .
But again , what must be questioned is how the sweatshop owner came into the position of making that offer .
When the politicians and media pundits talk about “ market - based solutions ” or “ markets ” at all , one must wonder what sort of markets we are dealing with .
Almost certainly not “ free markets ” for many , many reasons .
The biggest culprit here , and the one that is the least visible to most people is the banking system , with central banking as it ’s lynchpin , the piece of the machine that holds the whole thing together .
Even people that complain about “ the Fed ” generally see the problem with it being “ inflation ” , meaning price inflation .
The part that is less seen is how the banking system as we know it creates oligopoly / oligopsony , meaning a market with a few large producers who are able to wield unnatural control over buying labor and selling their products .
A fiat currency , that is to say a currency not backed by anything in particular except the government forcing people to use it , floats against the value of all goods and services that can be bought with that currency .
As more currency enters the system , the marginal value of each unit of currency goes down .
This is ordinarily seen in the form of price inflation , but that depends on how quickly goods and services are being produced in relation to how quickly currency is entering the system .
Either way though , X amount of currency will buy less if there is 10000 * X amount of currency than if there was 1000*X .
Now when a bank lends currency to a large corporation , to a great extent ( 95 - 99 % ) , that currency is “ produced ” out of thin air .
A number goes into a ledger , and now * poof * that account has , say , 100 million dollars in it .
This currency does n’t really exist in the system until it is spent .
Whatever that corporation spends that money on , it has essentially stolen from everyone else who is holding an amount of that currency .
Assuming the loan is going to be paid back , then it is the bank who has stolen it .
( If I rob your house and lend the money I steal to someone to buy a lamp , who does the lamp actually belong to ? )
Whoever sold the corporation whatever it bought benefits a certain amount from that new money as well .
They are getting a signal that there is more demand for X , and will raise their prices .
They in turn will spend that money , etc …
Whoever sees that money last , will benefit least because prices have already gone up to match the new level of currency .
To simplify this model , you can see it as a redistribution of purchasing power .
Those who borrow the most gain the most , and those who save , lose the most .
In the end the banks themselves gain the most because they get all of that purchasing power back and then some , as long as interest payments are able to keep up with inflation .
This forces the banks to make sure that interest rates are high enough to account for inflation , or they will lose purchasing power in the long run .
But this leads to a situation where those who establish themselves early in a market are able to compete for banking dollars better than late comers .
Plus , the money they got was more valuable than the money the late comers got .
This leads to an ever escalating “ barrier to entry ” as the fixed costs of doing business rise and rise .
This alone eventually creates oligopoly , with no other intervention .
To make it worse , almost everything that the government does either destroys capital outright , inhibits new capital formation , or controls how capital can be transferred .
This makes the marginal cost of capital higher , which benefits the existing owners of capital at the expense of everyone else .
This artificial scarcity of capital creates an artificial abundance of labor relative to capital , which leads to unemployment and low wages .
Regulation is a big part of this scheme .
The regulatory state as we know it was created by the progressive movement in the late 1800s and early 1900s .
Though the mythology of American history implies otherwise , it was well known at the time that this would create oligopoly .
Oligopoly was promoted as a more “ rational ” way of having markets than the “ chaos ” of free markets .
Of course once you establish oligopoly , regulation becomes “ necessary ” in order to prevent the oligopoly from completely screwing everyone else over .
It ’s a chicken - egg type of self - fulfilling prophecy .
If it came to pass that the only beverage suppliers , including water , were CocaCola Inc and PepsiCo , and it was impossibly expensive for anyone else to legally provide beverages , there would be a good case to be made to regulate those companies in order to prevent them from selling us sewage at 10 dollars a bottle .
There would certainly be a black market in water , which the “ law and order ” types would cry about .
The quality and price of that black market water would be questionable and people would be killing each other over turf .
There would probably be some right wingers at that point saying “ let them die of thirst ” but in this case , the left - wingers would be right , in context .
But one must again question how such a situation came to pass .
One of the major forms of oligopolistic regulation and one of the most obvious is the idea of “ intellectual property ” .
Copyrights and patents directly establish oligopoly , if not monopoly , for a certain amount of time .
Patents at least are fairly limited in their time and scope .
But copyrights are essentially perpetual for the purposes of any human lifetime .
And the precedent has been set of extending copyright terms indefinitely , specifically to protect copyrights already held by big business .
( see Disney for an example )
After the fact of establishing this system of oligopoly , the government then will step in and subsidize those at the bottom of this government - created pyramid in order to prevent mass starvation and riots .
Interestingly enough , this subsidy also creates a barrier to entry in markets , by putting a floor on labor costs , making oligopoly worse , and pushing more people down to this floor in the long run .
Eventually the logic of this system leads to a sort of Kapitalist Leninism , in which there is one large producer that sells everything and employs everyone who is employed and everyone else is on welfare .
The movie Wall -e showed this sort of “ business communism ” pretty well .
Right wingers talk about “ markets ” all day long , but to a large extent , what they oppose is merely the welfare part of the system .
They oppose the redistribution from the rich and middle class to the poor , but not the redistribution from the poor and middle class to the rich .
If one takes their ideology to its logical extreme , we would have the banks owning everything , maybe the top 10 % of all workers in each field would have a job and everyone else would be forced to join the military or starve .
This military would necessarily be employed to protect “ private property ” from looters and rioters , so the common man would be forced to kill his neighbors or be killed by them .
The Kapitalist Leninism of the liberal consensus almost looks good in comparison .
This is what so - called liberals or progressives envision when you say the term “ free markets ” or “ capitalism ” to them .
Neither the “ left ” nor the “ right ” as we know them today understands or opposes the mechanism of oligopoly , they ’re just fighting over how the spoils are spread around .
To our descendents who will live in a free society , “ Dilbert ” would n’t make any sense .
No one could stay in business doing those things , because someone else would rise up to challenge any business run so poorly .
“ Office politics ” would be impossible because you ’d lose money , and there would n’t be endless reams of financing and “ bailouts ” to keep you in business .
Capital would grow horizontally and organically , because there would be an incentive to save .
This would lower the price of capital and make businesses more and more competitive , in wages , prices and product quality .
Without banks redistributing capital to the core and without the government raising the barriers to entry , “ big business ” as we know it – oligopolies who decide who is employed and who is unemployed , who produce shoddy products with poor customer service because “ where else are you going to go ? ” would be impossible .
This is why the “ free ” part of the phrase free markets is much more important than the market part .
We already have markets .
What we do n’t have is freedom .
Bush CIA head agreed to destruction of torture videotapes
By John Andrews
17 April 2010
According to a formerly secret email message made public Thursday , Porter J. Goss , appointed by President George W. Bush in 2004 to head the CIA , agreed to the November 2005 destruction of about 100 videos depicting the repeated waterboarding and other torture of two alleged Al Qaeda prisoners at a secret Thailand prison .
The email was among several documents recently released to the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) in the course of Freedom of Information Act litigation initiated in 2003 .
To date , the ACLU has made available over 100,000 pages of heavily redacted government documents detailing various aspects of the Bush administration ’s torture program .
The latest batch of documents reveals disputes between the CIA and Bush administration lawyers over the retention of video recordings depicting the 2002 torture of Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri .
Other documents confirm that CIA interrogators exceeded the generous limits on “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” — the Bush administration euphemism for torture — set out in the infamous torture memoranda prepared by White House counsel .
The recent cache of documents can be downloaded from the ACLU 's web site .
One document reveals that a CIA official assured then - White House counsel Jay Bybee ( now a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ) that although waterboarding “ may be used more than once , that repetition will not be substantial because the techniques generally lose their effectiveness after several repetitions , ” and that “ these acts will not be used with substantial repetition , so that there is no possibility that severe physical pain could arise from such repetition . ”
Yet , according to the same document , Abu Zubaydah was subjected to “ at least 83 [ waterboard ] exposures . ”
“ In addition to the disparity in numbers , ” the document continues , “ the method of water application as recorded on the tapes was at odds with the Bybee opinion . ”
What the differences were between the torture methods sanctioned by Bybee and those actually employed on Abu Zubaydah appears to have been redacted .
Another document , “ The CIA Interrogation of Abu Zubaydah , ” explains that although “ 24 - 48 hours of sleep deprivation ” were approved , “ due to a misunderstanding that time frame had been exceeded . ”
The document continues : “ However …since the process did not have adverse medical effects or result in hallucination ( thereby disrupting profoundly Abu Zubaydah ’s senses or personality ) it was within legal parameters . ”
The report goes on to assure the reader : “ It is not and has never been the Agency ’s intent to permit Abu Zubaydah to die in the course of interrogation and appropriately trained medical personnel have been on - site in the event an emergency medical situation arises . ”
Other documents detail the rationalization for destroying the tapes — the supposed protection of the agents doing the torturing — and instruct that future torture sessions be recorded on a single tape which can be reviewed at the end of the day ’s session and then reused the next day , erasing the prior recording “ for the protection and safety of officers . ”
The emails reveal , however , that the real reason was concern that the recordings would someday become public and reveal the war crimes being perpetrated by CIA officials .
Two emails were sent on November 10 , 2005 from an unidentified CIA official to Dusty Foggo , then the number three official in the CIA ( now a federal prisoner serving a 37 - month sentence for accepting bribes ) .
Just the day before , the tapes were destroyed on the orders of Jose A. Rodriguez Jr. , the head of the CIA ’s clandestine service .
The emails confirm not only that all involved were fully aware that the torture sessions violated the law , they reveal a criminal cover - up , and then a cover - up of the cover -up .
“ On the Zubaydah tapes , ” the first email begins , “ I am no longer feeling comfortable .
While I understand Jose ’s ‘ decision ’ ( and believe the tapes were bad news ) I was just told by [ CIA lawyer John ]
Rizzo that [ name redacted ] DID NOT concur on the cable — it was never discussed with him ( this is perhaps worse news , in that we may have ‘ improperly ’ destroyed something ) . ”
The email continues : “ Either [ name redacted ] lied to Jose about ‘ clearing ’ with [ name redacted ] ... ( my bet ) or Jose misstated the facts .
( It is not without relevance that [ name redacted ] figured prominently in the tapes as [ name redacted ] was in charge of [ name redacted ] at the time and clearly would want the tapes destroyed . )
Rizzo is clearly upset because he was on the hook to notify [ White House counsel ]
Harriet Miers of the status of the tapes because it was she who had asked to be advised before any action was taken .
Apparently Rizzo called Harriet this afternoon and she was livid , which he said was actually unusual for her .
Rizzo does not think is likely to just go away . ”
The second email is the one implicating CIA Chief Goss .
“ Jose raised with Porter …and explained that he ( Jose ) felt it was extremely important to destroy the tapes and that if there was any heat he would take it .
( PG [ Porter Goss ] laughed and said that actually , it would be he , PG , who would take the heat . )
PG , however , agreed with the decision .
“ As Jose said , the heat from destroying is nothing compared to what it would be if the tapes ever got into the public domain — he said that out of context , they would make us look terrible ; it would be ‘ devastating ’ to us . ”
Although the New York Times cites unnamed “ current and former intelligence officials ” as stating that Goss “ did not approve the destruction before it happened , ” the email strongly suggests that he did so , stating that the “ issue of the Abu Zubaydah tapes were discussed ” right after the G - 7 Meeting , which occurred nine months earlier .
The CIA had been ordered the previous year to preserve all documents that might respond to the ACLU lawsuit .
The destruction of the tapes , which violated that order as well as various criminal statutes , has been investigated for more than two years by a special Justice Department prosecutor , John Durham , an assistant US attorney from Connecticut .
Robert Bennett , the lawyer representing Rodriguez in that investigation , said , “ Jose did not in the dark of night destroy these things ; it was discussed within the agency and with Congress . ”
His client , Bennett added , “ was protecting his people and the national security of the country .
He deserves a medal not an investigation . ”
Bennett did not elaborate on how destroying evidence of war crimes helps national security or warrants a decoration .
Jameel Jaffer , director of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s national security project , said the documents “ make pretty clear the CIA was willing to commit the crime of destroying the tapes in order to cover up the crime of torture . ”
He could have added that officials in both the Bush and Obama administrations are complicit in the crime of covering up for those responsible for the tapes ’ destruction .
The man at the center of the Guardians of the free Republics is Texas talk - show host Sam Kennedy – and he 's already gotten a Texas radio station in hot water as law enforcement reacted rapidly to what has been construed as a direct threat to all 50 US governors .
Mr. Kennedy " is the focal point of this , these guardians .
He was in the mix in setting this whole thing up , and he's up to his eyeballs in this Restore America project , " says John Stadtmiller , who runs Republic Broadcasting Network based in Round Rock , Texas , which broadcasts Kennedy 's weekly " Take No Prisoners " show .
Restore America project , as articulated on the Guardians of the free Republics website , is part screed , part call to action to depose an illegitimate government in favor of restoring the people 's " common law . "
The website describes it as " a war college restoration strategy for regaining control [ of government in the states ] quietly , efficiently and quickly without provoking controversy , ridicule , violence or civil war . "
It purports to have military backing for a takeover .
On Friday afternoon , Mr. Stadtmiller , reached by phone , said , " I talked to Kennedy a half - hour ago and ... I told him I 'm getting a lot of heat , that you stirred the pot here , and that your plan for how to deal with the media and let them know what is going on has failed miserably . "
The FBI interviewed Kennedy for two hours Friday but did not arrest him , Stadtmiller says .
The interview focused on two shows Kennedy did two months ago about the Restore America project , in which Kennedy set a March 31 deadline as the day we " begin to reclaim the continent . "
The letters mailed to the governors were part of that plan , confirms Stadtmiller .
In the first of two one - hour programs , Kennedy intoned : " I 'm dedicating tonight 's program to all … the men and women who have suffered these many years at the hands of a corporation gone crazy , to people 's homes invaded by SWAT teams , guns pointed at the heads of children by agents of a corporate state acting in territorial capacity outside normal constitutional limitations on the land of your forefathers . "
The FBI has not released the letters .
The bureau said they contain no direct threat but asserted that their implied threat to governors could serve to spark lone - wolf violence .
In response , several states increased capitol security Friday .
All entrances except the main doors were closed at the Nevada capitol .
Republic Broadcasting
Network is well known to those who study extremism , as well as to the FBI .
It 's a rabble - rousing station that trafficks in conspiracy theories – part of a long - standing American tradition of underground radio .
But post - 9/11 , such radio stations walk a tighter rope as law enforcement has more leeway prosecuting speech that incites violence , says George Michael , a political scientist and extremism expert at the University of Virginia 's College at Wise .
" My understanding is that speech only becomes a basis for prosecution … when it becomes the basis for an incitement to imminent lawless actions , and that depends obviously on establishing links between what might be said on the radio , " says Professor Michael .
" The difficulty in prosecution is drawing links between talk and action . "
Stadtmiller says the FBI agents told Kennedy , in essence , " We know you 're not a threat , but we spent millions of dollars guarding [ governors ] .
The next time you do something like this , give us a heads up .
Do n’t waste our time and money . "
For his part , Stadtmiller says he would have pulled Kennedy 's show immediately " if there was any indication of violence . "
Mr. Stadtmiller advertises Republic as a " truth radio station " and says it 's " designed for peaceful resolution to problems we 're facing . "
Republican Broadcasting Network is a satellite , shortwave , and Internet radio station that features 31 shows with names like " Cutting Through the Matrix , " " Govern America , " and " Road Warrior Radio . "
It has loose ties to the American Free Press newspaper , which Michael calls " the most important newspaper of the radical right . "
When we mentioned the Flaming Lips would be covering Dark Side Of The Moon , opinions were divided equally between it being a bad idea and a fun one , but only if you did n’t take them / it too seriously .
The latter opinion was right .
Few bands have as much fun — onstage or off — as the Flaming Lips , who took Stardeath And White Dwarfs with them to perform Friday night .
Their “ Breathe ” sounds pretty close to an Embryonic outtake , so this is kind of like a regular Lips performance , complete with a gong , costumes , and way too many people on stage .
The Flaming Lips And Stardeath And White Dwarfs With Henry Rollins And Peaches Doing The Dark Side Of The Moon is out now on iTunes .
This performance was to celebrate the cover album ’s release on vinyl as part of Record Store Day .
Interview with Portugal 's Labor Minister ' We Want to Get the Budget Under Control '
Fears are mounting that Portugal could become the euro zone 's next major problem as ratings agencies downgrade the country 's debt .
Labor Minister Helena André tells SPIEGEL ONLINE how the country plans to ward off the crisis .
MIT students Tony Hyun Kim and Nevada Sanchez created the electrical engineering project in 2009 , and put together the entire package for less than $ 100 .
The glove allows users to zoom around a map application , like using a smartphone touchscreen without the screen -- the gloved hands can " grab " the map and do the familiar pinching motion with their fingers to zoom in .
Opera announced on Monday that its Opera Mini for iPhone was approved by Apple for distribution via the App Store .
Though App
Store restrictions have so far limited alternate browsers to those that use the built - in capabilities of WebKit , Opera Mini is the first true alternative browser — rendering engine and all — to challenge Mobile Safari .
And it 's popular right now : it 's at the top of the free app charts on the iTunes Store throughout Europe at the time of publication .
Opera Mini gets around Apple 's restrictions on downloading and executing scripts — needed to execute JavaScript — by using a proxy server for all connections .
When you request a webpage in Opera Mini , the request is sent to Opera 's servers , which then download the page .
Then Opera 's servers prerender and repackage the content into an ostensibly wireless network - friendly package for quick downloading to a mobile device .
Opera Mini then renders the content on your iPhone using its own rendering engine .
The idea behind this is that Opera Mini should be faster to download and render Web content , and should look much better than some phones ' anemic and / or WAP - only browsers .
Opera Mini is quite popular on some other platforms , and Opera claims that it has over 50 million users worldwide .
Unfortunately for Opera Mini for iPhone , though , Mobile Safari has raised our expectations of what a mobile browser should be .
When it comes to rendering quality , Mobile Safari wipes the floor with Opera Mini .
WebKit is a great rendering engine , and far and away the most popular one on mobile devices — it 's in webOS , Android , and Symbian , in addition to iPhone OS .
Webpages render about as fast as the iPhone can download them , layouts look the same as their desktop counterparts , and type and graphics look great .
Opera Mini , on the other hand , is pretty hit or miss .
Layouts have a number of quirks , like the fact that all text seems to be rendered in Helvetica — not even common " Web safe " fonts like Georgia or Arial are used by Opera Mini .
Even using Helvetica , though , most pages are completely unreadable when zoomed out .
Clearly Opera Mini is n't using the iPhone OS 's built - in text rendering APIs .
Ars Technica as rendered by Opera Mini on the left , and Mobile Safari on the right
That 's not too bad , since Opera Mini can quickly zoom in .
However , double - tapping on sections showed unpredictable behavior .
Sometimes it zoomed in too much , or too little , or just did n't zoom at all .
Once zoomed in , Opera Mini seems fine .
Text is easy to read and pages scroll quickly .
It 's much harder to avoid accidental diagonal scrolling when scanning a page , though , since Opera Mini lacks the vertical scrolling lock that Mobile Safari uses .
You can see Opera Mini 's random zooming behavior on the left , and Mobile Safari 's zooming on the right .
Another area where Mobile Safari exceeds Opera Mini is in JavaScript execution .
Some parts of the Ars homepage , like the scrolling features box , simply do n't work with whatever Opera is running on its proxy servers .
I found no way to predict what would work and what would n't on a particular page .
As for the claims that Opera Mini should be faster than Mobile Safari , I just did n't see it .
I restricted browsing to using the fair - to - middling 3G signal I get in my apartment building , and saw no appreciable advantage for Opera Mini over Mobile Safari .
Daring Fireball reports that Opera Mini is faster over EDGE , and I did notice that Mobile Safari was a little slower at downloading some larger graphics .
However , most pages I tried would render the text and be readable as fast or faster than Opera Mini , even on EDGE .
If you 're using a first - gen iPhone or turn off your 3G radio regularly , this advantage might be worth looking into .
However , you might not appreciate the trade - off in text and image rendering quality .
Left : Opera Mini will offer to store passwords for you .
Right :
The tap - and - hold gesture for calling up a context popup is nice , but it takes some getting used to .
Notice the non-standard text selection mechanism .
Opera Mini does offer some nice interface and usability features .
Most prominent is the " Speed Dial " feature , which is basically a set of nine visual bookmarks that opens when you first launch Opera or open a new tab .
Opera Mini prepopulates some of the spots with a decent set of common bookmarks , including Twitter , Facebook , The New York Times , AccuWeather , and of course a link to the My Opera portal .
To add or edit a Speed Dial bookmark , simply tap and hold to call up a pop - up menu .
You can then either enter a URL or select from a list of recently accessed URLs .
The tap and hold method can also call up popup menus when browsing , for selecting or editing text , saving images to your photos folder , or opening links in a new tab .
It 's a good idea , but it does take a little while to get used to how it works .
Tapping and holding causes the popup menu to appear directly beneath your finger , obscuring the options .
You have to tap and hold , wait for the popup to appear , and then deliberately pull your finger away to keep the menu from inadvertently disappearing .
It 's not bad , per se , but quirky .
Left : Opera Mini's tab switcher is a clever improvement over Mobile Safari's .
Right : Hitting the " wrench " gives access to a number of settings and options .
Speaking of tabs , Opera Mini has a clever UI for keeping track of them .
Tap the " tab " button ( second from right ) on the button bar , and a little tab switcher pops up , complete with preview icons .
Tapping the plus sign opens a new empty tab with a location bar and Speed Dial bookmarks .
Tapping any open tab slides it on top of the little stack of open tabs and loads that tab 's content in the window .
Tapping the big red " x " will close a tab .
Tapping in the window or the tab button will dismiss the tab switcher .
I found this quicker to use than Mobile Safari 's tab switching .
Perhaps the nicest bit of UI flair is the forward and back behavior .
Opera Mini keeps as many pages as possible cached in memory .
When you click back or forward , it simply slides the previous or next page into view .
It 's fast and feels natural , and it avoids Mobile Safari 's knack for unnecessarily reloading some content .
I was planning to complain about Opera Mini 's pixel - wasting title banner until I started experimenting with the Settings menu .
( And do n't bother with the in - app help , as there 's no actual guide in there . )
Here , you can change several thing about how the browser works , including enabling a full - screen option .
The full - screen mode gets rid of the title bar , and tucks the address bar up out of the way after loading a page ( like Mobile Safari does ) .
At the bottom are two translucent buttons : a back button on the left , and a button to bring up the toolbar on the right .
This gives you much more browsing screen real estate , and it's the way I preferred to use Opera after I discovered it .
Left : Fullscreen browsing is the way to go in Opera Mini .
Right : Mobile View is fast , but certainly not more readable .
There 's also a " mobile view , " which will essentially strip out most of the CSS style and layout , giving you a view much like the cruddy browsers from yesteryear 's feature phones .
It will speed up your browsing , but in practical use , even a semantically marked - up webpage will suffer from usability and readability in this mode .
If you really want to speed up your browsing , you can bump down the image quality .
This will cause Opera 's servers to compress images more before sending them to your phone .
The high quality setting looks pretty comparable to Mobile Safari when zoomed in ( this does n't help Opera Mini 's inferior image zooming technique , however ) .
" Medium " seems to give a noticeable speed increase , and the image quality difference was n't particularly bothersome .
Low quality images are even faster , but just look bad .
You can turn off image loading altogether , if that suits your particular browsing needs .
You can change the default type size , as well .
I did n't really notice any useful differences between the settings here , though .
A full page of type is still unreadable at any setting , making zooming in the only option to read text .
Larger text just means more scrolling .
Left : Settings is where you can tweak your browsing experience .
I recommend " Medium " images , " Medium " text , and " Fullscreen " on .
Right : Privacy settings are there if you want them .
There 's an option to enable Opera Link , which will automatically sync all your bookmarks and browser history between Opera Mini and Opera on the desktop , if that 's your browser of choice .
Privacy settings also let you turn off the saving of passwords , turn off cookies , or clear your browser 's history , saved passwords , or cookies .
It 's worth noting , however , that all of your browsing passes through Opera 's servers — including SSL connections , passwords , and more .
If you 're concerned enough about privacy to want to use these settings , you would probably want avoid giving Opera potential access to all your browsing as well .
Overall , Opera Mini has some nice UI features that some will really appreciate .
Its look and feel is decidedly " Opera-y , " which may feel a little out of place on the iPhone , and it also has a few UI and text quirks that deviate from apps that leverage more of the iPhone 's built - in frameworks .
But it does work pretty much as advertised .
Unless you 're stuck with an EDGE connection or do n't mind turning down the image quality , though , the potential speed advantage just does n't outweigh Mobile Safari 's far superior rendering in our view .
The upside is that Opera Mini for iPhone is free ( as in beer ) , so it wo n't hurt to give it a try .
Article in The Daily Tontería :
San Hoyo , California : A coroner ’s report released yesterday by police confirmed the presence of marijuana compounds in the system of Jonah Ellis , a 23 - year - old man who was killed last Thursday just outside the town limits when struck by a meteorite .
Police Chief Dirk Jackson refused to speculate whether this news would have an impact on the upcoming referendum on the legalization of marijuana in California this November , but noted that , “ In the 10 years I ’ve been in San Hoyo , 100 % of meteorite fatalities have been marijuana - related , demonstrating a clear link .
It ’s certainly got to make you think . ”
Calvina Califano , spokesperson for Citizens Resisting Against Pot , had harsher words to say about the referendum .
“ If legalization passes , ” she said , “ you can absolutely count on an increase in meteorite strikes .
And we wo n’t be as lucky the next time .
People will be smoking pot outside day - care centers , and when that meteorite strikes , the collateral damage will be measured in mothers sifting through the rubble for the mangled corpses of their infant children .
Marijuana : harmless ?
Let those legalizers tell that to the grieving mothers . ”
A representative of the Coalition to Legalize and Regulate Marijuana in California claimed that the meteorite strike was unrelated to marijuana use , but was unable to precisely explain why Jonah Ellis was hit .
Scientists note that meteorites are formed from the debris of asteroids , and that there are literally millions upon millions of asteroids .
If marijuana is legalized , it could take many years to exhaust the supply , and some say the damage to society could be permanent .
Information
Filename : RCC histroy of child abuse.png
Size : 634x710
Uploaded : 2010-04-03
Popular tags on the site
cheerleader ranma smashing magic yuko donnamodelo.com forza sprites paintball shevington giger bonton jessica dubai ebooks renee death_note avril 1999 1nsane comic emma invasion spain wallpaper family ryushin_09 ryushin_15 falco rwpeuro2006 stephy fxc chubby soepkip cat dilbert ryushin_ 14 rippenspreizer rx7 mariage manga hr_giger glastonbury krystal ka_series_l cia megaten bier himos
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
My first inclination was to tell Carly I ’d answered the ad in the local alt - weekly asking for energetic self - starters who cared about the environment because , in the words of Albert Camus , I wished to find out what might happen should I open myself to the gentle indifference of the world , to learn if in the midst of winter there was within me an invincible summer .
Since I suspected that might sound pessimistic or confusing what with it being early summer in North Carolina , I told her it was because of hog waste .
For months , the state ’s largest newspapers had been covering river and groundwater contamination caused by leaking “ lagoons ” dug to contain manure produced by the state ’s seven million hogs .
One article had described a viscous red muck the color of coagulating blood rushing knee - deep through the woods and fields , coating acres of tobacco and soybeans until it found the river .
It was dangerous and gross and had pushed me over the edge .
The others nodded in shared disgust .
Carly flopped over the orange fringe of her denim skirt and suggested I incorporate the story into my pitch because “ it ’s hard to argue with poop . ”
The way she said “ poop ” made it sound cute and fun , so I said I would , while wondering what she meant by “ my pitch . ”
She pronounced this awesome .
As did the ten other rising college seniors with similarly thin employment histories making up the rest of the circle on the threadbare carpet of a spartan office in Chapel Hill .
It had only taken me a moment to recognize Carly as the person who had answered the phone number listed in the ad .
By the end of the call I ’d learned I was not only an energetic self - starter but also a citizen activist and coalition builder who was willing to work flexible hours five days a week for the rest of the summer and be paid through a multi-tiered , incentive - laden bonus structure .
My potential employer : the U.S. Public Interest Research Group , one of the older consumer and public interest watchdog organizations in the United States .
A box fan blew warm air around the warm room as she explained she was there to teach us what it meant to be a Regional Field Analyst for U.S. PIRG .
And what it meant to be a Regional Field Analyst for U.S. PIRG was knock on doors asking for donations .
Someone asked the question on everyone ’s mind :
How much would we make over the summer ?
The answer : potentially three to four thousand dollars .
I thought this a good answer as it would be three to four thousand dollars more than what I had at the moment and ignored her caveats that we ’d need to work a 40 - hour week , and consistently exceed our quotas since we ’d get to keep 30 percent over the quota , which would increase with our levels of experience .
“ My quota , for instance , is $ 150 .
All of you will start out with a goal of raising $ 80 , but remember this , ” advised Carly , eager for a different subject , “ if they ask for a flier for ‘ later consideration ’ keep pressing them .
No one sends in money after taking the fliers ; they get lost or tossed .
Do n’t let them close the door .
Transition to the petition .
And keep talking .
And do n’t say “ you . ”
It ’s too aggressive .
Talk about ‘ us ’ and ‘ we ’ and ‘ our . ’ ”
Carly handed out our assignments in the form of neighborhood lists and home addresses then ceded the floor to Marcus , a Senior Regional Field Analyst and Army veteran with blond surfer hair and a pink tank top .
“ What we ’re doing matters , ” he said , pacing before the group .
“ It ’s a service .
We ’re not selling insurance here .
This is life and death .
If someone is n’t polite enough to even listen and yells at me , I give it back to them and tell them it does n’t make a difference to me if they get cancer and die .
That makes the point . ”
A bit much , maybe , but I laughed with everyone else and that afternoon , an aging Monte Carlo driven by Marcus dropped Carly and I off in a quiet , leafy neighborhood of late - model houses and SUVs .
After two hours of ringing doorbells with Carly and observing her facility for separating money from its owners , I was sent off on my own .
An hour of doorbell - ringing on unresponsive houses later , I did n’t have a single dollar to my name when I approached a three story split - level , ranch - colonial in Easter egg pastels .
A husband , Ken , and wife , Julie , listened politely as I stumbled through my bullet points then invited me inside and pointed out a chair at the kitchen table .
I sat , Julie left the room , and Ken paced .
For the next twenty minutes , he provided a history of his house painting business , how he started with nothing and how this made success all the sweeter .
And that I needed a tougher attitude .
“ Life is about selling , ” he preached .
“ And how do I know what you ’re doing is for real ?
A fellow like you shows up on my doorstep with a backpack , how do I know you ’re not dangerous ?
How well do you know these people ?
Do your parents know what you ’re doing ? ”
I told him I was out there because it was high time people started caring about something beyond their own “ individual concerns . ”
I knew I ’d made a mistake as soon as I said it .
Ken hunched forward to assume a stance best described as defecatory .
“ You do n’t get it .
People do n’t care about anything but themselves .
That ’s the truth . ”
In his pose , I saw opportunity .
“ Poop . ”
“ What ? ”
“ Poop .
I ’m here because of poop .
Cow poop , horse poop , chicken poop , hog poop .
Mostly hog poop .
Poop ’s a part of life , but I do n’t want to swim in it .
Or drink it .
Do you ?
Rivers are n’t toilets . ”
I felt like I ’d invented a bumper sticker , and I liked it .
“ Now I ’m interested .
I do n’t know how it relates to me , my water ’s fine , and I like bacon , but I ’m curious .
If I give you ten dollars , how much goes to solving the problem ?
How do you go about solving the problem ?
And how do I know my money is used for that and not to pay you or make more fliers ? ”
Since some of the money did go to me and did go to fliers , his line of questioning grated .
I could tell he thought of himself as a teacher , but he was n’t the kind of teacher who rooted for you to succeed ;
He was the teacher who had wanted to be a famous physicist but , instead , was teaching algebra and compensated by reminding you that you were disappointing your parents .
But there was a checkbook in the house , and I was determined to introduce it to one of the oldest consumer and public interest watchdog organizations in the United States , so I answered .
“ Nine out of every ten bucks , ” I explained , pretty sure I was mostly right , “ goes directly into lobbying local representatives and program work . ”
“ What does that mean ?
How do I know you are n’t lying ?
Can I call you and get a report on the use of my money ? ”
“ You can call the organization . ” I pointed at a phone number on a flier .
“ I ’ve never heard of your organization , ” he said , “ Maybe if I call , the person on the other end of the phone will lie to me , or maybe it ’s a fake number .
Can I call you ? ”
“ No .
You ca n’t call me . ”
“ Then you are n’t personally accountable . ”
At this point , I had my doubts about what I was doing .
Maybe he was right .
Maybe I was a sucker for taking this job .
Maybe idealism was for fools .
Maybe all of this was a dream orchestrated by a worldwide conspiracy of industrialists flying around in black helicopters who had implanted microchips in my brain so I might serve an agenda so insidious and complex it was beyond my comprehension .
Anything was possible .
“ I ’m trying to help . ”
The statement caught my attention since that ’s what I was trying to do .
Such helpful people were lucky to have found each other .
I told him it was time for me to go and walked next door where his neighbor hollered at me through the screen door to take my Jesus somewhere else .
I skipped a few addresses and tried a different street on the assumption that emotional states cluster like invisible matter and I needed to get outside this one ’s gravitational field .
A plump woman with white hair answered her door in a sweatshirt stitched with a dozen cat faces and balloon letters asserting “ Persians are Purr - fect . ”
When she blinked up at me I felt more intrusive than at any other point so far and quickly introduced myself , telling her I was collecting money for the environment and left it at that .
It was an approach that demanded dismissal .
She held out a twenty .
I looked at her , looked at the money , then back at her .
Finally someone understood what I was doing .
I might have been inarticulate and disheveled with my shoelaces untied , but she still got it .
So what if she had a silly sweatshirt ?
At least she cared about the goddamn planet .
She folded my fingers around the bill , patting them closed , and gestured toward a tree in the front yard .
“ What do we have if we do n’t have our home ? ”
“ Nothing , ” I said .
She asked why I ’d become involved , and I told her about the rivers , avoiding the word poop .
“ Oh , ” she brightened , “ the pig shit .
Well honey , remember people like their barbecue .
This is North Carolina . ”
“ It is , ” I said while thinking that I ’d suggest future Field Analyst training be condensed into three statements .
People are selfish .
People like barbecue .
Cat sweaters are underrated .
That ’s pretty much all you needed to know to survive this job .
She was still patting my hand .
“ Thank you , ” I said , by means of extraction .
With a final squeeze , she told me to go get ’em .
I had five hours to go , and was a quarter of the way to my quota , but the first donation of the day would also be my last .
Trying to think like a Field Analyst , by the middle of the week , I developed a working profile of a donation - prone house .
I did n’t work door - to - door long enough to fully test my theories , but preliminary anecdotal data implied an existence of certain cost / ego coefficients multipliable by variables like square footage and garden plumage .
Single story was good .
An over - manicured lawn with a complex garden spilling into the street was bad , as was any house hidden in deep shade and difficult to see from the street .
Garish paint jobs — eggshell blue shutters and sunrise yellow on the front door — bad .
Do n’t bother walking up a driveway filled by an SUV .
An old diesel Volvo is your friend .
And whatever they drive , read their bumper stickers .
My third day on the job , a woman a few years older than I invited me inside ; confessed she was house - sitting and bored ; and offered me a chair and a beer , which I refused ( the beer ) because I wanted to maintain an air of professional dignity .
She was pretty in the same way that Carly was pretty , and the thought sparked a strange fantasy where I imagined both of them hitchhiking across the country to Grateful Dead or Phish concerts .
Asking again if I was sure about the beer , she took a flier , offered up a few dollars , and told me to stay as long as I wanted .
The way she said it made me jumpy .
I thanked her and left , telling her I had a quota .
I needed to hit my quota .
That night , after work , I joined Carly and Marcus and a six - pack of Olympia on a soccer field .
Pleased to have what I thought was a funny story , I interrupted Marcus , who was muttering something about the problem of benzene in tap water , to mention the beer offer .
The story stopped Marcus in the middle of freeing his ponytail from its rubber band .
He studied me from within a ratty blond halo .
“ You did n’t take it ? ”
“ Well , no .
I would have smelled like beer . ”
“ Dude . ”
“ I think it ’s sweet that he did n’t , ” said Carly , looking my way to smile .
“ Man , bring gum if you ’re worried about smelling like beer , but take the beer .
Be friendly .
See what happens .
And untuck your shirt . ”
The object of his discontent was a green short - sleeved polo usually reserved for meeting parents and other adults I wished to impress as a nice young man .
“ What ’s wrong with my shirt ? ”
“ You look like you ’re ready to play golf .
And drinking a beer with a donor does n’t always end with drinking a beer . ”
“ No , ” I said .
“ Yes , ” he said .
“ That ’s actually happened ?
To you ? ”
“ It ’s a wild world , my young Jedi .
A wild world . ”
The past few days had n’t inspired much hope , or patience .
But in the unlikely event that Marcus was correct and I had unknowingly stumbled my way into an issue of Penthouse Letters edited by Greenpeace , the potential for similar interactions in the future did sound like evidence that good things can happen to good people , and of the world working the way it should .
Then again , how often would I need strangers to offer adult beverages and companionship to offset the other people who thought I was in a cult ?
The answer : a lot more than seemed likely .
Walking to my car , I told Carly I did n’t think I was cut out for going door - to - door .
She smiled and asked me to give it some time .
I said I would .
Two days later we ended up at her place , a house in a kudzu patch filled with old mattresses and bongs , where I met a few of her roommates and learned the scent of patchouli oil and unconsummated attraction .
“ The world is unjust , ” she observed , collapsing into the sofa , the latest issue of Mother Jones across her lap .
Then , after a pause , she said there was something she ’d been meaning to ask .
“ When do you think you ’ll be ready for a higher quota ? ”
On what would be my last day , and at house # 3 , I was interrupted in sentence # 1 by a chemist for Glaxo who told me I did n’t know what the hell I was talking about before slamming the door .
At house # 7 , I was asked : “ If you ’re so opposed to urban sprawl and mass development on wetlands where , then , are all the people supposed to go ? ”
We argued about house size and two car garages and herbicides leaching into the soil and fish kills and I earned another snort , another slam , and a heart swollen with righteous indignation .
Ignoring my own preliminary findings re : cost / ego coefficients and house profiles , I braved a driveway filled by vehicles plastered with Marine Corps bumper stickers .
The door opened to a darkened room framing a man my age in a white t- shirt and blue jeans .
He looked like he considered bench - pressing a serious hobby and regarded me with a mix of confusion and revulsion .
I smiled and began my pitch .
He told me to go fuck myself and get a real job .
Taking longer to leave than I should have , I stopped on the bottom step , untucked my shirt , and fell into a funk .
Marcus came to mind .
He would n’t have taken crap off this guy .
The thought shamed me .
I was n’t quite ready to do a perfect impression of him but made an attempt .
“ Fine , ” I muttered , “ get cancer . ”
I was halfway down the front walkway when I heard the creak of door hinges and the rush of quick footsteps .
A hand smacked into my back .
I skipped forward , found my balance , and turned around to find an angry man asking me in a loud and high - pitched voice that rose with his anger at what I ’d said .
“ I am a deadly motherfucking weapon , motherfucker , ” he told me .
“ Now get off my yard before I rip your head off and shit down your neck . ”
It was the first time outside of a movie I ’d heard someone make such a promise .
Apparently people really do talk like this .
Sensing it was n’t the moment for a witty comeback , I gambled that he ’d leave me alone , turned away , and resumed my departure .
When he did n’t continue his pursuit , I stomped indignantly across his lawn to let him know who was in charge .
He was a jerk , and I ’d shown up unannounced and uninvited , but he was not entirely wrong about one thing .
I needed a job that would teach me something other than how to absorb abuse .
Approaching a couple houses with halfhearted queries , I accepted their shaking heads and spent the rest of my shift luxuriating in the grass next to the fire hydrant that was our pickup spot until Marcus drove up in the Monte Carlo and rolled down his window .
“ Give ’em hell ? ” he asked .
“ Oh yeah , ” I said .
“ Always . ”
Western Conference Finals Schedule
In the first period , Hamilton opened the scoring with a goal at 16:58 .
Hunter Bishop played the puck to the net from the right - wing circle and Climie made the initial save , but could not control the rebound .
Bulldogs ’ forward Gabriel Dumont scooped up the rebound and backhanded the puck past Climie for his second goal of the playoffs and a 1 - 0 Hamilton lead .
In the second period , the Stars countered with a power - play goal at 9:04 , tying the game 1 - 1 .
Texas worked the puck with quick passes fromto Travis Morin , who finally set up Stafford in front of the Hamilton net .
The Stars defensman snapped his third of the playoffs over the glove of Bulldogs goalie Curtis Sanford for the Stars goal .
Hamilton would score a power - play goal of its own before the end of the period .
Bulldogs winger Brock Trotter found defenseman Shawn Belle in front of the Texas net .
Belle fired a wrist shot at 17:51 past the outreached glove of Climie , scoring his first of the playoffs and pushing Hamilton back in front 2 - 1.
In the third period , Texas tied the game 2 - 2 at 5:56 .
Right wing Greg Rallo pitched the puck to the Hamilton net as left wing Scott McCulloch snuck down the wing towards the Bulldogs net .
McCulloch redirected the puck past Curtis Sanford for his second goal of the playoffs .
Morin added an assist on the play that tied the game and forced sudden - death overtime .
Texas broke through with 1:28 left on the clock in overtime for the win.played the puck to the Hamilton net , the puck rolled behind goalie Curtis Sanford to the goal - line .
Texas centerreached and poked the puck over the line for his sixth goal of the playoffs and a 3 - 2 overtime win for Texas at 18:32 .
Game 1 - Texas 2 at Hamilton 3 ( OT ) Game 2 - Texas 1 at Hamilton 3 Game 3 - Hamilton 4 at Texas 5 ( OT ) Game 4 - Hamilton 1 at Texas 2 ( OT ) Game 5 – Hamilton 3 at Texas 0 Game 6 - Texas 3 at Hamilton 2 ( OT ) ( Series tied 3 - 3 ) To purchase a Calder Cup playoff package , which offers fans the same seat for all 16 possible home games , fans may call 512 - GO - STARS .
To rent a suite for a home playoff game or book a group , those interested may call 512 - GO - STARS .
Individual tickets for playoff games at Cedar Park Center also can be purchased by calling Ticketmaster at 1-800- 745-3000 , visiting any Ticketmaster outlet or the Cedar Park Center box office , or online at ticketmaster.com .2010 -11
Season ticket packages to see the Stars play in their second season at the Cedar Park Center are on sale now , starting as low as $ 12.00 a seat .
For more information on Texas Stars season tickets call ( 512 ) GO - STARS ( 467-8277 ) or visit www.TexasStarsHockey.com .
Anyone interested in purchasing season tickets , suites , group tickets or mini-plans may call the Texas Stars front office .
As noted many times over the years , defensiveness in response to constant accusations of liberal bias is what causes " the so - called liberal media " to bend over backwards and do things institutionally that are n't very liberal at all -- like running unedited videos from only one side of the great American political debate .
And when we say one side , remember that the Tea Party is hardly half of the American people -- polls show support for its ultra-conservative views to be largely on the order of 25 - 28 percent of the electorate , at the most .
This backwards bending over increased last year , especially in the wake of the ACORN episode -- which is more than a tad ironic since that story was largely a triumph of conservative misinformation -- and also the Tea Party protests which took the mainstream Big Media outlets by surprise .
Chechens and Russians are citizens of the same country , products of the same education system , holders of the same passports .
And yet , two women could walk onto the Moscow metro and blow themselves up , along with 40 blameless commuters .
There could be no more graphic example of the giant gap in comprehension between the two nations than this , and it is a gap that has lasted since the first encounter between them back in the 18th century .
When these two peoples first met , it was the ultimate in culture clashes .
In 1721 , Russian troops , servants of Peter the Great , emissaries of Europe ’s most autocratic state , rode west off their line of march and met Chechen horsemen .
The Chechens came from an opposite culture .
They had no government -- every village ruled itself -- with individuals moderating their behaviour through the influence of custom , and the dangers of blood feud .
This first encounter set the tone for all that followed .
The meeting turned into a fight .
The Russian unit was wiped out .
A second invader was also , with more success , seeking to conquer the Chechen lands around this time , and that was Islam .
Led by wandering adepts of the Naqshbandi Sufi groups , Chechens were believers by the end of the 18th century , and it was under the green or black banners of Islam , that resistance to Russia would be organised .
Chechnya , November 11 2008 , Photo CC2.0 LOrBoNoSi
“ On the opposite bank of the river Sunzha in the village of Aldy a prophet has appeared and started to preach .
He has submitted superstitious and ignorant people to his will by claiming to have had a revelation , ” wrote a Russian major - general in a letter in 1785 .
This was unacceptable , and a mission was despatched to Aldy to show the prophet – who was calling himself Sheikh Mansur – who was boss .
On arriving at Aldy , however , the Russians found it empty .
They burned a few houses , and turned for home , only to discover their victory was far from complete .
The villagers were waiting for them in the forests along the road and the punitive expedition turned into a humiliating rout .
Half the force was destroyed and many of the rest drowned in the Sunzha .
The Naqshbandi brotherhood – of which Mansur may have been a part – spread deep into the mountains after his victory , as the highlanders enjoyed the breathing space given them by the Napoleonic Wars .
Fresh from their victory over the French , however , the Russians did not plan to let this continue for long .
Alexander Yermolov , one of the greatest heroes of those wars against Napoleon , believed in controlling these turbulent people , and in writing his philosophy across the map .
Starting in 1817 he erected forts called Vnezapnaya ( “ Sudden ” ) , Neotstupny Stan ( “ No Retreat ” ) , Zlobny Okop ( “ Malicious ” ) and Burnaya ( “ Stormy ” ) .
At the heart of them all was a fort that would become a town , then a city .
He gave it the same name as that used to describe Ivan “ the Terrible ” : Grozny .
“ The Caucasus may be likened to a mighty fortress , marvellously strong by nature , artificially protected by military works , and defended by a numerous garrison .
Only thoughtless men would attempt to escalade such a stronghold .
A wise commander would see the necessity of having recourse to military art ; would lay his parallels ; advance by sap and mine , and so master the place , ” said one of the Yermolov ’s generals , laying out a strategy that has been used ever since .
It was not a strategy calculated to win much support from civilians , however , as villagers found themselves treated as soldiers , resettled out of the mountains , or forced further into the high valleys if they refused to submit .
Every summer the Russians destroyed Chechen villages , and every autumn the Chechens rebuilt .
In September 1819 , the Russians came to Dadi - Yurt , where the inhabitants defied them .
Encouraged by their women and children , the men fought to the last .
The massacre was terrible .
Only 14 men survived , and only 140 women and children were led into captivity .
We do not have a Chechen voice to tell us how they felt after these horrors , but words written by Lev Tolstoy almost a century later ring true .
“ The fountain had been fouled , evidently on purpose , so that water could not be taken from it .
Similarly defiled was the mosque , and the mullah and his pupils were cleansing it , ” he wrote of a different massacre in his masterful book Hadji Murad .
“ The elders of the village had gathered on the square and , squatting down , were discussing their position .
Nobody even spoke of hatred of the Russians .
The feeling that all Chechens , both young and old , experienced was stronger than hatred .
It was not hatred , but the refusal to recognise these Russian dogs as people , and such revulsion , disgust and bewilderment before the ridiculous desire of these beings , that the desire for their destruction , like the desire for the destruction of rats , poisonous spiders and wolves , was just as natural a feeling as the feeling of self - preservation . ”
But Leo Tolstoy was a rare Russian , who could sympathise with the highlanders .
Most Russians have forgotten these massacres , if they even knew about them in the first place , and their leaders even boasted at times of peace of the two nations ’ equality , as if the Chechens had willingly united with them to form a union state .
The actions of their generals have been forgotten .
In Soviet times , there was even a statue of Yermolov in the centre of Grozny and , seeing it , every Chechen would know what this supposed hero had done , but few Russians would .
Resistance to the Russians in the 19th century was largely led by Avars , neighbours of the Chechens from the high villages of Dagestan .
The movement , which had been Naqshbandi in structure , collapsed in 1859 when Imam Shamil , its leader , was surrounded and surrendered .
In captivity , he reminisced at length about his decades of war against the Russians .
The Chechens had been some of his most ferocious warriors , but he had nothing good to say about them .
“ There is nothing worse than this trash in the whole world .
The Russians should say thank you to me that I corrected them a little .
Without this you would have only one way to deal with them : shoot them to the last man , as is done with harmful animals , ” he told his Russian guardian .
“ I did not fight them for their loyalty to the Russians .
You know they never had that .
I did it for their nasty character , and their inclination to theft and banditry .
I am speaking the truth , and I am sure that you will now fight them , not for their loyalty to me , but for their same inclination to banditry , which they do not want to abandon . ”
It was a prophetic statement , and most of the Chechens did not take his surrender as a reason to stop fighting .
They kept up sporadic resistance to the Russian Empire for the rest of its life , eventually taking advantage of the power vacuum after the revolution to re-establish an Islamic - based state taking in Chechnya and mountain Dagestan .
The Bolsheviks were sympathetic to the Chechens , and other repressed peoples of the Empire .
They saw them as fellow - victims of the old regime , and thus natural allies in the task ahead .
“ The old government , the landlords and the capitalists have left us as a heritage such browbeaten peoples as the Kirghiz , the Chechens and the Ossets , whose land served as an object of colonisation by Cossacks and the kulak elements of Russia .
These peoples were doomed to incredible suffering and extinction , ” said one Bolshevik official , himself a Georgian from the other side of the mountains , in 1921 .
“ The position of the Great - Russian nation , which was the dominant nation , has left its traces even on the Russian Communists , who are unable , or unwilling , to establish closer relations with the toiling native masses , to comprehend their needs , and to help them emerge from their backward and uncivilised state . ”
Hidden within his sympathy , there was a major and mistaken assumption , however , and that was the belief that the Chechens wanted to “ emerge from their backward and civilised state ” .
They did not .
In fact , they rather liked it .
United by the Sufi brotherhoods , they clung to their own traditions .
Bandits haunted the mountains and , eventually , the patience of the sympathetic official – whose name , Joseph Stalin , was later known throughout the world – broke .
In the circumstances of World War Two , a war for the very existence of the Soviet state that he had built , Stalin could not tolerate lukewarm loyalty .
So , on February 23 , 1944 , his security forces ripped the Chechens from their homes , shipped them by truck and railway , and dumped them in the wastes of Central Asia .
This is an event – one of several deportations that claimed between a quarter and half of the lives of the various deported nations – largely forgotten or ignored in Russia .
Set against the suffering of their nation in World War Two , perhaps they consider it irrelevant .
Among the Chechens , however , it has the status of a holocaust .
Survivors of the deportation live among the Chechens to this day .
Researching my book , I tracked down many of them , recording their stories and trying to comprehend what had happened .
Khozemat Khabilayeva , for example , was a girl when Stalin ordered the Chechens controlled for ever , and had to walk – with her sister – for three days from their high village to the plains .
Their mother had an infant to care for , so they were largely left to their own devices , and their lives were only saved by a faithful sheepdog called Khola , who curled up with them in the freezing nights , and kept them safe .
He could not be fitted into the trucks for deportation , however .
The men ’s Islam refused to allow the proximity of a “ filthy ” animal , however faithful , and he was run over when they finally drove away .
Khabilayeva cried when she told me of her dog , but her eyes were dry and hard when she talked of the horrors that awaited them in Kazakhstan .
“ I saw how my cousin , my second cousin , died of hunger , ” she said .
“ This was a month after we arrived at our destination , he was 11 years old .
We used to know the time from the sirens of the factories .
He asked me when the siren would go off , and I said soon .
He went to sleep and just died there , with all this green stuff coming out of his mouth . ”
Between 1926 and 1939 , the nation grew by 26 percent .
In the next 20 years , it grew by only 2.5 percent .
That statistic hides a lot of death .
And there was humiliation too .
The nation was kept under police guard in the villages of Central Asia , and a generation grew up hardened by the experience , and surrounded by nostalgia for their lost homeland .
Among those who were born at this time were Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev , Akhmed Zakayev , Apti Bisultanov and others – men who would first lead a cultural renaissance , and then a political and military campaign .
When the nation returned from exile after Stalin ’s death , it was excluded from the best jobs and traumatised by its experiences , and Chechens became infamous as gangsters in the Soviet Union .
The “ Chechen mafia ” became a brand to be conjured with , renowned for brutality and impenetrability .
Young men born in exile sought to restore their destroyed culture .
Working in Grozny , where even speaking Chechen was enough to get a boy a slap in the 1960s and 1970s , they staged plays and wrote poems , discussing the Caucasus war , the deportations and everything else .
Names given to children reflected the focus on history .
One boy , for example , was born in the mountain village of Vedeno in 1965 .
His father , Salman Basayev , called him Shamil after the 19th century leader .
He would go on to outdo even his famous namesake for mercilessness .
So , as the 1990s dawned , and the Soviet Union fell apart , Russians and Chechens were as divided as ever .
Huge crowds of Chechens gathered in central Grozny , to discuss their past and their future , to publicly dance the zikr – the circular ritual of the Sufis – and to mingle .
Russians , who still made up much of the population of the city , were confused and uncertain .
“ In 1981 , the Russians in Grozny would not even reply if I said hi to them on the street .
Now , they would come up to me and ask how I was doing , ” remembered one of the nationalist activists of those times many years later .
In 1990 , the Chechens organised a national congress , at which an Air Force General called Dzhokhar Dudayev made an electrifying speech .
It was a call to arms , an appeal to Chechens to restore their lost independence , and it made a sensation .
Dudayev was a handsome man , with a twinkling smile .
He had commanded a nuclear bomber wing .
He was a star .
When , a year later , Soviet hardliners tried to head off the liberalising reforms coming out of the Kremlin , Dudayev spoke out .
While communist officials waited to see who would win the coup , his supporters took over the streets , seized the Supreme Soviet and threw a Russian communist out of the window .
That was the only casualty of the revolution in Chechnya , but it was a decisive one nonetheless .
On November 2 , 1991 , he declared Chechnya independent .
Under Soviet law , he had no right to do so .
Only Union Republics – like Ukraine , Georgia , Kazakhstan , or Russia itself – had the right to secede .
But , Chechens argued , the laws had been written without their input , they had never asked to be join the state , and the state had happily broken the laws against them .
For a couple of years , there was an uneasy coexistence .
Russia had other things to worry about and could ignore the showman in charge of Chechnya .
But , as the economy collapsed , both Dudayev and Boris Yeltsin in the Kremlin began to feel the need for an external enemy .
Dudayev ’s anti-Russian rhetoric was unwise and non-productive , and Yeltsin was more direct .
In November , he sent tanks , seeking , in the words of one of his aides “ a short , victorious war ” to bolster his support .
For the Russians , it may have been a restoration of constitutional order .
For the Chechens , it was a continuation of the same war that started in 1721 .
The nation united behind Dudayev , and the Russians were stunned by the ferocity of the resistance .
Frustrated and angry , the Russians poured shells into Grozny .
One man who lived through the horrors of winter 1994 and spring 1995 said he counted 47 shells landing on the city in less than a minute , and he speculated on the chaos that had broken out after 1991 .
“ When the government in Chechnya became Chechen , it lost that aura that any government puts around itself .
For a Chechen , it had ceased to be a government but was someone ’s son or brother who ended up in a good position when the Muscovites left .
And , by what right ?
Why not me ?
How is his father better than mine , ” the man , Sultan Yashurkayev , asked .
The Russian savagery was not at that time matched on the Chechen side .
Captured conscripts were at first treated well , and handed back to the mothers who came to look for them .
But the atmosphere did not last .
In June 1995 , a group of Chechens led by Shamil Basayev – the young man who bore the Imam ’s name -- seized a hospital in the town of Budyonnovsk north of Chechnya , and demanded a ceasefire .
One of Basayev ’s lieutenants later justified the raid , which resulted in more than 100 hostages dying , by comparing it to an attack on his home village .
“ We analysed the tactics of the Russian troops on Chechen territory and concluded that only diamond cuts diamond .
Therefore , we concluded that the only way to stop the war was to retaliate in the same way , ” he said .
“ We did not make these plans except as a last resort .
Why was the world silent when Shali was bombed , when some 400 people were killed and wounded ?
In fact , the evil we did in Budyonnovsk was not even 30 percent of what they did in Shali . ”
Russia ’s humiliation appeared complete when Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin was filmed negotiating with this bearded bandit , and finally agreeing to halt fire , and to let the group of kidnappers go .
But actually , the disaster for Russia was only just beginning , the Chechens retook Grozny the next year , and Moscow was forced to admit defeat .
But tens of thousands of civilians had been killed , and the infrastructure ruined .
Chechnya might have been free of Russian troops but , without outside assistance , it sunk into chaos , where money ruled and kidnapping was an industry .
Western sympathisers were revolted by the murder of six sleeping Red Cross workers , and the decapitation of some telephone engineers .
Chechnya was on its own .
When Russian troops returned in 1999 there was less sympathy for the highlanders .
The plucky freedom fighters were now seen as terrorists following an unprovoked assault by Basayev on Dagestan , and a series of mysterious apartment bombings that new Prime Minister Vladimir Putin blamed on them .
The shells poured into Grozny once more .
All bonds of humanity appeared to have been severed .
In Aldy – Sheikh Mansur ’s village two centuries previously , now a suburb of Grozny – at least 60 Chechen civilians , women and old men , were killed in a passport check operation , in February 2000 .
It was just one of many massacres .
In June , a Chechen truck bomb killed at least two – and possibly many more – Russian soldiers .
It was the first suicide bombing and , tellingly , was detonated by a woman .
Further atrocities from the Chechens followed – the Moscow theatre siege and the Beslan school siege were just the two highest - profile – and always Russia stood firm in its refusal to agree to peace talks , or a ceasefire .
It handed government over to Akhmad Kadyrov , a leader of Chechnya ’s Sufis who had been so revolted by the chaos younger men like Basayev had brought that he was prepared to foreswear the dream of independence .
He was killed , and his son Ramzan took over , ruling with a clenched fist .
Russian incomprehension remained , however .
It was almost like a reverse of Tolstoy ’s question : how could these Chechens be so cruel ?
What could have been done to Chechen women who were prepared to go and blow themselves up outside a rock concert in Moscow ?
Or a hotel in Moscow ?
Or a metro station in Moscow ?
A clue was offered by Zarema Muzhakhoyeva , a young woman who lost her nerve , and gave herself and her suicide bomb up to police in 2003 .
Abandoned by her parents , she had been pregnant with her first child when widowed in 2000 .
Her daughter Rashana was taken from her , as is traditional , by her husband ’s family , and the young woman had been unable to accustom herself to life without her .
She stole money from her aunt , grabbed Rashana and tried to flee to Moscow .
Ostracised by everyone , she had the great idea of selling her life .
She was not drugged , as some Russian officials claim of suicide bombers , or indoctrinated , she was in despair and wanted just $ 1,000 to pay her aunt back with .
“ Of course , even if at the cost of my life I returned this money , then the disgrace would still remain , but I needed to take action .
I always wanted to be good , ” she told a journalist later .
Eventually , she lacked the desire to murder , and surrendered .
But , if she hoped for leniency , she was mistaken .
She was handed a 20 - year jail sentence , despite her argument that leniency might encourage women sent out to die to surrender to police in future .
Chechen leaders had become so hardened to suffering that they would exploit such a dreadfully sad tale as a weapon of war .
This hard line on both sides has erased any chances of sympathy .
In 2008 , Vladimir Zhirinovsky – a Russian nationalist politician and leader of the inaptly named Liberal Democratic Party of Russia – suggested that all non-Russians should be deported from the North Caucasus .
Granted , he likes to play the clown , but he is an intelligent man and , in any healthy political system , should surely have been condemned for such an offensive suggestion , considering 100,000s of Chechens , Karachais , Balkars , Ingush and others had died in precisely such an operation just two years before he was born .
The suggestion caused not a stir .
In the circumstances , it is not uncommon for young Russians now – as Imam Shamil did , back in the 1860s -- to speculate that the Chechens are like wild animals .
A young Russian lady I spoke to once suggested a high wall should be built around Chechnya and that anyone coming out should be shot .
But , while researching my book , I came to a very different conclusion .
I met Chechens from communities in Turkey and Jordan – products of 19th century emigration – in Poland , Austria and Belgium – products of an ongoing exodus of refugees – and in Kazakhstan , where some have stayed since the deportations of Stalin .
In the steppes east of Astana , Kazakhstan , there is a small settlement called Krasnaya Polyana , made up of three adjoining collective farms .
Here , astonishingly , is a little Chechnya of 1,300 people or so , almost exclusively Chechen .
Their community was founded in the horrors of 1944 by a noble man , a Sufi sheikh , called Vis Hadji .
His fame spread through the diaspora and , gradually , Chechens squeezed out non-Chechens until the current ethnically solid settlement was formed .
Here are highlanders on what must be some of the flattest land on earth , but they are happy because they are left alone .
They practise polygamy ; they dance their circular prayer dances , with their soaring prayer chants ; they raise crops ; and they live in peace .
Alavdi Shakhgeriev is one of the men I spoke to in the village .
Deported from Chechnya as a 14 - year - old to the town of Karaganda , he had a sister to support .
In a bleak example of Soviet jurisprudence , he was not allowed to work in a coal - mine , the only work available , because that would have violated his rights as a child .
Being deported , orphaned and abandoned did not , apparently , violate those rights at all .
He had found peace , however , in Krasnaya Polyana .
Since Vis Hadji died , the community has been led by an old man called Abubakar Utsiev , who was deported as a 19 - year - old and left to fend for himself .
Perhaps he would have despaired without the holy man , who taught him how to survive .
“ This man did not look for anything , he ate just a little , ” remembered Utsiev , careful – as are all the Chechens there , not to say Vis Hadji ’s name .
“ I studied with him , and learned from him .
I looked for no honours , I worked honestly .
I have a garden , livestock , and this has been my life ’s work . ”
It is a poor village , but a peaceful one , something that is rare for Chechens .
Most importantly , everyone else leaves it alone .
Perhaps that is all that they ever needed .
PASADENA , Calif . —Scientists from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have provided the first - ever glimpse of the structure of a key protein — gp120 — found on the surface of a specific subgroup of the human immunodeficiency virus , HIV - 1 .
In addition , they demonstrated that a particular antibody to gp120 makes contact not only with the protein , but with the CD4 receptor that gp120 uses to gain entrance into the body 's T cells .
This three - dimensional understanding of how gp120 is built is more than just a basic scientific advance .
" There 's a tremendous continuing effort to develop a vaccine for HIV , " says Caltech postdoctoral scholar Ron Diskin , " and most of those efforts use gp120 .
Having more structural information will facilitate better vaccine design . "
The findings are detailed in a paper published in the advance online edition of the journal Nature Structural & Molecular Biology .
The team looked specifically at gp120 from what is known as clade C HIV - 1 .
To explain what that means , here 's a brief HIV family history :
Most people who get HIV and proceed to AIDS are infected with a member of the HIV - 1 family of viruses .
HIV - 1 is divided into groups ; most AIDS - related strains of the virus come from group M .
The groups are further subdivided into what are known as clades .
Clade B is the form of group M HIV - 1 most often found in the United States and western Europe , and the one that is probably best - studied to date .
Clade C , the clade studied by the Caltech team , is " the one that is devastating Africa and Asia , " says Diskin .
" It 's the one that probably causes the largest number of infections worldwide . "
Previous studies had looked at the structure of clade B gp120 , and it had been assumed — but not proven — that clade C's version would look much the same .
In order to uncover the structure of clade C gp120 — and determine if the hypothesis about its similarities was indeed true — the Caltech team needed to crystallize the protein .
That was no easy task .
Turns out , says Diskin , the protein itself is not stiff enough for crystallization .
And so the researchers created a complex of molecules consisting of a gp120 monomer , a CD4 receptor , and an anti-HIV antibody known as 21c .
This image of the complex studied by the Caltech team shows gp120 in gray , CD4 in green , the 21c antibody 's light chain in yellow , and its heavy chain in magenta .
( Photo Credit : Caltech / Ron Diskin )
This configuration facilitated crystallization , and allowed the scientists to look not only at gp120 — which , indeed , " looks pretty much the same in clade C as in clade B , " says Diskin — but to visualize the entire binding site and to see how the various components in the complex interact with one another .
That was when they noticed something unusual : Antibody 21c was not only reacting to — and thus making contact with — the gp120 protein sticking out from HIV 's envelope , but also was reacting to the CD4 receptors on the body 's own T cells .
It is the first time this sort of polyreactivity — a response to more than one antigen — had been visualized in the 3 - D structure of an HIV - targeting antibody .
" The most interesting aspect of our structure is the unexpected contact between the antibody and CD4 , " says Pamela Bjorkman , the Max Delbruck Professor of Biology at Caltech , a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator , and the Caltech team 's leader .
" The binding to CD4 suggests that this class of anti-HIV antibodies has autoreactive properties , which raises many interesting questions about how anti-HIV immune responses affect an HIV - infected individual . "
Does this autoreactivity mean that 21c is too dangerous to work with , because clinicians might be courting a potential autoimmune response with a vaccine that elicits 21c - like antibodies ?
Not necessarily , says Diskin .
" Other data out there show that some of the best neutralizing antibodies are also autoreactive , " he explains .
What it does mean , however , is that there would be additional hurdles to overcome in eliciting such antibody responses , Diskin says .
The body tends to eliminate autoreactive antibodies , in an attempt to keep autoimmune diseases at bay .
" In order to create a good vaccine to produce 21c - like antibodies , researchers will have to overcome this elimination mechanism . "
The next step for the Caltech team is to try to improve on the relatively low - resolution structure worked out in the current paper .
In addition , Diskin says , the team would like to try to resolve the structure of a gp120 trimer — a more complex , three - pronged version of the protein .
Source : California Institute of Technology
Step up your design game with these 6 tips to make your prototyping tool more powerful , efficient and personal .
The first of a two - part special
The quality of a user ’s experience is the main contributor to great web design .
Design teams are constantly working towards making each and every user interaction as efficient as possible .
Well we think the design process should be just as efficient – after all , happy designers make better products .
So make the most of your Justinmind prototyping tool and design better with these handy design tips for web and mobile .
1 – Use a grid to create structure
A grid helps you to create a basic structure – or skeleton – that supports the overall composition of a screen .
They will help you find proportion and balance in the layout of the screen and make sense of the chaos of UI elements , particularly in the initial stage of the design .
Half the battle is starting off on the right foot in web and mobile design – and there ’s no singularly correct approach .
All designers have their own rule of thumb when it comes to filling up a blank canvas .
Pre - defined grid layouts are common in many design tools – for example , the 1200 pixel grid is commonly used by web designers .
But being able to customize the layout of your grid in your design tool gives you the freedom to design your way from the very beginning .
With Justinmind , you can choose to work with or without the grid structure and can change the size of the grid open creating a new prototype .
Choose from predefined layouts or customize the grid width and height as needed .
2 – Create container UI widgets to better organize your design space
Create containers for your UI elements , such as headers , navigation bars , buttons , etc. Containers help maintain the hierarchical structure of the UI elements , and creates a parent - child relationship between container and element – making it easier to organize your assets on - screen .
Justinmind has an entire collection of container widget that hold components such as eDocs , links to websites or flash files .
Justinmind ’s container widgets include :
The table widget , in the form of a grid or table , which holds text and images .
The HTML widget allows you to embed a webpage or website in your prototype .
No code knowledge required , simply copy and paste the code into the HTML field , and voilà !
3 – Include readymade UI assets to avoid rework
Pre -built UI assets , such as buttons , forms , input elements , navigation bars and screens are designed to facilitate easy working and avoid rework .
Why repeat what ’s already been made for you ?
With Justinmind , choose from over 2000 pre-built widgets , icons , and UI components and elements in line with Google , iOS , Android , Windows and Bootstrap frameworks , and many more .
According to the prototype template that you choose to start working on , your Justinmind editor will be pre-loaded with the corresponding icons within a UI library .
You can download the entire collection of UI libraries here .
Download Justinmind today and speed up your prototyping Download free
4 – Use templates and masters to reuse content and spread global changes
Consider using templates and masters to make it easier to maintain brand consistency and save time in your design process .
Templates centralize content and interactions distributed by several screens , and masters replicate and distribute content across all of a prototype ’s screens , in all instances , in order to save time and distribute global changes .
Templates are handy for when you want to use the same or similar content across multiple pages in a prototype .
They set default styles , such as borders , text font or colors .
Use them to avoid repeating your work by reusing content ( a text box for example ) , styles ( the font family , size and color of your text box ) and interaction and animation ( in the form of events ) .
In Justinmind , you start off with a default template and can create your own as you go along .
When you have all the elements you wish to duplicate , create a template and place them there .
Then , create your additional pages , selecting your chosen template each time .
The UI elements , styles and the events that you include in a template are distributed among all the screens that you apply that template to .
Masters are essentially groups of components that can be used anywhere in your prototype .
They are for applying global changes to your designs , as any change to the master spreads over all its instances in the prototype .
For instance , say you make a change to a menu option in one screen and you want to apply that change to all your screens ’ menu options .
Simply create a master with this element and make your change – it will be made to all instances throughout the prototype .
You can edit the content within a master directly in the canvas , dragging widgets and events as needed .
When your master is ready , simple drag and drop it from the Master list to the canvas .
If you need to make additional changes , just click on the relevant master from the list to open the dialog .
And remember , you can break them down into individual components and modify them piece by piece .
5 – Use dynamic panels to avoid clutter
The dynamic panel is another type of container widget , with so many benefits that it deserves its own section !
Use the dynamic panel as a container for smaller elements .
Place other widgets inside a its to group them together and move them easily around the canvas or different screens .
Additionally , use the dynamic panel to simulate navigation effects without the need for additional screens .
By separating content into separate panels , you can consolidate information on - screen and add styles and events to different elements without having to separate them into individual screens .
Here ’s an example of how we used dynamic panels instead of multiple screens .
6 – Add links and hotspots to make your prototype interactive in a flash
Make your prototype interactive with minimal effort with link events and the Hotspot widget .
Links helps users to navigate from screen to screen in your prototype and contributes towards the overall user journey .
Being able to add these links in your prototype will allow you to simulate and test out the user journey and each touch point before moving further along .
Creating links in your Justinmind prototypes is simple .
Drag and drop the source element to the target element / screen to create a link between the two in a matter of seconds .
To create a bidirectional link , simply , drag the target back to the source .
Hotspots allow you to create invisible hyperlinks or define an area on screen that will allow you to jump to another page .
Usually , hotspots are invisible but when you hover your mouse of the area where the hotspot has been placed , the mouse cursor changes to a little hand to signify that the area is clickable .
Justinmind has its very own hotspot widget to help you define events quickly and easily .
Place it on top of any element to make the element clickable .
Tune in soon for the second half of this post that explores the use of data - driven prototyping , CSS palettes and requirements management to speed up the design and development processes .
Download Justinmind to take advantage of a prototyping tool that gives you a break .
Already a Justinmind user ?
What are you waiting for ?!
Get the tool open right now and test out our nifty time - saving features now .
It turns out Nikola Tesla , the famed electric engineer , first predicted the existence of the BlackBerry over 100 years ago .
It turns out Nikola Tesla , the famed electric engineer , first predicted the existence of the BlackBerry over 100 years ago .
As the UK - based Telegraph reports , Tesla , who died in 1943 , made a prediction about a portable messaging service in Popular Mechanics magazine in 1909 .
He wrote in the magazine that one day it would be possible to transmit wireless messages all over the world , and that wireless was the only way the use of electricity could truly thrive .
Tesla " imagined such a hand - held device would be simple to use and that , one day , everyone in the world would communicate to friends using it , " and that this " would usher in a new era of technology . "
The prediction was part of a magazine presentation titled " 108 Years of Futurism , " made by Seth Porges , the magazine 's current technology editor , to industry executives in New York , the report said .
( Popular Mechanics launched 108 years ago in 1902 .
Tesla 's name lives on in Tesla Motors , the electric car company .
Meanwhile , we 're still waiting for flying cars and personal helicopters .
Can someone get on that already ?
Originally posted to Gearlog .
On Saturday I gave a presentation to WordCamp Auckland 2014 : How to blog like an old school journalist .
Here ’s a link to my slides .
You can open it full - screen :
How - to - write - bill - bennett
Blogging is n’t the same as old - school journalism .
It ’s less about recording facts and more about ideas or experiences .
Blgging has influenced modern journalism — the lines between the two forms of writing are blurring .
Yet there are still lessons worth learning from the old way of doing things .
Much of the material is a shortened form of posts elsewhere on this site .
You might like to explore the following :
Like this : Like Loading ...
Apple iPhones have been at the top of the smartphone market for a while now .
Although they may not be the cheapest mobiles around , there are a few simple steps you can take to find the most cost - effective deal .
With a new updated model coming out each year , it can be tricky to decide which model will work for you best .
Read on to find out about some of the differences between the more recent models to help you decide which one to go for .
Mobile Deals
Start comparing Mobile Phones Compare the latest phones and save money
How can I get the best deal ?
It ’s all about the timing .
When a new model comes out it is likely to come with a substantial cost .
However , if you are n’t so bothered about having the latest model , you could go for an older one .
Generally , the longer the iPhone model is on the market , the more the price will go down .
They are likely to be at their lowest price a few months before the next iPhone model is set to come out , so keep an eye on the fluctuating prices .
Each time a new model comes out , the older models are likely to drop in price even more .
Mobile providers will often offer you an incentive to switch to them .
Lots of providers offer extra perks in their contracts so make sure to research around and find out which provider offers the most competitive contract plus the extras you ’re looking for .
Such extras include Go Roam by Three which offers you free worldwide roaming , and the O2 Priority Loyal Scheme which gives you hundreds of exclusive deals and discounts .
Which iPhone model will suit me best ?
It is important to weigh up the cost of each model against the features it has .
Decide what features are essential for you and then compare the differences between each model to make the decision .
i Phone XR
The iPhone XR has some serious money - saving benefits .
It has the best features of the iPhone X but without the huge price tag .
It will still set you back £ 749 , but this is substantially less than the other most recent models .
There are fewer of the premium features that the iPhone X has but the all - screen front gives it a sleek , high - end design .
It is available in 6 bold colours so you can find exactly what you were looking for .
It does only have a single - lens camera however , and the screen works slightly less well than the iPhone X .
The handset is also quite large , making it difficult to use with one hand , so bear this in mind .
This model is ideal if you are looking for something a little cheaper whilst keeping hold of the new and exciting features .
i Phone X
The iPhone X has the same all - screen front and no home button with all the premium features too .
This is the top - end iPhone .
It uses the new facial recognition software so you can use your Face ID to unlock your phone quicker and more securely than ever before .
It also comes with a dual - lens camera so avid photographers can use it to take stunning photos .
The only disadvantage is the price tag , which starts at £ 999 .
As with the other more recent models , there is no headphone jack so you ’ll have to invest in an adaptor to use your headphones .
If you are looking for the latest model with the most premium features and you do n’t mind paying a bit extra , then this is the one for you .
i Phone 8
The iPhone 8 has a much more similar design to older models .
It ’s still got the home button , so the functionality of it will be something you ’re familiar with .
It has the same processor as the iPhone X , so it works quickly and efficiently and functions well for whatever you need it for .
It ’s not hugely different to the previous model , the iPhone 7 , so it may be worth looking into how much cheaper you can find an iPhone 7 for .
Compare the benefits of the iPhone 8 with the added £ 150 price point .
If you are looking for a fast phone with a familiar design that fits in your pocket , then an iPhone 8 could be ideal for you .
Australia ’s most extraordinary art event
The Archibald , Wynne and Sulman Prizes is an annual exhibition eagerly anticipated by artists and audiences alike .
The Archibald Prize , first awarded in 1921 , is Australia ’s favourite art award , and one of its most prestigious .
Awarded to the best portrait painting , it ’s a who ’s who of Australian culture – from politicians to celebrities , sporting heroes to artists .
The Wynne Prize is awarded to the best landscape painting of Australian scenery , or figure sculpture , while the Sulman Prize is given to the best subject painting , genre painting or mural project in oil , acrylic , watercolour or mixed media .
Each year , the trustees of the Art Gallery of NSW judge the Archibald and Wynne , and invite an artist to judge the Sulman .
The 2018 judge is Angela Tiatia .
Visit the exhibition to vote for your favourite portrait in the ANZ People ’s Choice award before voting closes on 12 August and see the work of budding artists aged 5 - 18 on display in the Young Archies .
Celebrity podcast tour
Hear from celebrity guests Russell Crowe , Ben Quilty , Rove McManus , Yumi Stynes and Rachel Perkins in our first - ever Archibald Prize podcast tour , hosted by Julian Morrow .
Listen now .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron has announced an audit of the government 's books after finding examples of " crazy " spending decisions in Labour 's last year in power .
The prime minister told BBC One 's Andrew Marr show the review would be launched on Monday by the new Office of Budget Responsibility .
He also announced a crackdown on top civil service bonuses .
And he reassured Lib Dems that deputy prime minister Nick Clegg would be part of the " inner core " of his government .
Mr Cameron said the budget for performance - related pay for NHS managers and senior civil servants for 2010 / 11 will be cut by two - thirds , saving £ 15 m .
We believe that spending should bear the brunt of the burden in terms of cutting the deficit
Prime Minister David Cameron
The prime minister said : " What we have seen so far are just individual examples of very bad procedures and bad behaviour , spending decisions taken in the last year or so of the Labour government that no rational government would have done - giving something like 75 % of senior civil servants bonuses after everything that 's happened in the current year .
" That 's not a fiscal stimulus .
It is a crazy thing to do .
We are beginning to find individual decisions like that . "
In a statement , the Cabinet Office said only the top 25 % of performers would receive a bonus so in future only those making an " exceptional contribution " would be rewarded .
Mr Cameron said it was important to " lead from the front " , highlighting last week 's decision to cut cabinet ministers ' pay by 5 % - but he was also careful not to alienate senior public servants writing to them to explain his thinking .
He also announced an inquiry into civil service salaries , to be headed by left wing campaigner Will Hutton , vice chairman of think tank The Work Foundation .
' Difficult decisions '
Mr Cameron said NHS managers and other senior civil servants should not earn " more than 20 times the lowest paid " in their organisations .
The same principles should apply to the BBC , he added , although it would not be included in the review as it was independent .
Scottish Secretary Danny Alexander , a Liberal Democrat , suggested on BBC One 's Politics Show Labour may have been reluctant to do a coalition deal with the Lib Dems because they knew what was in store for an incoming government .
" Maybe one of the things they 've been doing over the past few months is laying a few stink bombs around Whitehall , and maybe some of them knew that and did n't want to be there when they went off , " he said .
Mr Cameron said the spending audit , to be launched by Chancellor George Osborne on Monday , would form part of a wider programme to set out government spending plans for the coming three years .
He said that would involve " difficult decisions " in most Whitehall departments to reduce Britain 's record budget deficit .
He also refused to rule out an increase in VAT in Mr Osborne 's emergency budget , but said : " We believe that spending should bear the brunt of the burden in terms of cutting the deficit . "
' Progressive alliance ' Labour MP Frank Field is also understood to have been offered a role with a new Poverty Commission .
Mr Cameron said he had considered trying to set up a Conservative minority government when his party failed to win an overall majority in last Thursday 's general election but he and Mr Clegg decided to go for a full coalition .
He said a document would be published giving more details on how the coalition will work - but he insisted Mr Clegg would be in the " inner core " of the government , which meant he would chair cabinet committees , which guide policy formation , and be consulted on ministerial appointments and sackings .
Mr Clegg will stand in for Mr Cameron at prime minster 's questions , when the Conservative leader cannot attend , but Lib Dem MPs will sit together in the Commons and the two parties will fight each other at by - elections .
But the prime minister made clear he expects the two parties to work together and hopes to avoid separate " political cabinets " made up only of Tory or Lib Dem ministers .
Mr Cameron acknowledged the coalition deal would upset some in his party , but insisted it was more than a marriage of convenience , saying : " I have always described myself as a liberal Conservative . "
And he paid tribute to the " brave and courageous " actions of Mr Clegg , whose party is meeting to discuss the coalition deal and who has faced criticism from one of his predecessors , Charles Kennedy .
Mr Cameron described his deal with the Lib Dems as a " progressive alliance " based on shared values of " more freedom in our society " and the decentralisation of power .
He insisted " this is not just about a group of people who have got together for power " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sorry Airman Supershaggy , " Transformers 3 " is not coming to Andersen Air Force Base .
And by the way , you 've been phished .
Security testers at the Guam Air Force base 's 36th Communications Squadron had to send out a clarification notice on Monday after an in - house test -- called an operational readiness exercise ( ORE ) in Air Force parlance -- of how airmen would respond to a phishing e-mail worked out a little too well .
The e-mail said that crews were going to start filming " Transformers 3 " on Guam and invited airmen to fill out applications on a Web site if they wanted to work the shoot .
The Web site then asked them for sensitive information .
This type of in - house phishing exercise is a routine occurrence in the military and in major corporations , and is generally seen as a good way of promoting security awareness .
But in Andersen 's case , the information in the phishing e-mail started leaking to the civilian world .
" Unfortunately , many of Andersen 's personnel responded to this inject and submitted their personal information to the Web site , and forwarded the information outside of Andersen , " the Air Force base said in a statement .
Supershaggy was one of them .
" I 'm an Airman in the worlds greatest air , space and cyberspace force on Guam , " he wrote in a Sunday posting to the Scooper section of Comicbookmovie.com .
" I received an email stating that Dreamworks is looking for 20 airmen from Andersen to be extras . "
The rumor soon spread to other Transformers fan sites , including Seibertron.com and Tformers.com .
The Transformers movies , directed by Michael Bay , are successful Hollywood blockbusters that depict a futuristic war between alien robots .
The third installment in the franchise is expected next year .
Shooting is slated to happen all over the world -- in China , Moscow and Africa -- but not in Guam .
As the rumor spread that the hotly anticipated film was coming to Guam , local media started calling the base , which then began the work of setting the record straight .
" Leadership from Andersen AFB regrets that there has been any confusion in the general public regarding this exercise phishing attempt , " Andersen said in a statement .
" We hope however that this will show that all individuals need to be careful about the real danger of phishing emails and that others can learn from this exercise . "
This is n't the first time that some type of unforeseen consequence has come of a security training exercise .
In August , a test of a bank 's computer systems prompted the federal agency chartered with overseeing the nation 's credit unions to issue a fraud alert .
The " fraud " was actually a sanctioned penetration testing exercise conducted by security firm MicroSolved .
Organizations conducting these drills need to first make sure that they 're spelled out in company policies , and they need to think carefully about what the phishing e-mail promises , said Sherri Davidoff , a consultant with Lake Missoula Group who conducts this type of test for the financial services industry .
Often , she tries to trick employees into divulging information by offering raffles for free iPods or promising a cash bonus .
" If you 're not careful , then afterwards if they find out they 're not really getting an iPod or they 're not getting a bonus , they can get really angry . "
She also recommends notifying employees very soon after the test is run .
" If it 's not carefully managed , it can backfire , " she said .
" People feel bad when they fall for these things and if you want to keep a company secure , you do n't want to have a whole bunch of disgruntled employees . "
On the other hand , she believes that this type of testing is very effective in preventing so - called social engineering attacks , such as phishing .
" People should realize that those e-mails have more than meets the eye , " she said .
Ever since the astounding grosses for “ Avatar ” started rolling in , Hollywood has been pretty much going gaga over 3 - D .
At a time when DVD revenues have been plummeting , who would ’ve believed that 3 - D would help save the studios ’ bacon ?
According to Warners distribution chief Dan Fellman , roughly 52 % of the studio’s box - office take for this weekend ’s “ Clash of the Titans ” was from 3 - D ticket sales .
According to industry marketers , the 3 - D ticket price premium gave a huge boost to “ Clash ’s " $ 61.4 - million box - office take , which would ’ve been closer to $ 41.4 million if it was only playing in 2 - D .
The film , which was retrofitted with 3 - D at the last minute , inspired my colleague Kenny Turan to write that “ Clash ” could be “ the first film to actually be made worse by being in 3 - D . ”
The tech geeks seemed to agree .
As Den of Geek ’s Duncan Bowles put it in his review : “ I have never been so insulted by such a criminal intent to rob the public . ”
But I can pretty safely predict who are going to be the real haters when it comes to 3 - D movies : movie stars .
If there was ever a new technology that made movie stars feel even less indispensable and more outmoded than they already are , it would be 3 - D .
By definition , 3 - D extravaganzas are genre films dominated by splashy computer - generated visual effects -- in other words , exactly the kinds of movies that do n’t need a movie star in the first place .
Advertisement
Put yourself in the position of a studio executive , staring at your profit - and - loss statement , as you ponder what movies to greenlight for your 2012 slate .
Even before “ Avatar , ” you were eager to avoid making pictures with movie stars , since most of the recent mega-hits ( i.e. , “ Hangover , ” “ Star Trek ” and “ Transformers 2 " ) had triumphed without any true movie stars while scads of movie - star vehicles had crashed and burned , notable examples being “ Land of the Lost , ” “ State of Play , ” “ The Taking of Pelham 123 " and “ Imagine That . ”
But now you are faced with greenlighting a drama , genre thriller or romantic comedy -- the three genres that rely the most heavily on movie stars to attract a sizable audience .
And it turns out that those are also the three genres that lend themselves the least to 3 - D treatment , since mania or not , no one is clamoring to see a Nancy Meyers comedy or a Clint Eastwood drama in shimmering 3 - D .
So when you start doing the math , you realize that it ’s even harder to justify hiring a movie star , since those 2 - D genres will now be competing against 3 - D extravaganzas that can effortlessly rake in tens of millions more bucks at the box office simply from the $ 5 extra moviegoers will pay to see them .
In other words , it ’s no longer a level playing field .
You do n’t need George Clooney or Leonardo DiCaprio to make “ Cowboys and Aliens ” or “ Spider - Man 4 " or “ Happy Feet 2 " or any of the other 3 - D vehicles making their way through the system .
In fact , why spend any money on a movie star when the vast majority of 3 - D films already have their own built - in marketing hooks ?
“ If the business is bifurcating into small , under $ 30 - million films largely financed by outside money and the big 3 - D visual effects - driven studio tentpoles and franchises , where does that leave movie stars -- it leaves them in the lurch , ” said one studio chieftain who asked to remain anonymous , saying he did n’t want to field a tsunami of grumpy phone calls from agents and managers already unhappy about seeing most of their clients taking huge pay cuts over the past year .
Advertisement
“ 3 - D is great for everyone ’s bottom line , but it ’s just going to put more downward pressure on the movie - star business , ” the chieftain added .
“ You can make so much more money with 3 - D that it essentially puts a tax on 2 - D dramas , romantic comedies and other projects , since they just wo n’t project the same kind of box - office potential . ”
It ’s actually a double whammy for movie stars , since it ’s hard to imagine that Brad Pitt , Clooney or DiCaprio are clamoring to be in a 3 - D movie in the first place .
If DiCaprio wants to play J. Edgar Hoover in Eastwood ’s upcoming biopic , he ’s going to find himself working for even less money than he would have a year ago , since the 3 - D Comic - Con movies are going to be viewed as the cash cows of the business for the foreseeable future .
James Cameron has loudly been complaining that Hollywood is getting it wrong , especially when studios keep telling filmmakers like Michael Bay that they want their franchise films to be hastily converted into 3 - D .
But if you study the history of the movie business , Hollywood is getting it right .
3 - D might someday be an art form .
But right now it ’s a trend .
And in Hollywood , judging from past experience , when a trend is red hot , you can bet that the money people will follow that trend everywhere , even if it eventually takes them sailing off a cliff .
Advertisement
patrick.goldstein @latimes.com
RAIPUR : In the bloodiest attack on security forces , Naxals trapped and gunned down 75 personnel during a joint " Operation Green Hunt " offensive against the ultras in the thick forests of Mukrana in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh , one of the strongholds of the Maoists .
The incident occurred between 6 am and 7 am when nearly 100 personnel comprising CRPF and state police were returning after opening a road for the troops to begin an operation against the Naxals .
While 74 of those killed were CRPF personnel , including a deputy and an assistant commandant , one was a head constable of the district police .
Dantewada Superintendent of Police Amresh Mishra said the Naxals first blew up a vehicle carrying the CRPF personnel near Chintalnar - Tarmetla village in the district .
Immediately after the blast , the CRPF personnel and a few police personnel tried to take cover when they came under heavy fire from hundreds of Naxals , well entrenched on the adjacent hillock .
The CRPF team had been camping in the interiors of Tarmetla jungles for the last three days as part of a combing operation and area domination exercise , Mishra said .
The attack shook the Centre and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called Home Minister P Chidambaram over telephone to make an assessment of the situation .
Both of them expressed shock over the attack and grief over the loss of lives .
The National Security Council met under the chairmanship of the Prime Minister and is understood to have discussed the deadliest Maoist strike .
Chidambaram , some of his cabinet colleagues and the three service chiefs attended the meeting .
While the Prime Minister called it a " horrific " incident , Chidambaram said it showed the brutality and savagery of the Maoists .
Rattled by the " very high " casualty , Chidambaram said something must have gone " drastically wrong " in the joint operation as the personnel seemed to have walked into a trap .
Bodies of the 75 personnel have been recovered from the site of the attack suspected to have been carried out by about 1000 Naxals , Inspector General R K Vij said .
The Naxals had planted IEDs which blew up an anti-mine vehicle killing the lone occupant , the driver .
This was followed by heavy exchange of fire between the remaining CRPF personnel and the Maoists .
Seven of the injured CRPF men have been evacuated for treatment from the forest area , he said .
Here is a list of the Judo books I review , in rating order :
When Scottish brewers Martin Dickie and James
Watt came up with the cheeky idea to make a beer as potent as whiskey , they could n’t wait to share it with the world .
They did n’t know they would trigger an arms race .
But that ’s what ensued when their brewery , BrewDog , released the first limited - edition bottles of “ Tactical Nuclear Penguin , ” a stout that measures 32 % alcohol and was quickly crowned “ strongest beer in the world ” — for less than a month .
Then the buildup began .
Advertisement
A small German brewer , Schorschbräu , announced online in December that it had topped the Scots with a 40 % beer to recapture the title .
Now , BrewDog has unveiled a 41 % “ quadruple India Pale Ale ” called Sink the Bismarck and is marketing it with a viral video campaign that spoofs the old European rivalries .
The one - upmanship has raised ire in the British media and irked some beer fans who see it as a cheap publicity stunt .
Watt , BrewDog ’s chief executive , insists they had been developing the stronger beer for six months .
“ You ca n’t just magic up a 41 % beer in two weeks , ” he says .
Still , the international rivalry has put a spotlight on a fascinating , though fringe , sector of the beer industry : brewers who push beer to its alcoholic limits .
BrewDog is one of a handful of breweries worldwide that have experimented with techniques to enrich their beers to surpass wine and even some spirits in alcohol content .
Advertisement
Others that have actively competed for the strongest beer title include Dogfish Head in Delaware and the Boston Beer Co. , whose Utopias is also one of the most expensive beers , at more than $ 150 retail .
Most mass - produced American beers , from Budweiser to Samuel Adams Boston Lager , rarely top 5 % alcohol by volume ( ABV ) .
A typical Belgian ale , by contrast , runs closer to 8 % or 9 % , which can be accomplished using traditional brewing techniques .
Even barleywine - style beers stick in the vicinity of 11 % , well shy of most Chardonnays .
So , if these extreme concoctions are so rare Joe Six - Pack will never taste them , what ’s all the fuss ?
Experimentation plays a key role in the beer industry , says Greg Koch , CEO of Escondido ’s Stone Brewing Co. , one of the nation ’s largest craft beer producers .
Advertisement
“ It ’s definitely an attention - grabber , ” Koch says about the high alcohol level .
“ But it demonstrates what ’s possible in the world of beer .
We like anything that shows people the diversity in beer . ”
It takes extreme measures — and temperatures — to brew a beer as strong as liquor .
To make Tactical Nuclear Penguin , Watt and head brewer Dickie started with a 10 % imperial stout .
The men lugged plastic barrels of the stout to a local ice cream factory in their hometown of Fraserburgh , where they froze the containers over several days to reach minus 20 degrees Celsius .
As ice chips formed , they tossed them out , leaving a condensed and higher - alcohol beer .
The process was similar for creating Sink the Bismarck , except Watt and Dickie started with a much lighter beer so even more water could be removed , and froze it four times while adding hops .
The result is a staunchly herbal elixir that ’s so strong it must be sipped .
Advertisement
Both beers sold out in weeks , so the 2 - year - old brewery has scrambled to make more .
The next editions , Watt says , will come with a stopper top so the beer can be drunk in multiple sittings like a fine Scotch .
If this all sounds extreme , so did Stone Brewing ’s Arrogant Bastard , a big , malty 7.2 % alcohol ale , when it was released in 1997 .
That beer is now the No. 1 - selling single - serve craft beer in America , Koch says .
And it ’s considered the progenitor of the now - popular style known as American strong ale .
Though it ’s impossible to draw a strict line between regular and strong beers , most industry experts say anything over 7 % could qualify as “ strong . ”
Advertisement
More than half of the several hundred beers stocked at Red Carpet Wine in Glendale meet that definition , according to Michael Jonasen , who manages the store ’s beer program .
Hence the large selection of single 22 - ounce beers in place of six - packs .
Still , only a handful of beers cross the 14 % line .
“ Strong beers are creating buzz , but at a smaller scale , ” Jonasen says .
“ And sometimes I ’ll have customers who will look at the alcohol percentage on the bottle and say , ‘ Oh , that ’s too much . ’ ”
Although Red Carpet sold out of Utopia before the shipment even reached the store , he says , they could get only 10 bottles .
Advertisement
The 27 % Utopia has attracted a connoisseur consumer following similar to Cognac , in which one bottle will be shared among as many as a dozen people out of snifters .
Serving beers this strong in bars is a whole different story .
“ It presents this interesting problem of how to serve it and what size is appropriate , ” says Ryan Sweeney , co-owner of the Surly Goat , a beer bar in West Hollywood that specializes in rare draft beers .
“ It ’s not like you ’re going to give them a pint glass . ”
The other sticking point is price : With Tactical Nuclear Penguin selling for as much as $ 55 for a 12 - ounce bottle , it would be extremely pricey if sold on draft .
Even the gutsiest brewers know the casual drinker would never buy it .
Advertisement
Luckily , a few sips of the pungent , salty , almost beef - jerky flavor of Tactical Nuclear Penguin goes a long way .
At a recent tasting in Los Angeles , Watt popped a single bottle and split it between more than 50 lucky attendees who lined up for a sip .
Not yet legal to sell in the U.S. , one bottle was all he could smuggle in his luggage , Watt said .
As for who will claim the strongest beer title next , Watt says it wo n’t be BrewDog .
“ We are all out at 41 % , ” he says .
In fact , the company ’s next release will be a tame Scotch ale brewed with berries .
How tame ?
A wee 12 % .
Advertisement
food@latimes.com
• Production from tar sands will rise to 4 m barrels a day by 2025 • Shareholders seek review of environmental impact of tar sands
The £ 250 bn cost of developing Canada 's controversial tar sands between now and 2025 could be used to decarbonise the western economy by funding ambitious solar power schemes in the Sahara or a European wide shift to electric vehicles , according to a new report released today .
The same amount of investment would also help the world to hit half of the Millenium Development Goals in the 50 least - developed countries , says the research from The Co-operative and conservation group , WWF , which is released to coincide with a new film , Dirty Oil , being premiered in 25 cinemas around the UK today .
It is a hard - hitting documentary narrated by Canadian actor , Neve Campbell .
The moves are all part of a concerted effort to put shareholder and public pressure on BP and Shell which are at the forefront of extracting oil from the carbon - intensive tar sands of Alberta .
The Co-op claims its task has gained urgency by BP unveiling plans last week to speed up new tar sands projects through a tie - up with Devon Energy .
" The sums of money being invested in tar sands developments are enormous and difficult for the average person to grasp , " says Paul Monaghan , head of social goals at the Co-op .
" This report ( The Opportunity of the Tar Sands ) puts things into perspective and demonstrates not only the scale of the problem , which could take us to the brink of runaway climate change , but also the opportunity being lost .
It is literally a matter of life and death that these enormous oil titans are re-steered to much more sustainable paths , " he adds .
The production of tar sands is estimated by critics to emit three times more greenhouse gases than conventional oil production .
It is estimated that tar sands production will increase from its 1.3 m barrels a day to at least 4 m barrels by 2025 .
A resolution has been put down by the Co-op and other shareholders to be taken at the BP annual general meeting next month alongside a similar one for Shell asking for a review of the economics and environmental impact of tar sands .
The Co-op and WWF say the combined cost of all tar sands – £ 250 bn – could be used for clean power projects such as the Desertec scheme linking solar plants in North Africa to a " supergrid " which could produce 15 % of Europe 's electricity by 2050 .
Cat vs. Printer
[+]
This cat tries to take on the printer .
The printer finally gets the best of him .
WASHINGTON — Federal prosecutors charged the former president of Blackwater Worldwide and four other former senior company officials on Friday with weapons violations and making false statements in the first criminal inquiry to reach into the top management ranks of the private security company .
The executives were some of the closest advisers to Blackwater ’s founder , Erik Prince , and helped him steer the company during its swift rise to become the leading contractor providing security for American diplomats in Iraq and Afghanistan , working for the State Department , the C.I.A. and the Pentagon .
They were also the senior executives in charge during the company ’s most turbulent period , after its security guards were involved in a series of shootings , including one in Baghdad in 2007 that left 17 Iraqi civilians dead .
Mr. Prince , who was not charged , remains at the helm of the company , now known as Xe Services , while many other executives have left as the company has sought to reshape its public image in the face of mounting legal and political scrutiny .
Bill Clinton today warned politicians and commentators to tone down their rhetoric for fear of inflaming hate groups and provoking violence , as a poll suggested that public trust in the US government is at its lowest point for half a century .
Amid growing concern in the White House about the anti-government mood and a marked rise in radical fringe groups , Clinton said the internet made it easier to spread ideas to reach " the unhinged " .
The worry is not so much over populist movements such as the Tea Party but the revival of extreme groups that have been encouraged by general anti-government sentiment .
On the 15th anniversary of the 1995 Oklahoma bombing , the worst terrorist attack in the US before 9/11 , Clinton wrote in the New York Times : " We are again dealing with difficulties in a contentious , partisan time …
As we exercise the right to advocate our views , and as we animate our supporters , we must all assume responsibility for our words and actions before they enter a vast echo chamber and reach those both serious and delirious , connected and unhinged . "
Clinton said it should not be forgotten what drove the Oklahoma bombers .
" They took to the ultimate extreme an idea advocated in the months and years before the bombing by an increasingly vocal minority : the belief that the greatest threat to American freedom is our government and that public servants do not protect our freedoms but abuse them . "
At a ceremony in Oklahoma yesterday , survivors and victims ' relatives commemorated the 168 people who were killed .
The extent of the anti-government mood in the country was revealed today in a Pew Research Centre poll that found public confidence in the federal government was at its lowest for half a century .
Almost eight out of 10 Americans surveyed said they did not trust it ; only 22 % said they trusted the federal government almost always or most of the time .
Andrew Kohut , director of the Pew Centre , said : " Trust in government rarely gets this low .
Some of it is backlash against Obama .
But there are a lot of other things going on . "
The poll identified several reasons for the rise in anti-government feelings : opposition to Obama ; the recession , in particular the role of Wall Street ; and anger with both Democratic and Republican members of Congress .
The Southern Poverty Legal Centre , which tracks hate groups , said yesterday there has been a surge in the number of militia and other extremists .
Mark Potok , its head , said the mood was so volatile that it needed only a spark to set it off .
Last month nine people linked to the Hutaree , a Christian militia group in Michigan , were arrested over an alleged plot to kill police in the hope of starting an uprising against the government .
In February , a lone anti-tax protester flew a plane into the tax office in Austin , Texas .
Members of Congress who last month supported the health reform bill have been targets of vandalism and death threats .
Yesterday several hundred pro-gun activists gathered at the Washington Monument to demand the end of restrictions on carrying guns in public .
Larry Pratt , executive director of Gun Owners of America , said groups such as his were set on ousting moderate Republicans in primaries before the November Congressional mid-term elections .
" We are in a war , " Pratt , a former Republican member of the Virginia state legislature , told a rally .
He said the Obama administration was out to take their freedom , their money and their childrens because it was socialist .
A newly - formed group , the Oath Keepers , made up of former members of the armed services and police forces , had been due to take part in a rally in Virginia at which they would openly carry firearms but pulled out , expressing fears of confrontation with the police .
The most important acrylic layer is the EndLighten acrylic .
This layer is the one responsible for redirecting the IR light from its sides out the top and bottom surfaces of the acrylic .
Therefore it is necessary to polish the edges of this layer in order to maximize the amount of IR light that can be injected into it .
If it is possible , I recommend laser cutting the EndLighten layer since that will automatically polish the edge to perfection .
If a laser cutter is not an option , then automotive sandpaper will do the trick .
Start with 600 grit ( lower if the saw cut is rough ) and sand each edge until they are perfectly smooth .
Finish each of the sides with 1000 grit .
Finally , polish the edges with a plastic polish ( Brasso will work too ) .
Notice , the edges will still appear milky at this point , this is normal for EndLighten acrylic .
You do not need to polish the other two layers , and I actually recommend that they remain rough that way no IR light can shine into them .
The rear projection layer should be placed directly on top of the EndLighten layer .
This layer will act as a diffuser for the projector , that way the projector does not simply shine directly though the surface at the user .
The abrasion resistant layer should be placed on top of the rear projection layer .
This layer is important since it protects the other more expensive layers and is the layer that the actual user will be touching .
Do you enjoy the exotic taste of gorilla , chimpanzee , and bonobo ?
If so , you could be putting yourself at risk for simian foamy virus , and it would be just terrible if you suffered any negative consequences as a result of your appetite for endangered primates .
Scientists have found strains of the virus in three different species of monkeys that were brought into New York to be eaten .
Though they say it 's related to H.I.V. , it 's " not known to cause disease . "
But the virus 's long - term effects remain unknown , and diseases like " monkey pox , SARS , and HIV / AIDS ( via human infection with simian immunodeficiency virus ) have all impacted public health through the consumption or trade of wild animals , " which is otherwise known as bushmeat .
According to the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service , more than one billion individual animals were imported into the U.S. from 2000 to 2004 , along with over 11 million pounds of bushmeat and other animal products .
Inspectors have seized hundreds of samples of wildlife and wildlife products coming into the country in luggage and mail parcels , and tests were recently run on at least 14 species , including great apes , monkeys , rodents , and bats .
Scientists found two simian foamy virus strains in three primate species : two types of mangabey monkeys and a chimpanzee
" To hit pay dirt right in the beginning , it ’s surprising , " Dr. William Karesh , a veterinarian in charge of Wildlife Conservation Society health programs , tells City Room .
" Because the assumption was viruses in this material would be very rare and very difficult to find , but it ’s not turning out to be that way , which is scary because a lot of this material is coming into the U.S. "
A number of the top contenders for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination are championing a government - run , single - payer health care system , but voter support is down .
Perhaps that ’s because voters see the quality of care suffering , while their personal costs go up .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey finds that 36 % of Likely U.S. Voters still favor a single - payer health care system where the federal government provides coverage for everyone .
Forty - seven percent ( 47 % ) are opposed , while a sizable 17 % are undecided .
( To see survey question wording , click here . )
This is the highest level of opposition in nearly five years .
A year ago , voters were evenly divided , with 43 % in favor of a single - payer system and 43 % opposed .
Sign up : Free daily newsletter Sign up !
Fifty - two percent ( 52 % ) of Democrats favor a single - payer system , compared to 22 % of Republicans and 34 % of voters not affiliated with either major party .
Among all voters , however , 64 % expect their personal taxes to go up if a single - payer health care system is established .
Only six percent ( 6 % ) say their taxes will go down , while 17 % think they will remain about the same .
Twelve percent ( 12 % ) are undecided .
( Want a free daily e-mail update ?
If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) .
Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook .
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on August 4 - 5 , 2019 by Rasmussen Reports .
The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence .
Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC .
See methodology .
With health care shaping up as a critical voting issue again next year , voters continue to rate cost reduction as a key reform .
But 45 % of voters say health care costs will go up if a government - run health care system replaces existing private insurance companies .
Only 23 % believe costs will go down , while 18 % say they will remain about the same .
Fourteen percent ( 14 % ) are not sure .
A plurality ( 47 % ) also thinks health care will be worse under a government - run system .
Twenty - three percent ( 23 % ) say it will be better .
Eighteen percent ( 18 % ) expect quality to stay about the same .
Eleven percent ( 11 % ) are undecided .
Democrats are much less pessimistic about a single - payer health care system than Republicans and unaffiliated voters are which helps explain the power of the issue in the Democratic presidential race .
Yet while Democrats are marginally more convinced that health care will get better under a single - payer system and that costs will go down , even they think their personal taxes will go up if it is implemented .
The older the voter , the more likely they are to oppose a single - payer , government - run system and to expect health care to get worse .
Fifty - six percent ( 56 % ) of all voters think more free market competition between insurance companies will do more to reduce health care costs that more government regulation .
While voters are critical of the U.S. health care system in general , 67 % rate the care they personally receive as good or excellent .
Additional information from this survey and a full demographic breakdown are available to Platinum Members only .
Please sign up for the Rasmussen Reports daily e-mail update ( it 's free ) or follow us on Facebook .
Let us keep you up to date with the latest public opinion news .
by
This post is by Jay Novak , Jon Stribley , and J. Alex Halderman .
Absolute Manage is a remote administration program that allows sysadmins to supervise and maintain client computers over the Internet .
It has been in the news since early February , when Lower Merion School District in Pennsylvania was alleged to be using it to spy on students at home via their laptop webcams .
The story took a new twist last Thursday , when Threat Level reported that researchers at Leviathan Security Group had discovered serious vulnerabilities in the program .
These problems let attackers carry out a number of exploits , including installing malware or running other arbitrary code on the students ’ laptops .
The major limitation in the reported attacks is that the bad guy needs to be on the same local network as the victim , and the program ’s developers , Absolute Software , says it ’s a largely theoretical threat .
Unfortunately , the security problems are worse than has been reported so far , and are far from theoretical .
In fact , any machine with a public IP address running Absolute Manage can be taken over by attackers anywhere on the Internet .
Such an attacker can command the machine to run arbitrary code , steal data , or take photographs using the computer ’s camera .
We have been investigating Absolute Manage for several months , hoping to gain a better understanding of the security measures it employs to protect users .
We are disclosing this information now because , following the Threat Level post , we believe it ’s only a matter of time until real attackers discover it .
Users need to be aware of the vulnerabilities and take proper measures to protect themselves .
Broken Cryptography
The security issues revolve around the way Absolute Manage encrypts commands sent to the clients .
The software has two parts : the Absolute Manage Agent , which runs on client machines , and the Absolute Manage Server , which tracks clients under its supervision and sends commands to perform remote operations like installing new software .
The clients and server exchange messages using a TCP - based protocol .
Clients continuously listen for messages containing instructions from the server , and they also periodically send “ heartbeat ” messages to the server to deliver status updates and pull down any queued commands .
The programs compress and encrypt each message before transmitting it .
They use an encryption algorithm called Blowfish , which is a credible , if outmoded , choice .
The problem is how the keys are managed .
Strong encryption protocols like SSL negotiate a new secret key for each communication session , but Absolute Manage uses the same hard coded key every time , in every client .
Blowfish can use variable - sized keys from 1 - 56 bytes , and the programmers decided to use secret textual phrases for the keys .
We know what the keys are .
We wo n’t publish them here , but they were easy to figure out by inspecting the program files .
Using hard coded keys neutralizes the benefits of cryptography .
Since the same , easy - to - discover key is used in every client , it ’s straightforward for an attacker to unwrap the encrypted messages , modify them , or encrypt messages of his own .
This problem is very similar to the broken cryptography in Diebold voting machines that Ari , Alex , and Ed discovered years ago .
Diebold also used a simple fixed key , which allowed an attacker with access to one machine to learn the key and attack all the other machines .
The broken cryptography in Absolute Manage enables a variety of attacks .
For instance , an attacker can eavesdrop on a command sent from the server and rewrite it to issue a new command that installs and executes malicious code .
Or , he can act as a man - in - the - middle between the client and server and insert evil commands in response to a client heartbeat message .
An attacker could easily do these by sniffing wireless LAN traffic , as in school and office environments where Absolute Manage is often deployed .
These seem to be the attacks referred to in the Threat Level post .
Exploitable from Anywhere
The limitation of these attacks is that the bad guy usually needs to be on the same physical network as the victim .
However , we discovered that potentially more dangerous attacks are possible .
In these attacks , a bad guy anywhere on the Internet can exploit any Absolute Manage client with a publicly reachable IP address .
Here ’s an example of a message from the server to the client , with the encryption and compression removed .
The client tries to authenticate the command using a parameter called the SeedValue .
This value is provided by the server when a client initially attempts to contact it after booting .
After that , the client requires the SeedValue to be the same in subsequent commands .
The client basically ignores all of the other parameters that look like they would be hard to guess , so the SeedValue is the only thing that makes it difficult for the attacker to generate his own command messages from whole cloth .
In our example message , the SeedValue is :
D969E2CD0CB67F4063F45CEAC7D145B12D76A969306AE0CE
It turns out that it is encrypted using a second hard - coded textual phrase .
Decrypting it yields the following bytes :
00 00 00 00 e0 03 10 03 40 03 00 00 31 00 34 00 37 00 35 00 00 00 00 00 00
The length is misleading ; the value is actually just a 16 - bit unicode encoding of a 7 - digit number , 1401475 .
This is the server ’s “ serial number , ” which was provided by Absolute Software along with the product activation key when we purchased our license .
Thus , an attacker who wants to send arbitrary commands to Absolute Manage clients just needs to figure out the server ’s serial number .
One way he can do that is to guess it .
The attacker could try contacting the client with different values until one of them turns out to be correct .
If all serial numbers are 7 digits ( like ours ) or less , and there is no pattern to there assignment , then an attacker can guess among 10 million possibilities .
If there is a pattern ( the likely case ) then the attacker ’s job may be much easier .
Our tests show that we can make more than 330 guesses / second over a fast network link , so even assuming no pattern an attacker could expect to succeed after about four hours of guessing .
Each server uses the same serial number for all its clients , so after the attacker guesses it for one client , he can compromise all the server ’s other clients without any additional guesswork .
Brute forcing the server ’s serial number is one method attackers can use , but there is a much more efficient attack for targeting a large set of clients : the server will tell the correct SeedValue to any client that asks .
If the attacker knows the IP address of the server a client is trying to contact , he can just impersonate a freshly - booted client and ask the server to send him the correct SeedValue .
The server will respond with all the information the attacker needs to impersonate the server .
A bad guy could extend this method to target all Absolute Manage clients in one attack .
He could scan the entire Internet address space to discover all hosts running Absolute Manage Server and build a list of active SeedValues .
( Servers generally run on public IP addresses so that they can receive status updates from clients that are away from the local network . )
Such a scan would take only a few days .
The attacker could then do a second Internet - wide scan to discover Absolute Manage Clients .
For each of them , he would need only a few seconds to try all the active SeedValues from his list and determine the correct one .
This attack could be exploited to quickly install and run malicious code on all computers running the Absolute Manage client on publicly accessible IP addresses .
Defenses and Lessons
In the short term , users can protect themselves by uninstalling the Absolute Manage client .
This might be difficult on machines with privileges locked down , so system administrators will need to help .
( Attempts to work around the problem , such as firewalling the server so it ca n’t be found by an Internet scan , may backfire .
If the server is unreachable from outside the firewall , clients that are rebooted away from the local network will be unable to obtain a SeedValue .
In this situation , the clients insecurely default to accepting arbitrary commands without even the protection of a SeedValue . )
In the long term , the solution is for Absolute Manage to adopt serious cryptographic authentication .
Absolute Software says they will do this in the next version later this summer–let ’s hope they get it right next time .
Remote administration products like Absolute Manage carry large risks because they intentionally create a mechanism for a remote third party to take control of the machine .
This can be powerful in the right hands but devastating if exploited by attackers .
There will always be a risk of abuse by authorized parties , as alleged in the students ’ lawsuit against Lower Merion School District , but correctly designed technology should at least prevent unauthorized third - party attacks by making sure only authorized parties can issue commands .
This requires getting authentication right–exactly what Absolute Manage failed to do .
Because of these dangers , remote administration software should be designed defensively , minimizing the risk even if the authentication fails .
For example , it could only allow installation of signed binaries , or it could give users prominent notification before actions are taken so that attacks can be more easily detected .
The blatant vulnerabilities in Absolute Manage suggest that this kind of remote administration software requires greater security scrutiny .
We will further discuss the problems and the lessons they carry in a forthcoming paper .
“ It 's an aquatic prairie , ” said Gary Vitrano , a Louisiana state wildlife biologist .
But as the Deepwater Horizon oil spill laps at the Louisiana coast , its effects go far beyond what spreads across the surface to what can't be seen far below .
Not only do the toxic components of oil threaten the wildlife here , it 's also the unprecedented amount of chemicals used to fight it .
Already , oil and the chemical dispersant have invaded the complex web of life in the Gulf of Mexico , from tiny contaminated plankton and blackened sargassum drifting through the spill to thousands of dolphin known to live and travel there .
“ My concern is with the entire food chain , ” said Donald M. Baltz , chairman of the oceanography and coastal sciences department at Louisiana State University .
“ Adding toxic materials to the mess in the form of dispersants has its pros and cons ... it 's a concern whether the largest harm will come from the oil or from what they use to ‘ solve ' the problem . ”
Because of potential threats of contamination to fish and shellfish , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has closed a large area of the Gulf through May 17 and considered declaring a national fisheries disaster .
Many species of fish , shellfish , birds , sea turtles and mammals are considered at risk .
Red snapper and spotted sea trout are among those that will soon begin to spawn in potentially contaminated offshore waters .
In the potential path of the spill are 20 national wildlife refuges currently filled with nesting herons , terns and brown pelicans , removed from the endangered species list in Louisiana just a few months ago .
Immense contamination
BP bought out the manufacturer 's entire U.S. stockpile of dispersant to try to keep the spill from reaching refuges and beaches , as well as the largest coastal wetlands system in the United States .
But the oil made landfall anyway late Wednesday on the Chandeleur Islands , part of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge , southeast of New Orleans .
Miles of boom have been laid to try to keep it from tainting shallow waters filled with sea grass , shorebirds and many other creatures that , if fouled by oil , might be impossible to clean or even locate .
Already , the offshore contamination from the spill is immense and unprecedented in the northern Gulf of Mexico .
This spill is more than a third as large as the devastating Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska in 1989 , according to official estimates , and could get larger .
And never before has so much dispersant — containing toxic heavy metals — been deployed to fight a spill in a single site .
So far , BP estimates that about 95,000 barrels of oil — 5,000 barrels a day — have spewed into the Gulf since the drilling rig exploded on April 20 .
On top of that , more than 250,000 gallons of dispersant have been applied both by air and underwater at the Deepwater Horizon spill site , the U.S. Coast Guard confirmed .
Though considered by many experts as the lesser of two evils , the environmental impact of so much dispersant at one site remains “ widely unknown , ” Environmental Protection Agency officials admit .
The spill has fouled waters frequented by several species of dolphin .
Bottlenose dolphins in the Gulf may remain in their home waters even during major environmental threats , like red tide and hurricanes , based on research conducted on a Florida community of those dolphins by Randall Wells , a Florida - based scientist with the Chicago Zoological Society .
“ We are concerned they do n't have the option to leave and they would be subject to whatever happened within the region , ” Wells said .
NOAA has photographed whales and striped dolphins swimming through the spill in recent days .
At least 38 dead sea turtles and two dolphins have washed up near the spill area , though the cause of death is still unknown .
Beneath the surface
It could take years of scientific study for the true environmental effects of this spill to be measured , researchers and scientists predicted .
“ It 's important to understand for every carcass that washes up on a beach , there may be many more carcasses that sink or are scavenged and are in the marshes out - of - sight .
For every bird carcass there are probably another 10 that are not picked up , ” said Stan Senner , director of conservation science for the nonprofit Ocean Conservancy .
“ Beyond that , there are a whole array of impacts that go on unseen . ”
More than 21 years after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker ran aground on a reef , signs of that spill continue to show in the formerly pristine Prince William Sound in Alaska .
On sunny days , oil still seeps up through the rocks on its shores , staining the fur of river otters .
And the Pacific herring has never fully recovered .
The monitoring continues today .
Ed Overton , another Louisiana - based researcher who is part of NOAA 's chemical hazard assessment team is analyzing the potential effects of the dispersant used by BP , called Corexit .
It has worked well on smaller spills , but its safety limits are unknown in such volume .
“ If you drink a gin and tonic , one is fine — a whole bottle is not fine , ” he said .
Tissue samples taken
The Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries has focused on the top of the food chain out of concern for public health , taking tissue samples of spotted sea trout , red drum , flounder and other species popular among seafood lovers .
The state already has closed areas east of the Mississippi River delta to fishing .
Even now , as the Deepwater Horizon 's rust - colored oil stain moves and spreads , teams of spotters working for NOAA and for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are doing rapid inventories by plane to produce rough estimates of locations and concentrations of sea life and birds that may be harmed by the oil and the dispersant .
Even now , as the Deepwater Horizon 's rust - colored oil stain moves and spreads , teams of spotters working for NOAA and for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are doing rapid inventories by plane to produce rough estimates of locations and concentrations of sea life and birds that may be harmed by the oil and the dispersant .
Sperm whales , which have teeth and feed on fish , as well as baleen whales , are likely to swim around the worst of the mess .
Yet those and many others species favor feeding grounds near the mouth of the Mississippi River just a few miles west of the spill site .
The Gulf has a tremendous capacity to reabsorb smaller amounts of oil , which naturally bubbles up from its bed .
It appeared to consume even the 124 small spills , an estimated 17,000 barrels , created by the Hurricanes Katrina and Rita , according to U.S. government estimates .
Already , the spill is the biggest man-made threat to the Gulf in two decades .
“ Even if the oil spill stops now , it 's going to take a long time for the ecosystem to consume it , ” said James H. Cowan Jr. , an LSU professor and Gulf fisheries expert .
“ For me , this has the potential to become a chronic insult . ”
Reporter Harvey Rice contributed to this report .
lise.olsen@chron.com
matthew.tresaugue@chron.com
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Adrian Newey has expressed safety concerns about the use of F - ducts in Formula 1 .
With most outfits on the grid pushing hard to introduce the concept pioneered by McLaren , Newey fears that there could be dangers in the way that drivers change the downforce dynamics of cars .
Speaking to Gazzetta dello Sport , Newey said : " McLaren 's F - duct is intelligent and opens new ways .
However I 'm worried about the safety aspect .
The system works by stalling the rear wing and getting rid of the load .
To force a driver to make a sudden movement to change normal load conditions has to do with safety . "
Despite his worries , Newey is working on getting an F - duct onto the Red Bull as soon as possible , because of the straightline speed advantage the concept offers .
The team does not yet know when its own version will be ready though .
" It 's a tricky question , " said Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner .
" It will be incorporated into an update at some point .
The guys are looking at it .
" But it is a complicated piece of technology and it is important you get it right .
We will introduce it when we are happy with the solution . "
Newey added : " Many cars , including ours , have been re-designed around the double diffuser .
The rhythm of development is high and the speed at which you bring new things remains fundamental .
" We are looking at the F - duct .
We have understood how it works , but to get it to work properly is another thing .
We do n't know when we can take it to the track .
" The difficult thing is that McLaren has designed the chassis around that system , but the rules prevent you from modifying the chassis .
Every new thing has to be included in the current structure . "
One minute you 're chatting via webcam with a mom of two from Montauk , N.Y. -- and the next you 're staring at a stark - naked man in Bangkok .
Such is virtual life on Chatroulette , an " extreme social networking "
Web site that connects users with a limitless number of " random strangers " from around the globe .
The site , which debuted late last year , is an Internet sensation , attracting tens of thousands of videochatters at a time .
But a large number of them seem determined to expose themselves , or to entice others to do so -- and that is causing alarm among authorities and child protection advocates .
Chatroulette , they say , is a " predator 's paradise . "
Though users of the site must confirm that they are at least 16 years old and that they agree not to broadcast obscene , offending or pornographic material , some legal experts -- including one who saw the dangers firsthand -- say those barriers can be easily bypassed and can connect children with sexual predators and child molesters .
" Parents should keep all children off the site because it 's much too dangerous for children , " Dr. Keith Ablow , a psychiatrist and Fox News contributor , said .
" It 's a predator 's paradise .
This is one of the worst faces of the Internet that I 've seen .
It 's disconnecting human relationships rather than connecting them . "
Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children , told CBS '
The Early Show that the site is the " last place parents want their kids to be . "
" This is a huge red flag ; this is extreme social networking , " Allen said .
" This is a place kids are going to gravitate to . "
But the authorities find themselves wearing a big set of handcuffs when dealing with the site 's inherent dangers .
Anupam Chander , a law professor at the University of California - Davis , said he saw " clear indecency " within 10 minutes of going on Chatroulette .
" It would be very easy for authorities that wanted to suggest that the site was contributing to public indecency to do that , " he told FoxNews.com .
But , he continued , the Communications Decency Act of 1996 may exempt civil liability for Chatroulette itself , because the law has been interpreted to imply that operators of Internet services are not publishers , and therefore not legally liable for the content of third - party users .
Authorities would be more likely to go after individuals who expose themselves while using the site , he said .
But that 's much easier said than done .
" Are any local police in Kentucky or Boston going to have the resources to chase after someone in Albania ? " he asked .
" What this will inevitably involve is the federal authorities , because it is transmission of indecent material across state lines . "
If a crime did occur on the site -- say , someone exposing himself to a minor -- the victim would be unlikely to bring the matter to authorities , Chander said .
So a successful prosecution would likely start with an investigator posing as an minor .
" This is not easy , but I think it will require the federal authorities to apply their best talents and their best efforts , " he said .
" If [ a flasher ] thinks no one can get to him , then he 's going to do this again and again and again .
It 's important for him to feel the threat of prosecution . "
Jim Walden , a former federal prosecutor and co-chairman of the white - collar defense and investigations group at Dunn & Crutcher LLP in New York , said a prosecutor would theoretically have sufficient basis to start an investigation based solely on an offending broadcast shown in his or her jurisdiction .
" So if there is a child predator using this site in order to lure children , or if someone uses this site to further some sort of intellectual property crime , a prosecutor in the jurisdiction where this is broadcast has sufficient basis to start an investigation , " he said .
" And the broadcast itself could be enough . "
But getting a copy of that broadcast would be " practically impossible , " Walden said , unless the images and messages are being archived by the site 's providers .
" I find it hard to believe that these images are n't retained for some period of time , " he said .
" Let 's be realistic .
This is the Internet -- someone , somewhere is keeping a copy of this content . "
But Doug Isenberg , an Internet law attorney based in Atlanta , said he found it " difficult if not impossible " to track any user of the site , since it does not require registration .
" What can you do about it ?
The answer right now seems to be not very much , " Isenberg said .
" I 'm sure there will be those who want to shut the site down in its entirety because it 's being used for some illegal activity .
But that may be an extreme response , just like shutting down YouTube because there are videos on there that infringe copyrights . "
The site 's creator is understood to be Andrey Ternovskiy , a 17 - year - old high school student in Moscow .
He told the New York Times he initially created the site for " fun " and to connect randomly with global users .
He said its seven servers are located in Frankfurt , Germany .
" Everyone finds his own way of using the site , " Ternovskiy wrote in an e-mail to the paper .
" Some think it is a game , others think it is a whole unknown world , others think it is a dating service .
I think it 's cool that such a concept can be useful for so many people .
Although some people are using the site in not very nice ways -- I am really against it . "
Ryan Calo , a resident fellow at the Stanford Center for Internet and Policy , said the issues of jurisdiction , intent and liability surrounding the site would make perfect law school testing material .
" It would make for a great cyberlaw exam , " Calo said .
" Students would have to identify all those issues . "
Despite the legal ambiguities surrounding the site , Chris Reed , professor of electronic commerce law at the Queen Mary University of London School of Law , told FoxNews.com that an individual could be extradited to a foreign country for transmitting obscene or indecent images if the conduct is obscene in both countries -- that of the sender and receiver .
But that 's not likely to happen , he said .
" In practice , no country has sufficient law enforcement resources to take action in other than symbolic cases , " Reed wrote FoxNews.com in an e-mail .
" There just are n't enough courts , police officers , etc. , to chase after online activities which cause little harm in the receiving country .
" I guess the question is how best to use the country 's tax dollars -- do you chase crack dealers ?
Or go after foreigners who masturbate in front of webcams ?
I doubt any country can afford to do both . "
Anderlecht clinched the Belgian championship with a 2 - 1 win over nearest rivals Club Bruges .
Win over Bruges secures 30th league title
Anderlecht clinched the Belgian championship with a 2 - 1 win over nearest rivals Club Bruges .
Jelle Van Damme set Anderlecht on their way with the opener in the first half and Matias Suarez netted a crucial second three minutes from time .
Wesley Sonck pulled a goal back Bruges in stoppage time , but Anderlecht held on to secure the win and their 30th league title in the process .
Anderlecht have unassailable 14 - point lead in the top six play - off group with just four matches to play .
Happy belated Cinco de Mayo !
If you 're still recovering , be sure not to miss the “ illegal ” trailer crafted by writer / director Robert Rodriguez for his upcoming film “ Machete . ”
Danny
Trejo plays the knife - wielding hero , and he ’s got a special message in there , just for Arizona .
Before the Southwestern state made headlines by , as CNN.com notes , requiring " all immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times and requiring police to question people if there is reason to suspect them of being in the country illegally , " Rodriguez was toiling away on a Mexploitation film that touches on the same issue , to be released by 20th Century Fox on September 3 , 2010 .
The new trailer for the film , which features Jessica Alba , Robert DeNiro , Lindsay Lohan and Michelle Rodriguez , lays out the basic plot points : Danny Trejo ’s Machete is paid to assassinate a corrupt senator with an anti-immigration platform , but it ’s actually a set - up to reinforce the senator ’s call for harsh anti-immigration laws .
But , as the trailer says , those on the senator ’s side “ soon realize they [ expletive ] with the wrong Mexican . ”
In a statement from Fox , the studio confirmed that Robert Rodriguez was indeed given the green light to make the trailer , but they did n't know exactly what he was going to do .
See the full trailer here .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Classified U.S. military video showing a 2007 attack by Apache helicopters that killed a dozen people in Baghdad , including two Reuters news staff , was released on Monday by a group that promotes leaking to fight government and corporate corruption .
The group , WikiLeaks , told a news conference at the National Press Club it acquired encrypted video of the July 12 , 2007 , attack from military whistleblowers and had been able to view and investigate it after breaking the encryption code .
A U.S. defense official confirmed that the video and audio were authentic .
The helicopter gunsight video , with an audio track of talking between the fliers , shows an aerial view of a group of men moving about a square in a Baghdad neighborhood .
The fliers identify some of the men as armed .
WikiLeaks said the men in the square include Reuters photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen , 22 , and his assistant and driver Saeed Chmagh , 40 , who were killed in the incident .
“ The gathering at the corner that is fired up on has about nine people in it , ” Julian Assange , a WikiLeaks spokesman said .
The gunsight tracks the two Reuters news staff as the fliers identify their cameras as weapons .
The helicopter initially opens fire on the small group .
Minutes later a van comes by , and starts assisting the wounded , and the helicopter opens fire on the van .
David Schlesinger , Reuters ’ editor in chief , said of the video released by WikiLeaks that the deaths of Noor - Eldeen and Chmagh were “ tragic and emblematic of the extreme dangers that exist in covering war zones . ”
“ The video released today via WikiLeaks is graphic evidence of the dangers involved in war journalism and the tragedies that can result , ” he said .
Reuters has pressed the U.S. military to conduct a full and objective investigation into the killing of the two staff .
Video of the incident from two U.S. Apache helicopters and photographs taken of the scene were shown to Reuters editors in Baghdad on July 25 , 2007 in an off - the - record briefing .
U.S. military officers who presented the materials said Reuters had to make a request under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to get copies .
This request was made the same day .
Assange said he disagreed with a U.S. military assessment of the incident that the attack was justified .
“ I believe that if those killings were lawful under the rules of engagement , then the rules of engagement are wrong , deeply wrong , ” he said .
The fliers in the video act “ like they are playing a computer game and their desire is they want to get high scores ” by killing opponents , he said .
WikiLeaks posted the video at www.collateralmurder.com.
Safest Choice® Pasteurized Eggs
Davidson 's Safest Choice ®
Eggs are pasteurized , so they taste great and are safe for all your favorite egg dishes !
The Safest Choice gentle water bath pasteurization process reduces the risk of Salmonella in eggs without changing the nutrition or flavor .
Now you can safely enjoy your favorite styles and recipes such as Hollandaise , Caesar salad dressing and other sauces — and sunny side up , poached or soft scrambled eggs .
Enjoy Farm - Fresh Flavor !
Taste Safest Choice and you ’ll discover that our pasteurized eggs look , cook , and taste like other eggs .
In fact , Safest Choice Pasteurized Eggs have earned the Seal of Approval for exceptional flavor and culinary performance from the nation ’s largest organization of professional chefs , the American Culinary Federation ( ACF ) .
Unbelievable :
SWAT team breaks into home , fires seven rounds at family ’s pit bull and corgi (?! ) as a seven - year - old looks on .
They found a “ small amount ” of marijuana , enough for a misdemeanor charge .
The parents were then charged with child endangerment .
So smoking pot = “ child endangerment . ”
Storming a home with guns , then firing bullets into the family pets as a child looks on = necessary police procedures to ensure everyone ’s safety .
This is what happens when you give a bunch of cowboy assholes heavy weapons and fill them with a God complex .
Although I ’m sure Joe Lieberman would suggest we strip this family of their citizenship .
Oddly enough , I doubt the tea partiers screaming about individual liberty will notice this .
After all , it is n’t like the cops were going to raise their taxes or provide them with affordable healthcare coverage .
They were just shooting his dogs in front of his family and then made up some bullshit excuse to try to take away the kid .
No big deal .
( via )
A Russian man is hoping to overhaul the technology within Taser - type weapons -- transforming them from single - shot , short - range devices that stun for a few seconds , into more effective long - range , rapid - fire weapons -- by modifying the wires and the type of shock they generate .
Traditionally , remote electroshock weapons work by firing a pair of darts , each trailed by conducting wires .
When the darts hit the target a circuit is made , and a series of electric shocks flow between them to stun the target .
Non-lethal weapon developer Oleg Nemtyshkin 's design , however , uses bare wires , rather than the insulated wires favoured by Taser and other stun gun makers .
These wires weigh only about one sixteenth as much as insulated wire , providing less drag on the darts and improved accuracy .
Advertisement
Nemtyshkin demonstrated his bare wire technology with a prototype – " Legionary " -- in 2001 .
His latest version is the S5 , and a video of the weapon in action shows it firing repeatedly -- almost as fast as the trigger can be pulled .
By contrast , the X26 Taser , used by British police forces , is a single - shot weapon , while the latest Taser X3 released last year in the US delivers three shots .
Read next
How the golden visa scheme let Russian money pour into the UK
How the golden visa scheme let Russian money pour into the UK
But it 's not just speed : by using bare wire , it becomes much cheaper to manufacture .
Just as with inkjet printers , you can end up spending more on the " ammunition " cartridges for Tasers than the guns themselves .
A standard cartridge , containing a pair of darts , costs about £ 15 .
But Nemtyshkin believes he can bring this down to three or four pounds when his design is mass - produced .
As he puts it , he wants to make the non-lethal weapon as cheap as shooting someone .
Advertisement
But while cost may not seem so important to Westerners , it can be a big factor in many parts of the world .
For example , the average Russian police officer is paid about £ 500 per month , and budgets for equipment and training ammunition are tight .
Nemtyshkin had trouble finding business partners in Russia , so he teamed up with an American outfit .
John McDermit , CEO of Nova Technologies , confirmed to Wired that his company has signed an exclusive agreement to use Nemtyshkin 's technology .
The company , which makes stun guns and other security devices , already has a prototype based on the S5 .
This is called the Stun Ray and is expected to be in production later this year .
Read next Russia blazed a trail for Chinese oligarchs to nab London property Russia blazed a trail for Chinese oligarchs to nab London property
Steve Tuttle of Taser International is , rather unsurprisingly , dubious about the concept of uninsulated wires , pointing out that there are " enormous technical challenges " in making this approach effective in practice .
Advertisement
Were they not insulated , the two darts in a Taser are so close together that there would be arcing across the gap between them .
In Nemtyshkin 's designs the darts have to be spaced further apart and fired from separate launch tubes .
Only extensive testing and field use will show if the bare wires cause other problems or can be shorted out too easily .
The second big innovation is using a burst of electrical energy causing effects that continue after the shock has ended .
The Taser X26 uses a five - second shock cycle , administering a series of very brief shocks over that period .
Tuttle says that as soon as the shock cycle is over , the subject can get up again and move about normally .
If you want someone to stay down , the only way is to keep shocking them , which is why with Tasers the shock cycle can be repeated with a pull of the trigger .
The Russian Institute of Biophysics at the Moscow State Research Centre has been experimenting with single shocks rather than a long series .
Their aim is to have an effect that is " instant or nearly so " , but that incapacitates the target for a prolonged period .
In tests on animals they have shown that with the right sort of electrical pulse ( frequency appears to be the key ) , a shock lasting less than a hundredth of a second causes an electroconvulsive reaction that knocks the animal out for 20 seconds .
This technology is already used in electric stun batons produced by the Russian March group .
According to the company 's promotional literature , a one - second contact will leave the target stunned for five minutes or more , depending on how much contact is made .
Western researchers have not validated the safety and effectiveness of this type of shock , but there is known to be work on similar technology in the US .
Read next Russia has been caught hacking into coronavirus vaccine projects Russia has been caught hacking into coronavirus vaccine projects
Nemtyshkin's next project , the Leyden Gun , will deliver a short shock with lasting effects .
The Leyden Gun is the size of a paintball rifle , with a magazine of thirty rounds .
The projectiles are simple needles rather than elaborate barbed darts , as they do not stick to the target but administer a single jolt from a high - voltage capacitor .
Nemtyshkin sees the Leyden Gun as a riot - control weapon , and an alternative to rubber bullets .
The lightweight darts are effective out to 30 metres – three times the range of a Taser , and the same as the XREP Taser shotgun projectile currently being considered by UK police .
Longer range will make it harder to guarantee a hit , so the Leyden Gun can fire a burst of three shots with each trigger pull to improve the odds .
There will also be a pistol - sized Leyden Gun with shorter range and a magazine of eight or 10 shots .
Nemtyshkin hopes to have a working Leyden Gun prototype within a year , but admits that funding is difficult .
His research budget is a tiny fraction of what companies such as Taser International can afford .
Electroshock weapons have always been controversial .
There have been many claims that police sometimes use them as a way of punishing awkward suspects , and googling the words " taser video " provides some graphic illustrations .
However , when used correctly they may have an important role , and Nemtyshkin sees such weapons as " a humane tool to save lives . "
Advertisement
At present , if Russian police are faced with a drugged or drunken criminal with a knife , they can either gun him down , or risk going in hand - to - hand to disarm him .
Devices like the S5 will give them a third option .
The same applies to riot control , as the Leyden Gun could be less harmful than rubber bullets , which hit with enough force to cause serious , and sometimes fatal injuries .
David Hambling has also written about the UK 's future armed police drones .
Although Microsoft's Office Open XML ( OOXML ) document format became an ISO standard two years ago , the company still has n't built any software that truly complies with the standard .
Microsoft Office 2010 , which is expected to be released later this year , implements the deprecated " transitional " version of the format and is not compatible with the version that was crafted by the standards body .
Microsoft 's failure to adopt the standard version of the format after two years has drawn criticism from Alex Brown , the convener of ISO 's OOXML subcommittee ( SC34 ) .
Brown was consistently supportive of Microsoft 's push to obtain fast - track approval for OOXML during and after the ISO review process , but his optimism appears to be waning .
In a recent blog entry , Brown contends that Microsoft is not fulfilling its commitment to adopt the ISO 's edited version of the standard .
When OOXML was first proposed for ISO standardization in 2007 , it was soundly rejected due to a wide range of technical concerns .
The standards body made it clear that Microsoft would have to subject its format to revision and improvements before it would qualify for approval .
During Microsoft 's second attempt to push the format through the fast - track process , the participants revised the OOXML specification and made a number of key improvements that made it possible to build consensus for fast - track approval .
In order to accommodate Microsoft , which was shipping its own earlier version of the format in its
Office suite , the ISO specification for OOXML was split into two variants .
The " transitional " variant was intended to be used on a temporary basis with the expectation that it will be eventually be phased out .
The " strict " variant consists of the edited specification , the one on which ISO 's approval of OOXML was predicated .
Microsoft committed to adopt ISO 's edited version of the format , but has clearly not done so in Office 2010 .
Microsoft 's software is still largely based on the original 2007 version of the specification , the one that was rejected by ISO .
Brown is particularly concerned by the extent to which Office 2010 relies on deprecated features that are only supposed to be used for legacy document compatibility .
For example , Office 2010 still uses VML , an abandoned precursor to SVG that is not supported in the strict variant of ISO 's OOXML specification .
Missing maintenance and oversight
Brown also expresses frustration with the lack of proper maintenance for the format .
The working group that is responsible for addressing defect reports is n't keeping pace , which means that the inconsistencies in the specification are still piling up and are n't being addressed .
He also calls out ECMA for failing to play a role in making necessary improvements to the OOXML format .
" Most worrying of all , it appears than Ecma have ceased any proactive attempt to improve the text , leaving just a handful of national experts wrestling with this activity , " he wrote .
" It seems to me that Microsoft / Ecma believe 95 % of the work has been done to ensure the standard is ' useful and relevant ' .
Looking at the text , I reckon it is more like 95 % that remains to be done , as it is still lousy with defects . "
He points out that the documents generated by Office 2010 fail to pass basic validation tests .
What makes it even worse is that the problems that are uncovered by these tools are probably just the tip of the iceberg .
" The simple validators developed by me ( Office - o - tron ) and by Jesper Lund Stocholm ( ISO / IEC 29500 Validator ) reveal , to Microsoft 's dismay , that the output documents of the Office 2010 Beta are non-conformant , and that this is in large part due to glaring uncorrected problems in the text [ of the specification ] , " he wrote .
" I confidently predict that fuller validation of Office document is likely to reveal many problems both with those documents , and with the Standard itself , over the coming years . "
Many of the problems that are currently plaguing OOXML were anticipated by the format 's skeptics during the ISO approval process .
Despite its extreme complexity , the format was grossly underspecified from the start — partly due to the inclusion of legacy compatibility hacks that were never fully defined .
The approval process was marred by a number of bizarre irregularities , such as block - voting on changes without review during a ballot resolution meeting and alleged incidents of vote - stuffing in several national standards bodies .
Several countries attempted to appeal the approval of OOXML because they felt that their contributions to the revision process were marginalized by the irregularities .
ISO rejected the appeal , contending that the procedural failings are irrelevant and do n't invalidate the final vote .
ISO 's view is seemingly that any procedure is permissible as along as it receives majority approval .
When all of that was happening , Brown was optimistic that the problems could be addressed and that Microsoft would embrace the committee 's improvements .
Now , he sees things in a very different light .
OOXML , he says , is destined to fail as an open standard unless Microsoft changes course .
" If Microsoft ship Office 2010 to handle only the Transitional variant of ISO / IEC 29500 they should expect to be roundly condemned for breaking faith with the International Standards community .
This is not the format ' approved by ISO / IEC ' , it is the format that was rejected , " he wrote in his blog entry this week .
" In short , we find ourselves at a crossroads , and it seems to me that without a change of direction the entire OOXML project is now surely heading for failure . "
To correct the problem , he believes that Microsoft should publicly reaffirm its commitment to support the strict version of the standard and should work to ensure that it is supported in Office 2010 .
Although it is probably too late for Microsoft to rectify the problem before Office 2010 is released , Brown suggests that the necessary changes could be delivered in a software update or service pack .
He also wants the standards body to begin establishing a process for removing the transitional features from the official specification .
It is now abundantly clear that fast - track approval of OOXML was a mistake .
By giving Microsoft the approval first with the intention of correcting the problems in the standard later , ISO eliminated the incentive for Microsoft to take conformance seriously .
It is increasingly obvious that Microsoft only wanted to be able to advertise its format as being ISO - approved and never really cared about interoperability or actual conformance with the standard .
AUGUSTA , Ga. —
As Tiger Woods stood in the 13th fairway waiting to hit , over his right shoulder came a wild , unbridled cheer .
Woods turned to look in the direction of the sound , toward the 14th green , where he knew Phil Mickelson was playing .
He put his right hand on his hip , his shoulders slumping ever so slightly as he looked at his feet .
This is Woods ’s 16th Masters , and he knows how to read a roar in the small valley beneath the Augusta National clubhouse .
The clamor he heard was too euphoric , too laden with surprising joy to have been for a simple birdie .
Woods immediately suspected that Mickelson , who had just eagled the par - 5 13th hole , had done it again on the par - 4 14th .
“ At that point , I knew guys were running away from me , ” Woods said later .
“ I was seven shots back , I was behind four or five guys .
I knew there was still time left , but I had to do something to stay with them . ”
At a Masters that has been part soap opera , part athletic event and part stage show , Woods , the lead character in all of it , did enough in the next hour to remain in the drama .
Woods did not play spectacularly , but he immediately and emphatically improved on the erratic golf he had exhibited over the first 12 holes .
Chef Gordon Ramsay cooks a Greek white bean and vegetable soup , topped with feta cheese and olive oil
This recipe is included in Ramsay 's new book , World Kitchen , recipes from the F Word , published by Quadrille
In the past several weeks , we ’ve covered some ground - breaking bus rapid transit ( BRT ) systems on TheCityFix , including Ahmedabad ’s Janmarg , the first full - featured BRT in India , and Johannesburg ’s Rea Vaya , which will eventually be the first full - featured BRT in Africa .
The newest of these pioneering transit systems recently opened in China – the Guangzhou BRT , known as GBRT .
After a ten - day test run over the Chinese New Year holiday , the 22.5 - kilometer system launched on February 21 .
The GBRT is a system of superlatives , like so many other things are in China : it has the world ’s highest number of passenger boardings at BRT stations , the highest BRT bus frequency , and the longest BRT stations .
What ’s more , it is the first BRT to directly connect to a metro system and the first BRT system in China to include bike parking in its station design .
In its first month of operation , the GBRT ’s ridership levels are second only to Bogotá ’s Transmilenio , with more than 25,000 passengers per hour in a single direction at rush hour , and more than 800,000 boardings per day .
The GBRT also includes the following features :
26 stations
42 bus routes operate in the corridor , all but one of which operates both inside and outside the BRT corridor
A smart card system
Connecting tunnels from the BRT platform to the Guangzhou metro at three stations
Bike lanes along the trunk line
5,500 bike parking spaces at stations ( planned )
5,000 rental bicycles at stations ( planned )
GBRT is noteworthy for its provision of “ direct service . ”
This takes advantage of the ability of buses to operate both inside and outside a BRT corridor , greatly reducing passenger transfers compared to a trunk - and - feeder system .
Experts also point to good corridor selection and station design ( in terms of dimensions , placement , architecture and configuration ) .
Additionally , Guangzhou takes a novel approach to bus operations .
All of the other Chinese BRT systems have one BRT operator , typically the dominant state - owned bus operator .
In Guangzhou , there are seven operating companies in three large corporate groups .
This makes some aspects of regulation more complicated , but ultimately , gives regulators more options in terms of ensuring good service .
GBRT ’s launch was not without challenges .
The media coverage was hostile prior to the opening .
The system was also plagued with a few operational problems later in February as demand returned to normal levels after the Chinese New Year holiday .
However , the media now reflects generally positive views , and officials are working to further improve the system in the coming months .
Currently , it relies on some regular urban buses , which are unable to meet the high demand .
The city is now procuring new 18 - meter BRT buses to add to those already in operation .
Additionally , planners are working on BRT route adjustments , with technical input from the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy ( ITDP ) and a public consultation process .
Minor route changes , combined with the phased introduction of express routes and larger buses , will result in dramatic operational improvements even as passenger demand continues to grow .
So far , GBRT ’s achievements are impressive .
The system is already thought of as a top contender for next year ’s Sustainable Transport Award ( Ahmedabad ’s Janmarg took home this year ’s top honor . )
What ’s more , it is expected to have impacts around the world .
In the words of Karl Fjellstrom , ITDP ’s Vice Director for China :
“ GBRT is revolutionizing perceptions of bus - based travel .
The system is already having a significant demonstration impact in China , but we expect an eventual international impact as well .
Never before has an Asian BRT system carried more than 8,000 passengers per hour per direction , and the Guangzhou BRT is already carrying more than 25,000 passengers per hour per direction , with significant future growth expected .
It is not just the high capacity that is changing public perceptions , but also the high - quality station design , radical bus priority ( with 22 - 24 m of road width in the middle of the road given to BRT at all of the main stations ) , provision of bike parking in the BRT station design , direct connections from the BRT platform to three metro stations , and sheer passenger volume .
To give an idea , two stations ( Gangding and Tangxia ) both have more than 70,000 passenger boardings per day , more than many BRTs achieve system - wide . ”
Fjellstrom points out that local support for the system is also strong .
All of the key provincial and city level officials have ridden and endorsed it , and there is still a regular line of people along the pedestrian bridges who come to watch it in operation .
In a sense , Fjellstrom observes , GBRT has created a million new bus rapid transit experts .
Check out this GBRT photo gallery .
And if you ’re visiting Guangzhou anytime soon , this blog posted some handy users ’ tips .
( Read our post about congestion pricing proposals in Guangzhou here . )
Note :
The contents in words and pictures of this article are based on the facts when it was first published ( 25.03.2008 ) .
Animal welfare and animal rights
Animal welfare and animal rights are fundamentally different things .
Animal welfare first appeared in modern history in writings in the mid 18th century .
The first animal welfare group , the English RSPCA , was founded in 1824 , the first one in Austria , the WTV , in 1846 in Vienna .
The first Austrian animal law was introduced in the same year .
Animal welfare is motivated by compassion and empathy .
The aim is to reduce the suffering of animals to a “ necessary ” minimum .
The first animal welfare groups worked mostly on helping animals in need , especially so - called pets , i.e. animals , who live in human households as companions .
Killing of animals is no issue in animal welfare .
As long as the killing is done painlessly , it is of no ethical concern .
The paradigm that animals are there for humans to be used , is not questioned in principle .
As long as this use is done “ humanely ” , there is nothing wrong with it .
Animal welfare does not question the animal - human relationship in society as a whole .
The primary aim is to alleviate suffering , hence social , and not to change society , i.e. political .
Animal welfare asks humans to be good people , to be kind to animals , to show empathy and compassion .
Animal rights is a very different kind of ideology .
Animal rights demand from all humans to show respect for the equal basic rights of non human animals .
The value of animals is not determined by their usefulness for humans , by their utility .
The individual animal changes from object to subject , from thing to person .
The first ideas in this direction in modern society were provided by Lewis Gompertz in the early 19th century .
By the end of the 19th century , Henry Salt had founded the first animal rights organisation , the Humanitarian League .
The animal rights ideology does not want to minimize “ necessary ” suffering .
Its goal is to achieve basic rights for all animals , to guarantee their autonomy , to determine their lives by themselves .
Hence , killing of animals becomes a central issue .
There is no act that restricts the autonomy of an animal more than to violently kill him or her .
The animal rights ideology wants to change the animal - human relationship at the roots .
The movement is primarily political .
The demand is justice , the motivation is to fight injustice in this world .
From animal welfare to animal rights
From this analysis we might conclude that animal rights is so completely different from animal welfare that the path leading to the one must be very different from the start , to the path leading to the other .
How should thinking in terms of animal welfare , without questioning the basic paradigm that nonhuman animals are there for human needs , ever lead to animal rights ?
Even worse , does n’t good animal welfare practice , with good animal husbandry and “ humane ” killing , stifle any further critical thoughts on the issue ?
However , things are not as straight forward .
The first hint in this direction might be that the first animal rights thinker , Lewis Gompertz , who even demanded veganism from humanity ( without giving it that name ) , also co-founded the first animal welfare society of the world , the RSPCA .
But even closer to home : was n’t your first motivation to think on those issues triggered by empathy and compassion , which you felt when you saw animals being abused ?
Is n’t it that the power of those feelings motivated you to think deeper and eventually arrive at animal rights ?
Are n’t still almost all animal rights activists today at least also still influenced by such feelings , help animals in need at sanctuaries and feel incapable of enjoying themselves in leisure activities , because the nagging thought of animals suffering at human hands stops them from switching off ?
Is it at all possible , psychologically , to sacrifice all your life to the animal rights cause without compassion and empathy driving you ?
Do n’t almost all people , who end up living vegan , start by either reducing meat , or switching to free range animal products , or at least by living vegetarian for a while , which is also based on the use of animals ?
Does n’t that mean that the fundamental philosophical difference between animal welfare and animal rights suggests a philosophical gap that is n’t actually there in psychological reality ?
A further observation hints in this direction .
Today , Austrian animal laws have already left behind the pure animal welfare ideals introduced above .
Let ’s look at a few examples of laws , which ban even the most “ humane ” use of nonhuman animals in certain areas :
§ 6 ( 2 ) Animal law : Dogs and cats cannot be used to produce any animal product like fur or meat .
§ 25 ( 5 ) Animal law :
It is forbidden to keep any fur bearing animal for the purpose of producing fur .
§ 27 (1 ) Animal law :
It is forbidden to keep or use any animal , apart from domesticated animals , in whatever way in a circus , even if those animals are not used to earn money with .
§ 3 ( 6 ) Animal experiment law :
It is forbidden to use any ape , i.e. chimp , bonobo , gorilla , orang utan or gibbon , for any purpose in an experiment , if this experiment is not in the interest of the individual ape him - or herself .
Further , a few animal laws actually change the animal - human relationship in society and undermine the paradigm that animals are there for humans to use as they please :
§ 285a Civil Law code : Animals are not things .
Constitution :
The state protects life and wellbeing of animals as cohabitants of humans
§ 41 Animal law :
In each province , animal solicitors funded by the province must be established , who can get involved in all court cases regarding animal law , i.e. they get access to all court papers , can call witnesses , submit expert statements and appeal against verdicts on behalf of the animals involved
And in Austria there are laws already established that explicitly ban the killing of animals , however painlessly and „ humanely “ conducted :
§ 6 (1 ) Animal law :
It is forbidden to kill any animal for no good reason
§ 222 ( 3 ) Criminal law :
It is forbidden to kill vertebrate animals for no good reason
Constitution :
The state protects the life of animals as cohabitants of humans
Politically , we can indeed provide a continuous transition from laws that do not restrict animal usage at all , to complete animal rights based on an equal value of the lives of each individual :
No restriction of the use of animals
→ indirect protection ( a ban on abusing animals if that upsets humans )
→ minimal direct protection ( a ban on beating animals „ too much “ )
→ relevant protection of economically irrelevant animals ( „ pets “ )
→ relevant restriction of economic use of animals ( e.g. cage ban )
→ radical restriction of economic use of animals ( only free range )
→ ban on killing
→ „ weak rights “ according to Mary Midgeley
→ the only right : to have animal laws executed
→ basic rights for some animals ( e.g. Great Ape Project )
→ basic rights for all animals
→ equal value of life and suffering for all animals ( incl. humans )
Hence we learn that while there is a deep philosophical gulf between animal welfare and animal rights , psychologically and politically there is a continuum .
That means on the one hand that it is at least possible , if not probable , that a person develops psychologically from animal use via animal welfare to animal rights .
And secondly it proves that it is at least possible – even if we have n’t provided data of its likelihood yet – that a society develops politically from animal usage via animal welfare to animal rights .
The least we can say for sure at this stage is that such a development is not excluded in principle .
The easiest way to live : consumption of factory farmed animal products
Practical experience of decades of vegan outreach shows that it is pretty difficult to reach the average person with the animal rights message .
The easiest way to get someone to start living vegan is to expose them to a vegan social environment .
Animal rights groups often have the experience that new activists are not vegan , when they start to get active .
But generally , even without providing rational arguments , those people being active within a vegan group will soon start to live vegan without outside priming .
For social animals like humans , the social environment has a very strong influence on their behaviour .
That , however , means on the other hand that in strictly speciesist societies like ours , almost everybody growing up and living there will become speciesist in the way they think and act .
And it will be very hard indeed to change that , especially with nothing but rational arguments .
Imagine such speciesist people are suddenly influenced by a media report , or by passing by a vegan summerfest , or by a long chat at a vegan stall etc. , and they become aware of the problem and are willing to turn vegan .
What frequently happens then is that this effect does not last for long and sooner or later they start eating animal products again , never mind how convinced they were of veganism at the start .
Why is that ?
In a society as strictly speciesist as ours , it takes a lot of energy to live vegan .
There is the psychological pressure of not being considered “ normal ” anymore , of sticking out in society .
Suddenly you run into conflict with your peer - group and your family .
On the one hand , they will consider you complicated or even fundamentalist , when you suddenly watch carefully whatever you eat or buy , when you read every detail on the list of contents of a product .
On the other hand they might feel criticized by your mere behaviour : after all , you refuse to eat the same as they do for ethical reasons .
But the problems do not end there .
In your working place , in your leisure activities , during your daily shopping , in restaurants etc. all the time your choice to live vegan demands a lot of energy from you to justify what you do , to ask uncomfortable questions , to go on other people ’s nerves , not to buy something you would have fancied and not to buy the cheapest and the easiest to get .
Permanently you spend more time and energy than you would have to otherwise , and that must erode the original motivation of the most strong - willed person .
And in addition , albeit you invest so much , you do not seem to get anything back !
The amount of animals slaughtered does not decrease and society does not seem to change even a tiny bit .
Slowly , your original motivation dies down until you adjust to the mainstream and go with the flow .
Your veganism has ended and is waiting for better days .
That will happen especially in times of crises , or when you have big changes in your life , e.g. when you change job , or have a new partner , start a family or move house .
The extra stress , or the fact that suddenly some other important issues demand all your attention , might be the trigger away from veganism .
You just do not have the motivation of putting so much time and energy into it anymore .
Those observations can be made clearer with the following picture :
The way society is organized , the system , changes the straight line continuum from unrestricted animal use via animal welfare to animal rights ( above ) to a structured surface ( below ) .
Single human beings can be considered as balls on this surface .
Without any additional energy input , the balls swiftly roll into the trough .
In our society that means consuming factory farmed animal products .
Say , someone wants to enjoy watching illegal animal fights or the torture of animals , then s/he moves up the left branch .
Since those activities are illegal and have a bad reputation , it takes a lot of energy to stay up there , this branch is very steep .
You need to be highly motivated to sustain staying there .
If you lose interest , you will soon roll back into the trough .
On the other hand , if someone develops towards using organic free - range animal products only , or even vegetarianism or veganism , then s/he moves to the right .
It also goes upwards in this direction , and if you want to stay there , or develop even further to the right , then you need an increasing amount of energy input .
Those , who cannot sustain that energy loss , who lose the motivation to invest so much and constantly swim upstream , will simply roll back .
If you go with the flow , you end up square in the trough and consume factory farmed animal products like everybody else .
Its by far the easiest and least time consuming way to live .
Towards a vegan society through system change
If a singular event like one person turning vegan is to have a political effect on society at large , it would have to happen en masse .
In Austria , every year 80.000 people die and equally about 80.000 people are born or migrate into the country .
In order to change society at large this way , there would have to be a rate of people turning vegan well above and beyond this number per year .
In reality , we are very far from that .
The first ethical vegetarian restaurant opened in 1878 in Austria .
Since then , and especially around 1900 , there were many individuals and groups , who tried to turn people towards a plant - based diet .
But , with all their efforts , they failed , up until today .
130 years of campaigning for humans becoming vegetarian or vegan did have no large impact on society .
It seems that the social pressure in our speciesist society prevents enough people to turn vegan and stay vegan long enough to change society at large .
After 130 years of trying it , no vegan revolution is in sight .
And there are no signs that this will change anytime soon .
There is a study commissioned in 2004 with the IFES institute in Austria that supports this observation .
When people were asked whether they agreed with a ban on caging laying hens for egg production , 86 % said that they want a ban on this practice .
But at the same time , 80 % of eggs being bought in Austria were from exactly such battery farms .
Clearly , while most people were already persuaded that caging hens is animal abuse and unethical , they kept buying exactly those products they apparently disapproved of .
And this is not because they were not aware of that .
They were , for example when asked in supermarkets .
After all , eggs from cage systems are nowadays clearly marked as such , on the egg as well as on the packaging .
The explanation simply is that eggs from cage systems were available everywhere , they were the cheapest , they were in all products like noodles and cakes , and they were served in restaurants and hotels .
To avoid eggs from cage systems would have taken a lot of energy , and people were just not prepared to invest that .
Especially since many of those who did , saw absolutely no change in society and soon gave up for that reason alone .
If you choose the easiest way of life and go with the flow , you had to consume battery eggs , never mind your opinion whether it is unethical or should be banned .
But the animal rights movement can also use this attitude of most people , to rather go with the flow and live the way of life of least resistance , to its benefit .
We have already observed that the easiest way to turn people vegan is to expose them to a vegan social environment .
Religious sects use that characteristic of social animals by forming close - nit groups , cut off from the outside world , where the sect can sustain a way of life the rest of society considers utterly weird .
Were the members of the sect still imbedded in “ normal ” society , they would not be able to sustain their way of life .
The animal rights movement , however , is not satisfied with establishing some small vegan communities within larger society .
The movement wants to change society as a whole .
How to achieve that then ?
Let ’s look at the data .
In 1996 , the Austrian animal rights movement decided to start a campaign against wild animal circuses .
At that time , the majority of people probably did n’t care either way , but of the remaining minority , a majority surely supported wild animal circuses and saw no reason why to find this tradition unethical .
Media , similarly , reported favourably on those circuses .
But in 2005 , a ban of wild animal circuses was introduced .
In consequence , there were neither wild animal circuses left in Austria , nor were any coming into Austria to perform .
Since that year , nobody in Austria can visit wild animal circus shows anymore .
But nobody misses them nowadays either !
The campaign had a 100 % success rate changing the behaviour of Austrians .
But during the campaign , nobody tried to change the minds of individual people .
That never was the strategy .
Instead , the campaign just removed such circuses from Austria .
While having not changed the minds of people , this changed their behaviour .
Instead of going to the circus , people started spending their time with their kids in another way .
The system change – no wild animal circuses existing – led to a 100 % change in behaviour .
In the above picture that would mean moving the trough to the right towards more animal welfare .
The easiest way of life becomes living without wild animal circuses .
If you still wanted to go to one , you would have to leave the country for that purpose .
To sustain that way of life , i.e. to keep going to wild animal circuses , would mean a lot of energy investment , which neigh nobody is willing to do .
But the effects of the system change go even further than that .
Already now , media have started to report negatively on foreign wild animal circuses .
The rules of socialisation , as sketched above , imply that after 1 or 2 generations have grown up in a society where wild animal circuses have been banned for ethical reasons , their attitudes change as well .
Wild animal circuses start to be considered as animal abuse of times gone past , when there was much less respect for animals .
Such an opinion we find ever more frequently in Austria today .
Another example supports this view .
Let ’s look at the campaign against battery eggs .
In 2005 , the animal rights movement decided to start a campaign to remove battery eggs from the shelves of all supermarkets in Austria .
Remember that at this time 86 % of the population opposed battery farming as unethical , but only 20 % actually did act correspondingly and did not buy battery eggs .
The campaign , again , did not aim to change people ’s minds .
That would have been useless , since , after all , most people were already opposed to battery farms .
So , the campaign attacked supermarkets and shops selling battery eggs .
And it succeeded .
By 2007 , it was impossible to buy any battery eggs , including from enriched cage systems , in Austria .
What happened with the consumers ?
They quickly adapted .
Nobody was missing battery eggs .
The easiest way to live was now simply not to buy battery eggs .
And exactly that happened .
The campaign , again , did not change anybody ’s minds , but the system change had a 100 % success rate in changing people ’s behaviour : nobody bought battery eggs anymore .
The data provide clear evidence : while trying to change people ’s minds has very limited success and even less influence on their behaviour , system change leads to a 100 % success in behavioural change .
Applying these findings to veganism , we have to conclude that political animal rights activists should primarily try to change the system and not people ’s minds .
The latter is simply hopeless as a strategy to change society .
If it is being pursued exclusively , it will have no effect on society at large .
Let ’s look at an example .
Say , we want to gain some land from the shallow sea to establish new living space .
Trying to change people ’s minds is like trying to remove the water from the sea with a spoon .
You might succeed in removing some drops , but the larger picture will not change .
You could never have enough people removing water with spoons to actually get the land dry .
A system change now would be for example to drive in with a digger and to build a dam .
Now the water in our area is isolated from the water in the sea .
The system is changed .
We do n’t have to remove the water now , we just let nature take its course .
And after so and so long , the water will have dried out and we can use the land .
The system change did not remove single drops , but it led to a lasting change of the whole .
In our picture above of the structured surface , a system change would mean moving the trough to the right .
If we succeed to do that , then people will follow , will roll into the new trough , and live differently , without you having to persuade them one after the other .
That battery eggs are not available anymore is for example a move of the trough to the right towards barn eggs becoming the norm , which are better animal welfare .
Ultimately , we need to aim for moving the trough all the way to the right towards animal rights and veganism .
When there are no non-vegan products available anymore , then people will automatically become vegan and in a few generations it will be the accepted attitude in society as a whole .
System change by weakening animal industries
How can we move the system towards veganism ?
In parliamentarian democracy , in principle the population can decide how the system is run .
In reality , especially since our society is a representative and not a direct democracy , that is not so easy .
People can only vote every 5 years , and only one of a handful or parties , i.e. by voting they must support a whole host of opinions and not just one .
But still , we do elect parties into government .
They will not exactly do what we would most prefer , but if their decisions deviate far enough from our opinion , then we will kick up a fuss in society .
The larger that fuss , the larger the dissatisfaction of people and the more likely the party in government will not be re-elected .
Hence governments are very wary of conflicts in society .
They want to avoid that .
If one arises , they want to resolve it .
On the other hand , if there are no conflicts , if everything is calm , if criticism is brought up in a friendly and tolerant tone , then there cannot be much dissatisfaction , so the government will not risk to change anything to be safely re-elected .
Hence , system changes only come through conflicts in society .
It starts with a segment in society being decidedly unhappy with the status quo in a certain issue and kicking up a fuss .
If the fuss increases to a fully blown conflict , government will have to react .
They need to keep the lid on it so that it does not escalate and eventually remove them from office .
That means , in a conflict between two sides , the government will side with those , who are more capable of deepening the conflict , of kicking up more fuss , of producing more political pressure .
If the public takes the side of one or the other party in the conflict that can obviously also be of vital importance .
A fuss kicked up by one side will create much more political pressure , if in the eyes of the public theirs is a just cause .
In animal issues , the conflict is between the movement and those exploiting animals .
Let ’s call the latter animal industries .
The conflict in society for a system change towards the end of the exploitation of animals , i.e. veganism , hence is a direct conflict between the animal rights movement and animal industries .
The side that is capable of producing more political pressure will win at the end .
The public stands indifferent at the start and is the target of the propaganda war between the two fractions .
Each tries to pull the public on their side .
Since animal industries are very powerful and influential , politically , a system change against their will is very difficult , but possible .
It is very important to distinguish at this point between animal industries , which are the enemies of change , the public as an observer , whose sympathies both sides are wooing for , and the government , the judge so to speak , who both sides try to impress with their political pressure .
In thinking about political theories , it is vital to ground your thinking on data and direct experience to see whether we are still based in reality and not dream and fiction .
Politics is the art of changing society .
Politics are purely consequentialist , i.e. its value must be judged solely by its consequences .
Good politics lead to a better society , bad politics to a worse one .
For political change , there are many unknown parameters influencing the outcome .
Hence strictly theoretical thinking can very easily lead astray .
How should I know , for example , that a certain factor , pointing in one direction , will have more or less effect than another , pointing in the other ?
Only through practical experience .
What kind of experience can we provide in this context ?
What do the data say about the theory presented here ?
The campaign against wild animal circuses in Austria was directed against the circuses themselves , only marginally towards the public .
The tactic was to permanently protest outside each and every show of all wild animal circuses in Austria , in order to spoil the fun of visitors of the circus .
This confrontational approach very soon led to an escalation of the conflict .
The circuses resorted to violence and physically assaulted many activists on a number of occasions , sometimes very seriously and premeditatedly .
The movement retaliated with 3 arson attacks .
In addition , the circuses started a number of law suits against the campaign , while the activists reported breaches of any regulations to the authorities .
After 6 years , every single wild animal circus had gone bankrupt .
The government had not reacted so far , since the conflict never reached societal proportions , neither the public nor the media did take much notice .
At the end there were no wild animal circuses left .
And without any opposition , it was easy to introduce a ban .
By weakening and eventually completely destroying animal industries in this conflict , a ban and a lasting system change was achieved .
Another example to study is the campaign against battery farms .
In this sector , animal industries were very powerful and could not be challenged directly .
By threatening with economic disaster , unemployment , removal of locally important industries and a massive reduction in tax payment , their influence on local , regional and hence federal governments was enormous .
The animal rights movement was no match for them .
But regarding battery farming , the movement did not have to start from scratch with regards to the public .
Over decades , the public had been fed the view that battery farms are the epitome of animal abuse .
Even children ’s books covered that issue and in all schools battery farming was a topic .
That was why , in 2004 , there were already 86 % of the public in favour of a battery farm ban .
But that alone would have changed nothing .
As stated before , 80 % of the people still bought cage eggs and the government had no reason whatsoever to act , since there was no conflict apparent .
In this situation , the animal rights movement decided to start a campaign for a ban on battery cages , i.e. a ban on all cages , including the so - called enriched ones .
In parliament , the situation was advantageous , since with the socialists and the greens in opposition , almost 50 % of MPs could be won as allies .
Against this coalition , only the conservatives in government stood firm , pushed by the political pressure of the mighty battery farm industry .
This is why the movement started to focus on the conservatives and attacked them at each of the following 3 elections ( 2 provincial elections and one presidential election ) .
Conservative election placards were removed in large numbers , or defaced , and many anti-conservative placards appeared everywhere .
It went so far that the conservatives paid security to guard their placards in the night , and indeed a number of conflicts with animal rights activists were had .
In addition , activists started to disrupt all conservative election rallies and organized an anti-conservative campaign with the clear message : those voting conservative vote for battery farms .
At the height of this conflict , on the day before the election in one province , the head of the conservative party jumped from the stage where he was holding his last election speech and attacked a nearby animal rights activist , punched him in the face and ripped his banner .
On the next day , it was headline news in all newspapers : conservative party leader punched animal activist !
And the conservative party did lose 50 % of the votes in this election !
In the other province , where the conservatives had been in government , they lost the majority to the socialists .
And in the presidential elections , the mounting pressure became so large that their presidential candidate felt obliged to say in her last press conference that she , personally , does favour a ban of battery farms .
When the conservatives lost this election as well , they gave in .
The political pressure from the animal rights movement had exceeded the political influence of animal industries .
In 2005 , a complete ban on all cages for laying hens , including enriched cages , was decided on in parliament and took effect 2009 .
Those , who have experienced this campaign first hand , all agree that it was the amount of political pressure that led to this decision .
In an open conflict , with the help of broad sympathies within the public , the movement beat animal industries and forced the influential egg industry into submission .
That opened the way for a system change .
Today , as said before , no - one is buying eggs from cage systems anymore .
A number of other examples could be provided here , like the campaign against the caging of rabbits , where the government was forced to recall their „ compromise “ of enriched cages and agree to a complete ban by 2012 eventually .
But one other example is worth looking at in more detail .
In a region in the province Upper Austria , the trapping of songbirds is a deep rooted tradition .
Hence this province exempted bird trapping from the general ban of trapping animals .
When animal law became a federal matter in Austria , the provincial bans on trapping animals were extended to Upper Austria too .
The government overlooked that this would ban the practice also in this region , were it was such a strong tradition .
The trappers are very powerful and influential in their region .
All political parties are really scared of them there .
That influence extends to the provincial but not to the federal government .
On the other hand , the animal rights movement is much more capable of producing political pressure on the federal level than on the provincial level in rural Upper Austria .
Now , when the provincial governor of Upper Austria realized that the new law would ban bird trapping in his province too , he intervened and tried to get the animal minister to put an exception for songbird trapping in Upper Austria into the law .
Without any other influence , the minister was willing to do that and proposed it .
But then the animal rights movement stood up and started a very confrontational campaign against the minister , with daily demos in front of her office for months and disruptions of all her public appearances .
She succumbed to this pressure and did not put this exception into the law .
But the provincial government is responsible for enforcing the law in the province , and they , being under such influence of the bird trappers , decided simply not to execute it .
We see : solely the political conflict in society between the animal rights movement and animal industries determines the laws and their execution .
The side , which can muster more support and political pressure on an issue , wins .
The corresponding law determines the system in society , which eventually defines how people behave and how animals are being treated .
The opinion of the majority or of single people in society is of secondary importance .
Even a large majority against battery eggs did not ban battery farming or stop them from being sold .
It was only political pressure and the system change that followed , which changed society and how animals are treated .
Do incremental system changes lead to animal rights ?
The data presented so far prove that a system change can be achieved through a political conflict against animal industries .
If a system change , however , was to bring global veganism , it would have to mean the end of the whole of animal industries .
Can animal industries be made to completely disappear by step for step victories , which bring incremental reforms ?
From a purely theoretical point of view , the psychological - political continuity from animal use via animal welfare to animal rights suggests that indeed it is possible .
A society without any restrictions on animal use sees non-human animals as commodities for the benefit of humankind without any ethical value .
Such a society will not have any empathy and compassion for animals .
The historic example of Austria before the first animal laws serves as a good example of such a society .
Historically , from that starting point , slowly compassion , animal welfare and animal laws developed .
At this stage , ethical vegetarianism could get a foothold at the end of the 19th century .
Slowly , the first ideas of animal rights developed and from the 1980s onwards , there is a lively and thriving animal rights movement .
The ideology of animal rights and the animal rights movement have their psychological and political roots in animal welfare .
Similarly , the development of single people generally advances from compassion and animal welfare feelings , which might have led to less consumption of animal products ( probably rather of the free range variety ) , to vegetarianism and eventually to the full animal rights vision and veganism .
Psychologically , compassion and animal welfare form the basis for animal rights too .
We can provide further data for this observation .
In 1998 , after a long and hard fought for campaign , Austria introduced a ban on fur farms in 6 provinces .
In the remaining 3 provinces , a new animal law restricted the use of “ fur animals ” .
It became only legal to keep foxes on a natural floor and mink with swimming water , i.e. bare cages were banned .
However , this classic animal welfare law based on the idea of “ humane ” exploitation gave way 7 years later to a complete ban on all fur farming , i.e. on keeping animals for their fur in whatever way .
This law obviously goes beyond animal welfare and towards animal rights .
It does say that non -human animals are not there for human benefit only , since the benefit of getting fur does not justify to keep and to kill animals even if in the most humane way .
This complete ban on fur farming is therefore a good bit further towards animal rights on the continuum from welfare to rights , than the ban on bare cages only .
And it came on the basis of an older welfare law .
The ban on fur farming means that the fur industry is weakened , since at least in Austria their production sector has been completely wiped out .
On the other hand , the ban on fur farming did not reduce the amount of fur being sold in Austria , since the furriers just switched to imports .
Does that mean , a fur farm ban cannot be considered progress towards animal rights ?
The Austrian animal rights movement can only directly change things in Austria .
But the Austrian fur farm ban indeed was an example to follow for a number of other countries , and now we have some form of bans at least in England , Scotland , Wales , Italy , Croatia , Holland and Sweden .
If the fur farm bans are being picked up in ever more countries and one day in the whole of the EU , then an import ban could be introduced , like today ’s import ban on cat and dog products , or possibly seal products in the near future .
That would be a system change so that all EU citizens would stop using fur at all .
There is no reason why other continents could not follow suit , so that their animal rights movements master enough political pressure to get fur farm bans there too .
Eventually , fur production could end in the whole world .
In that sense , a ban on fur farming in Austria is no doubt a first step towards the end of fur as a consumer product altogether , i.e. the end of the exploitation of any animal for their fur .
Let ’s look at the ban of battery farms .
In contrast to the fur farm ban , the ban on battery farms did not mean the end of egg production in Austria .
But , nevertheless , this ban directly led to a reduction in the number of eggs produced ( and the number of hens exploited ) by 35 % !
Since the ban was introduced , the number of laying hens being used in Austria has gone down by 35 % .
The reason for that is twofold .
Firstly , a barn egg production unit of the same size fits only about half as many hens as a battery unit .
That is because barn hens have much more space and the number of floors stacked above each other is limited .
In addition , since barn hens can move freely inside the shed , they use much more of the energy they take in through their food in movement and heat production .
So , a barn hen needs twice as much food than a battery hen , who cannot move at all , for producing the same amount of eggs !
That means that egg production with the new system has become more than twice as expensive .
The ban on battery farming brought with it a drastic reduction in the amount of hens used and a dramatic increase in production costs per egg .
So far , the egg industry did not dare to put that cost increase directly onto the price of the egg .
They know that the single most important factor determining which products consumers buy is the price .
If products get more expensive , fewer of them will be bought .
But it is exactly this effect , which the animal rights movement can use to for its purposes .
If the movement succeeds against the resistance of animal industries to introduce strict new animal laws , which reduce production capacity and increase production costs , then that will dramatically weaken animal industries .
Consumers will buy less of the more expensive products , even if they did not change their opinion on its ethical justification .
Very expensive meat and very expensive eggs will become luxury items , which can be consumed even less frequently .
The surviving animal industry will have shrunk immensely .
That means , in a next conflict with the animal rights movement , the reduced animal industries will have even less influence and power to resist further reforms and further tightening of animal production restrictions , so that the vegan alternatives will have much better chances to win out on the free market and remove animal products further still .
Regarding meat , the biggest hope for vegan alternatives lies in plant based meat substitutes and tissue engineered meat , i.e. in - vitro produced muscle cell cultures .
Details to such products can be found here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_vitro_meat or http://futurefood.org.
If this kind of future food can establish itself on the market , it will be in direct competition with animal meat .
When strict animal laws make the production of animal meat much more costly , then the ground is set for tissue engineered meat to win out .
That would further accelerate the abolition process of animal production , since weakened animal industries mean harsher animal laws .
If tissue engineered meat manages to completely eradicate animal meat , then a ban on animal farming of any kind will be coming by itself .
And that we managed to achieve without having changed people to vegans first .
In fact , most people could still eat the same sort of meat , consisting of the same cells .
But because of the psychological continuum from animal welfare to animal rights , a shift in public attitudes towards animal rights and veganism will be expected in practice .
When all animal usage is banned , then animal rights will be established in no time .
Do animal welfare reforms serve to establish the attitude that animals are only there for humans to use ?
Through the work of the animal movement , animal welfare has received a positive image , which is being used for advertisement purposes .
Animal industries have started to use this fact to market their products , often without their way of dealing with animals having anything to do with animal welfare at all .
Consequently , weak animal laws , like a little more space in the battery cage for the hens , could provide a basis for such advertising without costing animal industries much , since such changes do not increase production costs significantly .
However , that effect should not be overestimated , since animal industries will advertise regardless , and such advertising effects usually do not last .
But another aspect of this is often recited as an argument against animal welfare reforms .
If certain products are sold as “ animal friendly ” , especially when animal welfare and animal rights organisations promote those products in some way , consumers , who are concerned about animal issues and could have been reached by animal rights arguments , might calm their consciences and consume more of those products without a second thought .
In this way , such reforms might stand in the way of spreading the animal rights message that the exploitation of non-human animals must be questioned at a fundamental level .
Whether this effect exists , though , and how important it is , is purely a question of psychology and must be answered by studies on the effect of messages in advertising .
As a matter of fact , at the moment there are no data , which are supporting this idea .
There is no empirical indication that this effect actually has a significant impact on society .
Indeed , there is an opposite effect , which might as well have a more profound consequence .
A positive image for animal welfare , after all , means that compassion and empathy for animals get a higher value , and that means there is more support for further animal welfare reforms .
And if people do open up to the idea of animal welfare and its underlying motives , then the experience shows that they are more likely to be prepared to think about animal rights .
Animal welfare and empathy form the psychological basis for animal rights .
But let ’s look at the data .
In Austria , every year the animal laws are being tightened .
The speed of these reforms , and the degree to which they increase the restriction on animal use , had a tendency to increase in the last years .
Certainly in the last 10 years , new animal laws have been introduced , which restrict animal use to an , until now , unknown degree .
Remember the restriction of fur farms in 1998 , which was then followed by an outright ban in 2005 .
A rather weak regulation on how wild animals can be kept and used in circuses was followed by a complete ban 15 years later .
The law governing animal experiments from 1988 was updated in 2006 to include a complete ban on all experiments on apes .
Regulations on how to keep rabbits for meat production were introduced in 2005 and tightened to a ban on all cages by 2008 , to come into effect by 2012 .
The regulations on keeping laying hens were tightened in 1999 , again in 2003 and then came a ban on all cages in 2005 to take effect by 2009 .
Clearly , the development of animal laws shows in practice , that they are being tightened regularly and ever more severely .
That supports the above suggestion that there is a political continuum from animal use via animal welfare to animal rights , and that banning certain particularly revolting aspects of animal use leads to more bans and more animal welfare and even towards animal rights , when a certain use is banned completely ( like fur farming ) or when even the most “ humane ” kind of killing is banned .
A more restrictive animal law in one sector can also trigger more restrictions in other sectors , when for example the ban on cages for laying hens in 2005 was used to justify the introduction of a ban on cages for rabbits in 2008 .
Is it possible that when a certain standard of animal welfare has been reached , suddenly this process stops and no further tightening of animal laws can ever be achieved so that the ultimate aim of animal rights cannot be achieved this way ?
There is no indication for that .
After the ban on cages for laying hens in Austria , half of the larger farms just closed down and the other half changed to barn egg production .
The latter , still , is a classic factory farm with 9 hens per m² ( even if it was 16 hens per m² in the battery cage ) .
But since all battery farms have closed down now , immediately the criticism of the new and more expensive barn system has already started .
Newly formed animal rights groups , who have never seen battery cages , have already broken into barn egg farms and released the shocking film material to the media , who have broadcast it .
The animal rights group most instrumental in achieving the ban on battery cages has published a new 40 page booklet on animal agriculture in 2008 , which explicitly , and with graphic footage , criticises the barn egg system among all the other forms of production and demands law changes as well as suggesting veganism .
Even the manager of a large supermarket chain , which has removed all cage eggs from their shelves 14 years ago , has already approached animal groups and told them that he wants to remove barn eggs in the future as well .
The experience hence is that the move to attacking the newly established barn system has started much earlier than expected .
Even though there is not much scope , politically , to introduce a new ban very soon , that topic might become a matter of serious debate within 10 years .
If the whole process is being repeated then , i.e. instead of a cage ban , a barn egg production ban , and barn eggs are being removed from the shelves in supermarkets , what should stop the movement to continue this process until all laying hen farming is banned ?
Like it happened with fur farming ?
If becoming critically aware of the aspects of particular animal abuse in animal agriculture , and supporting animal welfare per se , are psychological preconditions for individuals to move on to animal rights , it is to be expected that societies with higher animal welfare standards will have larger animal rights movements , more animal rights thinking will prevail and more vegan options will be available .
And societies with much less animal welfare standards should show the opposite tendency .
And indeed , that is the case .
European countries like England , Sweden or Austria have high animal welfare standards and a thriving animal rights movement .
On the other hand , countries with very little animal welfare like China seem quite disinterested in all animal issues and veganism as an ethical choice is unknown .
If we include all aspects , the data suggest that very restrictive animal law reforms are not just no obstacle for animal rights , but they actually promote the development of society in this direction .
Additional aspects of the incremental reform process
Which reforms are being called abolitionist and which reformist , seems to be rather arbitrary and dependent on a particular ideology .
Gary Francione defines 5 criteria in his book Rain without Thunder ( Temple University Press , Philadelphia 1996 ) , which determine when a law is to be called abolitionist .
A full cage ban is being cited by him as an example of an abolitionist law in contrast to a law merely enlarging the space per hen in the cage .
A cage ban means the interest of the hens in free movement is being respected , he observes , albeit respecting this interest brings no advantage for the industry exploiting the hens .
Francione , though , argues purely theoretically .
He does not provide any data to support his suggestions , and his definition of abolitionism seems to be deontological and not consequentialist , although it is hard to see how a theory on how to act politically should not be solely concerned about whether the action actually does promote the political aim in its consequences or not .
Even more radical is Lee Hall ’s opinion , published in the book Capers in the Churchyard ( Nectra Bat Press 2006 ) .
For her , every law , regardless what it says , as long as it does not guarantee fully equal rights to all animals at once , is a reformist law and must be rejected .
Her reason for that position is that any such law would in some way implicitly condone some form of animal use .
A ban on fur farming , for example , condones leather production , rights for all apes condone the view that all non-apes should have no rights and so forth .
Hall even says that any campaign that has a goal that falls short of complete animal rights and veganism for all , is reformist , because it suggests that all forms of animal use outside this goal are legitimate .
She subsumes even ALF activity under reformist campaigning .
For her , friendly vegan outreach is the only path towards animal rights , the only truly abolitionist activity .
But Hall does not supply any data that support her ideas , neither in the book nor on enquiry .
But without data her theory seems highly dubious .
Animal law reforms generally improve the quality of life for the individual animals , who are protected by the law .
A laying hen in a cage surely has a much worse life than a hen in a barn or free range system .
This aspect , however , as much as it might be of central interest to the animals themselves , plays no role in politically evaluating whether a campaign goal will lead towards animal rights or not .
Worldwide , more than 2000 activists have been locked up in prison cells for their animal rights actions so far , because they have broken speciesist laws .
From the ethical point of view , their incarceration is unjust and a breach of their right to freedom .
A number of groups therefore support those prisoners , but not just individually , also with political campaigns .
People are asked to sign petitions to improve the prison system , like ban isolation cells and allow for vegan food provisions .
Those groups , albeit they disapprove of locking up animal activists altogether , have decided that they would rather campaign for a realistic goal that might be achieved and that will improve the lot for the prisoners .
Such campaigning must be called reformist and not abolitionist by any standards , but nevertheless , radical abolitionists will not disapprove .
Nobody asks , surprisingly , whether such campaigns do not legitimize incarceration of animal activists in the minds of the public , and whether their success in achieving better prison conditions will not serve to strengthen the habit in society to lock up activists , who have liberated animals .
Running campaigns to achieve realistic animal laws has produced a number of very large animal welfare and animal rights societies , which became powerful and politically influential .
The larger such a society , the more mainstream and tame it will be .
In Austria , though , there is a clear move of large societies to become more radical and pro vegetarian .
All those groups together earn 30 million euro per year in Austria in donations alone , and even if only a small part of that money is spent on spreading compassion and empathy for animals amongst the public , it will serve to build fertile grounds for animal rights .
Some of those societies actually explicitly promote veganism in their literature .
If all animal groups would have to change to purely abolitionist campaigning , they would drastically shrink to the size of vegan societies and would lose all their influence and ability to promote veganism too .
In principle , using film material that shows particularly shocking animal abuse , must be called reformist propaganda .
After all , those pictures suggest that keeping these animals without the cruelty is alright .
That means , those pictures do not question animal use , but animal abuse .
By rejecting such films , though , the movement would be stripped off the most powerful weapon in the propaganda wars .
In reality , since there is a psychological continuum from animal welfare to animal rights , those films actually do produce vegans and animal rights activists , which once again shows that the abolitionist argument is false .
Reformist campaigns bring successes .
The last 10 years of reform campaigning in Austria produced a formidable list of such successes , which clearly make the Austrian animal law the best in the world .
But successes are the lifeblood of activism , because activism costs energy and to sustain activism for long , you must be highly motivated .
If you can see that your activism actually changes society that boosts morale and your motivation to stay active rises .
But for vegan outreach , there is no similar feeling of success .
Many people , who did turn vegan , fall back to consuming animal products .
And society at large does not seem to change at all – after 130 years of such campaigns .
It is extremely unlikely that a significant amount of activists can sustain friendly vegan outreach without recognizable successes for a very long time .
Summary
The analysis of political activism for animals together with data on experiences so far , suggests the following approach for achieving animal rights in the long run :
The primary aim of the animal rights movement must be to produce political pressure to achieve incremental reforms towards animal rights .
A reform is a step towards animal rights if it significantly damages animal industries , i.e. if it weakens them and / or forces them to use more expensive production systems .
That is so , because the only enemy in the political conflict to achieve animal rights is the animal industries .
Without them , animal rights would be reality .
Weakening animal industries through tough animal laws serves a purpose in two ways .
Firstly , it weakens the opponent for future animal laws , and secondly it makes animal products more expensive so that fewer people will buy them and the vegan alternatives will have a better chance when competing on the free market .
Stricter animal laws do not hinder people becoming aware of animal rights issues , but they actually promote that , because animal welfare is the psychological basis for animal rights .
To produce enough political pressure , a large number of activists and the sympathy of the public are advantageous .
But both of those aims are secondary aims , because they only serve to help achieving the primary aim , to weaken animal industries .
To try and convince individual people , person for person , is a tactic which cannot but fail , as long as the system is not changed .
That is so , because the system in society determines the behaviour of people in it .
In an extremely speciesist society , to live vegan costs an enormous amount of energy , so that only a tiny minority will ever have enough motivation and resolve to be able to sustain it for longer .
On the other hand , a system in society that does not provide animal products , will automatically make people lead a vegan life , and latest in one or two generations of young people growing up in a vegan society , the awareness of animal rights will follow .
Using purely rational arguments , we can argue convincingly that animal rights is the ethical ideal .
We do not need to use empirical data of human psychology or concern ourselves with the political situation at a particular time in society for that .
The ethical ideal is founded on deontological and not consequentialistic justifications .
But if we want to put that ethical ideal into practice and change society , we do depend entirely on psychological input .
Politics are good , if they change society successfully towards the ethical ideal .
That means , in contrast to the situation before , the value of politics is solely measured consequentialistically , i.e. only by its consequences .
There are no politics , which are right or wrong by themselves , like Immanuel Kant claimed for example for lying , which supposedly was unethical by itself , even if lying in certain circumstances could save lives or move society towards the ethical ideal .
It is basic knowledge on human psychology that humans are much more social than rational animals .
If humans were purely rational animals , we could ignore psychology in politics and solely argue rationally , without the use of empirical data .
Theory and practice would be the same .
But humans are indeed much more social than rational animals .
And that means for the animal rights movement :
Social entities like compassion , empathy and suffering are very important factors to motivate humans to change their behaviour .
In contrast , abstract - rational entities , like personhood or rights , do not .
One of the most important aspects determining human behaviour is their social environment .
Humans want to be well integrated into their society and live in harmony with it .
Humans have a strong need for social security , i.e. they generally want that things stay as they are and that change happens slowly and in a controlled way .
The animal rights movement must adapt their political campaigning strategies to these psychological facts .
That means , political campaigns must incorporate the following aspects :
Centre your campaign material on presenting suffering and stimulate compassion and empathy in people .
Abstract - rational phrases using terms like rights or personhood should play no significant role .
The goal of the campaign should be presented to the public in a way that it seems to them that if it was achieved , a certain clearly distinguishable aspect of suffering of animals will be totally alleviated .
The aim of the campaign must be to change society , the social system in which people live , and not individual people ’s minds .
The campaign should not demand huge changes in society .
The goal must be realistic and should not lead into the unknown .
The whole development of society must be slow and continuous .
Hence , it is of vital importance to distinguish between the abstract - rational philosophy on a deontological basis in theory to justify the ethical ideal , and applied - social psychology on a consequentialistic basis in practice to justify campaign politics .
WanderingJustin.com thanks the Maricopa County Park staff for providing this great information on how to handle a rattlesnakeÂ bite … or even just a regular encounter with a rattlesnake .
Over the weekend , I was out for a nice hike with my wifeÂ at Spur Cross Ranch , a conservation are aÂ that ’s part of Maricopa County ’s excellent system of parks .
We wound up on a trail that took us outside the boundary and into some forest land .
There were signs posted at the Spur Cross trailheadÂ reminding hikersÂ to watch for rattlesnakes .
It is that time of year to be on the lookout – the snakes are quite active throughout the middle of the day .
We finally had our rattlesnake encounter in a gully with a flowing stream on one side of the trail , and a sheer rock wall on the other .
I ’d actually been distracted by some bright yellow algae in the stream , and failed to notice the dusty brown snake ( possibly a sidewinder ) lounging at the water ’s edge .
I was about five feet awayÂ when I first spotted it .
I told my wife to hang back , and I retreated so we couldÂ figure out how toÂ avoid a rattlesnake bite .
I tried tossing a few pebblesÂ its way . Â
It did n’t care .
Ditto for a gentle poke from a stick branch .
I even banged a large river rock on the ground , hoping the vibrations would urgeÂ it to move .
Nada .
Zip .
This was one stubborn snake .
We eventually decided to skirt around it close to the rock wall .
The snake was long enough to reach us , but he was n’t cornered .
We slipped past without incident .
This got me to thinking – what would an expert do ?
That led me to contact the Maricopa County Parks staff , who hooked me up with John Gunn , supervisor of Spur Cross .
Here ’s what he had to say .
Tips for Avoiding a Rattlesnake Bite
1. Realize that every rattlesnake encounter is different .
2. Consider going back the way you came .
That ’s not always possible with certain loop hikes or point - to - point hikes .
3 . Try throwing a handful of pebbles or some sand near the snake .
Consider a gentle poke with a ( long ! ) hiking stick .
That ’s often enough to encourage a rattler to move .
“ They have nothing to gain , but everything to lose in an encounter with a human , ” Gunn said .
4 . Stick to the center of the trail .
Stay out of tall grass lining the trail , where rattlers wait for a tasty rodent meal .
Bear in mind : Snakes realize “ a human leg is not a suitable meal . ”
Often , you ’ll pass them without realizing it – no rattle , no striking .
The trouble comes if you do n’t see a snake and you step on it .
“ Then , you get bit like a mouse trap , ” Gunn said .
5 . Carry a walking stick or trekking pole .
Use it to gently fluff any weeds or tall growth alongside the trail .
This can also help move a snake and provoke a warning rattle .
6 . As the weather gets hotter , snakes will be more nocturnal .
So they ’ll be less active during daylight , and more active at dusk , night and dawn .
Act accordingly .
7 . Try not to killÂ the snakeÂ unless there ’s no other choice .
8 . Keep your brain engaged and realize that not every stick lying in the trail is a stick .
Look for the eyes , diamond patterns and , of course , a rattle .
Making Noise and Vibration : Not Much Help
Stomping along the trail does n’t do much , Gunn said .
He ’s tried it , and it does n’t seem to help .
He believes humans might not have enough force , where a horse clomping along can generate vibrations that encourage a snake to move on .
If you do get bitten , though , a cell phone is your best friend .
Here ’s what to do .
1. Determine if it ’s actually a rattlesnake bite .
If you ca n’t immediately see a rattle , a “ liquid fire sensation ” near the wound will tell you that it was a rattler .
2. Dial 9 - 1 - 1 and ask for a helicopter to evacuate you by air .
3 . Let the responders know that you want a “ full - bore ” saline solution to be delivered intravenously .
This combats a potential shut - down of your kidney functions .
I ’d never heard about this before , but I found an interesting newspaper story mentioning it .
This is a piece of information any desert dweller or visitor should know .
Rattlesnake Bite : A Grievous Wound
Even with proper , prompt treatment , a rattlesnake strike involving a discharge of venom is what Gunn describes as “ a grievous wound . ”
Bite victims can be out of commission for up to two weeks .
The first few days are painful , and might include some serious swelling , edema and skin blisters .
You may have noticed that I qualified this by saying “… strike involving a full discharge of venom . ”
That ’s because some strikes might be “ dry ” or less than full - strength .
My mother was once bitten by a rattler that had just eaten .
It discharged its venom on the prey that was in its belly .
She never swelled up to the point that she required antivenin , and she was discharged from the hospital the same day .
And you should stay calm in the event of a rattlesnake bite , hike with a GPS and preferably hike in a group .
And you should NOT try sucking venom from the wounds .
It might seem obvious to all but those who have watched too many spaghetti westerns .
Just do n’t do it .
And do n’t apply anything cold or icy to the wound .
Dogs in Danger
Something else you should consider :
If you hike with a dog , keep it leashed .
Not only is it the rule in Maricopa County parks , it ’s common courtesy – and not just for other trail users :
It ’s the good thing to do for your furry friend , too .
Do n’t be responsible for your dog getting a rattlesnake bite .
As their human , it ’s up to you to protect them .
They ’re part of your family , so be good to them and keep ’em leashed .
Before I sign off , here are a few more tips .
Be careful out there – keep this all in mind during any rattlesnake encounter .
A little foresight and care can turn this into a memorable and positive encounter with a really amazing creature rather than a painful emergency .
Related articles
This post just might contain affiliate links .
Fear not , they ’re non-spammy and benign .
Hey , I have to keep this thing running somehow !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Pope Benedict XVI kept silent on the pedophilia scandal rocking the Roman Catholic Church during Easter Sunday addresses as Christians across the world marked the resurrection of Christ .
The leader of the world ’s one billion Catholics condemned the persecution of Christian minorities in Iraq and Pakistan , but failed to mention escalating allegations of decades of child abuse by the Church ’s priests .
ADVERTISEMENT
The dean of the College of Cardinals however rallied around the embattled head of the Roman Catholic Church , telling him in a rain - drenched St Peter ’s Square : “ The people of God are with you and do not allow themselves to be impressed by the idle chatter of the moment . ”
Cardinal Angelo Sodano was echoing the pope ’s words a week ago when he urged Christians “ not be intimidated by the idle chatter of prevailing opinions ” .
In Paris , the head of the Catholic Church in France , Cardinal Andre Vingt - Trois , denounced a “ smear campaign aimed at the pope ” , who has come under personal scrutiny for failing to act against abusers in the past .
The French archbishop said it was Benedict , then Cardinal Ratzinger , who “ as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , encouraged bishops to take action against pedophilia by systematically informing Rome of such cases . ”
But the top bishops in both Belgium and Germany issued forthright condemnations of the Church ’s role in covering up for predator priests .
ADVERTISEMENT
Belgium ’s Andre Joseph Leonard said in his Easter homily the Church had mismanaged the crisis “ with a guilty silence ” .
Germany ’s top archbishop , Robert Zollitsch , said separately : “ Today particularly we must set out together and examine inconceivable events , awful crimes , the Church ’s dark aspects as well as our shadowy sides . ”
In Ireland — where the first cases of mass abuse were revealed — demonstrators tried to interrupt the Easter service at Dublin ’s Pro Cathedral by placing shoes in honour of child abuse victims , state broadcaster RTE said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Archbishop Diarmuid Martin was heckled by abuse survivors holding placards that read : “ Hypocrites for Jesus .
Catholic church rapes , abuses , destroys children and covers it up , covers it up , covers it up . ”
British and Irish religious leaders meanwhile tried to heal wounds after the leader of the world ’s Anglicans , Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , said the Catholic Church was “ losing all credibility ” in Ireland over charges it covered up clerical abuse .
ADVERTISEMENT
The international scandal cast a shadow over what is meant to be the most joyous day in the Christian calendar , commemorating when Jesus Christ is believed to have been resurrected , but many continued their worship as usual .
In Jerusalem thousands of Christian pilgrims streamed into the cavernous Church of the Holy Sepulchre , a candle - lit maze of chapels and crypts which is held to be the site of Jesus ’s crucifixion and burial .
Incense filled the air as Western and Orthodox pilgrims packed into the centuries - old church shared uneasily by six denominations — Greek Orthodox , Roman Catholic , Armenian Orthodox , Egyptian Copts , Syrian Orthodox and Ethiopian Orthodox .
ADVERTISEMENT
Easter pilgrims defiant over abuse scandal
In St Peter ’s Square the pope appealed in his traditional “ Urbi et Orbi ” ( to the city and the world ) message for “ a spiritual and moral conversion ” of humankind to wrest it from “ deep crisis ” .
Benedict called for an end to African conflicts — in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Guinea and Nigeria — and condemned “ a dangerous resurgence ” of drug trafficking crimes in Latin America and the Caribbean .
He also offered solace to the people of Haiti and Chile as they recover from massive earthquakes .
ADVERTISEMENT
As tradition dictates , Benedict ended with greetings in 65 languages including Mongolian , Icelandic and Aramaic , the language of Jesus still spoken in parts of the Middle East and Turkey .
In the US capital , President Barack Obama attended an Easter service in one of Washington ’s poorest communities , making an appearance with his wife and daughters at a historic black church founded during the American Civil War .
“ God has His hand all over you , ” Pastor Michael Bell said , referring to the US president .
“ Anyone would be foolish to come up against him . ”
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes GP has adopted an aggressive engine cover design as part of the upgrade that it hopes will help lift it closer to the front from this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix .
As well as increasing the wheelbase of the W01 to try and improve the weight distribution on the car , the Brackley - based team has introduced a host of aerodynamic improvements to its car .
One of those updates includes a dramatic relocation of the engine airbox inlets - moving them away from right behind the drivers ' head and situating them further back down the engine cover .
This design means the top of the roll hoop is now very thin - which should bring an aerodynamic advantage in terms of reducing drag .
The W01 is also expected to feature the latest version of the F - Duct that the team tried out for the first time in the Chinese Grand Prix , with the lengthened wheelbase having been achieved through a re-angling of the front wishbones .
AUTOSPORT understands that Michael Schumacher shook down the updated car during a filming day at Rockingham last week , with the German hoping to get more comfortable with the characteristics of the W01 after a difficult start to the season .
Sydney is one of the developed world 's most hostile cities for cycling , according to a US academic who spent a sabbatical year researching ways to boost bike - riding levels in the city .
' ' I did not cycle that often because I almost got killed several times - people cutting me off , squeezing me off the road and not stopping , '' John Pucher said of his efforts to ride to Sydney University from his Stanmore home .
Born to ride ... traffic in King Street , Newtown .
Credit : Kate Geraghty
'' Whether I was a pedestrian or cyclist I found the level of the hostility of enough Sydney motorists worse than I had seen anywhere in the world . ''
For decades Dr Pucher , from Rutgers University in New Jersey , has been riding bikes - from the cycling wonderlands of Amsterdam and Copenhagen to the car - choked streets of many US cities .
But he was still stunned by his experience here .
From HaskellWiki
The Haskell Platform is a single , standard Haskell development environment for everyone .
It offers a set of blessed libraries and tools , to save you the task of picking and choosing which core Haskell libraries to use .
Learn more about the Haskell Platform ⇒
What 's in the platform
See the Haskell Platform documentation on haskell.org .
Trouble shooting
Report bugs on GitHub : Haskell Platform Issues .
Developers
Buttons
We have some buttons to let your friends know about the Haskell Platform .
Use this html in your site :
< a href = " http://haskell.org/platform " > < img src= "
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/haskell/haskell-platform/master/website/icons/button-100.png
" ></a>
Use this html in your site :
< a href = " http://hackage.haskell.org/platform " > < img src= "
http://raw.githubusercontent.com/haskell/haskell-platform/master/website/icons/button-64.png
" ></a>
SVG source for the button : http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Image:Button.svg
Icons
Icons for the platform installer and desktop .
Legal
Andrea Mitchell had BP spokesperson Bob Dudley on to give their side of how things were going with the oil gusher spill in the Gulf .
As expected , Dudley disputed current estimates of how much oil is actually entering the ocean .
Her patience seemed to have worn thin by this point in the interview so Mitchell challenged Dudley , with reports of a much larger spill indicated by video analysis of the oil spewing into the bottom of the ocean , and also satellite imagery of the Gulf .
As expected Dudley would n't budge an inch .
The issue has been downplayed by both BP and the government agency NOAA , but many experts have called into question the official estimates from the very beginning .
NY Times :
The issue of how fast the well is leaking has been murky from the beginning .
For several days after the April 20 explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig , the government and BP claimed that the well on the ocean floor was leaking about 1,000 barrels a day .
A small organization called SkyTruth , which uses satellite images to monitor environmental problems , published an estimate on April 27 suggesting that the flow rate had to be at least 5,000 barrels a day , and probably several times that .
The following day , the government — over public objections from BP — raised its estimate to 5,000 barrels a day .
A barrel is 42 gallons , so the estimate works out to 210,000 gallons per day .
BP later acknowledged to Congress that the worst case , if the leak accelerated , would be 60,000 barrels a day , a flow rate that would dump a plume the size of the Exxon Valdez spill into the gulf every four days .
BP ’s chief executive , Tony Hayward , has estimated that the reservoir tapped by the out - of - control well holds at least 50 million barrels of oil .
John Amos gives a warning for what may lay ahead .
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
8 comments on Apr 22nd , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
I always considered the iPad as the best thing to come along for senior people who are n’t tech - savvy .
It just had never occured to me how senior those seniors could really be and still make good use of the iPad .
An incredible video has been posted on YouTube showing a 99 year old lady who is using her first computer : an iPad .
The video tells that she has read two books and written 12 limericks with the iPad .
I ’ve embedded the video below so that you can see for yourselves .
I have to say that seeing this woman being able to enrich her life and engage in creative endeavors left me with my eyes moist .
Regardless of what anyone may wish to complain about the iPad : USB ports , camera , it does n’t have flash …
This is what it is all about …
Simplicity !
UPDATE : This story has been picked up by Fox12 Oregon and they have their own video with an interview with our 99 year old lady , Virginia .
The interview is really interesting to watch as well .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
Facelift
Unbenanntes Dokument Facelift
Facelift Wien|Bilder|Kosten|Preis|Fotos
Wir führen mehrere hundert Facelift OPs pro Jahr durch .
Auf unserer Webseite finden
Sie alle wichtigen Informationen wie Bilder , Erfahrungen , Fotos , Preise , Kosten und Finanzierung Ihrer Wunschoperation .
Facelift , wichtige allgemeine Informationen zur OP
Das Wichtigste zu allererst .
Entgegen der landläufigen Meinung können und sollen bei einem operativen Facelift nicht alle vorhandenen Falten geglättet werden .
Es würde daraus ein maskenhaftes Aussehen resultieren und die Operation wäre für jeden sehr schnell erkannbar .
Hier finden Sie übrigens Informationen über Preise und Kosten der Facelift OP
Die Kunst des plastischen Chirurgen ist es , eine möglichst natürliche Veränderung des Gesichtes zu modellieren ( einige altersgerechten Falten sollen da ruhig überbleiben ) .
Es wird dabei soviel Haut wie möglich von den Schläfen , den Wangen und dem Hals entfernt , wodurch eine überzeugende Straffung des Gesichts und des Halses erreicht wird .
Kleinste Falten im Bereich der Augenlider und des Mundes werden dabei in der Regel nicht geglättet .
Nach einem Facelift sehen die Patientinnen so wie in etwa vor ungefähr 10 Jahren aus .
Nach 5 - 10 Jahren kann eine Facelift OP bei Bedarf ohne weiteres wiederholt werden .
Man gewinnt damit abermals ein um 10 Jahre jüngeres Aussehen .
Facelift Wien , hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Facelift Wien Bilder
Tips und Tricks für die Zeit nach dem Facelift / Softlift
Eine Standard Facelift Operation gibt es nicht .
Es stehen verschiedenste Techniken zur Verfügung .
Wie etwa das klassische Facelifting , das endoskopische Stirnlifting , das Facelift mittels Laser und eine Menge verschiedenster Materialien zur Faltenentfernung .
Die anzuwendenden Techniken werden je nach Hautzustand und Patientenalter optimal zusammengestellt .
Beim großen Facelift wird nicht nur die Haut gestrafft , sondern auch das darunter liegende Bindegewebe ( und Muskeln ) .
Das Facelift kann auch recht gut mit einer Fettabsaugung am Kinn , einer Halsstraffung oder Augenlidkorrektur kombiniert werden
um ein verjüngtes Aussehen zu erreichen .
Hier finden Sie Bilder und Fotos von Facelift Operationen .
Ein Facelift kann im Normalfall durch die operative Straffung von Gewebe und Muskulatur zu tiefe Falten deutlich verbessern .
In der Haut gelagertes Kollagen und Elastin , Protein und feuchtigkeitsspendenden Substanzen schmelzen bei allzu viel Sonne dahin und lassen die Haut bereits schon ab Mitte 20 verbraucht aussehen .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Facelift Wien Fotos
Die Bewegungen der Gesichtsmuskel beim Reden , Essen oder auch Lachen tragen ebenfalls dazu bei schneller ein faltiges Gesicht zu bekommen .
Ein jugendliches Aussehen kann man weder für alle Zeit erhalten noch kann man es vollständig zurückgewinnen .
Aber man kann es sicherlich wieder neu beleben .
Ein operatives Facelift ist der richtige Weg dazu .
Laut aktuellen Studien haben attraktive Menschen privat und beruflich erhebliche Vorteile .
Schnellere Beförderung und
ein höheres Gehalt ist durchaus im Bereich des Möglichen .
Wieviel darf eine günstige Facelift OP kosten ?
Das Vorurteil der Bevölkerung von einem maskenhaften Aussehen im Anschluss an ein Facelift ist weitgehend verschwunden .
Umso wichtiger ist es heute , eine Schönheitsklinik mit ausreichender Erfahrung auszuwählen .
femmestyle , die Spezialklinik für facelift .
Nur so ist gewährleistet , dass eine Facelift OP wie eine natürliche Verjüngung wirkt und nicht sofort erkannt wird .
Ist ein Facelift der richtige Eingriff für mich ?
Wenn sie im Alter zwischen 40 und 60 Jahren sind und eine relativ gut verbliebene Hautelastizität haben , so sind die Voraussetzungen für ein optimales Ergebnis gegeben .
Die Gefahr beim Facelift ist die Überkorrektur der Falten .
Durch eine zu starke Straffung bekommt das Gesicht ein maskenartiges , unnatürliches , auffälliges Aussehen .
Dies muß vom erfahrenen Chirurgen unbedingt vermieden werden .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Facelift Wien Kosten
Das Facelift kann zusätzlich mit weiteren Verfahren zur Faltenbehandlung kombiniert werden .
Eine Augenlidstraffung , Halsstraffung , chemisches Peeling , Botoxbehandlung , Dermabrasion oder auch ein Laserpeeling wären da vorstellbar .
Insbesondere der sensible Bereich um den Mund lässt sich ausschließlich durch ein Facelift alleine nicht wesentlich verändern .
Hier ist erst eine Kombinationen verschiedenster Techniken zielführend .
Eine Facelift OP wird nach einer gründlichen Vorbereitung zumeist in Vollnarkose durchgeführt .
Das Facelift ist neben der Brustvergrößerung und der Fettabsaugung der klassische Eingriff der kosmetischen Chirurgie .
Narbensparende Techniken sind heute internationaler Standard und verhelfen den Heilungsprozeß etscheidend zu verkürzen .
Die übrige Vorgehensweise hat sich bis zum heutigen Tag sehr stark verändert .
Einfache Hautstraffungen sind sicher nicht mehr die korrekte Vorgehensweise .
Nach einer entsprechenden Präparation der Gesichtsmuskulatur wird damit automatisch die darüber liegende Haut optimal gestrafft .
Die dazu verwendeten Methoden haben neben einem narbensparenden Zugang auch noch den Vorteil geringer Verletzungsrisiken der äußerst sensiblen Gesichtsnerven .
Mit der Gesichtsstraffung sollte auch gleich den Hals gestrafft werden .
Ein kleiner Mehraufwand mit optimaler Wirkung .
Die alleinige Halsstraffung ist aber vom zu erwartenden Ergebnis eher abzulehnen .
Zu auffällig wäre das neu geformte Antlitz .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Facelift Wien Preis
Bewährt hat sich ebenfalls die Anwendung einer Lymphdrainage .
Es kommt zum beschleunigten Abfluss von Blutansammlungen und den damit verbundenen Schwellungen .
Abheilungsphasen werden deutlich verkürzt und man ist bereits nach kurzer Zeit wieder gesellschaftsfähig !
Ein Gesichtsverband wird nur in den ersten Tag getragen .
Fäden werden zum Teil schon nach 4 Tagen entfernt , die Letzten nach allerspätestens 14 Tagen .
Wenn das Facelift gemeinsam mit einem Augenlift oder einer Hautoberflächenbehandlung verbunden wird , so ist eine Vorbehandlung mit Botulinumtoxin meist sehr vorteilhaft .
Die eintretende Entspannung der Muskulatur verhilft zu einer besseren Wundheilung .
Können Komplikationen beim Facelift auftreten ?
Wie bei jeder Operation können Schwellungen , Nachblutungen , Infektionen , blaue Flecken ( Hämatome ) und Schmerzen auftreten , die jedoch sehr gut medikamentös behandelbar sind .
Wundheilungsstörungen sind jedenfalls sehr selten und treten meist nur bei Patientinnen mit entsprechenden Vorerkrankungen auf .
Bleibende Nervenverletzungen mit Gefühlsstörung oder Muskelfunktionsstörung sind bei erfahrenen plastischen Chirurgen praktisch auszuschließen .
Facelift Zürich
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Facelift
Wien voeher nachher
Was muss man im Rahmen einer Facelift OP beachten ?
Nach der Operation wird ein weicher Verband angelegt .
Nach diesem Eingriff haben die Patientinnen in der Regel fast keine Schmerzen .
Es ist hilfreich , wenn nach dem Facelift für einige Tage nur weiche Kost ( geringere Kaubewegungen ) zu sich genommen wird .
Der Operationsverlauf :
Die Operation wird in den meisten Fällen unter Vollnarkose durchgeführt .
Vor dem Eingriff wird der gesamte Kopf gewaschen und desinfiziert .
Oft ist es auch notwendig , im Bereich der vorgesehenen Schnitte , schmale Streifen zu rasieren .
Die Facelift OP dauert je nach Ausmaß bis zu 5 Stunden .
Die Operation mittels Endoskop
Der Eingriff wird mithilfe eines optischen Instruments über einen Bildschirm durchgeführt .
Eventuell muss aber auf die Technik der offenen Operation mit einem ausgedehnten äußeren Schnitt übergegangen werden um das beste Ergebnis zu erreichen .
Weiters kann man ein oberes Facelift ( Stirnlift ) und ein unteres Facelift ( Halsstraffung ) unterscheiden .
Das obere Facelift : Der Schnitt verläuft genau entlang der Stirnhaargrenze von einem
Ohr zum anderen .
Neben der Haut wird für ein optimales Ergebnis auch die Stirnmuskulatur gelöst .
So können die unbeliebten Zornesfalten problemlos entfernt werden .
Das untere Facelift : Das untere Facelift unterscheidet sich etwas in der Schnittführung als auch in Art und Umfang vom oberen Facelift .
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
Das Minilift : Dabei wird nur die Haut im Bereich der Wangen geliftet , nicht aber das Unterhautgewebe .
Zumeist wird diese
Art des Facelift vor allem bei jungen Patientinnen angewandt .
Das Midilift : Bei diesem wird die sogenannte SMAS Technik angewandt .
Neben der Haut werden auch die Strukturen des Unterhautgewebes gestrafft .
Das ist wohl das am meist angewendete Verfahren und verspricht einen optimale Erfolge .
Das Face Neck Lift : Neben den Wangen wird auch der faltige Halsbereich gestrafft .
Vor dem Facelift zeichnet der behandelnde Arzt den Hautüberschuss auf der Haut auf .
Danach werden die Schnitte durch sehr feine Nähte innerhalb der Haut genäht .
Somit sind diese nicht sichtbar .
Das Faclift im Stirnbereich
Dies ist die optimale Methode um abgesunkene Augenbrauen anzuheben oder Stirnfalten dauerhaft zu entfernen .
Dieser Eingriff verlängert die Operationsdauer um zusätzlich eine Stunde .
Die Straffung der Augenlider benötigen ebenfalls etwa eine Stunde .
Wichtiges zur Nachbehandlung der Facelift OP :
Der Wundverband mit Watte im Bereich beider Ohren wird etwa 2 Tage nach der Operation abgenommen .
Während der ersten paar
Tage kann es neben Spannungen und Schwellungen im Bereich der Gesichtshaut auch zu einer leichten Schwellung der Augenlider kommen .
Auch blaue Flecken im Operationsgebiet sind nicht selten , verschwinden aber in kürzester Zeit von selbst .
Da einige feine Hautnerven bei der Faceliftoperation durchtrennt werden , besteht in en ersten 3 - 4 Monaten ein leichtes Taubheitsgefühl .
Die Narben vor den
Ohren sind in der Regel schon nach 2 Wochen vollkommen unsichtbar .
Kurz vor der Entlassung aus der Fachklinik für plastische Chirurgie können die Haare gewaschen und auch etwas Makeup aufgelegt werden .
Starke Sonneneinstrahlung sollte unbedingt vermieden werden um das Ergebnis nicht zu gefährden .
Die sorgfältige Nachbehandlung ist für das optimale Ergebnis von zentraler Bedeutung .
Dazu wirdaber unbedingt ihre Mithilfe benötigt .
Facelift Wien
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches Angebot anfordern .
Facelift Wien Erfahrungen
Wenn notwendig , könnten die Fäden auch vom Hausarzt gezogen werden .
Große Kälte und Gewichtsschwankungen ( Crashdiäten ) können den Heilungsprozess ebenfalls negativ beeinflussen .
Sport ist nach 4 Wochen wieder möglich .
Das endgültige Operationsergebnis ist nach etwa einem halben Jahr zu erwarten .
Prinzipiell gilt dabei :
1. ) Keine Sorge , der Kopfverband wird bereits nach sehr kurzer Zeit entfernt .
2. ) Verzichten
Sie die ersten vier Wochen nach dem Facelift auf jede übermäßige körperliche Anstrengung .
3. ) Vermeiden Sie die direkte Sonnenbestrahlung .
4. ) Schwellungen , ein Taubheitsgefühl , blaue Flecken und leichte Schmerzen hinter dem Ohr sind nicht unüblich .
5. ) Die ersten Hautfäden werden nach ungefähr fünf Tagen entfernt .
6. ) Narben und Rötungen können mit einem speziellen Make - up ( Camouflage ) abgedeckt werden .
7. ) Nehmen Sie sich die notwendige Zeit um sich von derFaceliftoperation zu erholen .
Raucher haben eine schlechtere Hautdurchblutung , die sich gerade auf einem Facelifting durch Absterben der Wundränder bemerkbar machen kann .
Deshalb wird Rauchern dringend empfohlen , den Konsum auf wenige Zigaretten pro Tag zu beschränken .
Besser ists natürlich rauchfrei .
Wie wird das Ergebiss aussehen und wie lange wird es halten ?
Bei den meisten Patienten kann eine deutliche Verbesserung der Falten erreicht werden .
Zumeist sind Sie spätestens nach 3 Wochen wieder in ihren normalen Alltag integriert .
Erfahrungsgemäß hält der Operationserfolg durchschnittlich 10 Jahre an . Ein erneutes Facelift ist dann wieder problemlos durchführbar .
Facelift München
Hier können Sie Ihr persönliches , kostenloses Angebot anfordern .
© 2019 femmestyle zum Thema Facelift OP
1/26/2010 Racked to secondary
- Tasted like ASS ( hecnce the name ) , I ca n’t even swallow it ( that ’s what she said ? )
- Not sure of the flavor .
Maybe astringent .
( Later on , I ’m guessing it ’s fusel alchol )
- Very strong flavor .
Offensive .
God have mercy on my soul .
2/12/2010 Bottling Day
- The beer has calmed down quite a bit .
It might actually be drinkable .
- 17 days in the secondary probably did it some good .
3/5/2010 Open first bottle
- Tastes great .
Good candidate for re-creating
- The aftertaste is a little bitter , but otherwise not to shabby .
Sky Sports News understands that Arsenal shareholder Lady Nina Bracewell - Smith is poised to sell her crucial stake in the club .
Sale of shares could see club in new hands
Takeover bid
understands that Arsenal shareholder Lady Nina Bracewell - Smith is poised to sell her crucial stake in the club .
Bracewell - Smith owns a 15.9 per cent share in the North London side and is a key figure in the future ownership of the Gunners .
The former Arsenal director , who resigned from the board in 2008 , has hired bankers Blackstone to find a buyer for the fourth - largest share in the club .
The move will trigger speculation that an imminent takeover could be on the cards for the Emirates Stadium outfit with Stan Kroenke and Alisher Usmanov both waiting in the wings .
American businessman Kroenke currently holds a 29.98 per cent stake in the club , fractionally below the 30 per cent threshold required to trigger a formal takeover bid .
The Kroenke Sports Enterprises group could be handed significant funding in the coming weeks , with Kroenke reported to be planning a sale of his stake in the NFL side St Louis Rams on the cards .
Alisher Usmanov's Red and White Holdings will also have been alerted by the latest development , as they hold a 26.29 per cent share in the Gunners .
Arsenal director Danny Fiszman holds a 16.11 per cent share , with the remaining 11.72 per cent made up of minority stakeholders .
Jesse Vincent uploaded the perl - 5.12.0 - RC3 release to the CPAN .
It 's important that that this release is tested to flag any potential release blockers .
If none are found it 'll be released as 5.12 on April 9 .
Here 's how you can do that :
All tests should have been successful .
To install it ( without touching your existing perl ! ) do :
Now you have an installed perl - 5.12.0 - RC3 in ~/perl5-rc3/installed /bin/perl .
Now just configure CPAN to install modules without nagging :
And then maybe try installing your favorite CPAN modules , or bundles that suck down a lot of them ( using sudo here because my ~/.cpan is owned by root ) :
Of course the most useful think you can do is test it on your own in - house code .
All the code on the CPAN has probably been tested with 5.12 already .
If you encounter any issues first check if they 're listed in the errata or mentioned in the perldelta for 5.12 .
if you think you 've found a new bug please report it with the perlbug tool installed with perl - 5.12.0 - RC3 .
Development of Aki , KDE and other random stuff
Today , the Supreme Court of the United States will decide whether it will review a California law restricting the sale of particularly violent games to minors , which was previously struck down by an appeals court .
If the Supreme Court decides to review the law , it is possible it will uphold the law and declare it constitutional , in contrast to the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ' February 2009 decision .
The law was written by California state senator Leland Yee ( D , San Francisco ) , a longtime proponent of legislation restricting the sale of violent games to minors .
It was passed by the state legislature in 2004 and signed into law by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , who still maintains his support for its goals .
Earlier this week , the Supreme Court ruled in an eight to one decision that the government cannot restrict video depictions of animal cruelty , despite existing laws against animal cruelty itself .
This very recent precedent may signal a tough environment for Yee 's law , as both cases deal with limiting First Amendement rights of expression .
Yee , however , believes that because his legislation is aimed specifically at children , whose brains are developed differently to those of adults , it faces fewer challenges than laws that would restrict types of expression for all ages .
" Based on an extensive body of peer - reviewed research from leading social scientists and medical associations , we narrowly tailored this law to serve the State�s compelling interest in protecting children , " said Yee , according to the California Chronicle " We need to help empower parents with the ultimate decision over whether or not their children play in a world of violence and murder , " he added .
" The video game industry should not be allowed to put their profit margins over the rights of parents and the well - being of children .
" Opponents of the bill include the Entertainment Merchants Association , which previously successfully brought the case to the lower appeals court , where it was overturned .
EU Free Trade Regulations European Court Weighs Dutch Cannabis Ban for Foreigners
The Dutch government wants to ban cannabis sales to foreigners , but coffee shops in Holland argue that it's a violation of EU free - trade regulations .
The European Court of Justice will now decide .
Von Paul van der Steen
WASHINGTON — Politically connected staffers in Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s State Department twisted arms to steer a $ 5.4 million contract for crystal stemware to a tiny interior - design firm without putting it out for bid — a move that shut out a well - known New York glassmaker , a department whistleblower told The Post .
Two senior State Department contracting officials , Randolph Bennett and Tandra Jones , successfully pushed for the contract to go to a firm run by Denise Mathis - Gardner as a no- bid minority “ 8 ( a ) ” contract , the source said — an action that one shut - out competitor complained cost taxpayers an extra $ 1 million .
The contracted firm , Systems Design Inc. , based in Washington ’s Georgetown neighborhood , had no experience making glassware , and its owner had only recently emerged from bankruptcy proceedings , the source said .
As The Post first reported last month , SDI shut out upstate ’s Steuben Glass , which has made government glassware since the Truman administration .
“ These two [ Bennett and Jones ] went down to the small - business office and insisted that we have an 8 ( a ) company — have this company SDI do our contract , ” the source said .
“ They [ SDI ] do n’t know how to make glass .
The glassware is being made in Sweden . ”
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) met with State officials to grill them about the contract last month , shortly after The Post ’s report , and said afterward that the department would reopen the contract for bidding .
Records show Bennett gave $ 1,000 to Barack Obama ’s presidential campaign , $ 2,000 to the Obama Victory Fund and $ 2,300 to the Democratic National Committee for the inauguration .
According to the source , Bennett and Jones and their superiors steered the contract to SDI even after agency officials and at least one competitor complained it was a taxpayer rip - off .
“ My belief is that this process is tainted and preferential treatment was given , ” said James Stieff , whose firm was shut out of the work .
An e-mail with Stieff ’s complaint to a top State official was obtained by The Post .
Neither Bennett nor Jones returned messages requesting comment .
geoff.earle@nypost.com
When you read about climate change in magazines , the articles almost invariably conclude with a list entitled “ 10 Ways to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint ” , or something similar .
Instead of driving , ride your bike , walk , or use public transit .
When you do drive , avoid idling and make sure your tires are properly inflated .
Insulate your home .
Use compact fluorescent lightbulbs .
Recycle and compost .
Buy local food from farmer ’s markets .
We ’ve heard it all before .
These are important actions to take .
They can go a long way to improve local air quality and save you some money .
Local food is yummy , and composting is fun to watch .
But will they really help fight climate change ?
Dr James Hansen , a climatology pioneer with an incredible track record , believes that atmospheric CO2 needs to be reduced to “ at most 350 ppm ” from the current 389 ppm .
Kyoto required an average reduction of 5 % below 1990 levels .
The Waxman - Markey climate change bill that just passed the US Congress is aiming for an 80 % cut by 2050 .
It ’s an incredible feat in today ’s fossil - fuel dependent world for a country to even stabilize their emissions , let alone decrease them , let alone decrease them enough so that CO2 concentrations will stabilize , let alone decrease them enough so that CO2 concentrations will also decrease .
Is it enough just for the government to run a series of ads which encourage bike riding ?
Is it enough for them to give a tax credit on compost bins ?
Will that alone cut our global CO2 emissions the drastic amount that is needed ?
And most importantly , will enough people even make an effort ?
Personally , I believe that governments need to take two different kinds of action against climate change .
1 ) Improve and expand on infrastructure to support a sustainable lifestyle .
Basically , make it easy for everyone to follow the “ 10 Ways to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint ” list .
Create a public transit system which is even more convenient than driving – in Ottawa , where I recently traveled , their rapid - transit buses are so efficient that most ( or at least a good chunk of ) people ride them to and from work each day .
Build bike paths so cyclists do n’t have to ride in traffic .
Provide a curbside composting and recycling system .
Make sustainability so easy for citizens that it wo n’t seem like an inconvenience .
2 ) Create legislation and financial incentives , including an emissions target , for industries to move away from fossil fuels and start using clean energies .
Citizens and industries tend to care about money more than anything else .
If cap - and - trade is designed correctly , it will be in a company ’s best financial interests to reduce their emissions .
CSS plants will be gold mines .
If a carbon tax works correctly , clean energies will cost less than carbon - dense fossil fuels , so people will be more willing to choose them .
Their demand will increase and they will become more present in the market .
If you make it easy for people to reduce their carbon footprint , and then it make it more expensive for them not to do so , they will change .
If you introduce the freedom to pollute as a currency to industries , they will do what industries like to do , which is to make money and save money .
But simple encouragement will only work on the most ethical of people .
And even then it does n’t go far enough .
I would live a far greener lifestyle if transit was better and farmer ’s markets were easy to get to .
Until then , commercials encouraging bike riding and energy - efficient lightbulbs are nothing but a facade that make the government look like it ’s doing something to support sustainability .
On Behalf of a Grateful Nation …
… I ’d like to thank the porn industry .
Yes , really .
According to a memo obtained by the Associated Press and reported on at Politico , “ top staffers ” at the Securities Exchange Commission used Internet pornography to … um , get a grip on themselves … as the US economy ground toward collapse in 2008 :
One SEC attorney in Washington kept burned CDs and DVDs of pornography downloaded on his government computer — the hard drive of which was filled by explicit material ….
Another SEC employee was blocked access from [ sic ] pornographic websites more than 16,000 times in one month …
According to another version of the report , that attorney above “ spent up to eight hours a day ” — in other words , his full workday — building his porn collection .
Naturally this report has been greeted by considerable moralizing , complaining and posturing .
But I ’m grateful .
Yes , really .
Yes , it ’s an abusive waste of taxpayer money to furnish someone with a state - of - the - art PC and a high - speed Internet connection and then pay him $ 200,000 per year ( at least 17 of the investigated employees were in that salary range ) to sit in front of that PC and flog the dolphin .
But think of the alternatives !
What if they ’d been doing their jobs ?
The very idea sends chills running down my spine and cues up cheesy horror - flick music in the back of my head .
The Securities and Exchange Commission is “ an independent , quasi- judicial regulatory agency ” charged with administering the Securities Act of 1933 , the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 , the Investment Company Act of 1940 , the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 , the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act of 2006 .
To put it a different way , the SEC ’s primary mission is selective restraint of trade for the benefit the political class .
If your company is well - connected in Washington , the SEC ’s job is to grease the skids for , and give a patina of regulatory “ credibility ” to , your latest cockamamie scheme for defrauding the public — “ Mortgage - Backed Securities , ” for example .
If your company is n’t well - connected in Washington , the SEC ’s job is to wrap you in miles of red tape , throw you in the Potomac , and push your head back under the water if you manage to surface for air — whatever it takes to keep you from competing with the previously mentioned class of companies .
If the SEC ’s 4,000 or so employees had spent eight hours a day doing their jobs for the last 75 years , we ’d be royally screwed .
The economy would n’t have collapsed in 2008 because there would n’t have been any economy left to collapse by 2008 .
Half the securities traders in America would be in jail on charges of Contempt of Bureaucrat and the other half would be gaily hawking derivatives backed by your presumed rate of toejam production or the probability of a monkey hitting three 20s in a row at darts ( said derivatives duly approved by the SEC , of course ) .
The absolute best result that we can expect from a government regulatory agency is that it will function as a slight drag on the economy — dead weight .
After we shell out money to build the fancy office , hire some secretaries for the bureaucrats to sexually harass , send them out on a Best Buy shopping spree and put them on their monthly welfare check , if we ’re lucky the worst that will happen is that they ’ll content themselves with Internet porn , outrageous salaries and obscene fringe benefits , and otherwise keep pretty much to themselves .
If we ’re not lucky , they ’ll decide to try and actually do whatever it was they were supposedly hired to do , and that ’s when things get really stupid .
A bureaucrat on a crusade makes a bull in a china shop look like … like … well , like something not as bad as a bull in a china shop .
And so , I salute the membership of the Securities and Exchange Commission chapter of Porn Connoisseurs International — not for anything good they did , but for harm they avoided doing .
If we avoid a second Great Depression , we may have them ( and the staff of PicHunter and YouPorn ) to thank .
The Three - Headed DWI Monster In Texas : Most criminal charges only set in motion one legal case .
Drunk driving charges are the exception .
We will go to bat for you against driver ’s license consequences , criminal prosecution , & criminal conviction .
Tim 's primary areas of practice are Criminal Law , Family Law , CPS , Adoptions , Wills , Probate and Personal Injury .
He has a reputation for zealously representing clients from places far and wide in Texas courtrooms .
Tim Cowart has over 22 years experience practicing law .
He is a member of the Texas Criminal Defense Lawyers Association , the Highland Lakes Bar Association , and the Chambers of Commerce in both Llano and Marble Falls .
Tim has served two terms on the State Bar Grievance Committee , been a member of the College of the State Bar of Texas , as well as the Association of Trial Lawyers of America .
Combining Personal Attention with Experienced Representation
We Will Fight to Preserve Your God-Given Rights
When you are struggling with a legal problem , it can seem overwhelming .
You may not know what to expect or where to turn for help .
Whether you are facing criminal charges , going through a divorce , dealing with child custody issues , suffering from a personal injury , you need a lawyer you can trust .
We have dedicated our legal practice to helping clients fight in a strategic and ethical manner in nearly every kind of legal struggle , while helping our clients understand and protect their rights .
Regardless of the legal problem you are facing , you need an experienced advocate .
At Cowart Law Offices , we use our combined experience in helping clients resolve their legal problems in a variety of practice areas .
We recognize the need to approach each client ’s situation uniquely .
In addition , our team strives to treat each client in the same manner that each of us would expect to be treated .
We will give you an honest assessment of your situation and help you understand what to expect in your case .
Sometimes , strategic negotiation is the best way to resolve conflicts .
When push comes to shove , we will not back down from a fight when the time comes .
Cowart Law Offices proudly serves the Texas Hill Country Area , including but not limited to cases in Llano , Burnet , Blanco , Gillespie , Kerr , Lampasas , Mason , McCulloch , and San Saba Counties , and includes the following municipalities : Marble Falls , Horseshoe Bay , Kingsland , Granite Shoals , Blanco , Johnson City , Mason , Fredericksburg , Lampasas and Brady .
We offer two Highland Lakes Area offices to better serve you , in Marble Falls and Llano .
To schedule a consultation and find out how we can help you , call 325-247-5486 , or 830-798-1063 , or feel free to use the contact us form to leave your contact information .
In most cases there is a consultation fee of $ 100 , however there is no fee for personal injury clients .
photo : CERN
Click photo to view expanded History of the Universe .
Did you know that the matter in your body is billions of years old ?
According to most astrophysicists , all the matter found in the universe today -- including the matter in people , plants , animals , the earth , stars , and galaxies -- was created at the very first moment of time , thought to be about 13 billion years ago .
The universe began , scientists believe , with every speck of its energy jammed into a very tiny point .
This extremely dense point exploded with unimaginable force , creating matter and propelling it outward to make the billions of galaxies of our vast universe .
Astrophysicists dubbed this titanic explosion the Big Bang .
The Big Bang was like no explosion you might witness on earth today .
For instance , a hydrogen bomb explosion , whose center registers approximately 100 million degrees Celsius , moves through the air at about 300 meters per second .
In contrast , cosmologists believe the Big Bang flung energy in all directions at the speed of light ( 300,000,000 meters per second , a million times faster than the H - bomb ) and estimate that the temperature of the entire universe was 1000 trillion degrees Celsius at just a tiny fraction of a second after the explosion .
Even the cores of the hottest stars in today 's universe are much cooler than that .
There 's another important quality of the Big Bang that makes it unique .
While an explosion of a man-made bomb expands through air , the Big Bang did not expand through anything .
That 's because there was no space to expand through at the beginning of time .
Rather , physicists believe the Big Bang created and stretched space itself , expanding the universe .
A Cooling , Expanding Universe
photo : Space Telescope Science Institute
As the early universe cooled , the matter produced in the Big Bang gathered into stars and galaxies .
For a brief moment after the Big Bang , the immense heat created conditions unlike any conditions astrophysicists see in the universe today .
While planets and stars today are composed of atoms of elements like hydrogen and silicon , scientists believe the universe back then was too hot for anything other than the most fundamental particles -- such as quarks and photons .
But as the universe quickly expanded , the energy of the Big Bang became more and more " diluted " in space , causing the universe to cool .
Popping open a beer bottle results in a roughly similar cooling , expanding effect : gas , once confined in the bottle , spreads into the air , and the temperature of the beer drops .
Rapid cooling allowed for matter as we know it to form in the universe , although physicists are still trying to figure out exactly how this happened .
About one ten - thousandth of a second after the Big Bang , protons and neutrons formed , and within a few minutes these particles stuck together to form atomic nuclei , mostly hydrogen and helium .
Hundreds of thousands of years later , electrons stuck to the nuclei to make complete atoms .
About a billion years after the Big Bang , gravity caused these atoms to gather in huge clouds of gas , forming collections of stars known as galaxies .
Gravity is the force that pulls any objects with mass towards one another -- the same force , for example , that causes a ball thrown in the air to fall to the earth .
Where do planets like earth come from ?
Over billions of years , stars " cook " hydrogen and helium atoms in their hot cores to make heavier elements like carbon and oxygen .
Large stars explode over time , blasting these elements into space .
This matter then condenses into the stars , planets , and satellites that make up solar systems like our own .
How do we know the Big Bang happened ?
Astrophysicists have uncovered a great deal of compelling evidence over the past hundred years to support the Big Bang theory .
Among this evidence is the observation that the universe is expanding .
By looking at light emitted by distant galaxies , scientists have found that these galaxies are rapidly moving away from our galaxy , the Milky Way .
An explosion like the Big Bang , which sent matter flying outward from a point , explains this observation .
Did you know that the static on your television is caused by radiation left over from the Big Bang ?
Another critical discovery was the observation of low levels of microwaves throughout space .
Astronomers believe these microwaves , whose temperature is about - 270 degrees Celsius , are the remnants of the extremely high - temperature radiation produced by the Big Bang .
Interestingly , astronomers can get an idea of how hot the universe used to be by looking at very distant clouds of gas through high - power telescopes .
Because light from these clouds can take billions of years to reach our telescopes , we see such bodies as they appeared eons ago .
Lo and behold , these ancient clouds of gas seem to be hotter than younger clouds .
Scientists have also been able to uphold the Big Bang theory by measuring the relative amounts of different elements in the universe .
They 've found that the universe contains about 74 percent hydrogen and 26 percent helium by mass , the two lightest elements .
All the other heavier elements -- including elements common on earth , such as carbon and oxygen -- make up just a tiny trace of all matter .
So how does this prove anything about the Big Bang ?
Scientists have shown , using theoretical calculations , that these abundances could only have been made in a universe that began in a very hot , dense state , and then quickly cooled and expanded .
This is exactly the kind of universe that the Big Bang theory predicts .
next page ...
Washington ( CNN ) -- Karl Rove , often described as President George W. Bush 's brain , defended the former president in a new book against claims that he lied to the American public in order to invade Iraq in 2003 .
" [ D ]id Bush lie us into war ?
Absolutely not , " Rove wrote in his 516 - page book , " Courage and Consequence : My Life as a Conservative in the Fight . "
The book highlights Rove 's life and career and his time working for Bush .
Rove , a long - time political advisor who joined Bush in the White House after the 2000 campaign , said the U.S. would n't have gone to war with Iraq if the administration knew that weapons of mass destruction would n't be found .
" Would the Iraq War have occurred without WMD ?
I doubt it , " he wrote .
" Congress was very unlikely to have supported the use - of - force resolution without the threat of WMD .
The Bush administration itself would probably have sought other ways to constrain Saddam , bring about regime change , and deal with Iraq 's horrendous human rights violations . "
Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein , Rove argued , may have destroyed most of his WMD stockpiles or possibly moved them to other countries such as Syria before the war .
" But I am under no illusions ; the failure to find stockpiles of WMD did great damage to the administration 's credibility , " he wrote .
" Our weak response in defense of the president and in setting the record straight , is , I believe , one of the biggest mistakes of the Bush years . "
He goes on to say , " So who was responsible for the failure to respond ?
I was .
I should have stepped forward , rung the warning bell , and pressed for full - scale response .
I did n't . "
Enhanced Interrogation
Rove discusses the Bush administration 's support for the controversial interrogation technique known as waterboarding , which Democrats and others have described as torture .
He defends the use of enhanced interrogation techniques ( EITs ) , arguing they were authorized by the Department of Justice in August 2002 and signed off by then - CIA director George Tenet .
He also disputes claims that the administration failed to brief members of Congress on the use of these techniques .
" When these techniques were first authorized , Democratic leaders had been briefed about them .
Their silence made them complicit in their use , " he wrote .
" Nonetheless , when political winds shifted and memories of 9/11 faded , some Democratic leaders claimed that they had never been told about the techniques and that the Bush administration used EITs only in secret . "
He singled out House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , who charged in July 2009 that the CIA misled Congress in a secret briefing she received in 2002 .
Pelosi said the CIA failed to inform her and others at the briefing about harsh interrogation techniques being used on terrorism suspects .
The CIA responded by saying Pelosi was told about the harsh techniques , including waterboarding , at the classified 2002 briefing .
As for whether the techniques were actually torture , Rove says the president " never authorized torture , " but rather " did just the opposite " by making sure the techniques " did not cross the legal line into torture . "
" What 's more , EITs did help our intelligence agents gather critical information to thwart future attacks , " he added .
Hurricane Katrina
Bush and his administration have been criticized for their response to Hurricane Katrina , which devastated much of the Gulf Coast in 2005 .
One incident Rove addresses in the book involves Bush flying over Louisiana in Air Force
One rather than landing and surveying the damage .
Rove says he was " one of the people responsible for this mistake , " and argued that the president should n't land in New Orleans in the immediate aftermath so as not to hinder relief efforts , but rather come back days later .
Rove notes that while the decision did not help out Bush politically , it was the right thing to do so as not to take away vital resources that were needed for the relief effort .
Bush DUI
Rove cites a particularly touchy subject that emerged during the 2000 presidential campaign : Bush 's 1976 arrest for driving while under the influence of alcohol .
Rove said that while Bush told a few people about it , including himself , the governor did n't want it to be made public .
The DUI disclosure , which came out shortly before Election Day , was " suspicious , " Rove says .
He points a finger at Vice President Al Gore 's campaign spokesman , Chris Lehane , as a possible source of the information getting out .
" [ W]e had our suspicions and they centered on Lehane , " Rove writes .
" He had been raised in Kennebunk , was one of the Democratic Party 's best opposition researchers , had run the Maine campaign for Clinton - Gore , worked on the White House rapid - response team handling scandals during the Clinton years , played around in Maine Democratic politics ... "
Cheney as a running mate
Dick Cheney , a Defense Secretary under President George H.W. Bush and former Wyoming congressman , was tasked to help then - candidate Bush picking a running mate .
Some of the potential running mates that Bush and his campaign considered included former Sen. John Danforth of Missouri , former Gov. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , along with Sens. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , among others .
But it would be Cheney 's name that would resonate with Bush at the time .
Rove says the governor was " starting to feel that Cheney was as good as any " to fill the role .
" Bush had become impressed with Cheney 's thoroughness as head of the VP search and the intelligence and insights he offered in meetings ...
Bush liked Cheney 's straightforward manner and his ability to question the fundamental premise of an argument , " Rove writes .
Rove also confronts rumors in the book that Cheney picked himself , saying that accusation is " far - fetched . "
" I saw the man squirm as Bush pressed him to accept , " he wrote .
Valerie Plame
Rove writes that the low point for him personally during the Bush presidency was when reporters were camped out at his home and he faced a possible indictment over leaking CIA operative Valerie Plame 's name to the media -- an accusation he denies in the book .
Upon finding out that prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald was not likely to charge him , he says he " placed the receiver in its cradle and wept . "
John Edwards
Rove also wrote that he was most worried in the 2004 re-election campaign about then - Sen .
John Edwards , who unsuccessfully sought the Democratic presidential nomination that year .
" He was a fresh face , articulate and engaging , and attractive to the point of being almost too pretty , " Rove wrote .
" He was a product of the South , which had helped Bill Clinton a dozen years before . "
But Rove also charged that Edwards was unprincipled , flip - flopped on issues and was somewhat vain .
" Edwards also seemed inordinately in love with his looks , his voice , with himself , " Rove said .
Rove 's memoir goes beyond the Bush years , his criticism of the media and Democrats .
He also takes readers back to his childhood and opens up about how he dealt with his mother 's suicide .
( CNN ) --
The " Pig Book , " an annual report detailing the excesses of pork spending , has served up its usual heavy - duty mockery of congressional excesses .
But this year the meat spit is smaller .
The number and costs of congressional pork projects dropped this year , the Citizens Against Government Waste said in its " 2010 Congressional Pig Book Summary , " issued on Wednesday .
The 9,129 projects in the report " represent a 10.2 percent decline from the 10,160 projects identified in fiscal year 2009 , and the $ 16.5 billion in cost is a 15.5 percent decrease from the $ 19.6 billion in pork in fiscal year 2009 , " the group said .
The nonpartisan group , which has been shining the light on how members of Congress use the earmarking process to steer money to projects in their districts , attributed the decrease in part to " reforms that were adopted when Democrats took over Congress in 2006 . "
Read more about " Oinkers " awards from the " Pig Book "
" The changes include greater transparency , with the names of members of Congress first appearing next to their requested projects in 2008 , letters of request that identify where and why the money will be spent and the elimination of earmarks named after sitting members of Congress in the House . "
Leslie Paige , the Citizens Against Government Waste media director , also said that " there 's been pressure from taxpayers because earmarking has become a problem " and " we 've got a really huge debt and people want to see some kind of restraint . "
" We 're starting to whittle away at it , " she said , calling earmarks " unaccountable " and " walking around money " with a " corruptive nature . "
But the group , which backs the elimination of earmarks , said " the transparency changes are far from perfect . "
For example , it said the 2010 Defense Appropriations
Act has 35 anonymous projects " worth $ 6 billion , or 59 percent of the total pork in the bill . "
Of the 9,129 projects in the report , there were 81 anonymous projects worth $ 6.5 billion .
The " Pig Book " said Hawaii leads the nation in pork spending per capita , replacing Alaska .
" Following the exit of Alaska porker extraordinaire Sen .
Ted Stevens , R - Alaska , the state slipped to No. 4 in pork per capita .
Hawaii led the nation with $ 251 per capita ( $ 326 million ) .
The runners up were North Dakota with $ 197 per capita ( $ 127 million ) and West Virginia with $ 146 per capita ( $ 265 million ) . "
Wyoming is lowest at $ 12.28 per capita ( $ 6.8 million ) , followed by Minnesota , at $ 12.78 ( $ 67 million ) , Arizona , $ 13.90 ( $ 91 million ) , and Indiana , $ 14.19 ( $ 91 million ) .
The report presents a list of humorous awards for projects and people it calls " Oinkers " of 2010 .
For example , there 's " The Thad the Impaler Award " to Sen .
Thad Cochran , R- Mississippi , for $ 490 million in pork projects .
The report said Cochran has the highest dollar amount of earmarks and the highest number of projects at 240 .
A statement from Cochran 's office defended his budget requests .
" Throughout the appropriations process Sen .
Cochran continued to advocate for meritorious programs that were omitted from the president 's budget .
Those requests were vetted to ensure that the funds were for lawful and legitimate purposes and would serve the public interest . "
House and Senate members have said that projects dubbed pork have created jobs and spurred development and enterprise in their home districts .
To qualify for the " Pig Book , " a project must meet at least one of these standards :
It was requested by only one chamber of Congress , was not specifically authorized , was not competitively awarded , was not requested by the president , greatly exceeded the president 's budget request or the previous year 's funding , was not the subject of congressional hearings or served only a local or special interest .
Read the full report or search through the projects
The group said that for fiscal year 2011 , House Democrats are n't requesting earmarks that go to for - profit entities and House Republicans are n't requesting any earmarks .
" None of these reforms are sufficient to eliminate all earmarks , " the group said , noting it expects to issue another " Pig Book " next year .
But , Paige said , " we 're going in the right direction . "
Justin Mason
0
This is a follow up to last weeks story about our trip to the PBFashion warehouse .
While the HK guys were unloading several pallets of new paintball cleats , one of
Today TNA presents it ’s Sacrifice PPV .
This card boasts nine matches , some of which have some odd stipulations and some have some normal stipulations like titles on the line .
Who will survive and who will sacrifice everything ?
Here ’s what I think will happen :
TNA Sacrifice – Preview / Predictions | DailyDDT from Daniel Correia on Vimeo .
QUICK PREDICTIONS :
# 1 Contender Match – Tag Team
Beer Money vs. Motor City Machine Guns vs. Team 3D
SHOULD : MMG WILL : 3D
Career vs. KO Title
Tara vs. Madison Rayne ( Champion )
SHOULD / WILL : Madison
TNA Global Title
Rob Terry ( Champion ) vs. Orlando Jordan
SHOULD : Terry WILL : Jordan
Chelsea or The Ring
Desmond Wolfe vs. Abyss
SHOULD / WILL : Abyss
X - Division Title
Doug Williams vs. Kazarian ( Champion )
SHOULD : Williams WILL : Kazarian
Tag Team Titles
The Band ( Champions ) vs. Ink Inc
SHOULD : Ink Inc WILL : The Band
Mr. Anderson vs. Jeff Hardy
SHOULD / WILL : Anderson
Sting vs. Jeff Jarrett
SHOULD / WILL : Sting
TNA World Title
Rob Van Dam ( Champion ) vs. AJ Styles
SHOULD : RVD WILL : Styles
Sacrifice begins at 5 pm on the west coast .
I will be back tomorrow with results and my review of the show .
Till then …
By Tom Bevan - April 20 , 2010
After witnessing all the back room wheeling , dealing , political and media manipulation that was used to pass health care , it 's no wonder people are questioning not only the method but the motives of the Democrats and the Obama administration when it comes to financial regulatory reform .
So let 's walk through this step by step .
First , the SEC files a lawsuit alleging fraud against Goldman Sachs , the timing of which simply reeks of politics .
Next , Chris Dodd ( and other members of the administration ) , use the SEC suit to try to force through regulatory reform which they claim will end future bailouts but which critics say will actually institutionalize " too big to fail " by effectively turning big Wall Street banks into quasi - government backed entities like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
And it 's not just Republicans who think this .
In an interview with Politico yesterday Democrat Brad Sherman , a member of the House Financial Services Committee , put it in blunt terms : " there are serious problems with the Dodd bill .
The Dodd bill has unlimited executive bailout authority .
That 's something Wall Street desperately wants but does n't dare ask for .
The bill contains permanent , unlimited bailout authority . "
This morning we learned another disturbing coincidence : that Barack Obama 's former White House Counsel , Greg Craig , will represent Goldman Sachs in its lawsuit with the FEC .
We also know that , despite their tough on Wall Street rhetoric , Democrats were on the receiving end of $ 12.7 million in contributions from Wall Street in the most recent campaign cycle , nearly twice as much as Republicans .
President Obama alone raised $ 3.4 million from Wall Street - including nearly a million from Goldman Sachs .
In fact , Dodd 's bill appears to be riddled with " carve - outs " - provisions written into the bill to appease certain special interests .
One Republican K Street lobbyist told the Huffington Post , " Obtaining a carve - out is n't rocket science .
Just give Chairman Dodd [ D - Conn . ] and Chuck Schumer [ D - N.Y. ] a sh*tload of money . "
And the bill is now coming under fire from the left as well , with a coalition of former Democratic officials and regulators arguing in a letter to Harry Reid that Dodd 's bill will do nothing to prevent a future crisis .
Yesterday afternoon Chris Dodd told a group of reporters that the issue of financial regulation boils down to a simple question : " Whose side are you on ? "
Dodd , of course , was suggesting anyone who disagrees with his bill is on the side of Wall Street , but the more dots you find to connect the easier it is to come to the conclusion that this is a bill that Wall Street would absolutely love to see pass .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The former UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) leader Nigel Farage said he was " lucky to be alive " after his plane crashed in Northamptonshire .
The aircraft came down at Hinton - in - the - Hedges Airfield near Brackley .
Mr Farage is being treated at John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford for broken ribs and other minor injuries .
Pilot , Justin Adams , is also in hospital .
It is thought the aircraft came down when a trailing campaign banner became entangled .
' Trapped in wreckage ' Party leader Lord Pearson said Mr Farage had been visited by his wife in hospital .
He said : " Despite being in considerable pain , we deduce that Nigel is back to something like his normal form .
" We also understand that the injuries to the pilot , Justin Adams , may be less serious than previously feared though we have been unable to speak to his family .
" It is clear that both men had a remarkably lucky escape . "
A spokesperson for UKIP said " it was unlikely Mr Farage would be discharged from hospital today " .
He added : " He ( Mr Farage ) suffered facial cuts and bruises and injuries to his chest and there might be some damage to his ribs . "
A consultant at the hospital is reported to have told a UKIP press officer that Mr Farage may also have suffered a chip to his spine .
Chris Adams , UKIP parliamentary candidate for Aylesbury , earlier said Mr Farage had been " in and out of consciousness " and had been X - rayed but the press officer later said they had been told he was conscious throughout the crash and rescue .
We 've had unconfirmed reports that either the banner got snagged up , or there were cross- winds and it was an unfamiliar airfield to the pilot
UKIP spokesman
General election voting under way
The aircraft was due to circle over Buckingham , where Mr Farage is standing as a candidate , trailing a banner , a UKIP spokesman said .
Mike Jose , Mr Farage 's assistant , said they had previously flown the plane and banner over the constituency without any problems .
Surveying the mangled metal of the aircraft , Det Ch Insp Martin Kinchin , of Northamptonshire Police , said : " I think you can make your own judgment as to how lucky they were .
" The people inside the plane were lucky to come out with not very serious injuries . "
White banner Describing how the crash happened , he said : " It is our belief that the plane had recently taken off from here and was manoeuvring back to the airfield . "
When asked if the UKIP banner had become tangled in the aircraft , causing the crash , he said it was too early to speculate .
The white banner , which landed several hundred metres from the plane , had been attached to it previously , he confirmed .
A UKIP spokesman said the pair were trapped in the plane hanging upside down after the crash , but were " talking , conscious and breathing " during the rescue operation .
Mr Adams , who is also Mr Farage 's campaign manager , said : " Apparently the plane nose - dived .
We had a banner attached to the back of the plane which basically got wrapped around the tail .
" The pilot had sent out a May Day signal and it basically crash dived .
It 's all a bit of a shock , especially on polling day . "
The airfield has now been closed and the crash is due to be investigated by the Air Accident Investigation Branch , Northamptonshire Police said .
The aircraft , a PZL - 104 Wilga 35A , is a Polish fixed - wing aircraft which is reportedly owned by Sky Banners , in Walton - on - Thames , Surrey .
Mr Farage is a Member of the European Parliament , representing South East England .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Significant oil deposits just over six miles off the coast of Dublin may have the potential to provide Ireland 's entire oil needs for up to 12 years , according to a new report by Irish oil exploration company Providence Resources .
Providence ’s findings suggests that an area just off the coast in the Kish Bank Basin , known to developers as the Dalkey Island exploration prospect , could contain as much as 870 million barrels of oil .
It 's estimated that Ireland currently consumes 200,000 barrels of oil per day .
If even a third of that figure ( up to 300 million barrels ) of the potential oil is recoverable , it could be worth up to € 18.7 billion ( $ 25 m ) Despite some real excitement about the find , especially in the light of Ireland 's current economic woes , Providence is distancing itself from overly optimistic guesswork .
Providence chief executive , Tony O’Reilly explained : “ We can not put potential values on these wells .
The reality is that we and our partners are the ones taking the risks and putting up the capital . ”
" Until we begin drilling , there is no guarantee that there is anything down there .
That said , we are delighted that our analysis of the Kish Bank Basin has revealed the presence of a large untested structure that warrants further investigation .
" The Dalkey Island exploration prospect presents the potential for a large oil accumulation in shallow water off the east coast of Ireland .
The partners have agreed on a focused work program aimed at further de-risking this prospect , prior to any drilling program . "
The term ' de - risking ' means there will need to be further tests to remove any doubts about the viability of the oil find .
Drilling costs will total € 112 million ( $ 150 m )
Providence and its Malaysian partner Star Energy Group each hold a 50 percent stake in the licensing rights for Kish Bank Basin .
Previous exploration drilling in this field has confirmed the potential for petroleum generation with oil shows seen in a number of wells together with natural hydrocarbon seeps recorded from airborne surveys .
“ It is early days yet , ” added Tony O’Reilly .
" Hopefully we wo n’t be the only ones doing the drilling .
The more drilling the better .
That is true for both Providence and for Ireland .
There have not been enough wells drilled off the coast of Ireland .
We hope this will bring bigger companies to Ireland . ”
Providence ’s optimism about the find is boosted by the presence of rich oil reservoirs at the same level in the eastern Irish Sea off the coast of nearby Liverpool .
The office of the Dalai Lama has been targeted before A " complex cyber - espionage " network that penetrated various organisations including the Office of the Dalai Lama , has been uncovered by researchers .
The shadow network targeted government , business , and academic computers at the United Nations and the Embassy of Pakistan in the US , among others .
It was used to steal at least 1,500 emails from the Office of the Dalai Lama , the researchers said .
The attacks were thought to originate in the city of Chengdu in China .
Specifically , the researchers , from the Information Warfare Monitor and the Shadowserver Foundation , said they had evidence of " links between the Shadow network and two individuals living in Chengdu " .
Information Warfare Monitor comprises researchers from Ottawa - based think tank SecDev Group and the University of Toronto 's Munk Centre for International Studies .
Have a look at that report and make up your mind whether you think it is groundless
Ron Diebert
The individuals were identified by e-mail addresses and are thought to be part of China 's " underground hacking community " .
The network was outlined in a report called Shadows in the Cloud .
" The social media clouds of cyberspace we rely upon today have a dark , hidden core , " said Professor Ron Diebert , director of the Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto 's Munk Centre , launching the report .
" There is a vast , subterranean ecosystem to cyberspace within which criminal and espionage networks thrive . "
He said the network had reached into the " upper echelons of the Indian security establishment " and should act as a " wake up call " to governments to co-operate on cybersecurity .
Social exploits
The team said its eight - month investigation showed no " hard evidence " of the involvement of the government of the People 's Republic of China , " An important question to be entertained is whether the PRC will take action to shut the Shadow network down , " the report said .
Major cyber spy network uncovered China 's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu told a press conference that the country was " firmly opposed " to hacking " We have from time to time heard this kind of news .
I do n't know the purpose of stirring up these issues , " she said .
She added the researchers have not formally contacted China , although the researchers said they had contacted the country 's Computer Emergency Response Team ( Cert ) .
" We would expect that kind of statement , " said Professor Diebert .
" Have a look at that report and make up your mind whether you think it is groundless . "
The researchers said that the network - known as a botnet - exploited social networking and cloud computing platforms , " including Google , Baidu , Yahoo , and Twitter " to infect computers with malicious software , or malware .
This allowed hackers to take control of the PCs of several foreign ministries and embassies across the world .
A more complex network of " command and control " computers was used to control the infect computers .
' Secret contents '
In 2009 , the team previously exposed GhostNet , a massive network that was found to have infiltrated 1,295 computers in 103 countries .
That investigation had started at the request of the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader .
The new investigation showed that his office had been targeted again , with more than 1,500 letters sent from the Dalai Lama 's office between January and November 2009 recovered by the team .
The researchers said that they had also recovered a number of documents that were in the possession of the Indian government , including two documents marked " secret " , six as " restricted " , and five as " confidential " .
Recovered documents included Canadian visa applications .
The team said they had no direct evidence that they had been stolen form Indian Government computers .
Instead , they said , the documents may have been stolen after being copied onto personal computers .
In addition , the researchers found evidence that the hackers had targeted the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacifc ( UNESCAP ) .
However the team said the hackers had been largely " indiscriminate in what they took " .
" The attackers disproportionately took sensitive information but also took financial and personal information , " the team said at launch .
The team said the investigation is ongoing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Senior police officers have launched a ferocious attack on David Cameron 's law and order plans , warning that they will corrupt the traditions of British policing and undermine public confidence in the justice system .
Influential figures including Sir Hugh Orde , president of the Association of Chief Police Officers , former Scotland Yard commissioner Sir Ian Blair and the head of the Police Superintendents ' Association ( PSA ) have condemned Cameron 's plans for directly elected police chiefs , a move that reflects the Tories ' desire to decentralise control to local communities .
Sir Paul Stephenson , the current head of Scotland Yard , is also said to be " extremely perturbed " about the Conservatives ' election proposals .
Police chiefs warn that the Tory leader 's plans will destroy the fundamental principles of British policing , impair its global reputation and risk political interference in operational decisions .
Some believe that a Conservative government intent on directly elected commissioners could precipitate mass resignations .
Senior officers met Chris Grayling , the shadow home secretary , to air their grievances , but say their concerns were rejected .
Last week 's party manifesto launch confirmed the Conservatives ' commitment to replacing police authorities with directly elected individuals who would decide " policing priorities for local communities " and exercise control over forces ' budget and strategy .
Police chiefs , fearing their operational independence would be imperilled , believe the public should be alerted to the Tory plans , a move that leaves Cameron facing a potential mutiny from senior officers if the Tories win the election .
Orde even warned that the Conservatives ' election pledge would compromise public safety .
He said : " The simple question is , ' Does it make us better at keeping safe ? '.
Part of that is public confidence and the public must have confidence in a system of oversight , and I think much of that confidence stems from the fact that oversight is independent in the sense that it is not one elected person .
If you want to change pretty much 200 years of policing tradition , there needs to be a full and open debate . "
Derek Barnett , president of the PSA , which represents 1,600 senior officers , accused the Tories of playing politics with policing : " The public has a high degree of confidence in the police , particularly in relation to other public servants , and that should not be jeopardised for political ideology . "
He warned that Cameron 's doctrine to decentralise control did not work for police forces : " Policing is so fundamentally important to a free society , a peaceful society , that to play politics with the way it is organised and managed and financed , to me is not the right approach . "
Blair , who resigned as Metropolitan Police commissioner in 2008 amid claims Tory London mayor Boris Johnson had forced him out for political reasons , said the Conservatives had failed to grasp the right solution : " The understanding of what the police do and do n't do is getting very frayed .
There is clearly a problem .
My view is that the Conservatives have leapt to a solution too quickly . "
Orde , the second most senior officer in the country after Stephenson , reiterated that he would step down if he were a chief constable forced to work under Cameron 's plans .
" I could not work in a system where I could be told how to deliver policing , " said the former Northern Ireland chief constable .
Blair also warned that the Conservatives ' plans were similar to the US policing model , but appeared to lack the checks and balances deemed necessary in America .
He said : " It has a whole series of checks and balances about the way in which police chiefs are appointed , including hearings and so on , that are n't in the Conservative proposals at all . "
Chief superintendent Barnett added that it was time for the views of the police to be aired : " Parties are elected to government and we accept that .
If what they want to do is unpopular with us , then we have a right to say so .
If that means we are uncomfortable , we will say so .
" Can you imagine the sort of people who must be now sitting there rubbing their hands thinking , ' I want to be their elected commissioner ? ' "
A Tory spokesperson said : " We plan to significantly reduce the level of interference by the government in day - to - day policing .
We want to be absolutely clear that elected commissioners will not have operational control over policing .
But if we are to push more power and responsibility away from the Home Office and down to the front line , we also have to strengthen democratic accountability in individual force areas . "
Australia Sunday defended its plan to block some Internet content , such as that featuring child sex abuse or advocating terrorism , after a media rights watchdog warned it may hurt free speech .
Australia Sunday defended its plan to block some Internet content , such as that featuring child sex abuse or advocating terrorism , after a media rights watchdog warned it may hurt free speech .
The Paris - based Reporters Without Borders ( RSF ) on Friday listed Australia , along with South Korea , Turkey and Russia , as countries " under surveillance " in its " Internet Enemies " report .
While Australia does not rank alongside Iran or North Korea in terms of censorship , its proposal to place a mandatory filter on the web to remove illegal and extreme material has raised concerns , RSF said .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy wants Internet service providers ( ISPs ) to filter the web to bring the online world in line with censorship standards applied in Australia to material such as films , books and DVDs .
" The government does not support Refused Classification ( RC ) content being available on the Internet , " a spokeswoman for the minister told AFP .
" This content includes child sexual abuse imagery , bestiality , sexual violence , detailed instruction in crime , violence or drug use and / or material that advocates the doing of a terrorist act . "
Under Australia 's existing classification rules , this material is not available in news publications or libraries , and cannot be viewed at the cinema or on television and is not available on Australian - hosted websites .
" The government 's proposal will bring the treatment of overseas - hosted content into line by requiring ISPs to block overseas content that has been identified as being RC - rated , " she said .
" There are no plans to block any other material that is not RC , " she added .
But Geordie Guy , spokesman for the online rights group Electronic Frontiers Australia , said the filter was still a bad idea .
" In the construction of a censorship system like this , Australia will be building the framework for a broader censorship system if this government , or any future government , sees that that is what they wish to do , " he told AFP .
Guy said despite concerns about whether the filter will be possible to implement for technical reasons , from a rights perspective it was still a worrying development in an open and democratic country .
Explore further Australia defends controversial web filter
( c ) 2010 AFP
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Tuesday he was satisfied with the pace of U.S. planning to counter the threat posed by Iran ’s nuclear program , brushing aside Republican charges of a strategic vacuum .
Pentagon war planners are drawing up military options should President Barack Obama decide to use force against Iran , even though Gates and other U.S. military leaders have made clear that it would be the option of last resort should sanctions and diplomacy fail .
Gates ’s comments , at a joint news conference with visiting Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , appeared aimed at reassuring U.S. lawmakers and overseas allies that the Obama administration is moving swiftly to craft a workable strategy .
“ I ’m very satisfied with the planning process , both within this building and in the inter-agency .
We spend a lot of time on Iran and we ’ll continue to do so , ” Gates said at the Pentagon , the headquarters of the U.S. military .
Republicans and some Democrats in Congress have complained that it is unclear how far the Obama administration would be willing to go to stop Iran from getting a nuclear bomb .
The United States and other Western powers assert that Iran ’s nuclear program is aimed at making weapons , but Tehran says it is for peaceful purposes .
Gates on April 18 said he had sent a secret memorandum to the White House in January identifying “ next steps ” in the U.S. planning process to curb Iran ’s nuclear program , but denied the memo represented a “ wake up call ” that the United States lacks an effective strategy toward Iranian atomic ambitions .
Barak on Tuesday voiced satisfaction , at least for now , with the U.S. focus on curbing Iran ’s nuclear program using diplomatic and economic sanctions rather than military force .
“ The time is clearly at this stage ... for sanctions and diplomacy , ” Barak told reporters with Gates at his side .
‘ LIMITED IN TIME ’
But underlining Israeli concerns that the United States may drag out the process , Barak said Israel expected any new U.N. and bilateral sanctions imposed on Iran to be “ effective and to be limited in time so we will be able to judge to whether , what kind of results , stem from the sanctions regime . ”
While directing the Pentagon to have military options ready should Obama call for them , Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. military ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff , has said policymakers face difficult choices in trying to keep Iran from getting a nuclear bomb without setting off a broader conflict .
While the military options available to Obama would go “ a long way ” to delaying Iran ’s nuclear progress , they may not set the country back long - term , Mullen recently told an audience at Columbia University in New York .
Michele Flournoy , U.S. under secretary of defense for policy , said on April 21 military force was “ an option of last resort , ” and added : “ It is not on the table in the near term . ”
Senator John McCain , a leading Republican who lost to Obama in the 2008 U.S. presidential election , has called the U.S. mixed messages a sign that “ we do not have a coherent policy . ”
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who met Barak earlier on Tuesday , said Washington was seeking tough new sanctions to “ sharpen the choices that Iran ’s leaders face . ”
Over the weekend , Iran ’s foreign minister and the director general of the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency met in Vienna but made no progress in advancing a months - old plan for Iran to ship some of its low - enriched uranium out of the country to be turned into fuel for a medical research reactor .
“ So far as we are aware based on the readout of the meeting between the Iranian foreign minister and the director general of the IAEA , there was nothing new that was presented , ” Clinton told reporters during a meeting with a visiting European Union official .
“ Iran ’s continued disregard for its international obligations underscores the importance of united international pressure to change its policies , ” Clinton added .
“ The United States is working with our partners ... on tough new sanctions that will further sharpen the choices that Iran ’s leaders face . ”
You Just Bought a Gun ?
Whatever You Do , Do n’t Shoot It !
by Greg Perry by Greg Perry Recently by Greg Perry : Smokey the Bear Had It Right
For some reason , maybe you recently bought a gun .
Perhaps you want to participate in the only sport endorsed by the Founding Fathers : shooting .
Perhaps you think guns are easier to obtain today than they will be in the future so you did n’t want to risk waiting .
Perhaps you wanted one more gun than you already had .
( That by the way always seems to be our need , does n’t it ? )
Now what do you do ?
If you are like most people , you ca n’t wait to shoot it .
But stop right there !
Shooting it is the last thing you should do !
Care Now Extends the Life Later
Resist the temptation to shoot your new gun .
Resist the temptation to shoot a used gun you just purchased also .
Instead , you can spend a few moments now that will pay dividends forever .
You actually can extend the life of your gun and help to restore life to a used gun that might have some barrel problems before you take the first shot .
It matters not if your gun is a rifle or handgun .
It matters not if your gun is brand new , fairly new , or old .
Whatever weapon you purchased , you are about to make it a better weapon .
Lew Rockwell readers are perhaps the most familiar with the concept of pay now to reduce paying more later .
When George W. Bush said he would save the economy with the TARP bailout , wise Lew Rockwell readers knew that the cure was far worse than the short - term pain we would endure if the economy crashed then instead of crashing later with TARP making the crash much worse .
When Obama wanted to save the economy by taking control of the banks , car makers , and your family doctor , Lew Rockwell readers knew that whatever might happen without that government spending was highly preferred over the far worse outcome that the government takeovers will produce .
Keep that in mind as you read the rest of this article .
Keep that in mind as you ’re out there wanting to shoot a case of ammo in your new gun when I warn you not to … not quite yet .
It turns out that extremely simple cleaning of your barrel , in a systematic way for your new gun , extends the life and makes your weapon more accurate .
Before the First Shot
Some guns , such as the Ruger 10 / 22 rifle , can come from the factory with junk in the barrel .
This junk might be micro shavings of steel or interior barrel coatings .
Although the Ruger 10 / 22 is known for this , to be fair to Ruger perhaps they have changed their policy and they now thoroughly clean each and every barrel before boxing the rifle for sale .
But I ’ve not read of Ruger doing this .
Why take the chance ?
Actually , no matter what gun you buy , why take the chance ?
That new Glock , XD , or 1911 pistol is ready to shoot out of the box , but why would you want to risk some fouling in the barrel of some kind when 5 minutes or less takes care of the problem ?
And especially if your weapon is used , you truly have no idea what is in the barrel .
You have no idea if the previous owner cleaned the barrel with something silly like WD - 40 ( which as a general rule , you never use on a gun ) .
Or perhaps the previous owner shot extremely fouling ammo that left traces and residue not typically left by traditional store - bought or properly - reloaded ammo .
So do this before you shoot one round : Clean your gun ’s barrel .
It does n’t have to be a deep cleaning .
Just a standard , quick cleaning .
For the newbies , I ’ll go through the process so you wo n’t fear doing too much or not enough .
Simple Cleaning is Quick and Easy
Get a cleaning kit that contains a brass brush sized for your gun ’s caliber , cleaner or solvent ( such as Hoppe ’s # 9 ) , and gun oil .
It is best if you always clean from chamber to muzzle so a cleaning kit from Otis allows this .
Instead of a rod Otis offers a plastic - coated stiff wire onto which you can screw brushes and patch holders .
With a rod you have to enter at the muzzle and go back and forth to clean your barrel which is not optimum .
While at the store , pick up some dry oil ( graphite based I believe ) such as Remington Dry Lube .
First , insert a patch in your cleaning wire or rod and put a few drops of solvent on it .
Run this through your barrel slowly .
Then put the brush on your cleaning wire or rod and put a couple of drops of solvent on the brush .
Run it through slowly .
Depending on the brush and barrel , your brush might have a tendency to turn as you pull it out of the muzzle .
Let it turn !
It is turning due to the rifling inside your barrel .
Some argue you should not turn as you remove a brush because holding the brush firmly forces the brush into places it otherwise would n’t go .
With guns there is always another opinion .
Many will disagree and say this entire article is unneeded .
So be it .
Either do it and be safe or do n’t , it ’s your gun , but I always will clean before my first shot and follow the pattern I am about to explain to you immediately after the first shot .
The cost is only a little time , extremely little cleaning fluid , and the return is enough to offset those small risks for me .
I want my guns to work well .
Now that you ran an initial wet patch and brush through the barrel , start running a new patch through your barrel , over and over , until it comes out without any black or gray soil .
Your barrel is now clean .
This might be 2 patches or 20 patches .
If you get close to 8 or 9 patches and they still bring out black , it might be worth running another wet brass brush through your barrel once more to loosen the extra gunk in there and then return to the dry patches until one comes out clean .
Here ’s a tip you ’ll thank me for later :
Get a bore - snake for your caliber and run it through 2 or 3 times after the brush .
Your patches will come out clean far sooner and your barrel cleaning time should be cut in half on the average .
Your Initial Cleaning is Only Step One
Now , you must shoot your gun — one time .
Not twice !
Load one round and shoot it .
Do not load more than one round !
Do not insert a full magazine !
One round means one round .
Semi-automatics always have a risk — albeit a low risk — of turning full auto due to improper handling and unintentional gunsmithing ( or in some cases intentional gunsmithing ) .
The first time you shoot a new or used semi-auto , never load more than 2 rounds or you risk your weapon shooting full auto .
The risk is small but I know of no disagreements in the gun community on this possibility .
When you are new to a gun you certainly do n’t want the uncertainty of it turning into full auto the first time you pull the trigger .
So just load one round and shoot it .
You ’ll get to shoot more later .
Now clean your gun again !
Yes , it ’s a hassle .
Yes , it ’s the last thing you want to do .
But it ’s best for your weapon .
If you live somewhere you can walk onto your back porch and shoot anything you can pull a trigger on , you are as fortunate as I am .
But if you must go to a range to shoot , it is a real hassle to clean your gun , go to the line and shoot one round , then clean it again !
I hate it !
And it requires you take all your cleaning stuff to the range with you .
But is n’t a lifetime of better shooting worth this initial effort ?
A Cleaning Pattern Emerges
Once you clean your barrel again after that initial shot , load two rounds .
Not three rounds !
This is where you will learn if your gun has the full auto problem .
Load two and only two rounds .
If your weapon is magazine - fed , put two in the magazine and only two .
Go to the line , rack the slide to load your first round , and shoot .
If your gun is a semi-auto , the second round should load .
Shoot it now .
If you have the full - auto problem , you will know when you shoot the first round !
You will get a double - shot — quite a surprise .
If this happens , put your weapon back in its box immediately and take it to where you bought it if from a store , or take it to a gunsmith if you bought it from an individual , and get it fixed immediately .
Fortunately , as I said earlier , the odds of this happening are extremely rare .
But it needs to be fixed .
And by loading only 2 rounds you protected yourself and those around you from an embarrassing spray of bullets !
Assuming your gun worked properly , after you shot two rounds and cleaned your gun , load three rounds .
Shoot three rounds .
Clean your gun again .
Now load and shoot four rounds .
Clean your gun again .
Now load and shoot five rounds .
Clean your gun again .
Now you ’re done !
You can go to the line and shoot , shoot , shoot all you want .
Your barrel is properly broken in .
Old - time gunsmiths swear this procedure helps restore extremely used barrels too .
Others disagree .
But your time investment is so small , why not ?
When Done at the Range
After your first day of shooting your gun , it ’s time to start dreaming of the next gun you want to buy .
Within a day or two , be sure and clean your gun fully .
After a heavy shooting session , you want to clean your gun even if it ’s an AK that seems to like being dirty .
But for your new gun , at least you are finished with the shot one , clean , shoot two , clean , shoot three , clean , … pattern .
When cleaning after a heavy shooting session , you ’ll want to clean the chamber .
You possibly may want to clean the trigger assembly depending on how difficult or easy it is and how recommended it is to do so .
Always check the manual for proper cleaning requirements .
If your gun did not come with a manual , order one as they are all over GunBroker and even eBay .
When doing routine cleaning like this , your barrel could use a little oil .
Put a couple of drops onto a patch and run it through your barrel once after cleaning your barrel .
If it ’s a while before you shoot your gun again , this helps keep rust out of your barrel that wants to appear there .
Your chamber almost certainly needs cleaning and once you have brushed solvent there , you need to lubricate the chamber .
The problem is that oil sure causes junk to build up quickly there when you shoot again .
It ’s best most of the time to use a dry lube such as Remington Dry Lube so the build - up does n’t occur as badly but your chamber still gets lubricated .
But again , check your manual for proper cleaning instructions for your specific gun .
Some require greatly different techniques and cleaning procedures .
The great M1A for example , can have big problems with a too - lubed chamber .
Still , when breaking in the barrel for the first time , all guns basically will follow the initial barrel - cleaning procedure I outlined above : wet patch , wet brush , and dry patches , once , twice , thrice , and so on until five rounds are finished .
Restoring Your Own Gun Barrels
After you put 5,000 or 6,000 rounds down range with your gun , it never hurts to repeat the initial patterned cleaning once again .
Many swear you help restore your barrel and extend its life .
When you press that trigger , you want your gun to go BANG and not Click .
When your gun goes BANG you want your bullet to hit what you aim for .
This barrel break - in procedure will help ensure that .
The Best of Greg Perry
The Best of Greg Perry
Miniature motion sensors are everywhere these days , detecting the orientation of cell phones , deploying air bags in cars and measuring stresses in buildings and mechanical systems .
But manufacturing the sensors ’ tiny moving parts requires the same high - tech , billion - dollar facilities that churn out computer chips .
Researchers at MIT ’s Center for Bits and Atoms ( CBA ) have now built a motion sensor that consists of a tiny metal bead suspended in what the center ’s director , Neil Gershenfeld , describes as “ a hole drilled in a circuit board . ”
A fluctuating electric field holds the bead aloft , in a tight orbit , and disturbances of the orbit indicate the sensor ’s direction of motion .
Gershenfeld believes that the sensor opens the door to a new class of miniaturized devices that exploit the dynamics of simple physical systems instead of the mechanical interactions of precisely micromachined parts .
Such “ microdynamical ” devices , Gershenfeld says , could enable cheaper , simpler , more responsive sensors for a range of applications , including the measurement of sound , pressure , fluid - flow and magnetic fields .
The CBA researchers ’ device can do the work of at least six different micromechanical sensors .
It can measure linear motion in three dimensions , which would ordinarily require three accelerometers .
But it can also gauge its orientation — whether it ’s tipped sideways or forward , or it ’s been rotated — which would usually require an additional three gyroscopes .
A six - dimensional sensor would make the motion detection of handheld devices much more precise .
The Wii game controller , for instance , would n’t need an infrared emitter mounted to the television , and the Apple iPhone would change its screen orientation more reliably .
Rehmi Post , a visiting scientist at CBA who initiated the sensor project as a PhD student at MIT , points out that the three - axis accelerometer is the most expensive component of the Wii remote .
He believes that ultimately , a six - dimensional microdynamical sensor could be manufactured for about a tenth as much .
“ If they can get all six degrees out of it , it would be huge , ” says Michael Judy , a researcher at Analog Devices , the company that built the Wii ’s accelerometers .
“ That ’s the holy grail right now in the human interface to electronics . ”
Judy says that the application of motion sensing that has sparked the most interest is navigation in environments where GPS information is either unreliable or too imprecise .
For instance , local spatial tracking would let hospital workers immediately determine each other ’s locations , even on different floors of a large building .
Gershenfeld suggests some other applications , too : scrolling through web pages , or viewing a 3 - D virtual object from different angles , simply by moving a cell phone in space ; or pens that can digitally record whatever ’s written with them .
In the most recent issue of the journal Applied Physics Letters , Gershenfeld , Post and George Popescu , who worked on the project as a graduate student , describe how they built their microdynamical sensor .
At its heart is a particle trap , a device commonly used in experimental physics .
Physically , the trap is very simple : two metal plates on either side of a circuit board , with a hole about the diameter of an electrical wire drilled through them .
But a computer circuit hooked up to the plates exerts precise control over the electric field they produce .
The electric field , Gershenfeld explains , can be thought of as saddle - shaped : front to back , it curves upward at the ends , but side to side , it curves downward .
The field fluctuates as if it were rotating , and a particle at its center is like a marble on a warped turntable .
The marble starts to roll down one of the downward slopes , but the turntable revolves , and the marble finds itself rolling up an uphill slope instead .
When it falls back down the slope , it repeats the whole process on the opposite side of the turntable , and so on .
A particle in the trap is thus not perfectly still but rapidly oscillating as , in effect , it rolls back and forth between upward slopes .
Each of the six types of motion detected by a complete set of accelerometers and gyros disturbs the particle in a distinctive way .
“ It ’s great research , ” says Judy .
“ It has a lot of possibilities .
But it needs a lot of work . ”
He points out , for instance , that generating the electric field in the prototype sensor required voltages in the vicinity of 1,000 volts .
Building up that kind of voltage in a handheld device is n’t impossible , but it can introduce power inefficiencies :
“ The higher the voltage , the more power you burn to get it , ” Judy says .
Post , however , observes that the lenses in cell phone cameras typically require about 100 volts and that existing technology can generate that type of voltage efficiently .
And a commercial version of the sensor would probably use a smaller particle trap , he says : “ The necessary voltage decreases as the diameter of the trap decreases .
” Another unresolved question , however , is how to measure the particle ’s oscillation .
In their prototype , the CBA researchers used a miniature camera , and Gershenfeld says that incorporating an optical sensor into a practical , mass - producible device is an engineering challenge “ on the order of the optics of a CD player . ”
In the meantime , however , the researchers are working on a version of the device in which the metal bead is mounted on a wire that can directly relay electrical information about its oscillation .
The wire would restrict the particle ’s motion in one dimension , but the sensor would be easier to manufacture , and it would still be useful in cars or other vehicles that tend not to suddenly launch into the air .
Brett Lee 's hopes of making an international comeback have been dashed by a muscle strain in his right forearm that will force him out of the ICC World Twenty20 .
Lee suffered the problem during Australia 's one - run warm - up loss to Zimbabwe and the team has requested a replacement player , likely to be either Doug Bollinger or Ryan Harris .
The injury is a major blow for Lee , who has not played for his country since October and was making his return from elbow surgery .
Lee felt pain after taking 1 for 13 in four overs and later had MRI scans , and a team spokesman said the strain was unrelated to his elbow trouble .
" It 's a muscle strain , " the team spokesman told AAP .
" We have gone to the ICC Technical Committee to ask for a replacement player . "
The latest problem will raise further questions over the future of Lee , 33 , who retired from Tests in February but wanted to remain a key Twenty20 and one - day player .
A broken thumb curtailed his IPL season and although he retained his Cricket Australia contract , his ongoing injury worries must be a concern for the team management .
Australia play their second warm - up game against the Windward Islands on Thursday before their opening match of the tournament proper against Pakistan on Sunday .
Bollinger and Harris are the front - runners to replace Lee , having both had strong summers in the shorter formats .
We have recently seen an oil rig burn and sink to the Gulf floor that left a gaping hole to leak millions of gallons of crude oil into our oceans .
This will leave a big scar on our environment for a very long time to come .
We all know hemp is a highly renewable resource that can be used to make thousands of products including products that we use crude oil for .
It is time that the U.S. allowed farmers to start growing hemp .
Allowing hemp to be grown will not only create a new market it will also create jobs , and tax revenue , it will help us cut down on our dependence on oil , foreign or domestic .
Hemp oil can be used in place of crude oil for many products , it is a green product and environmentally safer than crude oil .
Expanding offshore drilling instead of investing in renewable energies like hemp oil is not the way to go .
We 've noticed that you do n't have the Flash plug - in installed , it is required to view all of the features of this page .
You can clickto download the flash plug - in for free .
Alternatively you can see a basic , non -flash version of this page below .
Click here to see more photos of the grey whale in False Creek
VANCOUVER - False Creek 's newest resident , a mature 12 - metre grey whale , is in healthy condition and thought to be feeding on herring , according to the Department of Fisheries and Oceans .
The whale is believed to be the same one spotted feeding near Squamish over the last two weeks , said Paul Cottrell , the department 's marine mammal co-ordinator .
" The herring spawn this year has been greater than in previous years so I think that brings in the marine mammals , " he said Thursday .
" It seems to be in good health .
There are no indication there are any problems at this time .
It is a bit odd it went into False Creek but again it may be related to the food , " Cottrell added .
He said in recent years herring have returned to the small inlet where industrial waste once laid claim to its bottom .
Click on the box below to watch this related video .
Vancouver whale sighting sparks concerns
The whale was first spotted Wednesday afternoon in False Creek swimming just off the Granville Island public market .
By the evening it had made two trips toward the Cambie Street Bridge , including an apparent attempt to catch more herring .
" A sailboat started rocking and rolling and the whale surfaced between the docks .
It was unbelievable .
It came right up did the blow hole thing .
You could see the boat getting tossed , then the whale came up and came parallel with the boat and took off , " said Doug Williams , a realtor who was at Stamps Landing pub watching on television the Vancouver Canucks game that was being played just on the other side of False Creek at GM Place .
The whale reappeared in False Creek early Thursday morning and was subsequently spotted in English Bay near Jericho Beach around 9 a.m.
Cottrell said the whale was then seen off the shores of West Vancouver around 1 p.m .
The whales mate and give birth along the Baja peninsula during the winter and head north during the spring to the Bering Sea to feed .
Along the way it is not uncommon for them to stop in the Pacific Northwest to snack on crustaceans and small fish , Cottrell said .
He noted that his department can tell the grey whale is feeding because it was bringing mud up to the surface .
This , he said , indicates the whale is filtering the ocean floor to push out all the critters in what is called benthic feeding .
" The animal is just foraging on its way and will likely move on when the food gets a bit sparse , " Cottrell said .
He also said over the last few weeks about 150 Pacific white - sided dolphins have been feeding on herring in Howe Sound , which is another rare sight for the area .
" It 's a very good sign , " he said .
According to Cottrell , DFO and the Coast Guard had two boats monitoring the whale along Vancouver 's shores on Wednesday and Thursday .
However , they were not following it closely other than the times it came into False Creek .
Each day officers documented the whale 's movements and made sure boaters did n't get too close , which is forbidden under federal law .
" As a rule of thumb the maximum approach distance is 100 meters .
If you 're getting closer than that you 're likely impacting the whale , " he said .
Click here to see more photos of the grey whale in False Creek .
Click on the box below to watch a related video .
I wrote this list because as a writer and an artist there is nothing better than cranking the music and watching the creation that comes about .
I noticed I tend to like the longer songs , or epics ( as well as just listening to the entire album ) , as they let me get into groove that I just ca n’t get from a three minute production of nowadays music .
Maintaining a song for a length over ten minutes is a challenge that requires dedication , creativity , and a rediscovery within the song itself so that it is unique every time it is listened to .
Optimally , Jazz would be the best genre to find ten minute ventures , but the few that exist in rock music are harder to come across and have an atmosphere all their own .
Hopefully , it should take you approximately two and a half hours to make it through this list ( of course comments with suggestions are welcome ) .
In no particular order , here are the ten best examples of rock songs exceeding ten minutes done right .
10 2112 Rush , 20:33
2112 is the title track from Canadian progressive rock band Rush ’s album of the same name , released in 1976 .
The overture and the first section , Temples of Syrinx , were released as a single and are still popular among Rush ’s setlists today .
The song tells of one man discovering the magic of music through a guitar ( as evidenced in the song by him tuning the guitar ) .
In this world , or rather galaxy , everything is under control by the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx .
9 Machine Gun Jimi Hendrix , 12:36
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NTh07MYqMA
Written as a 1970 protest of the Vietnam War and released on his live album : Band of Gypsys , Jimi ’s frenetic outbursts in this song echo the very sentiment he was trying to get across .
The atmosphere created by the guitar arrangement is nothing short of spectacular , with drums and quick picking creating bursts of machine gun fire throughout the song .
8 Octavarium Dream
Theater ,
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BPm1wc7FQY
Octavarium is a song from progressive metal band Dream Theater .
The song revolves around a central theme of everything ends where it begins .
For those that know music , this is echoed in the title as an octave is the interval between one musical pitch and another with half or double its frequency .
The song is divided into five parts .
Each part has its own allusions and references to various other artists such as Pink Floyd ( one part begins and ends with a reference to Pink Floyd ) .
The song goes on to emphasize cyclical nature of all things , as well as the album , as it begins where it ends , using the same melody as the end to the first track .
7 Marquee Moon Television , 10:40
Somewhere the line was inscribed in asphalt between punk and jam bands , and Television crossed it valiantly .
At the forefront of this is their title track Marquee Moon from the album of the same name .
With the twin attack of Tom Verlaine and Richard Lloyd on guitar comes a rhythmical assault of punk but this all gets turned on its head at the epic climax of this song .
In concert , the band has sometimes extended the song to as long as fifteen minutes .
6 Starless King Crimson , 12:16
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SPIZGmn5lM&feature=related
Taking an incentive from the band ’s previous album , Starless borrows some of its lines from their fifth album , “ Starless and Bible Black , ” to make its chorus .
The latter half of the song becomes a jam session that likens itself to other songs by King Crimson .
The saxophone solo is similar to that of 21st Century Schizoid Man , the band ’s biggest hit , which was also included on Guitar Hero 5 .
5 Child in Time Deep Purple , 10:18
Written by the band in 1969 , it is said by the band members themselves to have been inspired by a riff featured in a song by the Psychedelic band It ’s a Beautiful Day , called “ Bombay Calling . ”
As Ian Gillan put it , Jon Lord at practice just said ‘ Oh , Have you heard that new album by It ’s A Beautiful Day ? ’
He just started to play the lick much slower .
The song was said to have been written in 10 minutes .
Child in Time is a very straightforward composition .
Divided into two sections , each section section builds up until the next section or the end of the song .
Singer Ian Gillian utilizes his full vocal range and goes from your quiet sing - a- long to a loud , high - pitched , banshee - esque screaming .
4 Maggot Brain Funkadelic , 10:20
It ’s purely a coincidence that this song is two seconds longer than the previous entry on this list , but this song , quite frankly , is an amazing display of guitar - playing recorded in one take .
With an opening monologue that sets the tone in this funk psychedelia , Eddie Hazel , supposedly told by George Clinton , who , under the influence of LSD , told Hazel to play the song like his mother had just died and to play the second half as if he had found out she was alive .
3 Echoes Pink Floyd , 23:31
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLJ_QVfT_wM
Though this song is featured on Top Ten Pink Floyd Songs , I feel it has rightly earned its place here ( coming in at our second longest song ) .
Echoes , the end track on Pink Floyd ’s “ Meddle , ” their last album before the vaunted success of Dark Side of the Moon , is a composition of lengthy instrumental passages , sound effects , and musical improvisation .
Written by all four members of the group , the extent at which to produce all of the content heard is insurmountable to any other song up here .
2 Achilles Last Stand Led Zeppelin , 10:25
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFRFtnTd620
Achilles Last Stand is famous for John Bonham ’s powerful drumming , John Paul Jones ’s galloping bass line , which is played on a custom built Alembic eight string bass , and Jimmy Page ’s overdubbed orchestral guitar arrangement .
Written in 1975 about Plant ’s experience in Morocco and an injury he sustained from a car accident , thus giving the song its name ( and also working title , The Wheelchair Song ) .
Plant ’s lyrics were also inspired by some of the poetry he was reading at the time , which includes William Blake ( a bonus for me since I ’m a poet and possess some of his work ) .
On a side note , Jimmy Page has been quoted stating that “ Achilles Last Stand ” is his favorite song .
1 Voodoo Chile Jimi Hendrix , 14:59
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXqxXrjoOf0
And now for the obligatory salute to the luminary that was Jimi Hendrix .
Voodoo Chile stands as his ( almost ) fifteen minute venture into the unable - to - be - tamed beast that is psychedelic rock .
The song , basically a 15 - minute blues jam , evolved into the final product over the course of an hour .
After many of the late night Electric Ladyland recording sessions , Hendrix and the band went to one of the New York City clubs to jam with whoever was there .
One such jam at The Scene Club included Steve Winwood and Jack Casady .
Noel Redding was not present as he had stormed out of the Record Plant studio earlier that evening .
They spent the night playing “ Voodoo Chile ” , and when the club closed , Hendrix invited everyone back to the studio .
At about 7 a.m. the next morning they began to formally record ‘ Voodoo Chile . ’
It took only three takes and the final 15 minute version was Hendrix ’s longest studio recording .
Note : a common error made by listeners is that the song ’s name is Voodoo Child .
The word ‘ child ’ has been intentionally misspelled to mimic Hendrix ’s pronunciation of the word .
+ Desolation Row Bob Dylan , 11:21
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBC23mJluC4
And at the center of the shrubbery maze , we have one of the originators of epic rock , Bob Dylan .
Written in 1965 , it is the closing track to Dylan ’s sixth studio album , Highway 61 Revisited and has been covered by many artists , including a version by My Chemical Romance for the Watchmen film .
Suggestions over the exact location of “ Desolation Row ” include Dylan ’s response to an interviewer on a television press conference on December 3 , 1965 that it was “ someplace in Mexico ” and Al Kooper ’s ( who played organ and piano on the album ) assertion it was New York City ’s Eighth Avenue .
Honorable Mentions : Dogs – Pink Floyd , Pigs ( Three Different Ones ) – Pink Floyd , Babe , I ’m on Fire – Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , A Change in Seasons – Dream Theater , When the Music ’s Over – The Doors , Coma – Guns N’ Roses .
Tim O’Reilly , the founder and C.E.O. of O’Reilly Media , which publishes about two hundred e-books per year , thinks that the old publishers ’ model is fundamentally flawed .
“ They think their customer is the bookstore , ” he says .
“ Publishers never built the infrastructure to respond to customers . ”
Without bookstores , it would take years for publishers to learn how to sell books directly to consumers .
They do no market research , have little data on their customers , and have no experience in direct retailing .
With the possible exception of Harlequin Romance and Penguin paperbacks , readers have no particular association with any given publisher ; in books , the author is the brand name .
To attract consumers , publishers would have to build a single , collaborative Web site to sell e-books , an idea that Jason Epstein , the former editorial director of Random House , pushed for years without success .
But , even setting aside the difficulties of learning how to run a retail business , such a site would face problems of protocol worthy of the U.N. Security Council — if Amazon did n’t accuse publishers of price - fixing first .
The iBooks store seemed to provide a solution , which helps explain why five of the big - six publishers signed up without much apparent hesitation .
The only holdout was Random House , the largest of the big six .
Markus Dohle , the chairman and C.E.O. , said that he shared the concern about the price of e-books but believed that publishers are being hasty in making agency - model deals with Apple or Amazon .
“ The digital transition will take five to seven years , ” he said .
“ For me it ’s not a question of a week , or a hundred days . ”
Dohle , who is forty - one years old , rose as an executive on the printing side of Bertelsmann A.G. , the parent company of Random House , and moved to the U.S. in 2008 .
He believes that as an outsider he sees the challenges to the industry more clearly .
“ If you want to make the right decision for the future , fear is not a very good consultant , ” he said .
Before accepting “ a significant change in the business model , ” he wants to take time “ to talk to all our stakeholders , ” including authors , agents , and booksellers .
“ For us in the publishing industry , ” he said , “ Amazon has been the fastest - growing customer .
I think it ’s a great company . ”
He welcomes Apple ’s entrance into e-publishing , but says , “ If you do a deal with Apple on the agency model , then it means that you have to do agency deals with all other e-booksellers . ”
Michael Shatzkin , the C.E.O. of Idea Logical , a media - consulting firm , believes that Random House is holding out for a better deal .
So do many of Dohle ’s peers .
But Shatzkin , who writes a publishing blog , also noted on the blog that by maintaining the status quo—selling e-books to Amazon at hardcover prices and letting Amazon take a loss — Random House will be making the most of its short - term sales and profits .
“ Random House will collect more money for each e-book sold than their competitors do while the public will pay less for each Random House e-book , ” he wrote .
Dohle has also resisted “ windowing , ” the practice of delaying the release of e-books , which has become common among other publishers .
Windowing is n’t a new idea ; publishers have long withheld paperbacks to encourage hardcover sales , and in the movie business DVDs often appear a year after theatrical releases .
But with e-books windowing can act against the best interests of publishers and authors .
On January 11th , HarperCollins released the hardcover edition of “ Game Change , ” by John Heilemann and Mark Halperin ; the e-book did n’t go on sale until February 23rd .
The hardcover ’s first print run , seventy thousand copies , sold out soon after it was released , and for nearly three weeks bookstores around the country had no copies in stock .
The authors and the publisher were deprived of income , as potential readers found other books to buy .
Amazon ’s Russ Grandinetti thinks that windowing is a mistake .
“ It wo n’t work , ” he says .
“ Over time , people will read what they want .
When a book comes out , authors need all the publicity they can get .
To put up an arbitrary barrier and keep it out of the hands of someone who might evangelize that work is a bad business decision for the author .
Not to mention frustrating for the customer . ”
According to Grandinetti , publishers are asking the wrong questions .
“ The real competition here is not , in our view , between the hardcover book and the e-book , ” he says .
“ TV , movies , Web browsing , video games are all competing for people ’s valuable time .
And if the book does n’t compete we think that over time the industry will suffer .
Look at the price points of digital goods in other media .
I read a newspaper this morning online , and it did n’t cost me anything .
Look at the price of rental movies .
Look at the price of music .
In a lot of respects , teaching a customer to pay ten dollars for a digital book is a great accomplishment . ”
In Grandinetti ’s view , book publishers — like executives in other media — are making the same mistake the railroad companies made more than a century ago : thinking they were in the train business rather than the transportation business .
To thrive , he believes , publishers have to reimagine the book as multimedia entertainment .
David Rosenthal , the publisher of Simon & Schuster , says that his company is racing “ to embed audio and video and other value - added features in e-books .
It could be an author discussing his book , or a clip from a movie that touches on the book ’s topic . ”
The other major publishers are working on similar projects , experimenting with music , video from news clips , and animation .
Publishers hope that consumers will be willing to pay more for the added features .
The iPad , Rosenthal says , “ has opened up the possibility that we are no longer dealing with a static book .
You have tremendous possibilities . ”
It remains an open question whether consumers accustomed to paying $ 9.99 for an e-book will be willing to pay $ 13.99 , or more , regardless of extras .
Tim O’Reilly , the e-books publisher , has found that the lower the price the more books he sells .
O’Reilly ’s company sells e-books as apps for the iPhone for $ 4.95 , and he says that they generate “ a lot more volume ” and profit than his company loses in hardcover sales .
Jason Epstein believes that publishers have been handed a golden opportunity .
The agency model , he says , is really another form of the consortium he proposed a decade ago : “ Publishers will be selling digital books directly to the iPad .
They are using the iPad as a kind of universal warehouse . ”
By doing so , they create opportunities to cut payroll and overhead costs .
Epstein said that e-books could also restore editorial autonomy .
“ When I went to work for Random House , ten editors ran it , ” he said .
“ We had a sales manager and sales reps .
We had a bookkeeper and a publicist and a president .
It was hugely successful .
We did n’t need eighteen layers of executives .
Digitization makes that possible again , and inevitable . ”
Amazon seems to believe that in the digital world it might not need publishers at all .
In December , the Simon & Schuster author Stephen Covey sold Amazon the exclusive digital rights to two of his best - sellers , “ The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People ” and “ Principle - Centered Leadership . ”
The books were sold on Amazon by RosettaBooks , and Covey got more than half the net proceeds .
One publisher said , “ What it did for us was confirm that Amazon sees itself as much as a competitor as a retailer .
They have aspirations to be a publisher . ”
A close associate of Bezos puts it more starkly : “ What Amazon really wanted to do was make the price of e-books so low that people would no longer buy hardcover books .
Then the next shoe to drop would be to cut publishers out and go right to authors . ”
Last year , according to several literary agents , a senior Amazon executive asked for suggestions about whom Amazon might hire as an acquisitions editor .
Its Encore program has begun to publish books by self - published authors whose work attracts good reviews on Amazon.com .
And in January it offered authors who sold electronic rights directly to Amazon a royalty of seventy per cent , provided they agreed to prices of between $ 2.99 and $ 9.99 .
The offer , one irate publisher said , was meant “ to pit authors against publishers . ”
Grandinetti concedes that Amazon has tried to make more direct deals with authors : “ We ’re constantly looking for ways we can do something more efficiently . ”
He suggested that this was nothing new .
“ There ’s a long history of booksellers in the publishing business , ” he said , mentioning Barnes & Noble .
Major publishers , he points out , all sell books directly to consumers on their Web sites .
“ It seems like they ’re in our business , so it ’s a strange argument to worry about this in the other direction , ” he said .
But publishers ’ sales through their own Web sites are negligible , and though Barnes & Noble ’s publishing program antagonized publishers , it did not threaten a wholesale devaluation of their products .
O’Reilly believes that publishers have good reason to be anxious .
“ Amazon is a particularly farsighted , powerful , and ruthless competitor , ” he says .
“ I do n’t think we ’ve seen a business this competitive in the tech space since Microsoft . ”
For the time being , Apple ’s entrance into the book market has given publishers a reprieve .
A close associate of Bezos said , “ Amazon was thinking of direct publishing — until the Apple thing happened .
For now , it was enough of a threat that Amazon was forced to negotiate with publishers . ”
Asked to describe her foremost concern , Carolyn Reidy , of Simon & Schuster , said , “ In the digital world , it is possible for authors to publish without publishers .
It is therefore incumbent on us to prove our worth to authors every day . ”
But publishers have been slow to take up new technologies that might help authors .
Andrew Savikas , O’Reilly Media ’s vice - president for digital initiatives , is shocked that publishers have done so little to create digital applications for their books .
“ Nothing is stopping publishers from putting apps for books on iPhones , ” he said .
“ There are fifty million iPhones in the world .
That ’s a great customer base . ”
Budget - conscious publishers have also reduced the editing and marketing and other services they provide to authors , which has left a vacuum for others to fill .
Author Solutions , a self - publishing company in Bloomington , Indiana , has ninety thousand client - authors .
For books that attract commercial interest , the company has partnered with publishers like Harlequin to release them through traditional channels , but with more generous royalties .
Jane Friedman , who served as president and C.E.O. of HarperCollins , left in 2008 and established Open Road Integrated Media , an e-book venture .
She plans to acquire electronic rights to backlists , sign up new authors ( with fifty - per- cent profit - sharing ) , and form a self - publishing division .
“ The publishers are afraid of a retailer that can replace them , ” Friedman said .
“ An author needs a publisher for nurturing , editing , distributing , and marketing .
If the publishers are cutting back on marketing , which is the biggest complaint authors have , and Amazon stays at eighty per cent of the e-book market , why do you need the publisher ? ”
Publishers maintain that digital companies do n’t understand the creative process of books .
A major publisher said of Amazon , “ They do n’t know how authors think .
It ’s not in their DNA . ” Neither Amazon , Apple , nor Google has experience in recruiting , nurturing , editing , and marketing writers .
The acknowledgments pages of books are an efficiency expert ’s nightmare ; authors routinely thank editors and publishers for granting an extra year to complete a manuscript , for taking late - night phone calls , for the loan of a summer house .
These kinds of gestures are unlikely to be welcomed in cultures built around engineering efficiencies .
Good publishers find and cultivate writers , some of whom do not initially have much commercial promise .
They also give advances on royalties , without which most writers of nonfiction could not afford to research new books .
The industry produces more than a hundred thousand books a year , seventy per cent of which will not earn back the money that their authors have been advanced ; aside from returns , royalty advances are by far publishers ’ biggest expense .
Although critics argue that traditional book publishing takes too much money from authors , in reality the profits earned by the relatively small percentage of authors whose books make money essentially go to subsidizing less commercially successful writers .
The system is inefficient , but it supports a class of professional writers , which might not otherwise exist .
Madeline McIntosh , who is Random House ’s president for sales , operations , and digital , has worked for both Amazon and book publishers , and finds the two strikingly different .
“ I think we , as an industry , do a lot of talking , ” she said of publishers .
“ We expect to have open dialogue .
It ’s a culture of lunches .
Amazon does n’t play in that culture . ”
It has “ an incredible discipline of answering questions by looking at the math , looking at the numbers , looking at the data .
. . .
That ’s a pretty big culture clash with the word - and - persuasion - driven lunch culture , the author - oriented culture . ”
Most publishers mistrust Amazon and think it is unnecessarily secretive .
It wo n’t tell them details about customer habits , or the number of Kindles sold , or what it costs to make a Kindle .
It wo n’t even disclose the percentage of revenues its book sales represent , saying only that “ media ” — movies , music , and books — accounted for fifty - two per cent of sales in 2009 .
Publishers say that the negotiations with Apple were less contentious .
There were arguments over the price of e-books , with publishers wanting the top price set at seventeen dollars and Apple insisting on fifteen .
“ Once Apple had determined that they were going to accept the agency model , ” a publisher said , “ they were very tough : Take it or leave it . ”
But the Apple people “ had a much more agreeable feel than Amazon did .
They said they would share some consumer data about buying e-books .
We have no such data from Amazon . ”
Publishers have another recently converted ally : Google , which not long ago they saw as a mortal threat .
In October , 2004 , without the permission of publishers and authors , Google announced that , through its Google Books program , it would scan every book ever published , and make portions of the scans available through its search engine .
The publishing community was outraged , claiming that Google was stealing authors ’ work .
A consortium of publishers , along with the Authors Guild , filed a lawsuit , which was resolved only in the fall of 2008 , when Google agreed to pay a hundred and twenty - five million dollars to authors and publishers for the use of their copyrighted material .
John Sargent , who was part of the publishers ’ negotiating team , said the agreement is a huge accomplishment .
“ The largest player in the Internet game agreed that in order to have content you have to have a license for it and pay for it , and that the rights holder shall control the content , ” he said .
Whether or not the settlement is ultimately approved by the U.S. courts , Google will open an online e-books store , called Google Editions , by the middle of the year , Dan Clancy , the engineer who directs Google Books , and who will also be in charge of Google Editions , said .
Clancy said that the store ’s e-books , unlike those from Amazon or Apple , will be accessible to users on any device .
Google Editions will let publishers set the price of their books , he said , and will accept the agency model .
Having already digitized twelve million books , including out - of - print titles , Google will have a far greater selection than Amazon or Apple .
It will also make e-books available for bookstores to sell , giving “ the vast majority ” of revenues to the store , Clancy said .
He suggested that in trying to dominate the market Amazon and Apple were taking the wrong approach to business online .
“ It ’s much more of an open ecosystem , where you find a way for bricks - and - mortar stores to participate in the future digital world of books , ” he said .
“ We ’re quite comfortable having a diverse range of physical retailers , whereas most of the other players would like to have a less competitive space , because they ’d like to dominate . ”
For now , many publishers believe that they have won the chess match that Sargent started .
“ We have three behemoths now competing , ” the C.E.O. of one house said .
“ So one of them ca n’t force us to do anything unless the others go along . ”
Early sales of the iPad are promising : Apple said that more than three hundred thousand sold the first day , and analysts have guessed that between five and seven million will be sold this year .
And a dozen other digital reading devices were on display at the Consumer Electronics Show , in Las Vegas , in January , providing more competition for the Kindle .
Publishers have another reason to hope .
The recession has changed the thinking of Silicon Valley companies , shaking their faith in advertising as their only source of revenue .
YouTube has begun charging for some independent movies , in an effort to compete with Netflix , and its managers know that to succeed it must have professionally produced content that advertisers — and consumers — will pay for .
As digital companies begin charging for content , they are met in the middle by old - media companies looking for ways to charge for what they produce .
The incentives for old and new media to form partnerships seem to converge .
“ Ultimately , Apple is in the device — not the content — business , ” the Apple insider said .
“ Steve Jobs wants to make sure content people are his partner .
Steve is in the I win / you win school .
Jeff Bezos is in the I win / you lose school . ”
Jobs recently met separately with New York Times , Wall Street Journal , and Time Inc. executives to demonstrate the iPad ’s potential to make money for newspapers and magazines .
Jobs , who had a liver transplant last year and has battled pancreatic cancer , has begun to think about his legacy , the insider said .
“ He ’s in a hurry to create in the next two years what he may have been thinking about in the next ten years .
What keeps him going is his vision .
Nothing is going to stop him , except death . ”
The insider said that Jobs was pleased with his advocacy of publishers : “ He feels like he ’s their champion . ”
For the moment , Jobs is the publishers ’ best ally .
“ Steve is very proud that Macmillan put a gun to Amazon ’s head , ” the insider said .
But in the long term Apple and Google will not necessarily be better partners than Amazon .
One day , they , too , will complain about the cumbersome publishing process , or excessive prices .
Just days before the iPad went on sale , on April 3rd , there were rumors that Apple might list best - sellers for as little as $ 9.99 .
Apple agreed to the agency model for just one year , and , as publishers are acutely aware , Jobs has a history , with music and television companies , of fighting to reduce prices .
One publisher said , “ Maybe Apple will want to come back in a year and bite our heads off . ”
The iPad may even make it possible for Amazon to reach new consumers .
Apple now offers about sixty thousand e-books , far fewer than Kindle does , and Amazon has launched an app that allows it to sell e-books on the iPad .
No matter where consumers buy books , their belief that electronic media should cost less — that something you ca n’t hold simply is n’t worth as much money — will exert a powerful force .
Asked about publishers ’ efforts to raise prices , a skeptical literary agent said , “ You can try to put on wings and defy gravity , but eventually you will be pulled down . ” ♦
* The original piece described publishers ’ costs incorrectly .
In this Boing Boing Video exclusive , South Park co-creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker speak with Boing Boing 's Xeni Jardin on the eve of the 200th episode of the hit Comedy Central series .
Stone and Parker reveal their plans to revisit battles over the boundaries of what can and cannot be done on television — including a quest to see just how many celebrities they can manage to piss off in a single episode , and whether Comedy Central will once again try to stop them from depicting the image and voice of a cartoon version of the Muslim prophet Mohammed on the show .
The 200th episode airs Wednesday , April 14 at 10 pm on Comedy Central .
Fan tributes here : South Park 200 ( southpark200.com )
Related : Reason.com on the Mohammed / South Park / Comedy Central controversy .
( Special thanks to the production team of Matt West and Eric Mittleman )
Watch on YouTube . or Download MP4
Have you enjoyed Abigail 18's Nude Picture ?
See more teen sex galleries
Lt. Robin R. Chaurasiya , now 24 and stationed in Illinois , was just done with the Air Force .
She left active duty in 2007 , after joining ROTC as a 17 - year - old , but thanks to those wars going on , was recalled in 2009 .
And it ’s not that she was n’t committed to serving her country .
It ’s that she did n’t want to serve her country when her country would n’t serve her — as an equal .
But even after her superiors were made aware of her sexuality , and that she had a civil union with a woman , they refused to discharge her .
Because , they claimed , she had gone gay just to get out .
Lt. Gen. Robert R. Allardice , Chaurasiya ’s commander at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois , could have easily swept her out of the armed forces based on her declaration of being gay , and engaging in HOMOSEXUAL CONDUCT !
But Allardice refused , because he believed , or at least filled out the paperwork asserting as much , that Chaurasiya was using her civil union just to duck service .
In his Feb. 25 decision ending any administrative discharge action against Chaurasiya , Allardice cited a section of the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law that allows military commanders to keep service members on active duty if they married a person of the same sex for the purpose of getting out of the military .
Like many cases , Chaurasiya ’s situation is complicated .
She had left active duty in 2007 after serving one year , but was recalled to active duty in 2009 .
After she was sent to Scott Air Force Base , a male former service member she had once dated forwarded to her commander a group e-mail in which Chaurasiya had written that she was a lesbian .
After an investigation , Chaurasiya submitted a memorandum to her commander declaring herself a lesbian .
“ I want to be respected for it , and if I am going to be disrespected I do n’t want to be here , ” Chaurasiya said in an interview .
Chaurasiya said she did not enter into the union or declare herself a lesbian to get a discharge .
“ My intention is not to get out , ” she said .
“ But if I am going to be kept in and treated unfairly either from my peers or by the military itself . . . then I want to be loud about it to bring about the change , or I do not want to be here . ”
So there you have it :
If a soldier declares herself to be gay but still wants to serve , she can be dismissed .
If she declares herself to be gay but wants to leave , she must stay .
Here ’s the first letter Chaurasiya wrote Lt. Allardice :
Approximately one week ago , you read me an email that was forwarded to you , purportedly from me , stating that I was homosexual .
You then stated that you would be upset if someone was “ making claims against my character ” and that you would not believe I wrote this email unless I raised my hand , looked you in the eye , and told you I was gay .
This upset me tremendously , as I did not understand why someone ’s homosexuality would impugn their character as you described .
However , increasingly , I realize that in order to live up to the Air Force ’s core value of “ integrity first , ” I need to be honest about my sexual orientation .
Therefore , I am writing this memorandum to inform you that I am homosexual .
For years , I was forced to choose between being in the military and hiding my sexual orientation or not serving in the military and being honest about my sexual orientation .
After years of choosing the first option , I feel that I can no longer adequately and honestly serve as an officer in the U.S. Air Force .
I have been dating females since I was thirteen years old .
Throughout my affiliation with the military , though , I have tried to conceal my orientation .
Over the past year , however , surrounded by supportive communities and separated from the military ’s homophobic culture , I have been able to live more openly .
Since coming back onto active duty , though , my attempts to conceal my orientation have tremendously impacted my abilities to function both at work and in my personal life , causing me stress beyond a manageable level . ….
I do not foresee myself being able to honestly , openly and successfully fulfill my duties as an officer while being forced to conceal who I am .
The past month has reinforced for me how difficult it will be to conceal my sexuality and my future relationships , as well as the stress that my attempts to do so will cause .
Thus , while I am willing to serve my country , it must be openly …..
I also understand that under the “ Do n’t Ask .
Do n’t Tell .
Do n’t Pursue .
Do n’t Harass , ” military regulations , directives , and policies , I am not to be asked questions about sexual behavior [ Secretary of Defense ( Personnel & Readiness ) Memo , 12 August 1999 : Implementation of Recommendations Concerning Homosexual Conduct Policy ] , and that you will act to prevent any harassment or other discrimination against me while my discharge is being processed .
Here ’s Lt. Allardice ’s reply memo :
Archaeologists have embarked on excavations in northern Syria expected to widen and deepen understanding of a prehistoric culture in Mesopotamia that set the stage for the rise of the world ’s first cities and states and the invention of writing .
In two seasons of preliminary surveying and digging at the site known as Tell Zeidan , American and Syrian investigators have already uncovered a tantalizing sampling of artifacts from what had been a robust pre-urban settlement on the upper Euphrates River .
People occupied the site for two millenniums , until 4000 B.C. — a little - known but fateful period of human cultural evolution .
Scholars of antiquity say that Zeidan should reveal insights into life in a time called the Ubaid period , 5500 to 4000 B.C.
In those poorly studied centuries , irrigation agriculture became widespread , long - distance trade grew in influence socially and economically , powerful political leaders came to the fore and communities gradually divided into social classes of wealthy elites and poorer commoners .
Gil Stein , director of the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago , a leader of the excavations at Zeidan , said the site ’s northern location promised to enrich knowledge of the Ubaid culture ’s influence far from where the first urban centers eventually flourished in the lower Tigris and Euphrates Valley .
The new explorations , he said , are planned to be the most comprehensive yet at a large Ubaid settlement , possibly yielding discoveries for decades .
An asteroid circling the sun between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter has for the first time been shown to harbor water ice and organic compounds .
Those traits had been associated with comets , which spring from colder , more distant reservoirs in the outer solar system , but not their asteroidal cousins .
The finding supports the notion that asteroids could have provided early Earth with water for its oceans as well as some of the prebiotic compounds that allowed life to develop .
Two teams of researchers report complementary observations of the 200 - kilometer - wide asteroid , known as 24 Themis , in the April 29 issue of Nature .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
Both analyses are based on spectroscopic observations from the NASA Infrared Telescope Facility atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii , which show absorption features that indicate the presence of water and unidentified organic compounds .
The ice appears to coat the entire asteroid as a thin layer of frost .
The evidence for water on 24 Themis had been presented at conferences by the two groups in 2008 and 2009 but is only now appearing in a peer - reviewed journal .
" They have found something that a lot of people , including myself , have been chasing in the solar system for a long time , and that is water and organic material , " says Dale Cruikshank , a planetary scientist at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
The asteroid was a promising target in part because it shares a similar orbit with a few so - called main - belt comets , which are objects in the asteroid belt that feature comet - like tails thought to be provided by the sublimation of ice to water vapor .
Because 24
Themis likely came from the same parent body , it seemed plausible that it could harbor ice as well .
Cruikshank notes that some meteorites bear the signature of water and organic compounds , and that researchers have long been looking for the source of those meteorites .
Now it appears that 24 Themis could fit the bill .
" These newly discovered [ main - belt comets ] , and now Themis , are very interesting objects and potentially one of the sources of Earth 's oceans . "
The two studies give a fairly comprehensive view of the asteroid ; one sampled 24 Themis at various points through its orbit , in brief intervals spanning several years , whereas the other followed the asteroid for several hours in one sitting to spot any changes as the body rotated on its axis .
" I thought , ' There has to be something in that family that is making these small objects behave like comets ' , " says Humberto Campins , an astronomy professor at the University of Central Florida who co-authored the study that was based on a seven - hour observation of 24 Themis in 2008 .
There was indirect evidence to suggest that some asteroids had not been baked dry by the sun , Campins says , but no proof .
The authors of the other study observed the asteroid seven times between 2002 and 2008 before they were convinced .
" At first , we did n't necessarily believe it , " says Andrew Rivkin , a planetary astronomer at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory who collaborated with Joshua Emery , a planetary scientist at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville .
" It took a few tries , including one of those years where we were able to see it on back - to - back nights , before we could say , ' Now we really do believe this is for real ' . "
The stability of ice on an airless body in space , Rivkin explains , is very sensitive to temperature , and 24 Themis appeared to be right on the cusp of plausibility .
" If it were a few degrees warmer , you 'd say no way , " he says .
As astronomers look farther out in the solar system with constantly improving telescopes and instrumentation , Campins says , they may find ice on more asteroids .
" We may need to look more carefully , " he adds .
" Or it could be unique to Themis .
We do n't know . "
Cruikshank says it is somewhat surprising to find water ice on an airless body so close to the sun , but he notes that such revelations are becoming the norm — just look at the recent demonstrations of widespread water ice on the moon .
" We 're quite accustomed to being surprised , " he says .
While looking for information on Rick Dudley I came across the following interview with then - GM of Tampa Bay Lightning Jay Feaster .
At the time of the interview Feaster had won a Stanley Cup and has a long chat with a reporter about his style .
Most of the interview consists of Feaster contrasting himself with his predecessor in the GM job .
I 'm sure many people would describe this interview as " Feaster throwing Dudley under the bus " and there is certainly some of that going on here .
I read this article asking myself the question " what sort of style does Rick Dudley have ? " and that question is answered to some degree .
It becomes clear that Dudley is 100 % focused on acquiring hockey talent -- that 's generally a good thing .
He appears to be focused like a laser on that objective and less concerned with ensuring employees are happy campers -- on net that 's probably good for fans , even if it is bad for some employees .
Dudley has a reputation for being very direct ( i.e. not a kiss ass ) with people above and below him .
In Tampa when ownership refused to approve his big trade he simply resigned .
You can look at that two ways , you could say that he is inflexible or you could say that he has integrity and if he is n't supported he will not stick around ( Atlanta Spirit take note ) .
It might also explain why he has has lasted a maximum of 2.5 years as GM in any previous GM stint .
Probably the best possible scenario is that Dudley is allowed to focus like a laser on acquiring talent and improving the hockey product .
Waddell is around to help temper Dudley 's habits that have produced unhappy owners and grumpy employees .
Thus Dudley keeps his job long enough to enjoy the fruits of a winning team .
Normally I would n't quote an entire interview but it appears the original website no longer exists and this article is just a cached document on google .
So here 's the whole thing .
It is long and the Dudley quotes come in the second half , if you do n't care about the rise of Jay Feaster just skip down to the BOLD paragraphs that deal with Dudley .
Profile : Tampa Bay Lightning GM Jay Feaster
By Bob Andelman
( Originally published in the Gulf Coast Business Review , February 2004 )
Tampa Bay Lightning General Manager Jay Feaster is nothing like the men who trained and preceded him in the job .
For one thing , he 's a lawyer .
Jacques Demers , the former coach turned GM who hired Feaster in 1998 as his assistant , was a hockey guy through and through .
So was Demers ' successor , Rick Dudley , a man who lived and breathed the game , waking or sleeping .
Both relied on Feaster 's acumen for contracts and other fine print business details .
" At the end of the day , it 's a business , " Feaster says of Tampa Bay 's National Hockey League franchise .
" It 's managing a business and a company .
People say , ' Do you regret spending the three years in law school ?
No !
I use all that .
From labor law to immigration , it 's something we do everyday .
I think the biggest thing my training did is that I learned to think about ( hockey ) from an analytical perspective . "
The career hockey GMs he worked under tended to make decisions based on emotion and instinct .
Feaster says his is a more fact - based approach , applying structure as he would any legal issue .
How do the two approaches compare on the ice ?
Last season , in his first full season as GM , Feaster 's team , coached by John Tortorella , posted a 24 - point improvement , won the franchise 's first division title and went further into the playoffs than ever before in the Lightning 's 10 - year history .
This year , the team picked up right where it left off and started the season on a 7 - 0 - 1 - 0 tear .
After a mid-season slump , the Lightning regained its groove and is once more atop the Southeast Division .
Of course , no one should be surprised that a lawyer could lead a professional sports franchise to glory .
Recently departed Buccaneers GM Rich McKay , who put together the 2003 Super Bowl champions roster , also started his career in the practice of law .
As for Devil Rays GM Chuck Lamar ?
He 's a lifelong baseball guy .
" When you 're somebody who played the game , that 's all you ever did , " Feaster says .
By comparison , " I found that law degree to be incredibly liberating .
I do n't have to be a ' Yes ' man .
If this job or others went away , I will be able to provide for my family because of my law degree . "
Feaster , 41 , hired 30 - year NHL veteran and Hall of Fame inductee Bill Barber as his right hand man to provide the hockey expertise that offsets his business know - how .
Barber tends to player personnel issues ;
Feaster applies his legal training to the constant negotiating called for in his job .
" I 'm negotiating for and with minor league affiliates , workers comp at the minor league level and collective bargaining at the NHL level , " he says .
" The collective bargaining agreement ( CBA ) covers everything we do from travel to recalling players from the minors .
If they have a house here , what does the CBA say about that ?
I have guys who have been out of hockey for two years making claims for medical or something else they 're owed under the CBA . "
The international nature of the sport creates all kinds of legal opportunity - and jeopardy .
Wearing the Lightning uniform this year are players from Russia , Ukraine , Sweden , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Canada ­ and they have all the same issues as American athletes , plus immigration . "
Those are the things you do n't think about outside , " Feaster says .
Feaster maintains his license in Pennsylvania , is inactive in the District of Columbia and does n't have a license in Florida .
He does , however , continue making the rounds of seminars to stay on top of changes in the field .
After earning a degree in political science at Susquehanna University ( 1984 ) and his law degree - Cum Laude - from Georgetown ( ' 87 ) , Feaster spent two years in the 65 - attorney Harrisburg , PA firm of McNees , Wallace & Nurick .
He worked almost exclusively for the managing partner , Rod Pera , for whom most of his time was spent on the business of Hershey Entertainment & Resorts Co. - HERCO , a sister company to Hershey Foods .
It was the best thing that could have ever happened to his career .
" I was doing all their slip and fall insurance litigation , " he says .
" I would analyze what we would go to court with and what we would settle .
If it went to litigation , I parceled it out . "
HERCO is an exciting company .
Its business lines include HersheyPark , hotels , the Hershey Bears minor league hockey franchise , the Hershey Wildcats pro soccer team , and the 7,256 - seat indoor HersheyPark Arena and 16,000 - seat outdoor HersheyPark Stadium .
Feaster , who wrestled , played football and baseball in high school and briefly in college , was a long - time fan of hockey ; in law school , he had 10 - game plan at the old Capital Center in DC .
" After two years , I went to the HERCO CEO and said , ' I would love to work for HERCO , ' " Feaster says .
" I liked the people , the business lines , the resorts , the park , the hockey , the arena . "
And they liked Feaster ; he was hired away from the law firm as assistant to the president of HERCO .
He became the company 's internal oversight person on HERCO insurance defense work and also was the corporate spokesperson ­ for bad news .
" I had crisis communications responsibilities , " he says .
" If we were putting in a new ride , that went to someone else .
But if we had a problem with a ride , or with the government , or if we were closing down a ride , that came to me . "
After a year , Feaster was asked to run the arena and stadium .
" You 'll report to the VP of the Hershey Park group , " his boss said .
" And I want you to be the next GM of the hockey club .
Spend the next year with the team president , then he will retire and you will take over . ' "
The Hershey Bears were a minor league affiliate for the Philadelphia Flyers .
The parent franchise provided the players and coaching staff ; Feaster 's job was running the Bears ' business affairs .
Dave Mishkin may be the Lightning 's play - by - play man on the radio now , but he owes some of his success to Feaster , who hired him to call the Bears games back in ' 94 as well as be the director of hockey operations .
" He 's just an understanding boss and manager , incredibly articulate and intelligent , " Mishkin says .
" I think his greatest strength is that he has enough confidence in his own abilities as a manager to recognize his own weaknesses .
He understands there are parts of his job in which he maybe does n't have the same expertise as other people do .
So he will bring people into the fold who are experts .
He 's not an NHL Hall of Famer like Bill Barber .
But he knows
Bill will help him do his job better .
He recognizes that the best way to do his job is to surround himself with good people . "
By the 1993 - 94 season , the Flyers ' plans changed .
They did n't want the burden of carrying the Bears ' entire roster of 50 players .
Instead , they 'd supply 40 young prospects ;
Feaster could fill out the team with anyone else he chose .
It was another door opening , another opportunity .
He knew that fans in Hershey craved veteran players to whom they could become attached and who would n't necessarily leave any time soon .
Feaster spent the next three years working with scout Bill Barber , building the team .
In 1996 , the Bears affiliation switched from Philadelphia to the Colorado Avalanche and the team that Feaster and Barber built won the American Hockey League 's Calder Cup Championship .
In 1997 , Feaster was named the AHL's Executive of the Year .
A year later , the Flyers knocked the Avalanche out of the playoffs .
Looking for a change , the Avalanche promoted the Bears coach , Bob Hartley , to run the NHL parent team .
( Hartley took the Avalanche to the Stanley Cup in 2001 .
That same year , Barber , another former Bears coach under Feaster , was named NHL Coach of the Year while with the Flyers . )
Meanwhile , in Tampa Bay , Lightning Coach Jacques Demers added the general manager 's responsibilities to his job .
He knew hockey , of course , having coached more than 1,000 NHL games and been named NHL Coach of the Year twice , but running the business side was more than he could handle alone .
Looking for an experienced assistant , he asked Colorado GM Pierre Lacroix for advice .
" The only guy I would hire , " Lacroix said , " is Jay Feaster .
I wo n't give you any other names . "
Feaster joined the team for the 1998 - 99 season , full of hope and excitement under new Lightning owner Art Williams .
" I thought , ' This is a great opportunity .
It 's a new owner , he 'll spend money , it 's long - term .
Jacques will use me more . '
I could see that at some point Jacques would retire and there was an opportunity to advance . "
But by December , Williams was looking for a buyer .
Six months in the game , he wanted out .
That was n't Feaster 's concern , however .
He was responsible for the day - to - day business of dealing with players , contracts and the CBA .
There was a mountain of details to climb , but he found that in Demers he once more had an excellent and willing guide .
" My time was Jacques was tremendous , " Feaster says .
" He was wonderful to me and my family .
It was tough leaving that tight - knit family of Hershey .
My family is still there ; my wife 's is in Rockville , MD .
We came here knowing no one . "
The ground in Tampa Bay continued quaking when Williams sold the team to Bill Davidson .
New Lightning CEO and Governor Tom Wilson and President Ron Campbell assured Feaster that his job was secure , but Demers was fired and Rick Dudley was hired .
" Going from Demers to working for Dudley was diametrically opposed , " Feaster says .
" Rick is hockey 24/7 , 365 days a year , any hour of the day or night .
I used to say to Rick that he's the kind of guy who hates to take two hours out of his hockey day on December 25 to open his presents .
It was a real adjustment . "
At any given time while he worked for Dudley , if HERCO called and said , " We want you to be the rollercoaster operator at Hershey Park , " Feaster would have been on the first plane out of town .
Feaster , who has been married for 15 years and is a father of four , says that Dudley called him at home at all hours of the day and night .
He would call at 10:30 p.m. and tell his assistant , " Remind me tomorrow to talk to you about "
One night , Feaster 's cell phone rang at 8:30 at night .
His son Bobby , then 5 , answered without asking who was calling .
" Dad , " he cried out , " it's Mr. Dudley ! "
Dudley was amazed .
" Was that Bobby ? " he asked Feaster .
" How did he know it was me ? "
" I did n't have the heart to tell Rick he was the only one to ever call at those hours . "
Feaster handled CBA issues and contract negotiations with Dudley having the final approval on all deals .
" I 'd say , ' Here 's what I project it will take to sign these guys . '
Our relationship should have worked better than it did because Rick did n't want to be an administrator .
He wanted to be out scouting .
In my situation , with a young family , I was happy to be the guy in the office , being the administrator . "
In his first year as assistant GM under Demers , Feaster did n't travel .
But Dudley did n't like to travel with his team .
The team had a first year coach in Steve Ludzik , so Dudley decided someone on the road in case issues arose and Feaster drew the short straw .
Dudley 's lack of sensitivity to Feaster 's personal life came to haunt him in the 2001 - 02 season when one of the Lightning 's biggest stars , Vincent Lecavalier , asked to be traded .
" Rick laid out a trade .
But Mr. Davidson said , ' Here are my conditions before you do that , " Feaster says .
" The deal Rick had on the table did n't accomplish those conditions .
It was a deal I did n't support .
One of the things Mr. Davidson said was that we had to condition the marketplace as to why we would do that .
We had to lay a foundation .
This ( Lecavalier ) was the franchise .
It was something that did n't make sense .
There was a conference call and I was questioned by Tom and Ron .
" Does this trade satisfy Mr. Davidson 's needs ? '
I said , ' No . '
Rick saw that I did n't support him .
I was n't on his team .
That 's when our relationship started falling apart . "
Dudley resigned in February 2002 , in the middle of the season .
His job went to Feaster , who hired Bill Barber as his director of player personnel .
" It had been a drain , " Feaster says of the Dudley era .
" I was at the point where I was prepared to just leave .
I had talked to the East Coast Hockey League .
Their president was going to become an owner and had to step aside .
I also talked to the HERCO folks .
I was not going to stay .
" I uprooted my family to come here because I felt that I could become a successful GM in the NHL .
And I thought that would happen under Jacques Demers and Art Williams .
Finally getting the job vindicated why we made that move . "
Feaster brings his own philosophy to the construction of the team , although he relies heavily on Barber for specific player personnel recommendations .
" We needed to become a tougher hockey team .
That 's a work in progress , " Feaster says .
" We were too easy to play against .
I grew up in Central Pennsylvania when the Broad Street Bullies were winning .
And I was a fan of the Boston Bruins , one of the toughest teams to play the game . "
He also felt that the constant roster churning under Dudley needed to stop .
Dudley believed if he had a player who was a 4 and a 4.5 became available , the team should make a move .
Feaster , on the other hand , believes that any guy he is moving into the locker room must fit in , while also taking care that the player who is leaving was n't an important part of the team 's chemistry .
" Last year , our guys talked about there being stability on the franchise .
They got to know their teammates and build trust .
It helped us get off to the start we did and it will pull us out of the spin we 're in .
I did n't do that ; John Tortorella did that .
But I allowed the environment to continue developing . "
Another difference between Feaster and his predecessor is what qualities they look for in personnel .
" Rick 's mantra used to be a size / speed ratio , " Feaster says .
" We looked at a player two years ago .
When I read the reports , they talked about ' Vision like ( Wayne ) Gretzky . '
' Playmaking reminds of Gretzky . '
' Looks like Gretzky . '
' Worships Gretzky . '
But the reports all ended , ' Not for us .
Not a Tampa Bay Lightning player . '
Because according to Dudley , a player had to be 6 ' 2 " , and fast .
I said to the scouts , ' We want to pass on the guy you said will be the next Gretzky because he does n't fit the matrix you created ? '
We had guys in the organization that were 6 ' 8 " who skated real well but had the heart of a pea .
Then we had a guy 5 - foot nothing with the heart of a lion who carried us in the playoffs last year , Marty St. Louis . "
Feaster knows that today 's team philosophy is tomorrow 's old news .
Just a week ago , ESPN The Magazine predicted that Feaster would soon fire Tortorella .
But Tortorella just guided his team to three straight wins and a return to first place .
" You grow old very quickly in this job , " he says .
" There are so many things that have to happen .
I think you can ( have longevity ) if you have ownership that believes in you and takes a long - term perspective on the club .
At the end of the day , you have to look in the mirror and say , ' I did what I believed in , what I believed was right . ' "
Incentives matter .
It 's one reason why bankers ' and ballplayers ' salaries are often loaded onto bonuses .
In that vein , Mental Floss has an interesting rundown of the weirdest baseball contract clauses of the last twenty years .
Some of them are real incentives .
Others are n't .
A $ 300 bonus to each Oakland A's player growing a mustache by Father 's Day .
A bulldozer for Houston Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt if he made it to the World Series .
A $ 333,333 check for Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling for each weigh - in that did n't tip the scales .
But Ichiro Suzuki's has got to be the strangest clause :
The Seattle Mariners star outfielder signed a five - year contract extension in July 2007 that included , among other perks , four round - trip airline tickets to Japan each year and the services of an interpreter and trainer throughout the season .
It also included a housing allowance for each year of the deal .
While the numbers themselves are n't eye - popping -- the allowance ranges from $ 32,000 to $ 36,000 a year over the life of the deal -- kudos to Ichiro for getting someone else to pay his rent .
Really , a housing allowance ?
Equal to 0.19 % of his yearly salary ?
How to Make Sambal What 's New On Serious Eats
Sambals are pastes in Malaysia that are the foundation for so many other recipes , as well as condiments to be served at the table .
View sambal recipes here » are pastes in Malaysia that are the foundation for so many other recipes , as well as condiments to be served at the table .
For the next few weeks , Seriously Asian will be Seriously Malaysian , a celebration of that little - known , under appreciated cuisine with tendrils that reach into so many other , more familiar Asian cookeries .
Malaysian cooks employ techniques and ingredients that we 've come to associate with the Chinese , Indian , and Thai , yet the balanced , sophisticated flavors that the cuisine offers are entirely novel to palates unaccustomed .
The country spans more than one mass of land ; given its complex political history , neighboring Singapore and Indonesia make culinary contributions that are sometimes mere influences , and more frequently , one and the same .
This week , we 'll be discussing the basic ingredients that are , relatively speaking , unique to Malaysian cookery .
( For those cooks who 've already amassed ingredients commonly used in Thai cuisine — for instance , lemongrass , coconut milk , galangal , and kaffir lime leaves — the transition to Malaysian cuisine will be considerably smoother .
Refer to the primer on Thai curries for a refresher . )
Read about six of these ingredients after the jump .
Belacan / Shrimp Paste
Belacan ( pronounced buh - LAH - chan ) is one of the most important , and by far , the most pungent ingredient in Malaysian cookery .
Unlike the oily , garlicky shrimp paste used in Thai curries , belacan is a hardened block of shrimp paste , made from tiny shrimp mixed with salt and fermented .
The fermented paste is then ground into a smoother paste , then sun dried , shaped into blocks , and allowed to ferment again .
The resulting blocks are chalky and only slightly moist .
Powerful in both smell and taste , belacan is always toasted and used in small quantities , providing a savory depth to curries and pastes .
( Play around with the amount of belacan you prefer in your sambals .
If , like me , you always add more than the recommended number of anchovies to your Caesar salad dressings , you may just want to add an extra half teaspoon or so of belacan to your sambals ! )
Though many have described belacan as pungent , I 'd go so far as to describe its smell as stinky , like a gym bag , a sneaker , or whatever other foot - related image comes to mind .
Belacan 's malodorous quality only intensifies when browned .
To toast belacan , used your palm to compress a tablespoon or so of the paste wrapped in a small packet of foil .
Place the foil over a gas stove burner and toast over low heat for 30 seconds to a minute on each side , until the edges of the disk of belacan are lightly browned and crisp .
The belacan will emit an alarmingly smoky , burning smell , which is an indication that it is toasting up nicely .
A word of warning :
The first time I toasted just a teaspoon of the block over a small gas flame , the belacan emitted such smoky , funky smells that even with the windows open and the exhaust fan turned on , the entire apartment became a petri dish for its insidious odors .
Not having fully realized this until I left my apartment , I ( and my neighboring classmates ) spent the entirety of a yoga class inhaling the residual smell of belacan that had works its way into the fibers of my clothes .
Sweet Soybean Paste
Falling somewhere between the consistency of a paste and a sauce , this condiment of fermented soybeans , rice flour , sugar , and salt has the winey complexity of miso , but with a much sweeter undertone .
Halved soybeans are suspended throughout the sauce ; the nubby texture and beany flavor pair well with many stir - fried noodle dishes and stews .
Indonesian Sweet Soy Sauce
Though it 's mostly used in Indonesian dishes , Malaysian cooks will employ the sweet , smoky syrup known as kecap manis , or sweet soy sauce , in various sambals and simmering dishes .
Thick and syrupy , this dark - brown mixture of palm sugar and soy sauce has an addictive sweet - savory , honeyed taste .
It 's complex enough to be drizzled over rice and noodle dishes , but it 's also an important addition to pastes .
Candlenuts
Native to Indonesia , candlenuts are distantly related to macadamia nuts , though they 're larger with a rougher exterior .
Ground up , candlenuts thicken pastes and coconut - milk based curries .
( Candlenuts are also mildly toxic when raw , inducing just a friendly warning level of nausea . )
Palm Sugar
Palm sugar , made from the boiled - down sap of the tree , is sold in either large cylindrical tubes or smaller , rounded disks .
Brown sugar can be substituted in a pinch , but it lacks the complexity of palm sugar , which adds a caramel - like , toasted taste to both sweet desserts as well as savory dishes .
Tamarind Paste
The fruit of the tall tamarind tree , native to east Africa , is a smallish curved pod with a brittle shell that encases a sticky , brown pulp .
Sweet and sour , the pulp is usually mixed with warm water to extract the juice — a fruity , sour liquid that 's used in soups and curries , as well as stir - fried dishes .
The rigid blocks of pulp contain little bits of seed and pod that should be strained out prior to use .
( Do n't use the whole tamarind pods , also commonly sold in Asian markets , which are meant to be eaten as fruit . )
Get Cooking !
Want to use some of these Malaysian ingredients ?
Try these recipes for two kinds of sambals and sambal - flavored stir - fried rice here »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Butler / Duke who ?
NCAA wha ?
Today 's real championship is about one pie , one cake , and the final battle to bring closure to an endless war .
It all comes down to this .
And there can only be one .
Advertisement
[ The original bracket and tournament guidelines are available here . ]
Advertisement
After Friday 's extended competition , we saw the fall of a giant : # 1 seed Apple Pie has left the tournament empty - handed , much to the dismay of many a fruit fan .
Meanwhile , # 4 German Chocolate
Cake suffered , losing the conference to a pastry that is controversial at best .
So let 's celebrate your conference champions : Pie Conference champion Cheesecake , and Cake Conference champ Red Velvet .
They have been fairly determined as the best pie and cake , respectively , known to man .
And now they will move forward for one last shot at glory .
32 competitors have come and gone , two remain — but there can only be one victor .
It 's Cheesecake vs. Red Velvet , and the winner takes all .
The pie / cake debate will end with this .
Before we vote , let 's take a deeper look at our competitors .
RED VELVET CAKE
While all Red Velvet Cakes use food coloring , the Red Velvet cake is not , per the accusations of its detractors , merely a yellow cake with food coloring .
The cocoa is what makes it special , and the chemical reaction of its ingredients — buttermilk and vinegar in particular — bring out the red hues in the cocoa ( the red anthocyanin , to be extact ) .
The richness of Red Velvet 's color is the sum of a union between science and aesthetics .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Proponents of Red Velvet
Cake thus justly argue that it is not , per the belief of its detractors , cake that merely features red food coloring .
Rather , the red is steeped in patriotic history :
When foods were rationed during World War II , beets were used to enhance the color of the cake .
Red Velvet is the sweet tooth's battle against the Axis nations — it symbolizes the fight for good in the face of injustice , and is as patriotic as the red on any Allied flag .
CHEESECAKE
Despite its name , cheesecake is a creamy pie — like a DNA test to determine paternity , the cheesecake 's crusty base , that which holds it together , confirms it is a pie .
It is a versatile creation , lending itself to a variety of preparations that can pleasantly occupy and challenge cooks while pleasing a wide swatch of palates .
Cheesecakes can be baked or unbaked ; they can be made with heavy cream or sour cream or , of course , a variety of cheeses , ranging from cottage cheese to cream cheese to ricotta or mascarpone or any other soft cheese product .
Advertisement
Much like Red Velvet , Cheesecake also has deep historical routes — the ancient Greek Aegimus is said to have authored what could be considered the first cheesecake cookbook ; ancient Roman Cato the Elder included two recipes for religious use in his text on farming and agriculture .
Cheesecake rests in the sweet spot that is ancient democracy ; it is to dessert as Latin is to the romance languages .
And now , we 'll take to the polls .
Voting will remain open until 4/6 , 2 pm EDT — at which time a winner will be made clear , and the debate between pie and cake will be settled once and for all .
Ready thyselves , and take to the battlefield !
From MindTheBird people :
Hello All ,
Are you true master in Firebird SQL ?
Participate in Stored Procedures contest and win valuable prizes !
Participants should submit stored procedure in pure Firebid SQL and embedded functions ( SDF ) only which performs some common task (s ) – virtually anything any useful tasks .
It can be implementations of some mathematics transformations , or transforming numeric representation of number into words ( like input = 21 , output = “ twenty one ” ) , or anything that demonstrates the power and flexibility of Firebird stored procedures .
We ’ll choose the most powerful and interesting stored procedures .
There will be 3 winners , each of them will receive tool by his choice
from the pool of prizes from MindTheBird sponsors :
http://www.mindthebird.com/benefits.html.
All procedures should be submited under Creative Commons or Mozilla Public License or Apache License .
Submitter must be the author of the procedure .
All procedures with short description and reference to the author will be published at www.mindthebird.com
Please submit demo SQL scripts with stored procedures ’ texts to sp at mindthebird.com or right here in the group .
Please notice that demo SQL script should work out - of - the - box to create necessary objects and demonstrate the value of procedure .
404 Error
404 : The page you requested was not found .
For further information
Email us at : info@aegisisc.com
Thank you !
Bilal Jadou standing atop a home in the Aida refugee camp .
His house , on the other side of the wall , can be seen off in the distance .
The Electronic Intifada correspondent Nora Barrows - Friedman interviewed Jadou , 26 years old , about his situation .
They spoke inside Aida refugee camp , in Bethlehem .
Nora Barrows - Friedman :
Tell us about your situation and why this story is so important in the context of what ’s happening here in the Bethlehem area , especially in Aida camp , which is right up against the wall , cutting the land of families here in half .
Bilal Jadou :
My family is separated from each other .
We used to live in the refugee camp here and in our other house that used to be within five minutes walking distance from here .
Since the wall was built , we ca n’t communicate as a family .
Some of us live in this house in Aida , and the others live in our other house on the other side of the wall .
I have six brothers and three sisters .
Two of the brothers , including me , and one of our sisters , are allowed by Israel to live in the house on the other side of the wall .
No one else is allowed to be there .
Now it sometimes takes two hours to cross the checkpoint in Bethlehem to see our family in Aida camp .
Other times , the Israelis close the checkpoint entirely and we ca n’t see each other at all .
NBF : How did the Israelis choose who was able to live in the house on the other side of the wall ?
BJ : They said it was purely because of “ security reasons , ” and we still do n’t know why some got permission and some did n’t .
Also , we ca n’t add anything to the house ; we ca n’t build onto the house .
At any time , they can come and take my permission and say it ’s for “ security reasons . ”
NBF : Do you have a special ID card now ?
Such as a Jerusalem residency card ?
How are you identified as someone who lives on the other side of the wall ?
BJ : I still have a West Bank Palestinian ID , with a special permission slip for just the Tantur area [ where the house is ] .
If Israeli police catch me anywhere else other than at my house , or if they catch me working inside Jerusalem , they will take my permission away .
I can just be inside the house , and nothing more .
The Israeli wall runs along the Aida refugee camp .
NBF
BJ : We ca n’t do any of these things .
I ca n’t even drive a car inside the area near the house .
We ’re not allowed .
We ca n’t even take a taxi to the checkpoint .
We have to walk .
If we want to buy groceries , we can only buy them inside the Palestinian territories .
But we are not allowed to bring anything from inside the Palestinian territories to my house .
So the only way I can get food and supplies to my house is to have friends inside Jerusalem buy our groceries , or whatever we need , and bring them to us .
We have no services except water and electricity , which come from the Palestinian side of the wall .
Israel wo n’t allow us to have anything else .
It ’s a way to push us to leave this area and go to the other side of the wall .
This is the only reason they ’re doing this to us .
My grandmother got sick and we called the Israeli ambulance .
They told us to coordinate with the Israeli soldiers , who then refused to allow the ambulance to reach us .
The Palestinian ambulance told us that since they could n’t cross the checkpoint , we had to bring my grandmother to the checkpoint and they would take her to the hospital in Bethlehem .
Since we could n’t use a car to bring her to the checkpoint , we put her on a donkey and walked her over there .
But before we reached the checkpoint , my grandmother died .
NBF : On the other side of the wall , there is a lot of land that was cultivated by families in Beit Jala and Aida camp until the wall was completed in 2004 .
And then you have Gilo and Har Gilo settlements , right next to your house on the other side .
Talk more about this policy of taking land , using the wall to separate communities , and forcing Palestinians to stay inside these ghettos in the West Bank .
BJ : There is a lot of land near our house owned by Palestinians .
But we ’re the last family who are allowed to stay there .
Just a few months ago , we tried to expand our house a little bit ; we built a shed that was only two meters squared .
The Israeli police came and told us that we had to stop building .
If we want to fix the house , the police come .
If we paint our house , the police ask us to remove the paint .
But then you look across the street , and you see Gilo settlement with their cranes and bulldozers and construction teams building all the time , expanding all day long .
NBF : The police come often to check to see if you have put paint on the walls .
But what about the treatment you receive by settlers ?
BJ : The settlers attacked us once .
They built a fence around our house and told us to leave .
But we went to the court to prove that this was our house , with deeds and documents since the Ottoman period .
The court gave us back our land and the permission to stay on our land .
Most of the time , though , we get the most terrible treatment from the Israeli soldiers .
They come and attack us .
Once , they came and took all of our furniture from inside the house and threw it outside .
They told us , “ find another place to live ! ”
They sometimes come at 2:00 in the morning , taking us outside of the house , and searching to make sure we have n’t built anything or fixed anything inside the house .
I was once told by a soldier , after he took my ID card one night , to go to the checkpoint to retrieve it .
I got to the checkpoint , and the soldier called me on my mobile phone , telling me that he was outside of the house , and I should come back to get it .
I went back to the house , and then he called and said that he was at the checkpoint .
This went on until 6:00 in the morning .
Sometimes they take my ID card to other checkpoints so I ’m forced to travel a long distance to retrieve it .
They ’re trying to put a lot of pressure on us so that we leave the area and they can expand the settlement .
NBF : Tell me about your family ’s history .
We ’re sitting inside your home in the refugee camp .
Where was your family from , originally , before they were expelled in 1948 ?
BJ : Originally , we ’re refugees from al - Malha .
It ’s just one kilometer away , five minutes away by car .
Some of my family fled in 1948 and came here .
Even part of the refugee camp is on al - Malha land , inside the West Bank borders .
When the Israelis invaded and occupied the West Bank in 1967 , some of the family decided to go back to the house in al - Malha , inside the so - called Israeli area .
So now we ’re separated into three parts — my family in Aida camp , my brothers and sisters inside the house on the other side of the wall , and the rest in al - Malha .
We have n’t been together as a family — we have n’t all sat down to dinner together — for six years .
Sometimes , if something is happening inside the camp , like a wedding for a friend or neighbor , we have to leave our house at nine in the morning to be sure we ’re at the wedding by three in the afternoon .
We ’re affected a lot by the separation .
NBF : It used to take you five minutes to get to the camp from the house before the wall was built .
BJ : Yes , five minutes , not more .
Sometimes , if I walk quickly , it used to take three minutes .
Now , it ’s half an hour just to walk to the checkpoint .
Then I spend sometimes two , three hours inside the checkpoint .
NBF : What do you think about the next generation of Palestinians who are facing similar situations ?
When you get married and have children , what do you want for them ?
BJ : I hope everything changes .
The situation is extremely difficult , and I hope that the new generation can live in peace without any conflicts .
Actually , when you mentioned marriage , this is a very depressing issue for me .
I tried to get married recently .
But I can ’t , because I ’m living in this area .
If I marry a girl from Bethlehem , I ca n’t live with her in Bethlehem because then I ’d have to move to the city and lose my land and my house .
If I want to marry a girl from Jerusalem , she ’d refuse .
I do n’t have an Israeli ID and I ca n’t go anywhere inside Jerusalem .
This is no way to make a family .
So I ’m stuck .
I think I ’ll never get married , because I need to protect my house .
Maybe there ’ll be a solution soon , and things will change .
All images by Nora Barrows - Friedman .
Nora Barrows - Friedman is the co-host and Senior Producer of Flashpoints , a daily investigative newsmagazine on Pacifica Radio .
She is also a correspondent for Inter Press Service .
She regularly reports from Palestine , where she also runs media workshops for youth in the Dheisheh refugee camp in the occupied West Bank .
By Mike Bruno
More
ellipsis More
IN COMPETITION
Tournee , directed by Mathieu Almaric
Des Hommes des Dieux , directed by Xavier Beauvois
Biutiful , directed by Alejandro Gonzales Innaritu
Hors - la - loi , directed by Rachid Bouchareb
Un Homme Qui Crie , directed by Mahamat - Saleh Haroun
Housemaid , directed by Im Sangsoo
Copie Conforme , directed by Abbas Kiarostami
Outrage , directed by Takeshi Kitano
Poetry , directed by Lee Chang - dong
Another Year , directed by Mike Leigh
Fair Game , directed by Doug Liman
You , My Joy , directed by Sergei Lovnitsa
La Nostra Vita , directed by Daniele Luchetti
Utomlyonnye Solntsem 2 , directed by Nikita Mikhalkov
La Princesse de Monptpensier , directed by Bertrand Tavernier
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives , directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul
OUT OF COMPETITION
You Will Meet A Tall Dark Stranger , directed by Woody Allen
Tamara Drewe , directed by Stephen Frears
Wall Street – Money Never Sleeps , directed by Oliver Stone
MIDNIGHT SCREENINGS
Kaboom , directed by Gregg Araki
L’Autre Monde ( Blackhole ) , directed by Gilles Marchand
UN CERTAIN REGARD
Blue Valentine , directed by Derek Cianfrance
O Estranho Caso de Angelica , directed by Manouel de Oliveira
Les Amours Imaginaires ( Heartbeats ) , directed by Xavier Dolan
Los Labios , directed by Ivan Fund and Santiago Loza
Simon Werner a Disparu … directed by Fabrice Gobert
Film Socialisme , directed by Jean - Luc Godard
Unter Dir Die Stadt ( The City Below ) , directed by Christoph Hochhausler
Rebecca H. ( Return to the Dogs ) , directed by Lodge Kerrigan
Pal Adreinn ( Adrienn Pal ) , directed by Agnes Kocsis
Udaan , directed by Vikramaditya Motwane
Marti Dupa Craciun ( Tuesday , After Christmas ) , directed by Radu Muntean
Chatroom , directed by Hideo Nakata
Aurora , directed by Cristi Puiu
Ha Ha Ha , directed by Hong Sangsoo
Life Above All , directed by Oliver Schmitz
Octubre , directed by Daniel Vega
R U There , directed by David Verbeek
Rizhao Chongqing ( Chongqing Blues ) , directed by Xiaoshuai Wang
SPECIAL SCREENINGS
Inside Job , directed by Charles Ferguson
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow , directed by Sophie Fiennes
Nostalgia for the Light , directed by Patricio Guzman
Draquila – L’Italia Che Trema , directed by Sabina Guzzanti
Chantrapas , directed by Otar Iosseliani
Abel , directed by Diego Luna
COMPETITION JURY
Tim Burton , president
Alberto Barbera
Kate Beckinsale
Emmanuel Carre
Benicio Del Toro
Victor Erice
Shekhar Kapur
I recently got to read Freedom , the new book by Daniel Suarez , and can highly recommend it .
If you have n’t read Suarez ’s earlier book Daemon then you should read that Daemon first .
If you have read it , Suarez picks up where the first book ended .
Daemon and Freedom are set in a future tantalizingly close to the present .
In Daemon , a software tycoon and game designer named Matthew Sobol is dying .
Sobol writes a program called the Daemon that scans news sites on the web for stories about his death .
When the Daemon detects ( via the web ) that Sobol has died , it springs into action .
A wider audience can enjoy Daemon , but computer science and techie folks will especially enjoy how plausible some of the ideas are .
For example , the Daemon initially stays below the radar of the government by recruiting from within a massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) , which skews toward a younger demographic and not older FBI agents .
As someone who has seen weird , emergent behavior like this , I can understand why a bunch of people on the web enjoyed Daemon .
Freedom continues the world of the Daemon , but now we learn that the Daemon might not be all bad ; it might just be ruthless in changing the world .
Freedom pushes the concepts of Daemon even further : members of the guerrilla resistance fight against copyrighted DNA and for sustainable next - generation energy .
They also share a private augmented reality .
The new members of the “ darknet ” also share an interesting reputation system that ’s a bit of a cross between Whuffie and PageRank .
You can enjoy Freedom for the action ( there ’s plenty of that , especially later in the book ) , but the “ idea density ” of Freedom will leave you thinking afterwards .
Recommended , especially if you like Daemon or other books like The Truth Machine or The Unincorporated Man .
Red Dead Redemption DLC will add an all - new cooperative multiplayer mode revealed developer Rockstar and publisher Take Two .
The game is set for release on Xbox 360 & PS3 on May 18 , 2010 .
Called the “ Outlaws To The End ” Co - Op multiplayer Mission Pack , this downloadable content will be available for free this June simultaneously for Xbox LIVE and PlayStation Network .
The brand new co-op mode adds an entirely new dimension to Red Dead Redemption ’s game play by allowing two - four players to tackle some new missions together .
“ Multiplayer in Red Dead Redemption offers players a whole new way to encounter the massive open world we ’ve created , but we felt the experience would not be complete without co-op game play , ” said Sam Houser , Founder of Rockstar Games .
“ With these missions , we wanted to create new ways for players to share in the experience of engaging with this amazing landscape . ”
One of three upcoming downloadable content packs in development , the Outlaws To The End Co - Op Mission Pack features six all - new multiplayer missions full of outlaws , epic gunfights , and revolution for 2 - 4 players .
The “ Outlaws to the End ” Co - Op Mission Pack offers additional multiplayer XP rewards and brand new Achievements and Trophies to unlock as well .
These six explosive and epic missions will play out across the game world .
They include the following :
Walton ’s Gold – Walton ’s Gang have taken control of a mining camp rich with gold .
Fight through the camp and load your mine cart with as much gold as you can carry and get out as fast as you can – Walton ’s boys have rigged the place to blow .
The River – Ride a raft down river , taking out rebel encampments along the way until you reach the rebel stronghold of Nosalida and a final epic battle for the town ’s massive weapons caches .
Watch out for Gatling gun-equipped enemy rafts .
Ammunition – The Mexican Army has the town of Tesoro Azul under siege .
Storm the gates under heavy cannon , Gatling gun and sniper fire to destroy the Mexican artillery placements .
Here is a trailer for this great looking Westerner .
Share :
IBIZA , Spain , March 15 / PRNewswire / --
A CLASH between an Ibiza taxi owner and one of his drivers has revealed that a single taxi could bring in almost 2,000 pounds Sterling a day – or more than 50,000 pounds in one of the summer months when tourism is at its peak .
The driver was working only four hours a day for the owner of the taxi , but he admitted that , during his last three days of work , he had made over 1,000 pounds in fares – equivalent to a nice rate of around 88 pounds an hour .
The case highlights the huge sums of money that minicabs – both legal and illegal – can rake in on the island .
An alternative option is to hire a car .
Ritmo
Cars offer some very competitive rates for car hire in Ibiza ( because of the large volume of tourists to the island , Ibiza car hire prices are generally highly competitive ) .
Since it is almost impossible to cater for the unpredictable number of extra visitors who arrive during high summer , it can be hard at times to hire a car at certain times in the summer months .
People who want to hire a car are advised to book a car as soon as they are sure of the dates of their visit to Ibiza .
Ibiza car hire in Ibiza gives visitors a chance to see more of the island than just the packed streets and hectic nightlife .
They can , for example , drive over to the west coast of Ibiza , to see its stunning coastline , or find the ideal , secret spot to soak up the sun – far away from the overheated streets where taxi owners clash with their drivers .
About Ritmo Cars
Ritmo Cars , established to provide car hire in Mallorca in 2009 is headquartered in Ibiza .
It is now recognized as one of the leading car rental services in the Balearic Islands providing car hire in Ibiza and more recently car hire in Menorca .
Ritmo Cars believes in providing competitively priced services without compromising on the guarantee of quality .
For more information please visit http://www.ritmocars.co.uk
SOURCE Ritmo Cars
The extraordinary surge in support for the Liberal Democrats continued to gather pace today as a Guardian / ICM poll put the party in second place on 30 % , up ten points in a week .
Labour has been forced into third for the first time ever in the Guardian / ICM voting series , which began in 1984 .
The findings – which follow a dramatic series of weekend polls including an ICM survey only partly carried out after last Thursday 's televised leaders ' debate – suggest Britain is on course for a hung parliament .
Since the last Guardian / ICM survey a week ago , Labour support has sunk by three points and Conservative support by four points .
All the fieldwork for the poll was carried out after the leaders ' debate .
The Conservatives are on 33 % , the score achieved under Michael Howard in the 2005 election and the party 's lowest in any ICM poll since July 2007 .
Labour , on 28 % , is at its lowest since last October .
Other smaller parties are on 9 % , including four for the nationalists , two for Ukip and one for the Greens .
There is no sign of the Lib Dem surge also helping other small parties .
Compared with the more recent weekend ICM poll for the Sunday Telegraph , which was conducted only partially after the debate , Labour are down one , the Conservatives down one and the Lib Dems up three .
It is impossible to calculate today 's poll results reliably in terms of parliamentary seats although , if votes moved proportionately in every seat , Labour might end up as the largest party despite coming third in votes .
The Lib Dems , although second in votes , would be substantially behind the other two parties in terms of seats .
The party is attempting to manage expectations after its recent poll boosts .
Speaking in London , the Lib Dem leader , Nick Clegg , said : " I think this general election campaign is starting to come to life for the simple reason that a growing number of people are starting – it is only a start – starting to believe , starting to hope , that we can do something different this time .
" [ They are starting to believe ] that the old tired choices that they have been given by the old parties of the past no longer need to govern the way in which we run politics in the future . "
The Tory leader , David Cameron , warned voters that a hung parliament would result in a Labour government , saying it would lead to politicians " haggling " and trying to " stitch things together " while voters could find they were " stuck with what you have got " .
" We have to explain that actually if you get that , you are not going to get the decisive action and the change we need , " he said at a campaign event in London .
The Tories today shelved a party political broadcast attacking Labour in favour of one that " responds to the public mood " .
The broadcast , due to have been aired this evening , has been replaced with a " personal statement " from Cameron in which he details his values and qualities .
The statement was filmed last night in the back garden of his London home .
Gordon Brown said the election should be decided on issues , not personalities .
Speaking to journalists on a train to the West Midlands , he said : " We have heard quite a lot about who people are , but not what they stand for .
" It 's not going to be the X Factor multiplied by three .
People will make their minds up on the basis of policy . "
An analysis of today 's Guardian / ICM poll shows the Lib Dems are drawing support from all directions , including from some people who did not vote at the last election .
Labour and Conservative hopes that the Lib Dem breakthrough is illusory are not borne out by the data , which suggests existing party supporters are also moving strongly to Clegg 's party .
The Lib Dems are picking up most votes from Labour , which is down eight points on its 2005 election performance which had been the lowest in recent times for a governing party .
In today 's poll , the Lib Dems have gained twice as much support from Labour as from the Conservatives .
Meanwhile , Labour is losing support in all directions , including to the Conservatives and other smaller parties .
The Tories are losing almost no support to Labour and are gaining almost as many former Labour votes as they are losing former Tories to the Lib Dems .
Clegg still lags in third place as the man voters see as the most competent prime minister , on 21 % against 32 % for Cameron and 30 % for Brown .
But he trumps his rivals by being seen as a man who is more about substance than spin .
Cameron fails on this , with 44 % thinking him insubstantial against 29 % who say that of Brown and only 19 % of Clegg .
Clegg is also seen overwhelmingly as the most honest party leader .
While 53 % think Cameron is honest about his policies and their implications and 51 % think Brown is honest , 74 % say so of Clegg .
• ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1024 adults aged 18 + by telephone on 16 - 18 April .
Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults .
ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules .
The Brown Law Office LLC is a law firm devoted to the practice of family law including such matters as divorce , child custody , child support , modifications of divorce decree , grandparents ' rights and other similar cases .
Located in Commerce , the law firm was established in 1975 by John Terry Brown after receiving his Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Georgia and serving as an attorney with a defense firm in southeast Georgia and an adjunct professor of American government at two junior colleges .
The Brown Law Office takes great professional pride in its divorce and family law work and is totally devoted to the legal interests of its clients and protecting those rights .
The firm continually strives to improve its performance and service and attempts to be accessible to its clients at all times .
The firm serves clients in Commerce , Athens , Gainesville and throughout northeast Georgia .
The philosophy of the firm is simple .
We are aggressive and strive to build the best case possible utilizing all available tools of the law at the firm 's disposal , including outside expertise such as investigators , forensic accountants and appraisers , and child psychologists in custody cases .
In our opinion only by aggressively pursuing a matter can a case be successfully resolved , whether by mediation , settlement or trial .
The firm is always willing to settle if a settlement is in the client 's interest ; otherwise , the firm has absolutely no hesitation in resolving the matter through trial .
If you are looking for a firm which will aggressively pursue your case , work hard and devote the necessary time and effort to provide the best possible chance for success , please contact us to schedule an appointment with our experienced Commerce lawyer .
Taking inspiration from a popular executive toy ( " Newton 's cradle " ) , researchers at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) have built a device -- called a nonlinear acoustic lens -- that produces highly focused , high - amplitude acoustic signals dubbed " sound bullets . "
The acoustic lens and its sound bullets ( which can exist in fluids -- like air and water -- as well as in solids ) have " the potential to revolutionize applications from medical imaging and therapy to the nondestructive evaluation of materials and engineering systems , " says Chiara Daraio , assistant professor of aeronautics and applied physics at Caltech and corresponding author of a recent paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) describing the development .
Daraio and postdoctoral scholar Alessandro Spadoni , first author of the paper , crafted their acoustic lens by assembling 21 parallel chains of stainless steel spheres into an array .
Each of the 21 chains was strung with 21 9.5 - millimeter - wide spheres .
( Daraio says particles composed of other elastic materials and / or with different shapes also could be used . )
The device is akin to the Newton 's cradle toy , which consists of a line of identical balls suspended from a frame by wires in such a way that they only move in one plane , and just barely touch one another .
When one of the end balls is pulled back and released , it strikes the next ball in line and the ball at the opposite end of the cradle flies out ; the balls in the middle appear to remain stationary ( but really are not , because of the nonlinear dynamics triggered in the system ) .
The chains of particles in Daraio's and Spadoni 's acoustic lens are like a longer version of a Newton 's cradle .
In the lens , a pulse is excited at one end by an impact with a striker , and nonlinear waves are generated within each chain .
These chains , Daraio says , " are the simplest representation of highly nonlinear acoustic waveguides , which exploit the properties of particle contacts to tune the shapes of the traveling acoustic signals and their speed of propagation , creating compact acoustic pulses known as solitary waves . "
Solitary waves -- unlike the rippling waves produced by dropping a pebble into a pond -- can exist in isolation , neither preceded nor followed by other waves .
" The solitary waves always maintain the same spatial wavelength in a given system , " she adds , " and can have very high amplitude without undergoing any distortion within the lens , unlike the signals produced by currently available technology . "
The chains are squeezed closer together -- or " precompressed " -- using fishing line .
By changing the amount of precompression , Daraio and Spadoni were able to vary the speed of the solitary wave .
When a series of those waves exit the array , they coalesce at a particular location -- a focal point -- in a target material ( which can be a gas , like air ; a liquid ; or a solid ) .
This superposition of solitary waves at the focal point forms the sound bullet -- a highly compact , large - amplitude acoustic wave .
Varying the parameters of the system can also produce a rapid - fire barrage of sound bullets , all trained on the same spot .
advertisement
In the current design , the spheres are assembled in a two - dimensional arrangement , with each row independent of its neighbors .
" Three - dimensional arrangements will be just as easy to create and will allow 3 - D control of the sound bullets ' appearance and travel path , " Spadoni says .
" Our lens introduces the ability to generate compact , high - amplitude signals in a linear medium , and also allows us to dynamically control the location of the focal point , " Daraio says .
That means it is n't necessary to change any of the geometric components of the lens to change the location of the focal point .
" All we do is adjust the precompression for each chain of spheres , " she says .
This simple adjustment should make the sound bullets easy to adapt to a variety of applications .
" Anybody who has had an ultrasound exam has noted that the operator switches the probes according to the characteristics and location within the body of what is being imaged , " Daraio says .
" The acoustic lens we propose would not require replacement of its components , but rather simple adjustments of the precompression on each chain . "
The acoustic lens created by Daraio and Spadoni was intended to be a proof of concept , and is probably many years away from being used in commercial applications .
" For practical uses , " Daraio says , " an improved design for controlling the application of static precompression on each chain would be required -- based , for example , on electronics rather than on mechanical impacts as is currently done in our lab . "
Still , the instrument has the potential to surpass the clarity and safety of conventional medical ultrasound imaging .
The pulses produced by the acoustic lens -- which are an order of magnitude more focused and have amplitudes that are orders of magnitude greater than can be created with conventional acoustic devices -- " reduce the detrimental effects of noise , producing a clearer image of the target . "
They also " can travel farther " -- deeper within the body -- " than low - amplitude pulses , " Daraio says .
advertisement
More intriguingly , the device could enable the development of a non-invasive scalpel that could home in on and destroy cancerous tissues located deep within the body .
" Medical procedures such as hyperthermia therapy seek to act on human tissues by locally increasing the temperature .
This is often done by focusing high - energy acoustic signals onto a small area , requiring significant control of the focal region " so that healthy tissue is not also heated and damaged , Daraio explains .
" Our lens produces a very compact focal region which could aid further development of hyperthermia techniques . "
Furthermore , sound bullets could offer a nondestructive way to probe and analyze the interior of nontransparent objects like bridges , ship hulls , and airplane wings , looking for cracks or other defects .
" Today the performance of acoustic devices is decreased by their linear operational range , which limits the accuracy of the focusing and the amplitude achievable at the focal point , " Daraio says .
" The new nonlinear acoustic lens proposed with this work leverages nonlinear effects to generate compact acoustic pulses with energies much higher than are currently achievable , with the added benefit of providing great control of the focal position . "
Amazon just announced a 2.5 software update for its Kindle and Kindle DX readers .
At the moment , it 's rolling out the update to a " limited group " of Kindle users with a general release coming at the end of May .
Enhancements include the ability to organize books and documents into " collections , " pan and zoom within PDFs , Kindle password protection , larger and sharper fonts , and just what you 've always wanted : the ability to " share book passages with friends on Facebook and Twitter . "
Somebody pinch us .
The Health Service Executive left a 16 - year - old boy , who is waiting for psychiatric assessment , in an internet cafe on Tuesday night because it had no suitable accommodation for him .
The incident was revealed by Fine Gael 's Alan Shatter during a Dáil debate on the proposed Constitutional Amendment on the rights of children .
Mr Shatter said the boy was no longer in the education system , had fallen into a street life and was becoming drug dependent .
Mr Shatter asked Minister for Children Barry Andrews to find out what was happening to that boy .
He said other gaps in child care services were exposed in today 's newspapers .
These include the case of a young Chinese girl who arrived in Ireland this year and disappeared after one day in a B&B .
She is feared to have been the victim of human trafficking .
Mr Shatter said there was also a 17 - year - old boy , with severe mental health difficulties , who was known to the HSE in two areas , but neither area would take responsibility for him .
He had been psychiatrically assessed but there had been no follow - up .
It was believed he had been sexually abused , but according to Mr Shatter the boy had essentially been ' cut loose ' by the HSE .
Mr Shatter said that the two boys could be wandering the streets tonight .
These children did not need a Constitutional Amendment about their rights , they needed someone to resolve the failures in the HSE , he said .
In a statement , the HSE said it has been informed that the office of the Minister for Children is contacting Mr Shatter to get information from him in relation to the two teenagers .
The HSE said it will immediately follow - up on both cases once it has this information .
It said it takes the issues raised by Mr Shatter ' very seriously ' .
“ IPCC – How not to compare temperatures “ .
Anthony Watts posts Frank Lansner ’s complaint on a favorite subject , alleged flaws in how the IPCC compares temperatures .
Frank says that “ there are numerous issues discussed intensely when it comes to IPCC - illustrations of historic temperatures ” but other than the standard check list of groundless accusations and fabrications , his case really boils down to this : the IPCC is using too many temperature data sources and is averaging them !
So suddenly the problem is n’t lack of data , now it ’s too much data .
I also have to note with some astonishment that this is a complaint about how the IPCC illustrates historic temperature trends , not about the statistical trends that they are attempting to illustrate .
Friday , Arizona Governor Jan Brewer ( R ) signed an important NRA - backed bill into law , which removes the licensure requirement for law - abiding citizens who choose to carry a concealed firearm in the state of Arizona .
Senate Bill 1108 passed the state House on April 8 , by a vote of 36 - 19 with five absent votes and the state Senate by a vote of 20 - 10 in late March .
“ This is a major victory for gun owners in Arizona , and I would like to thank Governor Jan Brewer , as well as the primary bill sponsor , Senator Russell Pearce ( R - Mesa ) , for their leadership in working to improve the self - defense rights of law - abiding citizens in Arizona , " said Chris W. Cox , executive director of NRA - ILA .
“ Both Governor Brewer and state Senator Pearce have been strong supporters of the NRA .
The NRA is also grateful to the legislators who voted for this measure making Arizona the third state in the nation behind Vermont and Alaska to offer its residents a constitutional carry option . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
SB 1108 replaces Arizona ’s former law , which required anyone who wished to defend themselves outside their home to possess a state - issued concealed carry permit .
In Arizona ’s constitution , Article 2 , Section 26 states " the right of the individual citizen to bear arms in defense of himself or the state shall not be impaired … "
The intention of this language could not be clearer .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Arizona residents will still be required to obtain a permit to carry concealed firearms across state lines in those states that have reciprocity agreements with Arizona .
" SB 1108 will enhance the rights of law - abiding Arizonans , " concluded Cox .
The effective date for this bill has yet to be determined .
undefined
I 'm glad .
I spent a good amount of my boring work day putting it together .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Thank you !
It brightened up my day .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Although I 'm pretty sure that first cat is a dog .
I LOVE THIS POST THOUGH BB .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
So glad you did , I love this post ! :)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This is a good post and you should feel good .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Thank you so much !
This is like the best post ever !!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Now everyone else will , too !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i am obsessed with this post
Reply
Thread
Link
Here to say I love my cat / cats and kept saying aww as I scrolled down
Reply
Thread
Link
i did the exact same thing !
my boyfriend and i are moving in together next month and he promised me a kitten .
sooo excited .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
my boyfriend is allergic to cats :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
no this is a cat post
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'd be down with that also .
If not , I 'll give you one tomorrow . ;)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i'm allergic to cats .
Reply
Thread
Link
me too :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me fourth
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ME TOO :(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me sixth
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I read this and sneezed .
HAHA !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too , suddenly , after 20 years
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too ... i feel like i can't really join in on the fun .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i am too .
but i love cats too much to not have them .
the sneezes , watery eyes , and runny noses are worth it
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Here come the fatties .
Reply
Thread
Link
http://pics.livejournal.com/ecctv/gallery/000hbgp7?page=1
moar moar
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
throw some glasses on that cat and its my boss .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Fat cats are the best .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
What 's chub got to do
.... got to do with it ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
people with harry potter icons shoul n't throw stones at crazy cat ladies .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Edited at 2010 - 04-20 09:26 pm ( UTC )
I 'm a dog person through and through but I have to admit one of our cats is leg and dairy :
Reply
Thread
Link
Squeeee so cute
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Does n't evn look REAL d'aaaaaaawwwww
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
A++ fat cat .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
A +
also , Jujubee FTW !
Or Raven .
Just not Tyra .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I know I love Juju but then I love Raven ( I loved his expression when Juju read him ) .
I do n't even hate Tyra as much as I used to .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I love you OP .
This post is A +
Reply
Thread
Link
im allergic to them :(
Reply
Thread
Link
me too bb me too
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Best post ever .
Thx bai .
Reply
Thread
Link
This pretty much sums up how I 'm feeling about this post < 3 OP , ily !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
loling for days at
1 ) this post
2 ) " dog stans "
3 ) Paul Newman 's socks and loafers
Reply
Thread
Link
i bet you 'll make a dog post lol idk
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
AWWWWWWWWW !
THEY'RE BOTH SO CUTE
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
aw how cute !!!!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Awwww <3
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Awww .
So this is the cate Elizabeth Taylor gave to Jimmy .
I wonder what was Old Hollywood 's fascination with Siamese cats .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol @ Marcus being in quotes .
" Marcus . "
Like they do n't believe its his name .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
that cigarette is going to ash all over that kitteh 's face =(
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
PRESH .
although i was always under the impression that the cat 's name was markie .
ah who cares i love this old hollywood GQMF so much .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lolwut .
but the cats are cute .
Reply
Thread
Link
OMG YES !!
Reply
Thread
Link
shhh , it does n't matter .
all these cats are dead now .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
A handout graphic designed image released from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) shows what the Japanese satellite Ikaros might look like in space .
Japan is to launch a " space yacht " propelled by solar particles that bounce off its kite - shaped sails .
Japan is to launch a " space yacht " propelled by solar particles that bounce off its kite - shaped sails , the country 's space agency said Tuesday .
A rocket carrying the Ikaros -- an acronym for Interplanetary Kite - craft Accelerated by Radiation of the Sun -- will blast off from the Tanegashima space centre in southern Japan on May 18 .
" Ikaros is a ' space yacht ' that gets propulsion from the pressure of sunlight particles bouncing off its sail , " Yuichi Tsuda , space systems expert at the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) , told journalists .
The flexible sails , which are thinner than a human hair , are also equipped with thin - film solar cells to generate electricity to create " a hybrid technology of electricity and pressure " , Tsuda said .
" Solar sails are the technology that realises space travel without fuel as long as we have sunlight .
The availability of electricity would enable us to navigate farther and more effectively in the solar system . "
Ikaros , which has cost 1.5 billion yen ( 16 million dollars ) to develop , will be the first use of the technology in deep space , as past experiments have been limited to unfolding its sails in orbits around the Earth , said Tsuda .
JAXA plans to control the path of Ikaros by changing the angle at which sunlight particles bounce off the silver - coloured sail .
Ikaros will be a short cylindrical shape when it is released into space and will then extend its 14 - metre ( 46 foot ) sail , JAXA said .
The name of the spacecraft alludes to Icarus , the figure from Greek mythology who flew too close to the sun and fell into the sea , but Tsuda promised that " this Ikaros will not fly into the sun " .
The same rocket will also launch Japan 's first satellite bound for Venus , called the Akatsuki , or PLANET-C , which will work closely with Venus Express , a satellite sent earlier by the European Space Agency .
In coming years , JAXA may launch other bold projects .
An expert panel to the government has proposed Japan send a wheeled robot to the moon in five years and build the world 's first lunar base by 2020 , a Strategic Headquarters for Space Policy official said Tuesday .
Under the plan , the robot's tasks would include setting up an observation device , gathering geological samples and sending data back to Earth .
The robot would also set up solar panels to generate energy , the official said .
The expert panel initially considered sending a two - legged humanoid but judged a " rover - type " robot more practical .
" It is still difficult for a biped robot to walk on a bumpy surface , even on Earth , " the official said .
The team also envisions building the world 's first station on the moon by about 2020 , which would be staffed by advanced wheeled robots , he said .
The group estimates the unmanned mission would cost Japan 200 billion yen ( two billion dollars ) over the next 10 years .
The 20 - member team -- made up of experts from JAXA as well as business and academia -- advises Transport Minister Seiji Maehara .
It plans to submit a report to Maehara , the minister in charge of space exploration , by late June , which would be discussed at the Strategic Headquarters for Space Policy , chaired by Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama .
Explore further
Tech sails into space - based research project
( c ) 2010 AFP
The Queensland Holidays website lists Mornington Island , in the Gulf of Carpentaria , as a possible holiday destination .
The marketing spiel consists of this paragraph :
“ Mornington Island is an Aboriginal community and permission to land on the Island must be sought from the Mornington Shire Council by mail , six weeks prior to the intended visit .
There is no guarantee of permission being granted . ”
The reason why not is apparent from the story of May 22 , 2008 , by Tony Koch , one of The Australian ’s reporters who have vigorously pursued stories of indigenous violence that most of the media have not wanted to know about .
The report is of a case in the Mount Isa Children ’s Court , in which eight Mornington males aged thirteen to twenty were charged with the gang rape of a 22 - year - old woman .
The alleged attack left her with serious external and internal injuries after being bashed and raped with objects such as sticks .
Explaining the background to the case , Koch writes :
“ At any one time , more than 40 children [ out of a total population of 1100 ] are in care on the mainland because of the neglect and abuse they receive on the island from parents who are unable or unwilling to look after them as a result of their alcohol addiction …
“ Special legislation was introduced in the Queensland parliament last year banning the sale of home - brew kits after locals , defiant at having access to the liquor canteen curtailed , began making their own alcoholic beverages . ”
If the rape case was not exceptional for Mornington , neither is Mornington exceptional among remote indigenous communities .
In June a report ranked Queensland ’s remote communities according to the level of hospital admissions for assault .
Kowanyama had a rate eight times the state average .
That is the safest one .
The worst , Woorabinda , had a rate forty - five times the state average .
Mornington ’s figure is twenty - nine times the average ( a slight improvement on the figures before the introduction of the “ alcohol management plan ” in November 2003 , but as a total of 284 persons have been convicted of breaches of the plan ’s alcohol carriage restrictions , the plan is obviously not too solidly in place ) .
The raw figures possibly need adjusting for the tendency of some indigenous to avoid hospital and the distance of some communities from hospitals , suggesting that indigenous assaults are less likely to result in hospital admissions than non-indigenous .
Nor is Queensland exceptional .
The stories from Northern Territory court cases and from the West Australian coroner ’s reports on the Kimberley are worse .
The facts of violence are clear but the causes and cure are not .
Or rather , some of the causes are clear enough but the full story of why things are so bad remains baffling .
Obviously alcohol and welfare dependency are important parts of the causes , but those factors are operative in many communities , white and black , and it is far from clear why the effects in remote communities are so far beyond anything found elsewhere , in their extreme levels of violence , ill - health and atrocious education .
What one would wish is that someone intelligent and perceptive would go to a remote community on our behalf , sit and observe it sympathetically but honestly for a few decades , then report back .
It has been done .
The Canadian / British anthropologist David McKnight visited Mornington over several decades from 1966 , spending a total of six years there .
Before his death in 2006 he wrote up the results in four books , notably From Hunting to Drinking : The Devastating Effects of Alcohol on an Australian Aboriginal Community ( Routledge , 2002 ) and Of Marriage , Violence and Sorcery ( Ashgate , 2005 ) .
Every page makes it clear that he is exactly the kind of person one would like to observe on one ’s behalf — perceptive , patient , able to get along with most people , ready to listen but not easy to fool .
What he says is confirmed in its earlier parts by two autobiographies written by native Mornington Islanders , and in its account of later horrors by the work of another anthropologist , Peter Sutton , on Aurukun ( especially his 2001 article , “ The Politics of Suffering : Indigenous Policy in Australia since the 1970s ” ) .
What McKnight has to say is in some parts obvious enough , but in other parts has some surprising insights that go well beyond the terms of the current debate on indigenous affairs .
First , the history .
Mornington has a short history of white settlement , and McKnight in 1966 was in time to get to know several older people who had clear memories of traditional life before the establishment of the Presbyterian mission in 1914 .
There was no “ invasion ” or dispossession , nor any motivation why one should have been attempted .
The inhabitants seem to have regarded the mission as a source of both inconveniences , such as control over various aspects of life , and opportunities , such as health care and European goods like outboard motors that made hunting easier .
From the 1920s to the early 1950s , the entire younger generation was raised in the mission ’s dormitories .
How the missionaries were able to exert that level of control does not become clear .
All McKnight says explicitly about it is “ for most young girls the threat of being expelled was enough to keep them under control ” .
The period of the mission was something of a golden age , especially during the tenure of the Rev. Belcher ( 1953 to 1972 ) .
McKnight emphasises that he is an atheist and has no interest in Christianity ; he just found the missionaries reasonable people with a genuine concern and respect for the Aboriginal people they were dealing with ( in marked contrast , he says , to the incompetent and venal careerists who succeeded them when Mornington became a shire ) .
In the mission era , children went to school and learned spoken and written English , even if not to the standard in white schools .
A number of men worked as stockmen on the mainland and were proud of their work and ability to earn income , and they had no difficulty with a complex banking system with passbooks set up especially for Aboriginal workers .
As Presbyterian ideology favoured self - reliance , in the late 1960s the island store was successfully run by an Aboriginal man .
There was virtually no alcohol .
In view of the extreme levels of killings on the island in both pre- and post - missionary times , including seven or eight murders in the 1990s , it is astounding to read that between 1917 and 1975 there was only one homicide ( and that was believed by many to have been an accident ) .
Then everything went wrong .
One big thing — the opening of the canteen in 1976 — and many smaller things : poor leadership in the shire , the decline of the cattle industry ( partly but not wholly because of award wages to Aboriginal workers ) , the replacement of work by welfare payments , a growing contempt by the young for older values whether traditional or Christian , falling education levels and a rising tide of violence .
McKnight was so distressed by the violence in the late 1970s that he almost changed his research area , but in the end went back several times and recorded later developments .
In the light of what McKnight says , let ’s answer a few questions that everyone has about why things are so bad .
Do traditional ways and beliefs survive ?
Yes .
It is an illusion of perspective to think people in Aboriginal communities spend their days worrying about white society , whether to be enraged , resentful , grasping or co-operative .
They have other things to do , like the rest of us , dealing with their families and associates , who , in remote communities , are overwhelmingly black .
In those circumstances , a core of traditional ways of doing things really does survive from pre-white times , and modes of dealing with white society are an add - on ( though by this time a well - ingrained one ) .
Thus references in court cases or land rights inquiries to “ traditional law ” or “ attachment to land ” may be genuine though in individual cases may not be , while discussions of violence , education and economic incentives need to take account of the context of traditional practices of control and sharing .
( Those comments do not necessarily generalise to communities with much longer histories of interaction with whites . )
The survival of more positive aspects of traditional culture — for example , there are two books on Mornington art and the island ’s dance troupe ’s travels to festivals on the mainland — is an index of the survival of culture more generally .
Was traditional Aboriginal society violent ?
Yes .
On his earliest visits , McKnight recorded older people ’s stories of violence many years earlier , and others are available in the 1971 memoir by a local , Dick Roughsey ’s Moon and Rainbow .
They are confirmed by the work of T.G.H. Strehlow , Joan Kimm and others on other parts of Australia .
There was sometimes large - scale ( but short - term ) war between different groups , for example when one group was blamed by others for causing a cyclone .
Small - scale violence occurred regularly over the breaking of taboos , elopements and punishments for infidelity and disputes about the distribution of meat .
McKnight is scathing about the avoidance of the topic of violence by some anthropologists and other writers .
“ It seems to be quite acceptable to write about violence , ” he says , “ providing that one takes the line that the people are basically peace loving and shy but they have become violent because of exploitation by Europeans . ”
Peter Sutton finds it necessary to begin his account of violence in Aurukun by quoting another anthropologist :
“ To suggest that precontact indigenous life was anything but Edenic and that traditional modes of socialization and social control may contribute to the contemporary problem of violence is to risk being accused of blaming the victims and excusing their oppressors . ”
Hopefully the racism involved in averting one ’s eyes from the violence in any particular culture is now obvious enough that such things no longer need to be said .
Is contemporary violence descended from pre-contact violence ?
Yes .
Although there were n’t homicides on Mornington in the mission era , there was incessant violence .
McKnight gives a detailed account of an evening of violence in 1977 and writes :
“ During a period of seven days I recorded 23 fights .
To give some idea of the incidence of violence it should be borne in mind that in most fights several persons traded blows .
It would not be an exaggeration to say that there were many more fights that I failed to record or that occurred but I did not know about first hand .
All the fights that I did record were in only a small part of the community . ”
The style of violence was similar to earlier times : fights began with the sort of dispute that happens in any community , about jealousy , competition , insults or payback for previous violence .
But the escalation to violence was fast , then kinship obligations and the close proximity in which people were living soon had many combatants hitting one another .
Violence was largely male but women joined in .
Is alcohol a basic cause of violence ?
Yes , but …
The scale of violence on Mornington escalated drastically when alcohol became freely available .
Where previously it was usually clear what a fight was about , people now said resignedly , “ Just drunken fight . ”
Most of the worst cases of violence reported in court cases in the last few years have been perpetrated by people while drunk .
But alcohol entered a situation where violence was already endemic .
McKnight sadly records the effect of the interaction of alcohol , the existing culture of violence and the breakdown of traditional authority :
“ After 1978 Mornington underwent a fundamental change with suicide and homicide becoming more common .
By 1999 the suicide rate was some 34 times that of Queensland and a person was some 25 times more likely to be killed on Mornington than in any other place in Queensland . ”
Alcohol is also a direct cause of violence in a longer - term sense , in that sufferers from fetal alcohol syndrome lack self - control .
Are there cultural factors that inhibit improvements to violence , health and education ?
Here McKnight is at his most valuable .
Indigenous society , as he explains in detail , is fundamentally more communal than modern white society .
“ Western individualism ” implies some basic attitudes and practices that we need to be consciously aware of , so as not to assume they apply in another society .
A typical Australian wage earner or welfare recipient collects his / her payment , enters a home into which others do not come without invitation , spends the money on what he / she determines , and directs the use of the items the money buys .
None of that can be assumed true in a highly communal society .
Private property is a meaningless concept if one is enmeshed in a network of obligations to give away everything if kin demand it .
There is shame in refusing a request from someone appropriately kin , and refusals can engender grudges that are held for a long time .
For the division of irregular hunting kills , there was a good reason for a system of rights to portions of it .
The same practices are dysfunctional in a modern setting .
No one except “ bigmen ” has the unimpeded power to spend their own wages , pension or baby bonus , retain their own medicines , repair anything , or find a place to study in a house full of twenty relatives .
It does not make sense to talk of “ economic incentives ” in the usual sense or the provision of jobs or training in situations where people do not retain the fruit of their labours .
Communal obligation also means that social pressure to drink is similar to but much stronger than “ peer pressure ” in a white social setting .
It also results in the small number of teetotallers being run ragged by their obligations to look after drunks and their children — and with the last generation of mission - educated grandmothers dying off , the families they have held together are likely to fall apart even further .
Finally , obligations include support in disputes , so individual fights quickly turn into all - in melees .
McKnight suggests also that one reason for increased violence was what he calls “ relational density ” .
In pre-contact times , Mornington Islanders lived in groups of about twenty or thirty , in which , naturally , everyone had some sort of personal relationship or “ kinship ” with everyone else , with corresponding degrees of rights and obligations .
When hundreds of people collected in a village near the mission , everyone including long - term white settlers was incorporated into kinship systems .
The cognitive load of understanding every individual ’s relations with everyone else became enormous , with high potential for proliferating disputes about legitimacy of marriages , obligations to help , food , old and complex feuds and so on .
There were also some problems with traditional rival groups living side by side , but McKnight believes these were minor compared to the chaos of the vast network of individual kinship relations .
That still leaves it unclear why violence and alcohol are so much more out of control in remote communities than in our society .
As with our ability to close the front door and assume no one will come in uninvited , perhaps we need first a better awareness of what our abilities to drink moderately and restrain anger rest on .
A normal Western child grows up with a non -stop training in self - restraint , from toilet training through fixed meal - and bed - times to regimented and compulsory schooling and sport .
Traditional indigenous child - rearing practices , still largely intact , are very different .
McKnight states baldly , “ Children are indulged and rarely disciplined ” ( and if one relative attempts discipline , others will step in to prevent it ) .
Black parents were often shocked by how white parents disciplined their children .
The indulgent period lasted until the early teenage years , when an extreme level of discipline was suddenly imposed through a violent initiation ( for boys ) or marriage to an elder ( for girls ) .
Plainly , low levels of discipline in childhood are no way to develop the normal levels of self - restraint that keep drinking and violence in check .
“ These truths do not give rise to a recipe for fixing the problems .
But there are a few conclusions that are obvious , as far as they go . ”
First , as the Bennelong Society and other commentators of the right have been saying all along , the “ Nugget ” Coombs plan of separate development and welfare has been an unmitigated disaster .
Second , the provision of more programs and services in health and education cannot make much progress until violence is controlled .
Third , analyses of the problems in purely economic terms such as “ welfare dependency ” , job availability and economic incentives are insufficient because they neglect the underlying cultural aspects and so will not by themselves lead to solutions .
Fourth , land rights , reconciliation and apologies are of marginal significance ( in such communities as Mornington : again , that may not generalise to others ) .
Fifth , the Intervention is a good plan , but is underpowered .
Sixth , prohibition of at least full - strength alcohol is essential .
Hobbes , still the best theorist of violence , wrote in the seventeenth century :
“ In such condition [ of no authority offering protection against violence ] there is no place for industry , because the fruit thereof is uncertain : and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious building ; no instruments of moving and removing such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continual fear , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short . ”
He was talking about an imagined state of primitive man .
Strange that he should have been able to describe so exactly the direction remote Australia is heading in 2008 .
James Franklin set up the Australian Database of Indigenous Violence
Sen .
Bob Corker appeared on Hardball yesterday to talk financial reform and Mitch McConnell 's amazing verbatim spew of the Frank Luntz talking points designed to kill any meaningful Wall Street reforms .
He took care to point out that he has " never used those Frank Luntz talking points ... " , confirming the not - too obscure fact that Mitch McConnell has memorized them all and IS using them .
( Full text of Luntz memo )
He optimistically predicts final passage of Dodd 's bill with 70 Senators voting for it .
Of course , Dodd 's bill does n't really have much in the way of derivatives reform .
That 's Senator Blanche Lincoln 's bill .
In fairness to Sen .
Corker , he has been the one single Republican who actually tried to find a bipartisan solution to financial reform before the GOP leadership shut down the entire effort .
Joe Conason :
Corker ’s conduct exemplifies the Republican strategy ( which , in fairness , he may not have fully understood until last week ) .
Having spent months working on the bill with committee chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , Corker suddenly found himself vowing to support a filibuster over provisions in the bill that he had helped to write .
If Senator Corker is n't filibustering the bill , then who is the 41st vote ?
Let me guess ... maybe Ben Nelson ?
LONDON : The Church of England has accused the European Union of neglecting its Christian heritage and warned that it is at risk of creating '' secular tyranny ' ' .
In a hard - hitting report on the failures of officials in Brussels , the church says Europe has been left '' more uncertain of its future and more mistrusted by its citizens than ever before ' ' .
Commissioned by the church 's bishops , the document argues the European Parliament is suffering from a ' ' democratic deficit ' ' and expresses concern that the continent faces '' a perfect storm ' ' .
It is critical of the way that politicians have marginalised Christianity and calls on them to build a more united society by promoting values that are influenced by religious principles .
The comments come as church leaders have stepped up their battle to defend the freedom of worshippers , with a former Archbishop of Canterbury last week attacking '' disturbing ' ' and ' ' dangerous ' ' rulings made by judges in religious discrimination cases in Britain .
Implementing a dropbox service with the Blobstore API ( part 3 ) : Multiple upload support
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under app-engine , python , coding , blobstore , filehangar , cookbook
In the last part of this series , we demonstrated how to use plupload , a Javascript library with multiple backends for handling file uploads .
The solution we demonstrated there only supported uploading a single file at a time , however , and required us to improvise our own progress indicators - far from optimal .
So now , the post you 've all been waiting for , where we demonstrate how to do multiple file upload !
The basic trick is simple :
Hook the event that 's triggered before a file is uploaded , and update the URL to upload to when it 's called .
That way , ever uploaded file gets a new URL .
Where do we get the URL from ?
We simply ask the server for one .
Here 's the Javascript for that :
uploader.bind ( ' UploadFile ' , function ( up , file ) { $.ajax ( { url : '/ generate_upload_url ' , async : false , success : function ( data ) { up.settings.url = data ; } , } ) ;
Straightforward , right ?
The only subtlety here is that we have to make the request an asynchronous one , so that the uploading does n't start until we 've updated the URL .
Here 's the server - side code that generates those URLs :
class GenerateUploadUrlHandler( BaseHandler ) : @util.login_required def get ( self ) : self.response.headers [' Content - Type ' ] = ' text / plain ' self.response.out.write(blobstore.create_upload_url('/upload' ) )
Now that we 're able to upload multiple files , we can do away with our duct - tape and fencing wire solution and use plupload 's built in queue widget instead .
Here 's the updated HTML file , with the important changes highlighted :
< html > < head > < title >
File Hangar : Upload file </ title > < style type =" text/css " >@import url(/static/css/plupload.queue.css ) ;</style > < script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://www.google.com/jsapi "></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > google.load ( " jquery " , " 1.4 " ) ; </ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src= " /static/plupload/gears_init.js " ></ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " /static/plupload/plupload.full.min.js " ></ script > < script type =" text/ javascript " src= " /static/plupload/jquery.plupload.queue.min.js " ></script> < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( function ( ) { uploader = $ ( " #uploader " ) .pluploadQueue ( { runtimes : ' flash , html5 , gears , html4 ' , use_query_string : false , multipart : true , flash_swf_url : '/ static/plupload/plupload.flash.swf ' , filters : [ {title : ' dmgs ' , extensions : ' dmg'} ] , }).pluploadQueue( ) ; uploader.bind ( ' UploadFile ' , function ( up , file ) { $.ajax ( { url : '/ generate_upload_url ' , async : false , success : function ( data ) { up.settings.url = data ; } , } ) ; } ) ; } ) ; </script > </ head > < body > < p style = " float : right " >< a href= " {{logout_url}} " > Log Out</a></p> < h1 > Upload a file to App Engine File Hangar </ h1 > < form > < div id =" uploader " > </div > </ form > </ body > </html >
That 's all there is to it !
Your users can now upload multiple files seamlessly , using a sophisticated widget with progress indication and queueing .
As always , the complete code for this example is available here .
In the next post in the series , we 'll demonstrate how to start building a real , coherent dropbox service from the parts we 've assembled so far .
Got a feature you 'd like to see in such a service ?
Speak up !
Disqus
from " GONG KAKUTOUGI " magazine
Q: You finally fight in Strikeforce ( SF ) .
what is reaction from friends about this news ?
AOKI " it is very very good , everyone is excited "
Q: What do your sparring partners and other fighters say ?
" they are ordinary attitude .
it is our business "
Q:you said in 2009 NYeve , " I want to do many fight in 2010 " but interval is about 4 months ..
" This ( fight in SF ) is big challenge .
so negotiation become tough too ... so , April fight is good timing , I think "
Q:in 2009 NYeve , Did you expect that your next fight is n USA
" I do not feel difference between Japan fight and USA fight .
This is my business .
so I clear my mission "
Q: you have already faced most of all DREAM lightclass top rankers .
it have something to do with this SF coming ?
" it is true that I need new motivation .
actually , next card make my heart big .
My basic position is not change , but field becomes wide " I start from Zero in SF .
So I feel " OK , let 's roll !!
" I did my best at DREAM in 2 years .
I reset it , and see new something "
Q: You have been to tried grappling match in foreign country .
Did you feel difference between home and away ?
" Real deal have to do 100 % performance , anytime , anywhere , against anyone !
If this fighter can not become 100 % , it means he is not real deal "
Q:you looked at SF 2009 Fedor debut event .
what did you feel ?
" Excellent event .
but event detail is small topic , all MMA event consist of FIGHTS "
Q: You always think of fight technique in cage , This is first show " AOKI in Cage "
" I am interested in it too . and , I am tired of this question , haha .
MMA media asked me it in 3years . ( LOL ) "
Q: Ok , next question , about Gilbert Melendez ( GM ) .
In PRIDE , AOKIvsGM is matchmaked , but GM 's injury make it cancel .... You wanted to fight him ?
" yes , GM is worldwide fighter , so I saw him from long ago .
GM and Josh Thomson is tough guy of toughs many fans want to compare to UFC .
but in MMA , all debate is nonsense without actual fight .
like PRIDE tournament ...
Q: you said " GM 's fight make change our training " .
in concrete technique ...
" OK....gentleman ....mmm... maybe your magazine ( GONG KAKUTOUGI ) staff like skill talk .
but , I am not interested in it .at least this fight !
your magazine want to talk about =AOKI 's hidden skill in cage=etc .... but , I want to talk about other story .... this is too dramatic story .
this become my motivation ... Japanese TOP come to USA .
this is amazing ... my technical is made by my long carrier .
it is same as my old fights .
so it dose not need to talk . "
" The most important point is " IF AOKI LOSE , JAPAN IS THE END " .
this match is nonsense if you talk about technique .
I taped GM out , that is all "
Q:oh , this dramatic story is made by himself ?
" I lose , JAPAN end ...... it is certain .
when I lose , JAPAN become colony of USA MMA nation .
some mania say that USA 's MMA is the best !!
but if japan MMA become colony , MMA magazine is the end too .
I do not worship USA - MMA. so , this is big war ... like vs HIROTA Mizuto ( his 2009 NYeve fight ) "
Q: do you feel pressure ?
" yes , this is high risk , high return .
I get this " return " .
and I give DREAM it .
I am son of DREAM .
So in 2009 NYeve fight , I think , " OK , I KILL YOU " !!
the relation DREAM staff and me is real .
they know my mind in this fight , and japan LIGHT weightclass is global standard .
this is same level of USA lightclass , and AOKI Shinya is icon of it .
So this fight become Megamatch "
Q:3.31 UFN, GOMI " fireball " Takanori will debut in UFC ( this interview was before UFN ) .
UNO Caol also fight there .
they are Japanese top contender too .
but you are special , You think so ?
" Yes , To say the truth I am far from them .
They are not top of Japan .
But I prove myself by Fight in Japan . and Champion of DREAM .
they are relaxed than me .
My risk is much bigger than them "
Q: If you lose the game .
USA fighters mock Japanese MMA ...?
" maybe . and it is natural .
So I win !!
no one can not deny DREAM and my fightlife "
Q: Does this big pressure prevent you from doing best move ?
" If pressure destroy me , I am not called as fighter .
I can bet all my life .
it is warrior . "
Q: I remember MIKU ( Japan women topfighter , but she retire in April ) .
she can not keep motivation .
but you are ...
" MIKU is serious to MMA .
So she decide retirement .
I understand her 50 % ... but other 50 % , " She can retire When She want " .
I am not .
I have responsibility to japan all MMA .
So I can not stop fight .
If motivation is lost , I make it by myself .... This is not disrespect to MIKU . "
Q:but
She is not all time professional fighter .
" Yes , many many fighters do professional fight and other job .... They have two ability .
But I have only fight ability . only it !!
so I never stop this business "
Q:some professional fighter says " " Professional " means make audience excited "
" it is not right .
because such fighters escape from " Win ore lose " They are comfortable and relaxed "
Q: what will be fighting business in future ?
" I guess , fighter 's life will become long .
by development of sports science .
conditioning .... it means bigname keep their status in long time , so young power can not become star easily "
Q:it means downsizing of MMA market ?
" Yes , but is is not bad , when gate become little , only high quality fighters lives there .of course I will be alive in such world .... haha , but it is irony , joke . big Market make high level of this sport .
So . I said =IF AOKI LOSE A GAME , JAPAN MMA IS THE END !! "
Q: Thanks I can know your motivation and risk .
" No problem , I am really serious for MMA .
So I do not talk about technique now , this fight is not technique but instinct and heart !!
One tough guy stand , other tough guy down .
Everyone , look at this scene !!! "
Bungie , the studio that created the Halo franchise , will be partnering with Activision for an " exclusive , worldwide partnership " the developer revealed this morning .
The partnership will encompass one upcoming franchise and will last for the next ten years .
Advertisement
Bungie was founded in 1991 and was purchased by software giant Microsoft in 2000 , but parted with the company in October 2007 .
After the split , Microsoft created a subsidiary to handle now owns the rights to the Halo franchise — a franchise that Bungie created .
According to the official press release , " Under the terms of the agreement , Activision will have exclusive , worldwide rights to publish and distribute all future Bungie games based on the new intellectual property on multiple platforms and devices .
Bungie remains an independent company and will continue to own their intellectual property . "
From the sound of it , Activision gets to publishing rights to one IP on multiple platforms .
This agreement certainly does not mean that Bungie is part of Activision .
Advertisement
" Today , we 're poised to open a new chapter in Bungie 's history - one that begins with a partnership between Bungie and Activision and ends where we always knew it would , with World Domination , " stated the company 's official blog .
" Our Next Big Thing now has a concrete path , leading from our studio to the platforms of our choosing .
The business formalities are behind us .
Our Constitution remains unchanged .
We are still Bungie , still independent , and now we are free to bring our stories to an ever bigger audience . "
The decision might come as a surprise to some ; however , Bungie describes its decision why it chose the publishing giant , best known for the Call of Duty series and the Guitar Hero games .
" We chose to partner with Activision on our next IP because of their global reach , multi-platform experience and marketing expertise , " said Harold Ryan , President of Bungie in the official release .
" From working together over the past nine months on this agreement , it is clear that Activision supports our commitment to giving our fans the best possible gaming experiences . "
This essentially confirms that Bungie , a former Microsoft developer , will be making multi-platform games .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" Bungie is one of the premier studios in our industry and we are extremely pleased to have the opportunity to work with their talented team over the next decade , " stated Thomas Tippl , Chief Operating Officer of Activision Blizzard .
" Bungie has developed some of the most compelling and successful games , multiplayer experiences and thriving fan communities , and this alliance underscores our long - standing commitment to foster the industry 's best creative talent .
Our unprecedented partnership with Bungie will enable us to broaden our pipeline of exciting new games as we continue to strengthen our industry position and pursue long - term growth opportunities . "
Bungie is currently working on Halo : Reach for Microsoft Game Studios and the Xbox 360 .
Bungie calls Reach the " most ambitious game " it has ever made .
The title is expected to be one of the biggest titles released this year .
Early access to the Beta starts today .
Knoxville , TN - Collegians For A Constructive Tomorrow ( CFACT ) hosted a protest of the award of an honorary degree to Al Gore at the University of Tennessee ’s commencement ceremonies on May 14 .
“ Al Gore is setting a new standard for underserved honors , ” said Dillon MacDonald who is a CFACT - TN leader .
“ First he got a Nobel prize although he did n’t bring peace , now he ’s getting an honorary degree for scaring Americans with flawed science .
He flies in private jets , just bought another mansion , yet tells working people their houses are too large , their showers too warm , their cars too fast and our economy too free .
We should give him a doctors in hypocrisy . ”
First , on Thursday , May 13th at 7 PM CFACT hosted “ Climate : The Counter Consensus ” at the Tennessee Amphitheater in the World ’s Fair Park .
The event featured Lord Christopher Monckton who last weeked testified before Congress on global warming , Ann and Phelim McElhinney , producers of the documentary ‘ Not Evil , Just Wrong ’ which debunks Gore ’s film “ An Incovenient Truth ” and others .
On Friday , May 14th at 8 am , students and community members gathered across the street from the Thompson - Boling arena in Knoxville , TN to voice opposition to Al Gore ’s honorary degree and call attention to his alarmism and support for public policies that are likely to make him the world ’s first ‘ carbon billionaire ’ .
“ Al Gore ’s developed an enviable quick rich scheme , ” Evan , CFACT National Field Director , said .
“ Sadly the rest of us will have to pay for it by tripling your gas prices , doubling your home utility bills , a couple million jobs , and trillions lost in economic progress .
Al must be stopped . ”
Protesters urged political leaders to strongly oppose policies like cap and trade and other domestic or international mandates that would recklessly slash carbon emissions , based on unproven fears of man-made global warming .
They encouraged them to support policies that keep energy reliable and affordable , protect American jobs , fully develop all of our domestic energy resources , and promote genuine environmental progress .
Al Gore has used global warming to stoke fears , win an Oscar , a Nobel Peace Prize and bolster his net worth into the hundreds of millions .
Yet hard results from the earth sciences are replacing the consensus of Al ’s political science .
Scientists at NASA and MIT are making observations with new satellites and ground based technologies that not only adjust – but directly contradict the assumptions in every computer model Al Gore uses to show we are doomed .
Click here for local coverage of the Collegians protest .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
Newly released aerial photographs taken by the New York City Police Department show the collapse of the World Trade Center from a different angle .
Smoke billowing from one of the towers on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Detective Greg Semendinger /N.Y.P.D. , via ABC News
The ANZ bank has launched an internal investigation into claims staff have used Facebook to spy on customers .
It is alleged one of the bank 's Melbourne - based debt collectors set up a fake account on the social networking site to covertly gather debtors ' addresses , phone numbers and emails .
More than 80 people added " Max Bourke " as a contact before the fake profile was removed from the website yesterday .
ANZ spokesman Stephen Ries says several staff members are under investigation for their role in the online spying .
" We 're taking this matter very seriously , " he said .
" We are conducting internal investigations and appropriate disciplinary action will be taken once the investigation is concluded . "
Posted by gasmonso on April 18 , 2006
Print This Post | on April 18 , 2006
While working on a flat - tax proposal , Homer accidentally proves that God does n’t exist and shares it with Flanders .
Classic !
Get the Flash Player to see this player .
No related posts .
Did you enjoy this post ?
Why not leave a comment below and continue the conversation , or subscribe to my feed and get articles like this delivered automatically each day to your feed reader .
If you do n't have a feed reader , you can always have these articles delivered to your email inbox every day .
Click here to sign up .
[ Game -> Preview ] - More info on Game : Fallout : New Vegas
There 's some new Fallout : New Vegas information out in the latest Game Informer , complete with new screen shots .
Here 's the lowdown from a poster at the Bethesda forums : 13 new unreleased screenshots .
Includes first shots of the Strip and first look at Caesar 's Legion Soldiers
6 new sets of outfits
A man named Craig Boone who 's wife was kidnapped can be a follower .
Blackjack , Slot Machines , Poker and Roulette are some of the games you can play .
( The luck skill plays a big part in how good you are at gambling . )
3 different types of currency .
Caps , NCR dollars , Legion money ( it also states CL uses coins as well , for what I 'm not sure but probably at the casinos . )
You will get better deals depending what kind of currency is used in different parts .
( There is also an exchange rate between the three )
Mad Max Outfit !
C4 explosives that include a detonator ( You can also reverse pickpocket C4 ) , Machetes , Razors , a gun that looks similar to a SMG and ...
Boxing Gloves ?!
Vault 21 - a vault where all conflicts were decided through gambling .
New reload animations that reflect exactly how many bullets you are putting in your gun .
Companions have side quest .
There is a illusive man named Mr. House that runs the city .
He plays a role also in why Vegas was n't bombed in the great war which you will learn more about as you play through .
..... So that is just scratching the surface ...
He also mentioned that combat outside of VATS was rather enjoyable due to the new iron sight and he found himself purposely not using it .
Which i am very much looking forward to seeing .
Thanks for the tip Captain Vegas !
Update : Another forum user posted a summary of what he read in the article : The Strip
What it is in a nuttshell , a very well ran place that was very much uneffected by anything ( More so then some of you probably would think ) .
Vegas is very much the complete opposite of a sh!t hole and I will say there was nothing that I read or saw that reminded me of New Reno ( So for some thats good & some that sucks ) .
The Strip screenshots only showed one Casino from what I could tell and it looked like a very normal nothing special Casino that you would see in a nice 1950 's Casino .
The wall 's very plain , the room bright and no wear & tear of any kind so to speak of in the Casino not that there should be much if any on The Strip you would just haft to see the screenshots yourself .
The other screenshots showed off colorful lighted buildings like The Lucky 38 , Vault 21 ( Vault 21 is a Casino ) and I mean there was 0 wear & tear on anything so to speak of .
Every Casino is not just a reskin of the other one far as gambling goes , looks like each Casino will play Blackjack a little differently etc far as numbers and cards goes which is a good thing .
Who run 's The Strip etc ?
This is the part I am disappointed about , who run 's the Vegas ?
Robots , robot police run & keep Vegas under raps controlled by a character inspired by Howard Hughes that lives in The Lucky 38 .
Lucky 38 is a place no one in the game has seen anyone get into since they care remember and no one has seen the Howard Hughes character himself go figure .
When I say " controlled " , I mean this guy run 's everything and controls everything and is also the reason New Vegas was not hit by a blast .
Which I thought the mob organized that deal out but I guess not . . .
Mobsters or Families it does not look like run The Strip or any Casino 's so to speak of .
Funnily id probably feel safer in New Vegas then I would in Las Vegas judging from the screenshots & from the look of it .
Every Casino , every place in Vegas will have its own kind of personality ( It sounds like for the most part ) and there is a rat pack era place in New Vegas called The Tops with Frank Sinatra tunes etc .
That is all wonderful & the style of Vegas is about what I was hoping for for the most part I guess .
So . . .
Do not expect too many things Fallout in New Vegas , the entire place is ran by a scientist inspired by Howard Hughes .
Your not going to see much drama with between other Casino 's doutfuly from what I read , the place seemed about as boring as ever .
Regardless of what will end up being in New Vegas , I know for a Fact that its nothing like New Reno other then gambling & the drugs that will be in ( Drugs is part of Vegas ) .
Of course there will be fun places to go on The Strip like The Tops etc you might find a gangster in there hah who know 's we 'll hafta see .
Now from here on this is coming even more so from my own opinion , I do not want any developer or person reading this to get offended about what im about to write
Thanks .
Obsidian is ethier on some heck of a deadline or just getting lazy , they could put & do a lot more with New Vegas then a guy who lives in a tower ( Lucky 38 ) who controls robot police .
Of course there is going to be quest in New Vegas , Side quest & all that jazz etc but where are the gangsters here ?
Did Howard
Hughes already come in & buy them out I guess and everything went corporate already or what ?
All I am getting at is , there was 0 focus on anything that had to do with mobsters or families that run anything at all .
Some people are tired of the gangsters & gangster towns in Fallout games and then some people like myself love it .
Again this is just off my own opinion , there might even be famalies / gangster 's who operate a Casino or two but it sure did not mention any of that .
It was very much set on one guy who run 's Vegas and it just had a very corprate feel to it all added with marshal law enforced by robot police ( Serously ) .
CHS has learned from a reliable source that a brewpub is the anticipated tenant for the old offices of Hunters Capital at 1000 East Pike Street .
On April 1 , 2010 , Hunters Capital vacated its offices at 1000 E Pike to begin occupancy at the Broadway Building .
We contacted Jill Cronauer of Hunters Capital who told us that she was “ not in a position to confirm or deny ” our report .
Hunters Capital owns both 1000 East Pike and the Broadway Building and is credited with recruiting Elliott Bay Book Company to Capitol Hill .
The lone current tenant of the former Hunters Capital offices
In other hops news , we noticed that both New Belgium and Elysian had received approvals last month to establish a microbrewery at 1221 East PIke ( the Elysian ’s current location ) .
We contacted New Belgium for an explanation .
Bryan Simpson , the Media Relations Director at New Belgium , explained that the New Belgium / Elysian collaboration has been working well and that this is a further expansion .
This new license would allow New Belgium beers to be brewed at the Elysian .
In January 2008 , New Belgium and Elysian announced that they would begin collaborating with each other to make the other ’s products , jointly design new beers and expand their distribution channels .
The Trip series of beers has been the most visible fruit of the collaboration .
Two Mozambican men may have to cough a dowry after they were caught raping a goat , local media report .
The owner of the unfortunate animal is none too impressed with the two lads from Mbucuta in central Mozambique , who were caught in flagrante delicto by police .
Witness Mario Creva confirmed : " One of the young men was naked and holding the goat 's head , and the other was having sex with the animal . "
The official line is that the unnamed pair are guilty of " simple larceny " , and will appear before the beak in due course , district prosecutor Leonides Mapasse confirmed .
Mapasse did , though , suggest the owner may file civil suit to back his claim for damages and a lobolo ( dowry ) as part of traditional wedding arrangements .
Press reports do not clarify the Mozambican legal position on caprine polyandry . ®
Goatnote
Thanks to Mike Richards for the head - up .
Governor Gulab Mangal said one of the men had received a $ 500,000 advance Three Italian medical workers are among nine men arrested in Afghanistan in connection with an alleged plot to kill a provincial governor , officials say .
The detentions came after suicide bomb vests and weapons were discovered at a hospital run by a Milan - based charity in Lashkar Gah , the capital of Helmand .
Helmand Governor Gulab Mangal said the devices had been brought to the clinic " with the help of the foreign staff " .
But the charity , Emergency , said it was confident its employees were innocent .
It complained that it had not been allowed telephone contact with them and that the Afghan government had not explained why they were being held .
" These are people who for years have worked to ensure care for the people of Afghanistan .
We ask that you respect their rights , first of all , the right to communicate with us and let us know where they are and what their condition is , " the organisation said in a statement .
' Linked to Taliban '
At a news conference , Mr Mangal said " explosive suicide vests , hand grenades and weapons were brought to the Emergency hospital with the help of the foreign staff and their colleagues to carry out attacks in Lashkar Gah " .
He added : " According to their plan , an Emergency foreign staff member received $ 500,000 as an advance for killing me . "
The governor 's spokesman , Dawood Ahmadi , said the six Afghans who were arrested had worked at the hospital as clerks , guards and translators .
Investigators believed all nine had links the Taliban , and that the group had planned to carry out a suicide bombing in Lashkar Gah , then kill the governor when he came to the hospital to visit the injured , Mr Ahmadi added .
The Associated Press reported that video of the raid it had obtained showed British troops accompanying Afghan police , soldiers and government officials to the Emergency Surgery Centre for Civilian War Victims , run by Emergency .
At one point , the video shows a storeroom packed with open boxes that appear to contain bullets , pistols , hand grenades and bags of explosives , according to AP .
A British soldier is heard saying that an explosives disposal unit is on its way .
Three foreign staff members are then seen sitting on outdoor benches , their identification cards visible but names unclear .
A Nato spokesman said its forces had not taken part in any arrests .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said : " While we wait to ascertain the dynamic of this incident and the reasons for the detentions , the Italian government reiterates its totally rigorous stance against any activity of direct or indirect support to terrorism . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On Friday , April 30 , 2010 , George A. Romero released the latest movie in his on - going zombie series Survival of the Dead .
Romero granted fans the odd opportunity to view the film early through video on demand services like Amazon.com , the Playstation Network , and Xbox Live Arcade before it releases in theaters at the end of May .
It was a pricey venture at 12.99 for the HD rental and 9.99 for the SD rental .
But considering Romero does n’t make any money off of Night of the Living Dead ( it is now in the public domain ) , I decided to toss him a few bucks and rent the HD version .
Considering how much he ’s influenced almost everything geeky that I enjoy , I figured it ’s the very least I owe him .
Before reading any further , I think it ’s important to know that I am an avid fan of all of Romero ’s zombie films … except this one .
Do you have any idea how hard it was for me to give this movie a “ Do n’t Bother ” rating ?
I ’m the guy who reviews all the mockbusters for the site .
In fact , not all my mockbusters have received “ Do n’t Bother ” scores .
But I have to give Survival of the Dead a “ Do n’t Bother . ”
It ’s a must .
This movie is terrible .
And it pains me to write these words , but the reason the movie is so bad is solely the fault of George A. Romero .
The movie follows the story of a National Guard fireteam as they struggle for survival in a post zombie - outbreak America .
The team was actually first seen in Romero ’s latest film , Diary of the Dead .
If you ’ve seen Diary , you ’d recognize them as the soldiers who pulled over the main characters ’ caravan and robbed them at gunpoint .
No , they were n’t painted as model citizen - soldiers , but then again , a zombie apocalypse might change everyone ’s behavior .
While I can’t condone their actions , I can understand their motivation .
While on the road , the four soliders decide to head to Plum Island off the coast of Deleware ( where the Irish accents are thicker than in Glasgow ) .
On the island , two feuding families have been struggling with each others ’ existence for over 100 years .
But since the zombie outbreak , the disagreements have turned violent .
The head of the O’Flynn family , Patrick , lives by the ideology that zombies are a 100 % menace to society .
After all , they do kill and eat people .
He takes it upon himself to rid the island of the infestation as he appoints himself as the head zombie executioner .
He has the dirty job of killing close family members and friends once they turn to flesh eaters .
On the other side of the ideological spectrum is Shamus Muldoon who feels that zombies might not actually be dead .
He is motivated by his religion and feels that zombies can be cured and therefore , he does n’t believe in killing them .
Once the soldiers fight to gain control of a ferry and make their way to the island , the story falls apart … quickly .
It ’s there that Romero does everything in his power to break everything he ’s built in all his past movies .
He tosses in a cheaply written forbidden love between to warring family members .
He sneaks in a last minute “ surprise !
I have a twin sister ! ” situation .
There ’s a damsel in distress story .
And what ’s possibly the worst , is he has made some of the zombies semi-functional , like this young zombie - woman who can not only ride a horse , but jump hurdles as well .
Zombies can’t ride horses .
They should n’t ride horses .
Can anyone else see the problem with zombies riding horses ?
What next ?
Piloting helicopters ?
I know someone is going to say “ well , when someone dies , technically the brain may still house the memories of blah blah blah blah . ” I do n’t care .
Making zombies functional takes the “ mindless ” out of “ mindless zombies . ”
And something about that makes them less scary as well .
Fans did n’t like the functional zombies much in Land of the Dead and they ’re going to hate it in Survival of the Dead .
The soldiers die off one by one in typical zombie - movie fashion , either by zombie infestation or by the hands of another human .
The entire movie wraps up , not with a last stand for survival in the fight against the undead , but in a battle of family vs. family in an O.K. Corral - like gunfight complete with big western hats and rifles .
I ’m not one of those people that “ does n’t get ” zombie films .
I understand that in a lot of zombie films , the real enemy is actually the remaining humans and sometimes its harder to live with them than it is to live with the monsters outside .
But this movie paints it on a little thick .
As far as zombies go , Survival of the Dead might actually have the fewest number zombies ever seen in a zombie film .
The acting , for the most part , is fantastic for a zombie film .
The special effects are a little below par but they ’re definitely passable .
The make - up and atmosphere are all perfectly done .
Everything was correct in it ’s place .
But not the story .
Zombie purists may cringe when they see the outcome of this film .
And I hate to write those words since it was Romero who altered “ zombies ” into the modern definition that we know them by .
If anyone could alter that definition or quite possibly change zombie behavior and have it accepted by the masses , you ’d think he ’d able to do it .
But here we are .
I honestly cannot recommend this movie , not even as a rental .
I ’m certain this review wo n’t stop many of you from renting it to see for yourselves .
But I can guarantee that most of you will see this movie for the train wreck that it is .
Here ’s hoping that George has another ace up his sleeve .
The California Accountability Project , a campaign of the Democratic Governors Association , works to oppose billionaire Republican Meg Whitman ’s campaign for governor .
The latest ad should really gain some traction .
You can watch it below :
Remember that Meg Whitman is running her campaign claiming her experience in the private sector qualifies her to be governor .
Beyond her involvement with the now indicted Goldman Sachs , at which she was sued by the company stakeholders and forced to pay the company back , and her abysmal record with hiring minorities in California , we really do n’t know much about her taxes .
Candidates generally release their taxes and in March Whitman agreed to release 10 years worth of tax returns .
She seems to have changed her mind .
It ’s kind of ridiculous for a politician to run for office on her business background and assert a tax policy while refusing to tell the voters how much she has made and very importantly , where she has made it .
Whitman is stashing millions in off - shore tax havens .
The truth is , we do n’t know if she ’s paying taxes on it because she wo n’t release the records .
( Full disclosure : Kombiz works for The California Accountability Project )
IBM researchers have developed a manufacturing technique capable of etching 1,000 three - dimensional world maps on materials the size of a grain of salt .
The technique involved a tiny , silicon ' scanning probe ' that measured 500nm ( nanometres ) long and 5 nm thick and was heated above 330 degrees Celsius .
As it came in contact with substrate materials -- called resists -- the probe would cause the material to evaporate , thereby etching patterns on the material .
Reaching a resolution of 15nm , the technique could enable future nanoelectronic devices to be produced more cheaply and efficiently than state - of - the - art electron beam lithography ( EBL ) systems .
According to IBM , potential applications ranged from fast prototyping for CMOS nanoelectronics to fabricating shape - matching templates for self - assembling nano - rods or nano - tubes .
IBM physicist Michel Despont explained that the technique required fewer processes than EBL systems , and would cost five times less to perform the same task .
But the real breakthrough was its ability to create complex 3D patterns and structures , which could enable new micro-optic devices , he said .
" We believe that the fact that you can do 3D patterning will open up applications that we have n't thought of before , " Despont told iTnews .
Ian Boyd , who is the director of the Melbourne Centre for Nanofabrication ( MCN ) , explained that EBL was unsuitable for the mass manufacture of nanotechnology as it could only target a small area at a time .
When it officially opens in July , the Centre will house a $ 2.5 m EBL tool said to be the first of its kind in Australia .
" The resolutions available for EBL are of the order of 10nm at the moment , " Boyd told iTnews .
While several instances of the simpler scanning probe technique could be run in parallel to pattern larger areas of substrate , the same could not be said for EBL as nearby electron beams would likely interfere with each other .
Boyd said manufacturing nanoelectronics with EBL would be akin to " ploughing a field with a knitting needle " .
Meanwhile , Despont said IBM 's technique would not be mature enough for its commercial effects to be apparent for at least five years .
The technique was two years in the making and represented a collaborative effort between Despont 's team of physicists and chemists who developed the substrate materials at IBM Research in Almaden .
In the near future , the researchers would focus on making the technology available to universities and other corporate research laboratories .
They were in discussions with a European manufacturing company about commercialisation .
" We believe that if this technology has a future , we will need to have a large research community working on it , " Despont told iTnews .
This is a post I wrote at my personal blog back in June 2005 .
I was reminded of it today , as many of the points Doug touched on in his post this morning were in the same vein as points I made back then , and after a search I was surprised that I ’d never cross -posted the old post here .
Even today , infringements on personal liberty such as the individual mandate are only making the situation worse , and the piece , while 5 years old , has n’t lost its relevance .
So here it is .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
America has been , throughout the course of our history , a nation that values liberty .
In 1787 , at the time of the Constitutional Convention , liberty was on the brain .
A Constitution was written to ensure that all people in this nation , for all time , would enjoy the blessings of freedom .
Freedom from tyranny of government , which was ensured by the protections of a document that limited its powers and a Bill of Rights that enshrined personal liberty into its hallowed wording .
And a nation whose freedom was guaranteed based upon the rule of law as written in that document , not the whims of an electorate or the legislature of the day .
There were flaws at that time , to be sure .
The nature of our nation did not yet live up to that document ’s billing .
“ Freedom to all ” meant freedom to land - owning white males .
Everyone else was out of luck .
The work of millions of people helped to change that fact .
The souls of hundreds of thousands of young men were lost in a war to bring freedom to the slaves , only to take another 100 years to bring true equality with the end of Jim Crow .
Racial equality came to pass .
Gender equality came to pass .
Even today , these battles are still being fought for the rights of same - sex couples .
Since the day this country was founded , you have seen the liberty of unpopular groups gain hold and reach parity with the rest .
In a country that is based upon the right to be safe in unpopularity , the march of history has been remarkable to make that a reality .
But there ’s another current at work .
We are slowly seeing social liberty for all groups reach parity .
Parity , however , can be equally great or equally poor .
As unpopular groups have raised their level of acceptance and been granted the same rights as those of the popular , liberty has been defined down for all .
We have reached a point , socially , where government regulation intrudes on our lives and decisions from the time we wake until the time we retire , and all through our slumber .
Rights , from what one can ingest into his body , be it benevolent medicine to malevolent narcotics , are decided by government .
Free speech has survived , mostly , as long as you have a legal degree and training to comply with McCain - Feingold .
The 2nd Amendment is still alive , and you ’re allowed to own firearms , as long as you apply to the right bureaucrat to inform the government where to look for them .
You have the freedom to practice religion , as long as you make sure not to do it anywhere approximating a “ public ” place .
You have the right to be safe from unreasonable search and seizure , provided , of course , that you never visit the library .
Seemingly innocuous laws such as the requirement to wear a seat belt in a car or a helmet on a motorcycle may be in your own best interest , but forcing such behavior is tyranny nonetheless .
Economic liberty , of course , has become a joke .
It is almost unnecessary to even go into the details , but we must remember what we ’re up against .
The land of the founding fathers was one where government and business were more separate than religion and government are now .
Starting with the anti-trust acts ( probably before , of course ) , continuing through Wickard v. Filburn , through the Sarbanes - Oxley legislation of 2002 , the government has a hand in regulation of every business in this nation .
On the personal level , nearly every monetary transaction performed is taxed through a myriad of different local , state , and federal rules , you only own as much of your income as government allows , and likewise you only own as much of your property as government allows .
You exist economically not as an individual , but as a servant of the state .
It is obvious , that as some personal liberties may be slowly advancing , many other liberties are quickly dying .
So we ask ourselves , how did it get so bad ?
Can we turn it around ?
Jon asks in this comment at Dadahead whether we should start thinking of it as Peak Liberty .
I.e. just like the extraction of oil from the ground might eventually hit a point where the increase in demand and limited supply lead to global catastrophe , have we reached a point of no return in our loss of liberty ?
Have we reached a point where our only options will be an eventual slide into tyranny , requiring nothing less than a bloody revolution to turn around ?
And if so , how do we know the “ Peak ” ?
Has it happened yet ?
Then perhaps somewhere it peaked and we ’ve been sliding downward , living on the backside of the bell curve for a while now .
We ’ve peaked and have entered liberty ’s long emergency .
As with peak oil , defining peak liberty might not be clear except in hindsight .
Was it the Civil War ?
Was it Brown v. Board of Education ?
The Sherman Anti-Trust Act ?
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 ?
Was it landing on the moon ?
ADA ?
Or was it some act against democracy that defined the peak ( Dred Scott ? ERA fails ?
NAFTA ? )
Is protecting against “ flag desecration ” just one more drop out of a near empty tank ?
Does our ‘ democracy ’ function like our suburbs now , sprawling , messy and without some sense of direction other than growth ?
It is a valid question .
After all , we can look at the possible peaks .
The Civil War , where slavery was ended but the concepts of federalism were greatly weakened and the federal government made more powerful ?
The 16th Amendment , where we first determined , as a nation , that the ability to keep ones income was a privilege , and the extent allowed was determined by the whim of government ?
The New Deal , where many people were helped , but where it was taken as fact that individuals were subservient to “ society ” and the government thereof ?
The sixties , where we reached our greatest heights in the civil rights movement , only to transition to the even more obtrusive welfare state of the Great Society , and the victim politics that arised ?
Or was it today , when our Supreme Court decided that private property rights no longer matter ?
Or has it not happened yet ?
Are we still on the upward trend ( doubtful ) .
I ca n’t answer where the peak was , but it certainly seems like we ’re on the downslope .
Peak Liberty , as a theory , has some serious flaws .
After all , liberty is not a finite resource .
It is elastic , and greater liberty can be enjoyed by all .
So no matter what happens , it can be reversed .
It is certainly possible that an equilibrium point can be reached .
It may be argued that Europe has reached that point , and only something as silly as a “ European Union ” can move them farther down the slope .
But the effort and ease at which that reverse occurs depends greatly on what point of the downslope has been reached .
If we act in time , we can defeat tyranny at the ballot box .
But history has shown that people do not respond to the lack of liberty until it is too late .
If the slide continues , the day will come where government will not tolerate our attempts to restrain it , and that government must be replaced , by any means necessary .
Peak Liberty , like Peak Oil , can happen .
Each can also be avoided .
Peak Oil , of course , is a completely different topic , so the aversion strategies are beyond the scope of this post .
But to avoid Peak Liberty , it simply takes education .
Oddly enough , our own government has provided us all the lesson plans we ’ll ever need .
Pissed off about Social Security ?
A failure of government .
Pissed off about the inefficiencies of the IRS ?
Blame government .
EPA declared your home “ wetlands ” and not letting you build that inground pool ?
Overreaching intrusion of government on your private property rights .
Government educational system in your locale a morass of corruption , lack of discipline , excess of political correctness , and not doing a thing to educate your kids ?
Ask why we rely on government as the primary source of education in this country ?
And first and foremost , trumpet Kelo v. New London to everyone in earshot .
People listen to what affects them personally .
Nothing is more personal than the government seizing your house for what they determine is just compensation , only to turn it over to another private entity .
Peak Liberty , like Peak Oil , relies on current trends .
We may have reached Peak Liberty , but by changing trends we can step back from the abyss .
Our current populace cares about nothing but bread and circuses , and our current political crop is perfectly willing to erode their liberty while providing those diversions .
We can change the trends , but to do that , we need to win the hearts and minds .
We ca n’t change government without changing the minds of voters , so let ’s get cracking .
There may be dangerously little time left .
I heard this story from my friend Ishaq Qadri , who happens to be from the descendants of Shaykh Abdul Qadir .
A wonderful principle to bring into our lives .
To praise God in all situations , and have trust in Him that it all happens for the best .
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
In the wake of the arrest of alleged terrorist Faisal Shahzad , a number of Republican politicians have expressed outrage that the naturalized American citizen is being afforded the constitutional rights of citizenship .
Major General ( ret. )
Paul Eaton told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann on Tuesday , “ I am a little surprised that we ’re here to defend our Constitution against a Republican senator and a Republican representative ’s attack on it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Representative Peter King ( R - NY ) have both suggested that it was an error to read Shahzad his Miranda rights and to keep him in the civilian justice system rather than immediately handing him over to the military .
“ From a national security perspective , it ’s damaging , ” Eaton said of their statements .
“ Right now , the FBI and our police forces are looking over their shoulder every time they hear a Republican come off with a remark like that .
…
Since January of 2009 , we have seen a relentless attack on our FBI , on our armed services , on our policemen by the Republican Party .
Any opportunity that they can find … they have pursued . … I want them to cut it out . ”
Eaton , who retired from the Army in 2006 , has since been a supporter of both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
He is currently a senior adviser with the National Security Network , a progressive think - tank with close ties to the Obama administration .
It was Eaton who slammed former Vice President Dick Cheney last fall as an “ incompetent war fighter , ” after Cheney had criticized the Obama administration as weak on national security , and he appears to be carrying out the same function now .
“ It ’s a purely partisan approach , ” Easton said of the Republican criticisms .
“ They ’re after trying to frustrate the president in his role as providing for the national security .
And in so doing , they ’re actually attacking the viability of the national security of the United States . …
They ’ve chosen to go off the reservation , and they ’re doing a bad job . ”
In the wake of the Fort Hood shooting , the Christmas day underpants bomber , and this latest botched car bomb , the Obama administration is clearly concerned about these kind of “ lone wolf ” incidents , which may paradoxically reflect al Qaeda ’s growing weakness and inability to mount more serious attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last fall , terrorism expert Brian Michael Jenkins testified before Congress that after eight years of constant assault , al Qaeda has been reduced to “ a strategy of weakness , ” which “ envisions an army of autonomous terrorist operatives , united in a common cause , but not connected organizationally . ”
Jenkins ’ suggestion that al Qaeda might reach out to disaffected young Muslims in the United States was quickly seized upon by conservatives to criticize the Obama administration and call for harsher measures .
When asked by Raw Story how he felt about his warnings being misappropriated , however , Jenkins pointed in response to a recent article , in which he had written :
“ The past decade also saw an unprecedented assertion of presidential authority , electronic surveillance without warrants , the detention of individuals solely on the basis of their having been declared enemy combatants , secret and indefinite imprisonment without trial , and the use of coercive interrogation techniques that before 9/11 would readily have been labeled torture .
These were the greatest dangers posed by terror : that it would erode our own democracy , our traditional respect for human rights , our commitment to the law itself .
Fortunately , these excesses were challenged in the courts , in Congress and by the electorate , and they are now being corrected . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast May 4 , 2010 .
Homes
New homes for a hip neighbourhood with Queen St. on one side , Lake Ontario on the other
When Kimora Lee Simmons 's new fragrance ad first came out , it was obvious that she 'd Photoshopped her head onto a model 's body .
But we think we 've unraveled the mystery of how this vision came to be .
Let 's examine more closely !
Advertisement
As a tipster has helpfully pointed out , the March 2005 cover of French Vogue features model Daria Werbowy in pretty interesting .
Daria 's sporting a Louis Vuitton ensemble that 's similar , though not identical , to what Kimora 's body double is wearing .
In fact , the entire shot is similar , from the pose to the styling .
But fashion is always derivative , right ?
Where Kimora crosses the line from " derivative " into " Photshop , " however , is on the matter of those legs .
Advertisement
[ Click to enlarge . ]
With a quick horizontal flip of the Vogue cover , we can better appreciate Daria 's gams and how they 've been nicely repurposed for Kimora .
In Kimora 's ad , the shorts get a slightly different pattern and a lower waistband , the red shoes are tweaked ( but keep that peep - toe ! ) , and her right hip ( our left ) seems to be filled out a tiny bit , with the thigh getting a dose of sexy reflective lighting .
And the overall skin tone is lightened ( interesting how that happens ) .
But the angle of the hips and thighs , the positioning of the shorts , their fit on the hips and lower abdomen — it 's a solid cut and paste .
As for that bent leg , the groin muscle and thigh area are identical , though Kimora 's calf seems to be turned out a bit more , because it 's probably taken from elsewhere .
Combined with the differently posed arms , this suggests that Kimora 's Photoshop is really a delicate collage of limbs and muscles from at least three — but maybe four , or five — different models .
And that , friends , is what we call teamwork .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Earlier : Kimora Photoshops Her Head Onto A Model's Body
Border security has a new , computerized face at Vancouver International Airport , and that has some people worried .
It 's called automated border clearance ; you just swipe your passport or identification , feed in your customs declaration , and you 're on your way .
The idea is to more efficiently process Canadian citizens and permanent residents .
The machines will be tested in a two - year pilot project that was quietly put into place by the federal government two months ago .
There was no official announcement , although a description of the new measures was posted on the government website .
And neither the government nor the Border Services Agency returned calls for comment .
The border guards ' union says it 's worried the new system means decreased security .
" I 'm alarmed , because … somebody 's coming through without seeing an officer at all , " Sue Neumann of the Customs and Immigration Union told CTV News .
The union agreed to the machines on the condition the freed - up guards could rover through the arrivals area , but that has n't happened .
And that 's not the only concern .
" Sometimes , information is misread , or information is put in that , if an officer were to have read it , would not have been accepted , " Neumann said .
International relations professor Michael Byers agrees .
He says that machines just can't replace people .
" A border guard can sense whether or not someone is nervous .
They can see whether there 's a twitch on the face , or perspiration on the forehead .
It 's very difficult for a machine to do that , " he said .
The opposition Liberals only found out about the new system when CTV News called .
A surprised Liberal MP said he 'll take concerns about the machines to the House of Commons .
" I 'm going to want this to be studied at committee .
I 'm going to want the opportunity to look at these measures and actually ask questions about how much it 's going to cost , how effective it 's going to be , what backup plans are going to be in place , " Liberal public safety critic Mark Holland said .
With a report from CTV British Columbia 's Jon Woodward
HerCampus.com is holding a competition for " Mr. Wellesley Freshman " at the women 's college .
Though transgender men attend Wellesley , HerCampus nominated men from other colleges to represent the school , since a transgender male obviously can't be the hottest guy on campus .
Advertisement
This is n't the first scandal to erupt a Wellesley , alma mater of Hillary Clinton , Madeleine Albright ... and me .
A few months ago , Dartmouth exchange student Jeremy Pham called Wellesley women a " bunch of whores " in an e-mail tirade .
In a new twist , now Wellesley is facing discrimination from other women .
Apparently , people of both genders agree : Single - sex education for women is threatening and confusing !
Advertisement
HerCampus.com is an online magazine for college women with branches representing 25 campuses across the country .
The site , which launched in September , was founded by three Harvard undergraduates and features articles written by student journalists from each campus .
On March 4 , the site announced it 's first annual Mr. Campus Freshman Contest , which is based on a similar competition held at Harvard in recent years .
Each school is hosting a competition on campus , then the winners will compete against each other on HerCampus.com for the title , and gift certificates to Jack Wills University Outfitters .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
According to a statement from Wellesley 's HerCampus representative , which was posted on a forum for Wellesley students and forwarded to us :
Seeing as Wellesley does not have any biological male students , the Wellesley correspondant assumed we were exempt from this silly contest .
We were informed last - minute that we were indeed expected to participate in the contest .
The Wellesley correspondent suggested that we nominate members of the Wellesley community , but the founders of HerCampus informed her that we had to include " real men " like every other competing campus , and suggested we ask around to find friends , boyfriends , brothers , etc. to represent the women they love at Wellesley College .
We were required to get 3 - 15 contestants .
We were able to get three .
Advertisement
Publicizing a new website for college women by making them pick cute boys to represent them is fundamentally dumb , but Wellesley women still did n't like being told that they had to nominate " real men . "
One of the best aspects of attending Wellesley was spending four years in an environment where people of various sexual orientations and gender identifications were treated with respect .
This is a school where one of the most well - attended parties is the LGBT organization 's annual Dyke Ball , a " creative black tie " event where students vote for the " Big Dyke on Campus " rather than the prom queen .
Since Wellesley students have a tradition of celebrating LGBT students on campus , the founders ' alleged suggestion that only biologically male students are attractive enough to be included in what 's essentially a beauty contest is particularly offensive .
Advertisement
As for the three nominees selected to represent Wellesley , each responded to questions like " Who is the hottest Disney Princess " and " It is sexy when girls wear ... " on HerCampus , but their connection to the college is n't even explained .
Shockingly enough , students did n't feel this young man from the University of Arizona epitomizes " Mr. Wellesley Freshman " :
After many Wellesley students complained to HerCampus , the founders posted a message about the controversy saying , " It seems that this lighthearted contest has generated a lot of controversy over at Wellesley ! , " along with pages of e-mails they 'd received from students without their permission , which have been taken down .
Advertisement
According the statement from Wellesley 's HerCampus representative , the founders said Wellesley could n't add their own students to the competition because redoing the nominations would n't be fair to the other schools .
Then Wellesley students asked to be removed from the contest altogether ( which would actually increase the other nominees chances of winning ) , but they refused .
Yesterday HerCampus ' founders posted another response , claiming Wellesley students are at fault for failing to reply to a Facebook message asking for nominations ( which students do n't recall receiving ) .
Therefore :
At this stage of the contest , it is now too late to redo the contest given the timing , timeline for the contest , logistics in collaborating with all of the different parties involved , etc .
Advertisement
The Harvard undergrads who run the site act like their hands are tied , but this is a " lighthearted contest " on a student - run website .
It 's not like adding a few students who are n't biologically male requires a ruling from the International Olympic Committee .
The founders of HerCampus insist that they did not mean to discriminate against any Wellesley students , and point out that they " have nothing against women who are not heterosexual " as evidenced by their two articles on queer and lesbian students !
Why , that 's not even counting the " Her Gay Best Friend " column , in which a gay male columnist advises college women who have sex with a lot of different people , " you 've become a bit of a ho , " and cautions women against getting too drunk in a column called , " Nobody Likes A Sloptart . "
Advertisement
A website that deals with issues concerning college women and publishes their work sounds great , and to be fair , there are some good posts on the site .
Even the Gay Best Friend 's columns are intended to be funny , but jokes about how college women should stop being so drunk and slutty do n't really accomplish the site 's mission of serving college women .
Wellesley women have made it clear that HerCampus does n't reflect who they are , and women from all the schools with HerCampus branches should take a look at the site and decide if this is how they want to be represented .
Update : HerCampus has responded via e-mail .
Co-founder Stephanie Kaplan writes :
The information provided here is extremely indirect - I think we all know what happens when we play a game of " telephone " .
The Wellesley Campus Correspondent in fact did not ask us whether male - identified Wellesley students could participate in the contest , and we certainly never said that the contest could only include " real men " .
This quotation is entirely fabricated .
The Wellesley Campus Correspondent did not ask us who was allowed to participate in the contest .
If she had , we certainly would have told her that transgender students at Wellesley were welcome to participate .
We did not get wind that there was any issue until well after the nomination stage of the contest , during the voting stage of the contest .
At that point , after figuring out the logistics to allow for an expedited new contest , we restarted the contest for Wellesley to give Wellesley students another opportunity to nominate contestants .
Advertisement
Kaplan adds that the e-mails from Wellesley students , " were posted anonymously , with the sender 's name and all identifying information removed . "
More of HerCampus ' response and information about the reopening of the nominations for Mr. Wellesley First - Year here .
HerCampus Hosts First Annual Mr. Campus Freshman Contest [ HerCampus.com ]
Controversy Over Mr. Wellesley Freshman Contest [ HerCampus.com ]
Mr Wellesley Freshman Controversy : Where We Stand [ HerCampus.com ]
Her Gay Best Friend : Sex — All The Cool Kids Are Doing It [ HerCampus.com ]
Her Gay Best Friend : Nobody Likes A Sloptart [ HerCampus.com ]
Mr. Wellesley Freshman Controversy : How We've Responded [ HerCampus.com ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Oh Yeah ?
Male Student Calls Wellesley Women " Bunch Of Whores "
JUBA , Southern Sudan —
For 22 years alcohol was one of the casualties of the civil war in Sudan .
In 1983 , the Muslim - dominated government in Khartoum decreed Shariah law and a rebellion was launched in the south , a region of where people follow Christian and traditional beliefs .
In the long - running war , the people of the southern region were protesting the marginalization and neglect of their area by the Arab north .
The southerners demanded the freedom to choose how to live and govern themselves .
And to determine what they could drink .
Within days following the January 2005 peace deal , which granted semi-autonomy to the southern area , some of the first trucks to cross the border from Uganda into southern Sudan carried crates of Bell , Club and Nile Special , all popular Ugandan lagers sold in well - used , chipped and recycled half - liter brown bottles .
Earlier this month Sudan held its first multiparty election in 24 years and results are beginning to trickle out .
Amid fraud accusations and widespread boycotts , the election is expected to confirm Omar al - Bashir as president .
The elections are also expected to pave the way for a referendum in January 2011 in which people of the south will vote on whether or not to declare full independence from the north .
Southern Sudan is a region the size of Texas attempting to claw its way up from the depths of poverty .
Almost nothing is produced here .
In markets , the only local products are mangoes , charcoal and gravel , hand - hammered from rocks hauled from mountainsides .
Everything else is imported and expensive .
Beer is the exception .
Sudan ’s first and only brewery opened in May last year to supply an expanding and thirsty local market .
“ Until we started building here these guys had n’t seen anything industrial before , ” said Ian Alsworth - Elvey , the South African managing director of Southern Sudan Beverages Limited ( SSBL ) , a subsidiary of SABMiller , one of the world ’s largest brewing companies .
Juba is a sprawling little city developing in rapid fits and starts .
Hotels fashioned out of packing crates charge well over $ 100 a night , restaurants serve pizzas for $ 20 or more , the parking lots of both are filled with 4x4s marked with the logos of NGOs or the license plates of the United Nations mission ( UNMIS ) or the Government of Southern Sudan ( GOSS ) .
In between and around these new arrivals are war - broken buildings , little wooden shacks and patches of land that double as public cemeteries and rubbish dumps .
Outside the city center the shiny government ministries and hotels are quickly replaced by stick and mud huts , called
" tukuls , " and the tarmac turns to dirt .
The brewery is as alien as anything else that has landed in Juba as a result of the investment rush that followed peace in 2005 .
There is no reliable power supply so rows of huge generators chug away 24 hours a day .
Vast containers hold gallons of water pumped out of the Nile River three miles away and purified before being added to the barley , sugar and yeast .
Inside a hangar - sized warehouse are thousands of 110 - pound sacks of malted barley .
Silver pipes snake around silos and conveyor belts move recycled bottles that are filled with freshly brewed beer .
Each day the brewery churns out 150,000 bottles of beer —
“ It ’s hot out there , yah , people get thirsty ! ” said Alsworth - Elvey .
The brewery can increase production to four times that amount .
SABMiller invested $ 51 million in the plant , making it one of the largest single investments in southern Sudan outside the oil or telecoms industries .
“ SABMiller is particularly strong in emerging markets and we have a better appetite for risk than most of the other brewing companies , ” said Alsworth - Elvey .
“ We recognized that if we got in here first we would have a big advantage .
If it was a race , we wanted to win it . ”
Currently the brewery employs 283 Sudanese workers but Alsworth - Elvey reckons that another 5,000 or so earn a living off the brewery by working as vendors or distributors .
There are also plans to develop an agricultural project that would employ about 2,000 farmers growing cassava or sorghum which could become the cereal ingredient of the locally brewed beer .
This would be significant because for now everything but the water is imported .
When GlobalPost visited the brewery , bags of malted barley from Europe were stacked in the storeroom and the granulated sugar had been brought in from South Africa .
Neither ingredient can be found locally so the materials are shipped to Mombasa in neighboring Kenya then brought to Sudan on trucks .
But , as Alsworth - Elvey insisted , “ The major raw material in beer is water and that comes from the Nile River . ”
Three brands of varying degrees of strength are brewed in Juba and because they are locally produced they are a little cheaper , which makes them popular .
The local favorite is Nile Special , a beer brewed under license according to a Ugandan recipe with an alcohol content of 5.6 percent .
Chairman ’s ESB ( standing for Extra Strong Beer ) is the most potent at 7 percent , but the real innovation is White Bull , a light 4.2 - percent lager brewed especially for southern Sudanese drinkers .
“ White Bull has taken off pretty well , ” said Alsworth - Elvey .
“ The unique thing is that White Bull is ‘ their ’ beer , it has been very well accepted as a beer and carries with it some sort of national pride . ”
The choice of a white bull as the beer ’s emblem was a smart one .
The slaughter of prized white bulls , their heads bowed beneath heavy curving brown horns , marks auspicious occasions , and herds of the beasts can be found in pastoralist areas across the southern Sudan landscape .
White Bull sells for upward of $ 1 a bottle , depending on where you buy it and where you drink it .
That might sound cheap for half a liter of lager but in a region where 90 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day , it remains very much a luxury product .
“ Of course I drink it , my whole clan drinks it !
It ’s the cheapest beer , ” said Kjairi Joual , a member of the local Bari tribe indigenous to Juba as he sipped a bottle of White Bull at a city bar .
For all those who registered to AWE in BlackHat Vegas 2010 – we have special surprise for you …
We ’ve updated our “ Bypassing NX ” module with the buzzing ROP exploitation method .
We took the PHP 6.0 Dev str_transliterate ( ) 0 Day Buffer Overflow Exploit and ported it to a Windows 2008 Server environment , with DEP on Always On mode .
The general idea is to use carefully calculated jumps to function tails present in executable memory in order to align the stack for a WriteProcess Memory call .
This call will copy our shellcode to an executable place in memory , and then jump to it .
You can check out the exploit here .
We started working on the Pr0T3cT10n POC – trying to see if we could get a shell on Win2k8 … .
So we fired ID , crashed Apache and started inspecting the crash , analyzing loaded DLLs to see if any of them were ASLR disabled .
Our objective was to exploit the vulnerability with DEP AlwaysOn .
We found some DLLs with noASLR – and we thought we could try to use the ROP technique to control execution flow .
We coded a quick ID pycommand to find a suitable ROP gadgets set within usable DLLs .
We analyzed the script result and started to build the whole picture in our mind in order to disable DEP through ROP … we decided to go for WriteProcess Memory method .
The dance begins … and after we have gained an absolute shellcode address in memory we prepared the arguments for WriteProcessMemory on the stack again using some ROP - fu :
WriteProcessMemory does its job in an awesome way and we return to our shellcode gracefully – getting our shell on Win2k8 :
And pop ret goes the weasel !
As a summit of world leaders begins in Washington , a prominent US physicist is warning that an Australian invention poses a significant threat to nuclear security .
Dr Francis Slakey , from Georgetown University in Washington DC , says a revolutionary uranium enrichment process using lasers has the potential to make it much easier for rogue countries or terrorist organisations to conceal any nuclear program .
In scientific circles the process is called ' separation of isotopes by laser excitation ' , or SILEX , for short .
It is a way of enriching uranium using pulsed lasers that was invented by two Australian scientists - Dr Michael Goldsworthy and Dr Horst Struve - at Lucas Heights in Sydney .
The pair won an award for it and a grant from the Federal Government .
Dr Slakey admires their achievement .
" It 's a significant advance from a physics point of view because they were able to accomplish what 20 other countries were unable to , " he said .
But he is worried about the threat SILEX poses to global nuclear security .
Under a deal with the US in 1998 , development of the technology was transferred to the United States and in 2001 SILEX was classified .
Now General Electric Hitachi wants a licence from US regulators to build the world 's first SILEX plant in North Carolina .
Dr Slakey says that cannot be allowed because it is too dangerous .
" From everything I 've heard about this plant , it 's too risky to proceed , " he said .
Dr Slakey says laser enrichment is dangerous because it is almost undetectable .
The SILEX process is 75 per cent smaller than current enrichment technologies , drawing no more electricity than a dozen homes .
" This next generation technology is so efficient and so small that we would no longer be able to see it with our satellites and we would no longer be able to detect whether there was some power source going into it , because it uses so little power , " he said .
And with US president Barack Obama convening his nuclear security summit in Washington , Dr Slakey says regulators must take into account proliferation risks before licensing new technologies .
" Historically every enrichment technology - that is every technology that has been used to develop nuclear fuel , every single one of them - has proliferated despite best efforts to keep the secret , " he said .
America 's Nuclear Regulatory Commission says it will look closely at security measures to protect SILEX 's secrets .
But that is not enough to reassure Dr Slakey .
" Those rogue countries that may pursue a technology do n't do it unless it 's been industrially proven , and so prior to that if it 's just bench science or R and D [ research and development ] , they do n't go that path , " he said .
" They 'll pursue a different path for proliferation .
" So actually right now the genie 's well contained . "
Dr Slakey says this is one Australian invention that should be stopped .
Previously undisclosed FBI documents suggest that the Kent State antiwar protests were more meticulously planned than originally thought and that one or more gunshots may have been fired at embattled Ohio National Guardsmen before their killings of four students and woundings of at least nine others on that searing day in May 1970 .
As the nation marks the 40th anniversary of the Kent State antiwar protests Tuesday , a review of hundreds of previously unpublished investigative reports sheds a new — and very different — light on the tragic episode .
The upheaval that enveloped the northeastern Ohio campus actually began three days earlier , in downtown Kent .
Stirred to action by President Nixon ’s expansion of U.S. military operations in Cambodia , a roving mob of earnest antiwar activists , hard - core radicals , curious students and others smashed 50 bank and store windows , looted a jewelry store and hurled bricks and bottles at police .
Four officers suffered injuries , and the mayor declared a civil emergency .
Only tear gas dispersed the mob .
An exhaustive review later concluded that this unrest on the streets — the worst in Kent ’s history — was “ not an organized riot or a planned protest . ”
But the FBI ’s investigation swiftly uncovered reliable evidence that suggested otherwise .
Among the strongest was a pre-dawn conversation — never before reported — between two unnamed men overheard inside a campus lounge later that night .
Their discussion was witnessed by the girlfriend of a Kent State student and conveyed up the FBI chain of command 15 days later .
“ We did it , ” one man exulted , according to the inquiry .
“ We got the riot started . ”
The second man expressed disappointment at being excluded from the riot ’s planning .
“ Wait until tomorrow night , ” the leader replied excitedly .
“ We just got the word .
We ’re going to burn the ROTC building . ”
This was 20 hours before the ROTC headquarters on the Kent State campus , an old wooden frame building , was , in fact , burned to the ground .
“ What about the flare ? ” the second man asked before the leader spotted the coed listening to them and abruptly ended the conversation .
Dozens of witnesses later told the FBI they saw a flare used to ignite the blaze .
Now largely forgotten , the torching of the ROTC building was the true precursor to the killings at Kent State because it triggered the deployment of the National Guard to the fevered campus .
That deployment climaxed in bloodshed on the afternoon of May 4 , 1970 , with the guardsmen , clad in gas masks and confronted by angry , rock - throwing students , firing their M - 1 rifles 67 times in 13 seconds , killing Allison Krause , Jeffrey Miller , Sandra Scheuer and William Knox Schroeder .
A report submitted to Attorney General John Mitchell in June 1970 stated “ there was no sniper ” who could have fired at the guardsmen before the killings .
Numerous witnesses corroborated this .
A female freshman provided the FBI with a sworn statement that “ there was no shot before [ the guardsmen ’s ] volley , and there were no warning shots fired . ”
The Justice Department ’s internal review cited statements by six guardsmen who “ pointedly ” told the FBI that their lives were not in danger and that “ it was not a shooting situation . ”
Yet the declassified FBI files show the FBI already had developed credible evidence suggesting that there was indeed a sniper and that one or more shots may have been fired at the guardsmen first .
Rumors of a sniper had circulated for at least a day before the fatal confrontation , the documents show .
And a memorandum sent to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover on May 19 , 1970 , referred to bullet holes found in a tree and a statue — evidence , the report stated , that “ indicated that at least two shots had been fired at the National Guard . ”
Another interviewee told agents that a guardsman had spoken of “ a confirmed report of a sniper . ”
It also turned out that the FBI had its own informant and agent - provocateur roaming the crowd , a part - time Kent State student named Terry Norman , who had a camera .
Mr. Norman also was armed with a snub - nosed revolver that FBI ballistics tests , first declassified in 1977 , concluded had indeed been discharged on that day .
Then there was the testimony of an ROTC cadet whose identity remains unknown , one of the pervasive redactions concealing the names of all the FBI agents who conducted the interviews and of all those whom they interrogated .
Although presumably angry over the demonstrators ’ destruction of the campus ROTC building , the cadet ’s calm , precise firsthand account nonetheless carries a credibility not easily dismissed .
Before the fatal volley , the ROTC cadet told the FBI , he “ heard one round , a pause , two rounds , and then the M - 1s opened up . ”
The report continued that the cadet “ stated that the first three rounds were definitely not M - 1s .
He said they could possibly have been a .45 caliber . … [ He ] further stated that he heard confirmed reports of sniper fire coming in over both the National Guard radio and the state police radio . ”
The cadet also told the FBI he observed demonstrators carrying baseball bats , golf clubs and improvised weapons , including pieces of steel wire cut into footlong sections , along with radios and other electronic devices “ used to monitor the police and Guard wavelengths . ”
Separately , a female student told the FBI she “ recalled hearing what she thought was [ the sound of ] firecrackers and then a few seconds later [ she ] heard noise that to her sounded like a machine gun going off , but then later thought it may have been a volley of shots from the Guard . ”
Absent the declassification of the FBI ’s entire investigative file , many questions remain unanswered — including why the documents quoted here were overlooked , or discounted , in the Justice Department ’s official findings .
At a minimum , the FBI documents strongly challenge the received narrative that the rioting in downtown Kent was spontaneous and unplanned , that the burning of the ROTC headquarters was similarly impulsive and that the guardsmen ’s fatal shootings were explicable only as unprovoked acts .
The FBI files provide , in short , a hidden history of the killings at Kent State .
They show that the “ four dead in Ohio ” more properly belong , in the grand sweep of history , to four days in May , an angry , chaotic and violent interlude when a controversial foreign war came home to American soil .
• James Rosen , a Fox News correspondent , examined previously undisclosed FBI files on the Kent State shootings while researching his biography “ The Strong Man : John Mitchell and the Secrets of Watergate . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The left - wing critics are right :
The rage is not about health care .
They are also right that similar complaints about big government were heard during the New Deal and the Great Society , and the sky did n't fall .
But what if this time the sky is falling — on them .
What if after more than a century of growth in the national ...
Find out how gap insurance works and when it is worth paying for .
Find out how gap insurance works and when it is worth paying for .
Paying for extra game content is becoming an increasingly common business model .
It makes a lot of sense , really , and it keeps games like Puzzle Pirates away from subscription fees for those who would rather play for free – and lets those who do n’t mind shelling out the cash do so too .
( Though if you spend $ 1400 in month on Farmville odds and ends , you might have a problem . )
World of Warcraft has n’t done a lot of this , probably because they already charge a monthly subscription fee , and because selling anything that gives some players an advantage would certainly cause an uproar .
But vanity items are something else entirely ; after all , it ’s not going to improve your gameplay at all to have a cool pet , but if you really want a Pandaren monk trailing after you , you can plop down $ 10 for the privilege .
For those of you not familiar with the game : Particularly with so many players hitting the level cap and grinding away at end game content needing new goals , collecting mounts has become a popular past time – especially since most of the really cool looking ones are really hard to get ( if not nearly impossible ) .
Enter the best money - making idea I ’ve seen in a while : the Celestial Steed .
It ’s a sparkly pony .
That flies .
And it does n’t take endless hours of grinding to obtain – just a credit card number ( and a willingness to part with $ 25 ) .
Within a couple of hours of going on sale on April 15 , the queue number ( since you have to wait in line to purchase ) indicates that Blizzard made a million dollars in the first couple of hours .
Apparently there ’s already at least 140,000 or so trotting around Azeroth .
Granted , the players are only interested in the vanity items because they ’re spending so much time in the game due to the quality of the entire experience – but it ’s still interesting to note that they ’re making nearly the same amount on the sale of one of these mounts as on the sale of a single expansion pack .
Join CaSASA !
Contact us if you want to join one of our groups or to start a CaSASA chapter in your area !
Write a letter to the Nepali ambassador and let him know that the people in Canada urge his government respect the democratic rights of the Nepali people !
An example letter and contact information can be found here
Home » Economy , North America , Suppression » ADL Calls For Major Law Enforcement Operation To Deal With Obamacare Critics
The global banking elite are preparing to assault Americans with two huge new tax increases as President Obama contradicts the assurances of White House aides and his own campaign trail promise by asserting that a VAT tax is still on the table , as the IMF outlines a new tax on financial transactions that is being hailed as a blow to the banks yet represents another stealth tax on the people .
“ President Barack Obama suggested Wednesday that a new value - added tax on Americans is still on the table , seeming to show more openness to the idea than his aides have expressed in recent days , ” reports the Associated Press .
Obama ’s signal that he may embrace a European - style VAT tax follows former Fed chairman Paul Volcker ’s call for a value - added tax .
In response , the U.S. Senate passed a nonbinding “ sense of the Senate ” resolution labeling any such move , “ a massive tax increase that will cripple families on fixed income and only further push back America ’s economic recovery . ”
Not happy with hitting Americans with a roughly 20 % increase in living costs that a VAT tax would impose , Volcker also called for a carbon tax in the name of solving the widely discredited scam of man-made global warming , a new levy that is already being introduced at the state level .
Despite the fact that White House aides dismissed the prospect of a national sales tax only on Monday , Obama ’s u-turn once again contradicts his pre-election promise that he would not raise taxes for American families earning under a quarter of a million dollars a year .
During a speech on the campaign trail , Obama promised , “ No family making under $ 250,000 dollars a year will see any form of tax increase . ”
However , the VAT tax is a flat rate levy that applies to everyone , and it will dramatically increase the cost of living for Americans already laboring under the greatest financial meltdown since 1929 .
As CNS News highlights , VAT is also labeled “ consumption tax , because it applies to items at every stage of production .
Such a tax would affect purchasers at all income levels . ”
Obama ’s failure to keep his promise that families would not “ see any form of tax increase ” has force him to lie in public addresses and claim that he only ever promised not to increase income tax on families earning under $ 250,000 .
“ And one thing we have not done is raise income taxes on families making less than $ 250,000 , ” Obama said on April 10 .
“ That ’s another promise we ’ve kept . ”
As CNS News ’ Fred Lucas points out , in addition to any future VAT tax , “ The $ 1 - trillion health care overhaul bill contains at least 12 taxes and fees that will affect households earning less than $ 250,000 . ”
In our special report on tax increases contained in the Obamacare bill , we identified dozens of tax increases , most of which would apply to families making under $ 250,000 a year .
While the Obama regime plans to whack Americans with a whopping new VAT tax , international bankers are busy preparing their own financial assault by readying a new tax on all financial transactions , a tax that would inevitably be passed down to consumers but one which globalists and the corporate media are stealthily introducing under the illusion that its aim is to target large banks and financial institutions .
Publications like the London Guardian are hailing the new IMF “ FAT tax ” as a necessary move that will “ rein in banks ” by taxing their profits and bonuses .
However , what they ’re less keen to stress is that this new “ FAT tax ” will also be accompanied by a financial stability contribution ( FSC ) , “ Which should be paid by all financial institutions , not just banks , and used to bail out weak and failing firms . ” ( Emphasis mine ) .
In other words , every single financial institution , including local credit unions , mom and pop ’s car showroom business , small local banks , local student loan unions , and any company that offers small loans , will be forced to pay another slice of whatever meager sum they have left after the VAT tax , the carbon tax and the myriad of new health care taxes , directly to the G20 and the IMF , who will then dole it out to their Goldman Sachs buddies or whichever other giant financial megalith that is suddenly in need of a bailout .
A tax on financial transactions , even if it is introduced in the name of pegging back banker bonuses , will inevitably be passed on to all consumers , not just the wealthy .
This will mark the end of free bank accounts , you will be forced to pay a monthly tax simply to have a checking account , paying bills , cashing checks , paying employees , every financial transaction imaginable will be subject to this new tax because the big banks will merely pillage the consumer to cover the costs of the “ FAT tax ” being imposed on them by the IMF .
“ Clearly what this appears to say is very wide ranging and covers much more of the financial services sector than the industry expected .
Taxation is not without consequences and additional taxation is not without additional consequences , ” said Angela Knight , chief executive of the British Bankers ’
Association , clearly implying that the costs will be passed on to everyone .
As the Guardian reports separately , the IMF plan “ Is ambivalent about how governments spend the billions in revenue it would raise . ”
In other words , this will be nothing more than another slush fund directed straight into the coffers of the IMF and World Bank to fund the global government now being set up to boss this new infrastructure .
Guardian writer Dan Roberts states that under the FAT tax , “ Taxing bank profits and bonuses in a globally co-ordinated way potentially makes more sense than taxing transactions because it stands less chance of simply being passed straight onto customers , ” while failing to acknowledge that the FAT tax will be accompanied by an FSC tax that will do precisely that .
It ’s abundantly clear that the global elite and the international offshore banking cartels that control our national governments are preparing another round of looting , but God forbid should Americans be expected to do anything other than lie back and meekly accept the raping they are about to suffer .
Being angry about massive tax increases that our leaders promised us would never happen in the midst of a massive economic downturn is unacceptable according to the manufactured consensus being spewed by the establishment media and the authorities , who have labeled all dissent and opposition to tax hikes as extremism and even domestic terrorism .
According to hate groups like the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center , whose material is used to train police and federal authorities in America on who to target , getting upset about the fresh onslaught of pillaging you are about to suffer as it is openly announced means you ’re an extremist , a racist , and possibly even a terrorist who should be silenced .
Source
Please wait ...
RELATED ARTICLES
Did you like this information ?
Then please consider making a donation or subscribing to our Newsletter .
Activision Blizzard may have let key players on the Infinity Ward team slip through its fingers , but the company sure is n't done with the Call of Duty franchise .
Treyarch , developer of 2008 's Call of Duty : World at War , said Friday that it will release the next game in the series , Call of Duty : Black Ops , on November 9 .
The game 's official website reveals no plot , setting or theme .
There are no screenshots .
More information should be forthcoming soon , since the game 's trailer is set to debut tonight at 12:40 a.m. Eastern on GameTrailers TV .
Treyarch is something of a utility player for Activision Blizzard .
The development team has worked on a handful of Call of Duty games as well as sports and licensed movie games .
Image courtesy Activision Blizzard
See Also :
Top - down view of the PHENIX detector , which is about the size of a small house .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Three Vanderbilt physicists are members of the scientific team that have reported creating an exotic state of matter with a temperature of four trillion degrees Celsius .
It 's the hottest temperature ever achieved in a laboratory and 250,000 times hotter than the heart of the sun .
Scientists have produced this super - heated state of matter by accelerating gold nuclei to nearly the speed of light in opposite directions and then colliding them .
They have done this in the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) at Brookhaven National Laboratory , the largest particle accelerator in the world dedicated to nuclear physics research .
The new temperature measurement has strengthened the physicists ' conviction that they have managed to recreate the quark - gluon plasma ( QGP ) , a state of matter that may have existed fractions of seconds after the Big Bang .
The three scientists are Victoria Greene , professor of physics and executive dean in the College of Arts and Science ; Charles Maguire , professor of physics ; and Julia Velkovska , associate professor of physics .
For the last nine years , they have played a key role in the design and operation of PHENIX , the largest of the four detectors positioned around the accelerator 's 2.4-mile-circumference .
The new results were announced Feb. 15 at the annual meeting of the American Physical Society in New York .
" The temperature measurement was made at PHENIX by measuring the photons , the light particles , that were created with the plasma and escaped without interacting with other particles , ” says Greene , who contributed to the paper reporting the result .
To do this , the scientists figured out a clever way to separate the primordial photons from those coming from more mundane sources by comparing the photons produced in the collisions of the gold nuclei with those produced in simple collisions between two protons .
Simulation of the thousands of subatomic particles that are created when gold nuclei collide in the RHIC collider .
Image : Brookhaven National Laboratory
RHIC scientists do n't know the exact temperature at which the protons and neutrons in atoms " melt ” into their constituent parts , quarks and gluons .
But they do think it is considerably below four trillion degrees .
So the new measurement increases their confidence that the matter they are creating and studying is indeed the sought - for QGP .
Their observations of the most primordial of all primordial soups is improving scientists ' understanding of the " strong force , ” the force that acts within the nucleus of the atom and holds it together .
Originally , they had predicted that the QGP would act like a gas , with all the particles moving independently .
They were surprised to find that the quarks appear to be bound together in a way similar to the molecules in a liquid .
This is forcing theoreticians back to their drawing boards .
Increased knowledge about the nature of the QGP can also improve cosmologists ' understanding of the origin of the universe .
For the first few microseconds after the Big Bang , cosmologists calculate that temperatures were so hot that a quark - gluon plasma should have formed .
However , the universe immediately began to expand and cool .
As it cooled below the melting point of protons and neutrons , these particles began forming much like rain drops condensing out of steam .
A fundamental physics principle called charge - parity ( CP ) symmetry holds that when energy is converted to mass or mass is converted into energy equal numbers of particles and oppositely charged antiparticles must be created or annihilated .
However , if that principle were followed after the Big Bang , the universe would be essentially empty because equal numbers of matter and antimatter particles would have totally annihilated one another as they come into contact .
There would be no matter left over to form stars and planets and people .
That leads to the second new result , which was obtained by the scientists working on one of the other RHIC detectors .
They found evidence that CP symmetry may be broken in the plasma .
Although this effect is not strong enough to explain the predominance of ordinary matter in the universe , it may provide new insights into how symmetry violations of this sort occur .
Brookhaven officials have announced that they will be upgrading RHIC over the next five years to get better measurements of the QGP 's temperature , viscosity and other basic properties .
Greene , Maguire and Velkovska will continue to participate in the RHIC collaboration , but they have also joined the scientific team using one of the detectors ( the Compact Muon Solenoid ) on the new Large Hadron Collider , the world 's most powerful particle accelerator operated by the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) in Switzerland .
Here they hope to study the behavior of the quark - gluon plasma at even more extreme temperatures .
They are in the process of creating a control room at Vanderbilt that will allow them to monitor the quality of the data and analyze the results in near real time without leaving home .
Escapist Website Mass Bans ( Then Unbans And Guilts ) Users Who Mention Adblock
from the building - community - and - value - through - uppercuts dept
Chodelord writes in to note that the Escapist website recently decided it would be a good idea to ban users from their forums simply for mentioning Adblock .
The thread in question started after a user complained that an add for Time Warner Cable was slowing down his computer .
Apparently , users who responded to the poster by suggesting the user " get Firefox and AdBlock " found themselves banned from the forums .
Users did n't even need to admit they even used AdBlock to get banned -- they simply had to recommend it as a solution to a seemingly - annoying ad .
Looking at the forums recently amended posting guidelines does confirm that the folks at the Escapist believe that giving browsing preference advice is a " non forgivable " offense :
Do not confess , teach , admit to , or promote ad - blocking software that will allow users to block the ads of this site .
I truely hope that everyone that reads this will consider turning off their ad - blocker for this site .
If we have offended you or you do n't deem this site to be worthy ( and would like to have it shut down instead ) , do what you will , but do n't pretend to be surprised if the site dies .
Indeed .
Users quickly ( and justly ) started complaining about the fact that friends they'd had for years were suddenly being bashed over the head with the ban hammer simply for mentioning an incredibly popular and legal application .
After a lot of complaints , the Escapist ultimately wound up unbanning the users according to a forum post , and instead just settled on trying to make the community feel
While it 's nice that the Escapist listened to their community , saw reason , and backed away from their ridiculous decision , that does n't make the decision any less ridiculous ( and while they reversed course , the posting guidelines remain unchanged ) .
It also does n't justify telling your readers that they 're responsible for the failure of your business model should users decide to block annoying ads .
As Ars Technica recently found out , mandating what your users can and can't do with their own browsers does n't exactly foster adoration within your community to begin with , but subsequently telling those users they should take a hike if they do n't like your position ( or in this case even mention ad blockers ) is n't particularly endearing , either .
As we 've mentioned previously in great detail , if you 've got ads on your website that are annoying your users , that is your fault -- not your users ' fault .
The failure of your business model is also your problem , not theirs .
It 's up to you to develop a new model that does n't involve your users being annoyed .
Meanwhile , telling your users ( essentially ) that they 're worthless if they do n't directly generate ad revenue is misguided .
Site visitors bring value to your website in other ways -- whether they block your advertisements or not -- through conversation , participation and links to your content .
Of course none of that will happen if you treat them like escaped felons for simply discussing their browser plugins .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Filed Under : adblocking , community , escapist
The Next - Generation NVIDIA ION
After a tough year fighting against Intel 's chipsets for the Atom platform , NVIDIA is launching a fresh assault with their Next - Generation NVIDIA ION platform .
Thanks to the Intel Pine Trail 's lacklustre graphics performance , the Next - Generation NVIDIA ION will have a better shot at wresting some market share away from Intel in the super - hot netbook segment .
This is important to NVIDIA as they estimate that about 40 million netbooks will be sold in 2010 , and 50 million more in 2011 .
According to their research , 63 % of consumers see netbooks as a very affordable mobile adjunct to their desktop PCs .
Instead of buying a full - fledged notebook , they would prefer to buy netbooks which are not only more affordable in these tougher times , but also smaller and lighter .
To do this , NVIDIA is relying on the Next - Generation NVIDIA ION .
That is the official name of their latest netbook platform .
Not NVIDIA ION 2 or NVIDIA ION FX , but a rather mouthful " Next - Generation NVIDIA ION " .
NVIDIA decided on this nomenclature because they feel it's more retail - friendly - folks who buy netbooks are not tech - savvy and such descriptive names would resonate better , or so their theory goes .
Whether their new naming scheme works or not , the Next - Generation NVIDIA ION is not being marketed as a cheaper but better alternative to the new Intel Pine Trail platform .
Rather , NVIDIA is marketing the ION as a premium product - offering significantly better performance and user - experience for a " small " premium in price .
Put it this way - Intel considers the netbook to be a limited - capability mobile platform , mainly used for web surfing and performing simple tasks .
NVIDIA , on the other hand , intends for their ION - based netbooks to work like full - fledged notebooks .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Kennedy Space Center , Florida ( CNN ) --
So you 're in the market for a new vehicle .
Any chance you 'd consider one with more than 100 million miles on the odometer , a neat white paint job and a sticker price of $ 28.8 million ?
Probably not .
Even if you were ready to plunk down nearly $ 30 million , chances are your garage can't fit a space shuttle next to the lawn mower .
But there are a few places willing to pay the price .
And for the most part , they 've got the space , too .
When the shuttle Atlantis touches down Wednesday morning ( weather permitting ) , the orbiter will become the first of the three remaining shuttles to officially retire .
By the end of the year , Discovery and Endeavour will follow .
The question is :
Where will they retire to ?
" These are unique spacecraft , and they truly are one - of - a- kind , said NASA spokesman Allard Beutel .
" Each one is a little different , and they are the only reusable spacecraft in the world , ever .
I can't imagine an institution ... not wanting to have it for public display , " he told CNN .
About two dozen museums and institutions around the country have submitted paperwork to take title on one of the most technologically advanced machines ever built -- a crown jewel for any entity which can afford one .
" We 're not selling them , remember .
This is what it 's going to cost to get it cleaned up , make it safe to display and then actually get it there , " said Beutel .
The price includes removal of any toxic chemicals and flying it to the nearest airport aboard the 747 shuttle transport jet .
Some of the institutions vying for one of the three shuttles include the usual suspects : the Smithsonian Institution 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington ; the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum in New York City ; the privately run Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex near the shuttle launch pads in Florida ; the Johnson Space Center outside Houston , Texas ; the Air Force National Museum , in Ohio ; and the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois .
NASA has earmarked the oldest shuttle , Discovery , for the Smithsonian , which already houses an extensive collection from the U.S. space program , including artifacts from the Mercury , Gemini and Apollo programs and Enterprise , the test shuttle .
But the Air and Space Museum 's entire annual budget , at $ 28 million , would n't cover NASA 's asking price for Discovery , and since NASA has typically provided space artifacts at no charge , the museum has balked .
" Questions about costs associated with the transfer of Discovery , which have been estimated by NASA , have not been resolved although the Museum is exploring options , " the Smithsonian said in a written statement supplied to CNN .
Others , however , are eager to pony up a check .
" Between our cash and our loan arrangements , we could take the shuttle tomorrow and get ready to go , " said Bill Moore , the chief operating officer of the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex .
But whoever takes charge of a space shuttle not only has to pay NASA dealer prep and transportation charges , that entity will also have to build an enclosed , temperature - controlled facility to house it .
" We need a wonderful building to put the shuttle in .
It just demands that , " said Moore .
" We want to put in the artifacts .
We want to tell the story of the people that serviced and got this wonderful bird ready to fly , " he told CNN .
The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex expects to draw a double digit increase in visitors yearly to see whichever shuttle they might acquire .
Currently , about 1.5 million people visit each year .
" We get visitors from around the world .
When they see a space - flown artifact ... they get emotional about these pieces of equipment , " said Moore .
Up the Eastern Seaboard , the retired aircraft carrier Intrepid sits off Manhattan 's west side .
The mighty ship once raced across the Pacific Ocean to pick up astronauts and space capsules after splash down , and now its officials want the museum it anchors to be the new home for a space plane , too .
" It 's the tourist capitol of the world , and we just really feel that we want to help bring the most eyeballs that we possibly can to what is this technological masterpiece , " said Susan Marenoff , executive director of the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum .
Marenoff says that the museum would have to move the Concord supersonic jet , currently on display , and put the shuttle in its current spot .
She expects more than $ 106 million in economic benefit if the museum hosts one of the shuttles .
" The shuttle itself just offers the opportunity for science and education programs to be brought to multicultural institutions , generations of people that will be able to come and really learn what this icon is all about , " said Marenoff .
Although Atlantis will be the the first of the shuttles to end scheduled flights , the second - oldest shuttle wo n't be quickly shipped out to pasture .
It will be prepared to make another flight , if necessary , as a future rescue mission .
Of course , NASA hopes it never has to fly that mission .
And when all three shuttles are safely on Earth for the last time , Atlantis , Discovery and Endeavor will be stripped down and readied for delivery in mint condition .
Well , almost , said NASA 's Beutel .
" About as mint condition as you 're going to get for a thing that has traveled over 115 million miles in a 25 - year period . "
VS2015 support is here !
Select “ Visual Studio 2015 ” when downloading themes .
Create and share Visual Studio color schemes
All - time favourites
New this month
0 rated 355 dls dls 1118 views views public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } } Sublime Monokai Edited advanced razor c++ 3 weeks ago , updated 3 weeks ago kaiiboraka
advanced razor c++ 3 weeks ago , updated 3 weeks ago kaiiboraka 0 rated 24 dls dls 92 views views public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } } General advanced razor c++ 4 days ago , updated 4 days ago user36674
advanced razor c++ 4 days ago , updated 4 days ago user36674 0 rated 18 dls dls 90 views views public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } } MoreAlike advanced razor c++ 3 days ago user36677
advanced razor c++ 3 days ago user36677 0 rated 160 dls dls 598 views views public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } } Magic mushroom advanced razor c++ 4 weeks ago Sebastian
advanced razor c++ 4 weeks ago Sebastian 0 rated 45 dls dls 168 views views public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } } Grey advanced razor c++ 2 weeks ago , updated 2 weeks ago user21301
Newest
AMD 's Phenom II X6 hexa - core CPU .
In many current Linux distributions , AMD 's recently introduced desktop processors such as the hexa - core Phenom II X6 1090T do n't reach their full performance potential because the kernel does n't retrieve the correct processor frequencies from the ACPI tables – this confuses the kernel to such a degree that in many configurations the processor does n't reach its nominal clock frequency .
Introduced with the hexa - core processors and identified via the " T " in the processor name , the Turbo Core feature is similar to Intel 's " Turbo Boost " :
When individual processor cores are idle , other processor cores can run a bit faster to get their work done quicker without overtaxing the cooling system .
The 1090T , which usually operates at 3.2 GHz , for instance , can temporarily run up to three of its cores at 3.6 GHz while the other three cores are idle .
Turbo Core and Turbo Boost interact with a system 's power saving features , which clock down individual cores or the whole processor and decrease the voltage to reduce power consumption when a system is idle .
Herein lies the problem with AMD 's new processors in current Linux kernels : when their " Cool 'n ' Quiet " feature is enabled , Turbo Core processors no longer step up to their nominal speed , but operate at a slightly slower frequency .
The simplest workaround is to disable the " Cool 'n ' Quiet " feature .
This requires users to fully disable the function in the board 's BIOS set - up , or to instruct the kernel not to adapt clock speeds via cpufreq – the Fedora Linux distribution allows users to do this by stopping the " cpuspeed " daemon , while other distributions require users to blacklist the powernow - k8 kernel module , which is responsible for cpufreq in modern AMD CPUs .
However , disabling the power saving features can increase an idle system 's power consumption by 10 to 20 watts .
AMD 's in - house kernel developers have recently become aware of this problem .
The issue is to be solved through changes already submitted to the kernel developers for inspection in March .
These changes are to provide adequate Turbo Core support under Linux and will probably be integrated into Linux 2.6.35 .
According to the AMD employees , however , only one of the patches is actually required to fix the performance problem .
This recent disclosure has caused this patch , which only modifies one line of source code , to be scheduled for prompt integration into Linux kernel 2.6.34 , which is currently still in development .
Integration of the patch into the currently maintained Stable Series kernels is also planned , but it is currently hard to say when the new versions in the 2.6.32.x and 2.6.33.x
Linux kernel series containing this modification will be released .
AMD 's developers are also in touch with the developers of various other distributions so the patch can be integrated into the kernels deployed via these distributions ' update features .
Update : Linux Torvalds has now integrated the one line patch to fix frequency reporting into the 2.6.34 Linux kernel main development branch .
Several tests with a release candidate of Fedora 13 and various kernels that are based on Linux kernel 2.6.33.2-57.fc13.x86_64 , which comes with the distribution by default , demonstrate the effects of the problem as well as those of the kernel patches .
To compile Linux 2.6.25 with a maximum of twelve processes ( " make -j 12 bzImage " ) in standard configuration ( " make defconfig " ) using the " kcbench " bench mark , a test system with Phenom II X6 1090T required approximately 75 seconds .
Compilation was about 20 seconds faster after Cool 'n ' Quiet was disabled via the BIOS set - up or by stopping cpuspeed .
However , a kernel self - compiled with the aforementioned patch that only modifies one line required 59 seconds with cpuspeed enabled – that 's four seconds more .
On the other hand , with a kernel that included all six changes in the patch series created for 2.6.34 and cpuspeed enabled , compilation only took about 52.5 seconds .
( thl )
( crve )
While we spent our childhoods using our boogers to glue our other boogers into super boogers , these youngsters spent theirs rocking the universe with their flagrant -- and often chilling -- displays of power .
Cracked 's opinion about persons of the juvenile persuasion usually ranges from bafflement to outright terror .
The kids on this list , however , demand not just our respect but , in some cases , blood oaths of loyalty .
5 Johnny and Luther Htoo : Wonder Twins ( of Terrorism )
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The adorable chain - smoking tykes up there are the Htoo twins .
They were born in the late ' 80s in Burma , but not the regular Burma you know and cherish .
They were actually Karens , an ethnic group that has been waging guerrilla war against the Burmese state since 1949 .
At one time they were just regular boys who lived in a jungle camp of rebels .
When the Burmese army attacked the place to clear the way for a gas line , the armed branch of the Karen National Union ran away screaming , leaving the village defenseless .
Except for the AK - 47 s they had stashed some place , which these nine - year - old kids used to fend off the invading Burmese Army .
Successfully .
And that , boys and girls , was how God 's Army got its start .
These are serious mofos , is what we 're trying to tell you .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So How Powerful Were These Kids , Exactly ?
Rather than chalking it up to beginners luck , the Htoo twins leveraged their precocious display of Rambo - sized balls to command an army of followers who were convinced the boys were magically invincible .
They actually had about 150 followers who carried weapons and obeyed their commands and literally believed in the magical powers of the Htoo twins .
How could you not follow someone when you think he 's impervious to bullets ?
Or mines ?
And that he commands 250,000 invisible soldiers ?
And his brother commands 150,000 ?
Sure it sounds ridiculous , but if two pre-pubescent kids walked into your office right now chain smoking Marlboro Reds , tossed you an AK and told you it was time to take down the man , you 'd have to think long and hard about declining the offer .
Infowars.com
March 14 , 2010
Talk about improbable odds .
The guns used in the Pentagon and Las Vegas courthouse shootings came from the police and court system in Memphis , Tennessee .
John Patrick Bedell ’s gun originated with police in Tennessee .
“ Law enforcement officials told The Associated Press that both guns were once seized in criminal cases in Memphis .
The officials described how the weapons made their separate ways from an evidence vault to gun dealers and to the shooters . ”
The Associated Press offers the following lame explanation : “ The use of guns that once were in police custody and were later involved in attacks on police officers highlights a little - known divide in gun policy in the United States :
Many cities and states destroy guns gathered in criminal probes , but others sell or trade the weapons in order to get other guns or buy equipment such as bulletproof vests . ”
The two events in question were exploited to push for more stringent gun control and a more robust stance against so - called homegrown terrorism .
The latter argument was made in the case of the Pentagon shooter .
The corporate media had to later admit — after a barrage of misleading and sensationalistic headlines — that the man involved was mentally ill , not a gun-toting rightwing extremist who was associated with the Ludwig Von Mises Institute .
“ I just think it ’s unseemly for police departments to be selling guns that later turn up , ” John Timoney , who led the Philadelphia and Miami police departments and served as New York ’s No. 2 police official , told the Associated Press .
It apparently did not occur to Mr. Timoney or the Associated Press that this “ coincidence ” is highly suspicious and needs further investigation instead of being used as another threadbare argument for attacking the Second Amendment .
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The effects of exercise on the appetite and energy systems , however , are by no means consistent .
In one study presented last year at the annual conference of the American College of Sports Medicine , when healthy young men ran for an hour and a half on a treadmill at a fairly high intensity , their blood concentrations of acylated ghrelin fell , and food held little appeal for the rest of that day .
Exercise blunted their appetites .
A study that Braun oversaw and that was published last year by The American Journal of Physiology had a slightly different outcome .
In it , 18 overweight men and women walked on treadmills in multiple sessions while either eating enough that day to replace the calories burned during exercise or not .
Afterward , the men displayed little or no changes in their energy - regulating hormones or their appetites , much as in the other study .
But the women uniformly had increased blood concentrations of acylated ghrelin and decreased concentrations of insulin after the sessions in which they had eaten less than they had burned .
Their bodies were directing them to replace the lost calories .
In physiological terms , the results “ are consistent with the paradigm that mechanisms to maintain body fat are more effective in women , ” Braun and his colleagues wrote .
In practical terms , the results are scientific proof that life is unfair .
Female bodies , inspired almost certainly “ by a biological need to maintain energy stores for reproduction , ” Braun says , fight hard to hold on to every ounce of fat .
Exercise for many women ( and for some men ) increases the desire to eat .
Thankfully there has lately been some more encouraging news about exercise and weight loss , including for women .
In a study published late last month in The Journal of the American Medical Association , researchers from Harvard University looked at the weight - change histories of more than 34,000 participants in a women ’s health study .
The women began the study middle - aged ( at an average of about 54 years ) and were followed for 13 years .
During that time , the women gained , on average , six pounds .
Some packed on considerably more .
But a small subset gained far less , coming close to maintaining the body size with which they started the study .
Those were the women who reported exercising almost every day for an hour or so .
The exercise involved was not strenuous .
“ It was the equivalent of brisk walking , ” says I - Min Lee , a researcher at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women ’s Hospital and the lead author of the study .
But it was consistently engaged in over the years .
“ It was n’t something the women started and stopped , ” Lee says .
“ It was something they ’d been doing for years . ”
The women who exercised also tended to have lower body weights to start with .
All began the study with a body - mass index below 25 , the high end of normal weight .
“ We did n’t look at this , but it ’s probably safe to speculate that it ’s easier and more pleasant to exercise if you ’re not already heavy , ” Lee says .
Image Credit ... James Welling for The New York Times
On the other hand , if you can somehow pry off the pounds , exercise may be the most important element in keeping the weight off .
“ When you look at the results in the National Weight Control Registry , ” Braun says , “ you see over and over that exercise is one constant among people who ’ve maintained their weight loss . ”
About 90 percent of the people in the registry who have shed pounds and kept them at bay worked out , a result also seen in recent studies .
In one representative experiment from last year , 97 healthy , slightly overweight women were put on an 800 - calorie diet until they lost an average of about 27 pounds each .
Some of the women were then assigned to a walking program , some were put on a weight - training regimen and others were assigned no exercise ; all returned to their old eating habits .
Those who stuck with either of the exercise programs regained less weight than those who did n’t exercise and , even more striking , did not regain weight around their middles .
The women who did n’t exercise regained their weight and preferentially packed on these new pounds around their abdomens .
It ’s well known that abdominal fat is particularly unhealthful , contributing significantly to metabolic disruptions and heart disease .
The Obama White House has finally laid out its most thorough , reasoned rebuttal to arguments for marijuana legalization – countering a campaign that is gaining alarming momentum at the state level .
The president ’s tough position was delivered in early March by his “ drug czar , ” Gil Kerlikowske , in a private talk before police chiefs in California – which is ground zero for this debate .
“ Marijuana legalization – for any purpose – is a nonstarter in the Obama administration , ” said Mr. Kerlikowske , a former police chief himself .
It ’s almost certain that California voters will be asked in a November ballot initiative whether to allow local governments to regulate and tax marijuana ( similar to taxes on sales of alcohol ) .
Other states are considering similar proposals , which are really a backdoor way to legalize pot .
( For a Monitor news story on the California ballot initiative , click here )
Thirteen states have decriminalized the use or possession of small amounts of marijuana , which is not the same as legalizing it .
Selling it is still illegal except in states where it is used for medical purposes .
And under federal law , any sort of marijuana use or sale is a criminal offense .
The drug czar ’s remarks are worth notice for two reasons .
First , they provide needed talking points for those who oppose legalization but who ca n’t seem to make their message resonate in the face of a well - financed , well - organized pro-marijuana effort .
Second , they help clear up confusion about the White House policy on legalization .
When Attorney General Eric
Holder announced last year that US law enforcement officials would neither raid nor prosecute medical marijuana dispensaries or those using them , states got mixed signals .
Mr. Holder explained it as a matter of the best use of scarce federal law enforcement resources , which he did n’t want to expend in the now 14 states that have approved some use of medical marijuana .
But “ a lot of people believe the administration is somewhat in favor of the decriminalization of marijuana , ” says Scott Kirkland , police chief for El Cerrito , in the San Francisco Bay area .
In California , the public , city council members , city managers , even police chiefs have “ misinterpreted ” the administration ’s position , says Mr. Kirkland , the spokesman for marijuana issues for the California Police Chiefs Association .
The drug czar could n’t have been more plain .
On medical marijuana , which has strong public backing in opinion polls , the former Seattle police chief said that “ science should determine what a medicine is , not popular vote . ”
As Kerlikowske pointed out , marijuana is harmful – and he has the studies to back it up .
Read the footnotes in his speech ; they ’re sobering , especially No. 8 .
( For a previous Monitor editorial on the perils of legalizing pot , click here )
Legalization supporters argue that no one has ever died from an overdose of this “ soft ” drug .
But here ’s what “ science ” has found so far : Smoking marijuana can result in dependence on the drug .
More than 30 percent of people who are 18 and over and who used marijuana in the past year are either dependent on the drug or abuse it – that is , they use it repeatedly under hazardous conditions or are imparied when they ’re supposed to be interacting with others , such as at work .
This is according to a 2004 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Pot is also associated with poor motor skills , cognitive impairment ( i.e. , affecting the ability to think , reason , and process information ) , and respiratory and mental illness .
The recent “ Pentagon shooter , ” John Patrick Bedell , was a heavy marijuana user .
The disturbed young man ’s psychiatrist told the Associated Press that marijuana made the symptoms of his mental illness more pronounced .
Mr. Bedell ’s brother , Jeffrey , told The Washington Post that marijuana made his brother ’s thinking “ more disordered ” and that he had implored him to stop smoking pot , to no avail .
Kerlikowske also effectively knocked down the argument that regulating and taxing marijuana is a great way for states to make money in these deficit - dreary times .
Indeed , NORML , the lead group in the legalization movement , is set to launch a digital ad campaign in Manhattan ’s Times Square next week : “ Money CAN grow on trees ! ”
It ’s a claim that ’s too good to be true , just as the exclamation point implies .
Look at the nation ’s experience with regulated alcohol .
America collects nearly $ 15 billion a year in federal and state taxes from alcohol .
But Kerlikowske says that covers less than 10 percent of the “ social costs ” related to healthcare , lost productivity , and law enforcement .
And what about lost lives ?
Let ’s not add marijuana to the mix of regulated substances .
“ The costs of legalizing marijuana would outweigh any possible tax that could be levied , ” Kerlikowske explains .
In the United States , illegal drugs already cost an estimated $ 180 billion annually in social costs , according to the Office of National Drug Control Policy .
That number would increase as marijuana became more widely and easily available .
The Dutch – so often praised by marijuana advocates – have had to greatly ratchet back the number of legal marijuana outlets because of crime , nuisance , and increased pot usage among youth .
Los Angeles , too , now sees the need to scale back the number of private dispensaries of medical marijuana .
Many California towns have looked at L.A. and are saying “ no ” to dispensaries .
The California Board of Equalization , which administers the state ’s sales tax , estimates $ 1.4 billion of potential revenue from a marijuana tax .
Found money ?
Its reasoning is based on either “ a series of assumptions that are in some instances subject to tremendous uncertainty or in other cases not valid , ” according to an independent study by the RAND Corporation .
What ’s too bad about the drug czar ’s speech is that it was made behind closed doors at a venue not accessible to the press , then quietly put on the administration ’s website .
Given the confusion over the message , the White House needs to be far more outspoken about this .
President Obama himself needs to get more involved than simply letting his drug czar reveal this critical stance below the radar .
As a high - profile parent , he can help other parents who are struggling to prevent their children from going down the rabbit hole of drug use .
If one message can resonate in this debate , it ’s that America ’s young people are most vulnerable to the threat of legalization .
They are particularly sensitive to the price of pot ( and prices will come down if pot is legalized ) .
They ’re the most influenced by societal norms ( and public approval is growing ) .
And they ’re the ones most heavily engaged in studying and learning – a process that pot smoking can impair .
Individuals who reach age 21 without using drugs are almost certain to never use them .
But according to a study by a leading source on young people and drugs , Monitoring the Future , marijuana use among teens has increased in recent years , after a decade of decline .
Teens perceive less risk in use – not surprising when states approve of it as medicine .
Risk perception greatly influences drug use among young people .
The risks of marijuana – and the wisdom of knowing that joy and satisfaction are not found in a drug – are lessons that Mr. Obama could effectively teach the nation .
But even so , it ca n’t stop there .
The momentum , for now , is with those who want to legalize marijuana .
They have been generously financed by a few billionaires , including George Soros , and make strategic use of the Internet and media .
It will take clear - thinking parents , teachers , local officials , faith leaders , and law enforcement officers to convincingly articulate why the march to legalization must be stopped .
They can , if they use the kinds of reasonable and fact - based arguments that the nation ’s drug czar has just laid out .
( To read Gil Kerlikowske ’s speech , click here . )
In this week ’s issue of the magazine , I have a Profile of the film composer Michael Giacchino , who recently won an Oscar for his work on “ Up . ” ( Subscribers can read the full text ; others can buy access to the issue via the digital edition . )
For the past several months , I ’ve been watching Giacchino as he writes and records music for the much - discussed and - puzzled - over TV show “ Lost , ” whose finale airs on May 23rd .
In this video clip , I point out a few of Giacchino ’s signature techniques and tics .
( I use the terms sul ponticello , meaning that a string player places the bow right at the bridge of the instrument , making a ghostly sound ; and tremolo , meaning that the bow is moved rapidly back and forth , creating a flickering effect .
For more on the trombone glissando , see my February blog entry . )
The footage in the video comes from “ Sundown , ” the sixth episode of the final season of “ Lost . ”
As for the ending , I can offer an exclusive clue : the key of C major will play an important role .
Hear Ross discuss movie music in the New Yorker Out Loud podcast .
Most adages are n’t backed up by scientific research .
However , a new study in PNAS this week lends support to the saying " With age comes wisdom . "
Even though other cognitive processes degenerate during one 's golden years , the authors found that old age is associated with significant gains in social conflict reasoning .
In accordance with other psychological studies , the researchers defined " wisdom " as knowledge that is useful for navigating social challenges and dealing with life problems .
They assessed six commonly cited dimensions of wisdom , including perspective - shifting , recognition of uncertainty , and willingness to search for a compromise .
The subjects , who varied from 25 to 90 years old , first took several cognitive tests to assess various measures of their intelligence .
They then read newspaper stories about either intergroup conflicts ( such as the ethnic clash between the Issa and the Afari in Djibouti ) , or " Dear Abby " letters about interpersonal conflicts ( such as a husband and wife 's marital problems ) .
Each participant was interviewed about what they had read , and their answers were rated on each dimension of wisdom by coders who were blinded to their age .
For each type of conflict , elderly participants outscored both young and middle - aged participants in nearly every wisdom dimension .
The greatest gains in wisdom were between middle age and old age , even though fluid intelligence , or the ability to reason abstractly , tends to drop during that period .
The researchers found that these positive effects of age on wisdom are significant across all social classes , education levels , and IQs .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1001715107 ( About DOIs ) .
I 've made a Django site , but I 've drank the Koolaid and I want to make an IPhone version .
After putting much thought into I 've come up with two options :
Make a whole other site , like i.xxxx.com .
Tie it into the same database using Django 's sites framework .
Find some time of middleware that reads the user - agent , and changes the template directories dynamically .
I 'd really prefer option # 2 , however ; I have some reservations , mainly because the Django documentation discourages changing settings on the fly .
I found a snippet that would do the what I 'd like .
My main issue is having it as seamless as possible , I 'd like it to be automagic and transparent to the user .
Has anyone else come across the same issue ?
Would anyone care to share about how they 've tackled making IPhone versions of Django sites ?
Update
I went with a combination of middleware and tweaking the template call .
For the middleware , I used minidetector .
I like it because it detects a plethora of mobile user - agents .
All I have to do is check request . mobile in my views .
For the template call tweak :
def check_mobile ( request , template_name ) : if request . mobile : return ' mobile -%s'% template_name return template_name
I use this for any view that I know I have both versions .
TODO :
Some of our forum members are reporting that they purchased Intel i7 920 processors from Newegg , but what they received was anything but a usable processor .
The box looks real enough until you look closely and notice things like spelling errors and fake security tape .
Some people think these might have been meant for display purposes in a retail store and were shipped on error .
Head on in to our forum for a closer look .
–splat
2020 has been one of the toughest years in living memory for many of us as the Covid - 19 pandemic has ravaged the world and ...
I noticed something about Joseph Gordon - Levitt a year ago writing for a now defunct site ( Austin Script Guy ) … homeboy looks a lot like Heath Ledger .
Tell me he does n’t ?
He ’s his spitting effing image !
For anybody who doubts his acting chops , just go watch 500 Days of Summer , Brick , The Lookout and Mysterious Skin .
He ’s picking up where Heath left off and becoming one of the “ must watch ” actors of his generation .
Even his turn as Cobra Commander in G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra made that crapfest worth watching .
That being said , if Christopher Nolan , David Goyer and Co. wanted to bring back the Joker to face Batman again in Batman 3 , I think they could do it with JGL .
Would he have to fill some whopping effing shoes ?
You bet .
But if there is one young actor who looks like Heath and has his potential , it ’s JGL .
Remember , we once all doubted Heath ’s ability to pull off the Joker .
Remember how that played out ?
Personally , I would only recommend using JGL as Heath ’s Joker briefly , maybe from a cell a la Anthony Hopkins ’ Hannibal Lector in Silence of the Lambs .
That way you could use lighting , or a lack thereof , to mask the actor ’s differences .
Maybe he gives Batman a few clues to track down the Riddler .
Hey , the only thing the Joker hates worse than the Caped Crusader is no longer being the biggest game in town .
He ’d also likely feel like the Riddler was a two - bit rip - off , even though that ’s not the case at all .
It ’s not like Batman could n’t get into Arkham undetected either .
A lot of people are clamoring for Johnny Depp to take on the Joker after seeing him step in for Heath in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus .
That ’s a bad idea .
Why ?
He could n’t sink into the role the way JGL could .
Let ’s face it , most of the moviegoing public still does n’t know JGL , while most of the world knows Depp — he ’s a household name .
JGL working with Nolan in this summer ’s Inception also makes this seem more feasible .
Also , remember that Scarecrow made a cameo in The Dark Knight after serving as one of the main villains in Batman Begins .
That certainly lent Gotham authenticity and continuity , so why go away from that strategy now ?
I honestly believe that Joseph Gordon - Levitt is the one actor who can pull off reprising Heath Ledger ’s Joker .
Gutsy statement , but there ’s no doubt in my mind .
The other thing is , and this is huge , I actually think most fans would approve of this casting choice .
Heath was wildly popular , especially following his death , but JGL has a cult following himself .
Christopher Nolan , please do us a favor and do what the Dark Knight himself did with the Joker at the end of Batman Begins — “ look into it .
If you like this idea , be sure to join its Facebook page .
Other Batman 3 Casting Posts :
Osama Bin Liberty – Wer dd allz teh Humanz Ritez goezzz ?
So tell me , why do we have the International Criminal Court ?
As far as I ’ve been informed it was put in place to deal with war criminals and crimes against humanity .
Last time I checked my dictionary – terrorism was a crime against humanity and in the case of Al Qaeda and Osama Bin Ladin ’s terrorist dealings – this is exactly the type of thing they should have been dealing with .
Not to mention the violation of human rights .
Now , before I continue – I ’d liek to state I do n’t condone terrorism nor support Al Qaeda in any shape or form , but I do support and believe in human rights .
Regardless of his actions – Osama Bin Ladin was a human .
He had a very warped and screwed up perception and world view – but none the less – he still had all the same rights as you me and everyone else .
There is no clause in United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) [ that states a person can lose their rights if they commit crimes of any calibre .
So why is it – that we make exceptions to the rule and just straight out murder him ?
Say what you will – but I ’m damn sure the USA is far more equiped to deal with the scenario that unfolded at Osama ’s compound back in May .
So its either down to a “ kill on sight ” order – or a serious lack of training in the Navy SEALS .
I have a lot of respect for military personel , but it does n’t mean I think they are trained to be the status of Elite if they have jumpy trigger fingers .
Now , I ’m not saying I can think of anyone who would be better – I ’m just saying that the government in America needs to grow a pair of balls and just admit they fucked up .
Sure they killed Osama and some of his associates that day , I ca n’t say it was a bad thing for the world – but it still was a breach of human rights as well as a major punch in the balls to the ICC ’s purpose of existance .
We brought the Nazi ’s to trial ?
They affected and murdered millions of more people and commited one of the largest attrocities in our human history .
He was n’t exactly a threat , he as one man , is not a threat to anyone , no more than any other elderly person with kidney issues .
Sure his ideals and his influences had the potential to do unforseen levels of damage – and we saw a very good example of his crimes with the attack on US soil on September 11th 2001 , but it still stands to reason that the only way a concept like Human Rights can work , is if we adhere to our commitment to it and uphold it even when the masses say otherwise .
Elsewise it just becomes an buerocractic tool to let politics slide when they wish and then enforce it with extreme prejudice when it suits .
It seems to me that this world has gotten the fucked up idea that only innocent people have Human Rights .
Now Osama is only an example of this breach , many people everyday have their Rights infringed upon .
Regardless of their gender , race , political or religious affiliations – it happens on a daily basis .
It does n’t make it any more okay just because ‘ everyone does it ’ .
It makes it more worrying to the point that we are past the stage of just letting minor things slide – but now we are starting to see this double standard come out all the time .
Anyone who becomes a public enemy these days automatically is subscribed to a different set of Human Rights .
Funny enough though everyone seems to be aware of this big fucking elephant in the room – but nobody will point it out .
Its a sad world when you look at the news and see an entire city celebrating the death of a human .
Just because the person did a lot of harm and caused a lot of pain does n’t mean you should celebrate his death .
Regardless the person – regardless if them being dead is a better thing for humanity , what is wrong with everyone that they ca n’t just be happy that their friends , relatives , co-workers etc – have been avenged .
You can be content with something without having a street rave .
Imagine how the World ’s reaction would go if it were the opposite .
Let ’s say the US President was attacked and killed and on the TV we see the Al Qaeda supporters cheering and celebrating .
It would fuel our anger of our loss .
We would complain and kick and whinge about it .
But this is all looking at events from an impartial perspective .
I personally feel the world is a marginally safer world now he is gone , but personally I would just prefer if they worked things out in a democratic method and things worked with more understanding and compassion rather than motivated by greed and reputation .
The political systems of the world are flawed for one pure reason .
They are all built and maintained with methods that rely to much on social exchange , image , status and wealth .
So until people stop doing political favors for eachother , ( vote rigging , bribes , intimidation and black mail etc ) , we are doomed to live in a world where the only god that truly exists is wealth and the devil is poverty .
A few clarifications :
This essay was written from a neutral perspective of the big picture .
You may not agree with what I say and have other ideas and perspectives , thats fine , enjoy them , but do not take anything I have said here as insult or compliment towards any of the parties I have discussed such as the UN , USA , Europe , Islam , Al Qaeda or The US Military .
The opinions in this article do not reflect that of the author ( me ) .
I encourage comments and discussions but I do not encourage trolls nor entertain their comments .
Thanks for reading 😉 😀
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Is it really just this simple ?
So the human mind … memory … thoughts … ideas … dreams …. why do n’t we understand these things .
Why is it that we can make a map of the universe but we ca n’t seem to figure out how our brains seem to work .
Okay we know several things , we know that they are working in paralell – passing information between themselves in certain patterns , where memories are formed and what process happens during the formation … we know how the brain interprets the signals from the eye and the manner in which it converts it into a lovely high resolution image from us to navigate by , so why ca n’t we figure out about what or where that little spark happens that is human thought .
What I figure is we are just extremely efficient organic ‘ machines ’ .
Now I do n’t mean we are all robots – I mean we are mechanical in how we work .
In other words – I believe that just like a car – our functions and composure can be fully explained and there is none of this mystical stuff that people call the soul or even that the mind is anything intangible .
If you look at your computer – you can see all the information on the screen , the words , the colors , the pictures .
But none of these images actually exist inside the computer or anywhere else for that matter ( other than other computer monitors ) .
So this information only exists as 1 ’s and 0’s on a hard drive .
Thats not an impossible method for the brain to work either – I mean the computer interprets the positioning of your mouse for example purely by mathematical process – rather than ‘ looking ’ at where it is now and ‘ seeing ’ where you move the mouse on the mousepad to work it out .
Lets use our brains awesome ability to think of impossible scenarios and ideas to do a little thought experiment .
Take a lake of any size you like , and populate it with lilly pads , on each lilly pad is a frog who sorts files and passes them between eachother .
Now lets assume each frogs folder for filing can only hold a maximum of 100 files .
Now lets understand that when a frog moves and shuffles around on his lilly pad – he ’s making ripples in the water .
Now when these frogs start filing they tend to work in certain pattern based on the weather .
Okay now lets just remember this is a thought experiement to explain my concept 🙂
I know frogs do n’t tend to do filling out on the lake …
Now each frog depending on the pattern they are working in – will exchange files appropriately with neighbouring frogs .
As each frog files away a page or passes it to another – he ’s making ripples – these ripples are standing in for the electrochemical signal that we in the real world , monitor to determine the state or activity of a brain cell .
As they pass information between eachother depending on the weather , which paralells simple situational input .
That is to say rainy windy weather vs sunny calm weather .
Each different weather pattern will cause different work patterns in the frogs in the same way that different sensory input to humans causes various patterns of neruactivity .
Now lets assume these pages are abstract representations with different shapes and sizes and colors , smells and textures and even have unique sounds when they crumple .
Each page is a packet of sensory data .
The data is random but it is tagged and associated with similar pages in this filing process .
They can be assembled again to recreate the full memory – however paper degrades and will decay with moisture ( water ) and how I figure the brain forgets things is of a similar idea .
If you take it that each brain cell has a certain capacity of axons and dendrites it can support – then lets assume that the memories are ‘ stored ’ in these connections .
Now if a connection does n’t recieve much activity – it will start to degrade and eventually become broken – ie that part of the memory or detail no longer exists .
Now all you need to have is inside each neuron – an indexing like function – purely storing a copy of the protein that formed that specific dendrite or axon .
The reason for the index is because the neuron needs a way of knowing which connections he currently has open and which are non-existant .
So now each neuron knows exactly what he ’s connected to and what types of information go where – we also have a method in which unused memories can fade and replenish the neurons capacity to create new memorys .
So if you see the paralells in our hypothetical brain – the functions between the frogs on the lake – are the exact same as the concepts of how I suppose the brain works .
This however brings me to the idea that our mind and thoughts and ability to compose intricate ideas as well as be self aware – is purely just a result of a massive amount of information passing through a highly efficient system – designed to do exactly what it does .
Survive .
Our entire body is a vehicle for our brain – we have muscles to move our arms so we can gather resources to put into our ‘ vehicle ’ to give it fuel to make our bodies go .
Thats a well known fact – but the point is our bodies are tools of our brains – which in itself is only doing what it does because if it did n’t – it would be dead .
Now thats the beauty of evolution – the reason we all live and work ect – is because all the people ever born whos brains decided to just not work continously – were never living , especially not long enough to reproduce .
So that type of behaviour or function of the brain could never evolved .
Nothing can evolve to die at birth which is an obvious statement .
Its common sense .
If you think of it like this – our brain is just a bunch of cells who are working in a continous loop and our awareness and apparent self awareness are all just illusions created by the massive movement and processing of mass amounts of data – which is only required to allow our brain to continue its existance .
This to me makes life and humans all the more interesting because we are just products of years of highly efficient optimization .
To be honest – the whole idea might seem a little odd or nonsensical – but I challenge you to come up with a sounder argument that accurately depicts the processes of the mind .
I ’m sure you will find that its difficult to come up with a concept that does n’t explain a self prepetuating machine thats only purpose is to gain experiences .
🙂
Probably my randomest article but my opinions stand 🙂
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
AI : Why its going to ruin my life !
I ’m not sure if I ’m the only person who sees this for what it is .
I ca n’t be , but it seems it sometimes .
In my last article I wrote about the glamors of Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , but upon pondering a while longer I have come to realize that it will be the demise of culture and civilization as we know it .
If I have the ability to generate a fully visualized world where I can attain any material object or experience any lifestyle , living as anybody I choose or inhabit my world with computer controlled clones of individuals of my choosing .
I see several troublesome scenarios : Firstly let us assume I have the money and means to purchase the required equipment and pay the necessary fees to avail of the current ‘ hottest ’ virtual tech .
I wake up in the morning , I get up and do the usual routine of washing up and having my shower , I then slip into some comfy tracksuit bottoms with nanotechnology integrated into every square nanometer of the material .
This tech is monitoring my vitals , keeping my insurance and medical services up to date with my body ’s condition on a need to know basis .
I eat my breakfast that has been prepared perfectly to fit my body ’s current needs and designed to fit my genetic profile , thus giving me the exact required nutrients I need .
I go to my virtual reality node or pod or whatever it is that I would use to connect to the virtual world .
I jack in and I go to my virtual office space and work for several hours .
At clocking out time , I decide to log on to my favorite RPG , the latest Star Wars game whichever it will be .
My character awakens from their resting place , I ’m now in a world of infinite size in which I have the full ability to do whatever I wish .
Now because I know its a game and has no real effect on my external reality , I know I ’m free to murder , rape and pillage to my hearts content without suffering any real consequences .
I also may just decide to flick on ‘ God Mode ’ and go on a massacre , after all , they are just made up of bits and bytes right ?
1s and 0s ?
But what happens when this indistinguishable world with its indistinguishable experience has a psychologically immersible effect in my external reality ?
What happens when I log out of my world where I am technically a God within the computer system .
I walk outside and without a thought , I attack and maim someone , because I ’ve learned a new behavior and habit to attack anyone who might be about to pull out a gun or what I perceive to be the revelation of a weapon .
Will it get to a stage where people will lose the ability to discern between realities ?
How about if I decide to live in a ‘ perfect ’ world .
When I say perfect , I define it as being a world that matches my routine and lifestyle perfectly , not a world without opposition or without balance , but just a world tailored to my fancy , green neon sky , everything is edible and tastes great , people walk around naked without a bother for embarrassment ( because its comfortable ) , my favorite superheroes and movie characters live right around the corner , I can experience the mental effect of any drug without ever putting my body at risk .
I can do ANYTHING I wish , none of it costing me a penny more than the cost of running the computer and or fees to use the software to connect to my virtual world .
How about if I decided to connect my body up to an automated life support system and live in this virtual world permanently ?
The ultimate in escapism fantasy !
Its perfectly possible and even likley that one fool will try such a thing !
Moving away from the personal catastrophies that would result , the reduction in culture , the binding force that holds societies together , the thing that makes you and your neighbor and community members feel that sense of togetherness .
The feeling of a country united in spirit will soon disappear .
People will migrate to these worlds while culture becomes extinct .
Now , you might say , ‘ We can regulate the usage ’ or ‘ We can decide what people can and ca n’t experience and the time they can spend inside these worlds ’ – not a chance , you guys will be the first to go 🙂
How do you regulate something that can be easily manipulated .
You are the same fools who think that electronic piracy prevention is enough to foil counter fitters .
In reality – the internet is not a place of censorship , it is ridden with websites that glorify propagate illegal , sickening , racist , violent or political / religious bullshit and fills the world wide web with an eternal cache of the worlds weirdest shit .
“ What happens on the internet – will stay on the internet ” The main fear I have is that we will all become consumerist slobs who live the lives of a mook , only really living for the next big fad or the coolest new gadget , completely forgeting about indivuality and the fact that culture and society matter as a corner stone of human civilization .
Yes , culture and society can evolve , but what happens when an organisim can’t evolve at the desired rate to survive ?
They go extinct .
If we create super - intelligent machines , that can defy the logic of our greatest minds , that can compute and improve themselves or ” evolve ” at whatever rate they desire and even more to the point , at an infinite rate !
If we ca n’t adapt and find a way to keep up then we will find ourselves on the recieving end of some asswhopping by a superior intellect that will cause the human race to fall back to insignificant numbers and eventually – blip … nothing !
Other than that though , it is going to be so awesome 😀
Just a thought !
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
AI Industries and How to Fix the World !
So what do I want out of life .
What can I do that will make me feel like my time on this mad planet was worth something ?
I could get really rich and life the great life , have my kids to grow up , privileged and never in want , my wife so pleased and happy with her life , fulfilled for bagging a rich guy…or I could put years of my life into a gamble on what might be one of the biggest discoveries of the human race .
Think about it .
Wipe out every last charity organization , every last fat cat banker out of business and every hospital , financial institution , educational edifice and every little part of the governments attempts to garnish their paychecks and line their expensive pockets .
If I put my time and effort into it – and I had the luck on my side to be part of the research , be King Arthur retrieving the sword from the stone , I could change the world .
Lease my technology to governments and companies under strict contract , use the funding to buyout the worlds health systems , education systems and fix the worlds poverty issue .
Remove the bullshit from corporate process and put hospitals , educational systems and humanitarianism .
Create artificial computers to teach the less privileged with top level and personalized teaching .
Have top quality medical care in some of the most poorest regions of the world .
Supply aid and rehabilitation units to raise communities and help them all achieve self sustainability and a stable economy .
Make homelessness and high - earnings a thing of the past .
I ’m not talking about communism , but the law wo n’t protect the rich man and dump on the working man .
You can earn what you want but there will be equal and fair treatment .
Scientific Research and Medical Research will take off like a greyhound since live testing on animals and humans will be redundant next to state of the art simulations from clusters of computers using AI to work through the simulations .
Everyday life will be changed on such a rapid basis , the common cold , cancer , HIV and all most all known current ailments and illnesses will be cured or treatable .
Entertainment will take on a whole new level with fully immersive virtual reality .
Unemployment will be a thing of the past and there will be jobs available for the qualified and education available for those desiring to become qualified .
Drug and Alcohol addiction will be fully immunized in the human genome through the use of genetic modification .
This will allow humans to ingest or use any form of drug with the full positive effects and zero negative affects and a 0 % chance of addiction .
The human body will be equipped to cope with the toxic chemicals through the use of nanobots .
These little molecular sized robots will exist inside the body sustaining of the bodies natural energy supply , glucose , and work to rid the body of toxins and foreign body ’s effectively giving the human race an enhanced immune system .
While the benefits of this technology are great its not without its flaws and abuses .
Nations creating army ’s of autonomous intelligent killing machines , the use of intelligent machines to commit various crimes of fraud and other such illegal activities .
The human race is not yet ready for such technology and would need to revise the entire legal system aswell as a constant ongoing evaluation of the possibility of robots becoming conscious sentient beings or not and if so what rights do they gain and their place in society .
Will they rise up and oppress us , using their vast intelligence and numbers to overwhelm us ?
How much do we integrate them into our worlds framework ?
Will they be restricted to licensed use or disallowed because of their unlimited and very dangerous potential ?
I ’m not sure – but I know that someone sometime will discover it – and I just hope they have the foresight and common sense to see its potential and its danger .
🙂
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Interesting Thought # 4 : Is the Future and Past – Just an illusion ?
Okay – so I ’ve been thinking .
A lot 🙂
My life , your life and the existence of EVERYTHING !
A lot of people feel they have a choice in life .
They sit there most of their time thought – regretting the bad choices they made and spending months in some cases , trying to place the blame to shed their guilt – or even just a couple of hours trying to understand a recent event and how they could have done things differently .
Why ?
Is it one of the problems with consciousness and higher thought ?
I think its actually just a matter of perception .
We are always in a state of trying to think a head – out think ‘ fate ’ or ‘ destiny ’ .
We constantly analyse the past looking to find every error we made so we do n’t make the same one again .
In reality though – we are back logged .
We make so many mistakes so frequently that we do n’t have enough time to reconsider them .
Plus we go through so many different scenarios in our mind of how the one event could have played out .
If we could see the future though , a definite future , would we be any happier ?
The temptation to look is too strong – since we all want that bit of control over our lives so saying ” I ’ll only look when I need to look but that ’s bullshit .
I know if I could see my definite future – I ’d be looking to it as much as I look at the past .
I spend hours of my day – at least half of my waking hours are spent thinking of everything that comes to mind that is half interesting .
Things I Think About
The location and composure of the human mind .
The size of the universe and what possible other life forms could exist besides carbon - based ( every life form of earth is carbon based )
How humans could evolve and how they could have evolved differently
Alternate ways society could develop
Z - Day ( Zombie Apocolypse )
When I cross the road I like to imagine I have telekinesis or mind control in case a driver might hit me – not a delusional thing just day dreaming
Martial Arts and the physics behind it – nerve strikes and grappling etc .
Past Relationships
Future Relationships
Who my possible wife might be and what she is currently doing and where she is in the world
Batman
Personal Life Events in the past
Friendships and Relationships and how things are going and possibly play out in current events
The Future – Technology , Society , Religion and Evolution
Alien Life
Existence and God
Batman
So as you can see my head – like most peoples – is running through thousands of thoughts per hour concocting various simulated scenarios and thinking of endless possibilities .
So the past is pretty obvious – as far as we know we can verify it has happened – that is – outside the belief of solipsism – and the future seems to be pretty much set in stone .
Humans can perceive 3½ dimensions .
Length , Height and Width .
Now if we consider what a dimension is and what the fourth dimension represents – we can say that a dimension is a physical location on a single plane in space - time .
How is time a dimension like length or height or width ?
Simple really .
Well Maybe 🙂
Each lower dimension will make up the dimension previous to it .
As you can see two objects in the ‘ 0 ’ dimension in the above diagram join together to create a first dimension object – a line .
Join two lines at both ends and you create a flat ( 2d ) square .
Join two squares and tada – you have a cube ( 3d ) .
What about the 4th dimension ?
Well if you think of the characteristics inherent in every object you have length , width , height and change .
As you sit infront of the computer – the state of the atoms in the world around you – are constantly changing – moving , vibrating or radiating at different rates .
Time is the measurement of change in a given object or system .
If you could percieve the full perspective of the fourth dimension – you could see every point that an object has existed and changed from its first planck second to its ultimate planck second of ceasing to exist – that is – when the matter has decompressed into energy and been completely destroyed – not just changed states .
Take into account here that matter – the hard stuff that you , me and everyone and everything is made from – is just densely compressed energy … and so in perceiving the full fourth dimension – you would see that the entire universe is created from basically you would be consiously aware of every atom you can see – its current measurements in height , length , width and change .
So looking at a collegue I can see every state he has ever been and will become right until the end of the universe – until our 11 total dimensions collapse in on themselves and the universe ‘ bursts ’ or ‘ collapses ’ .
This says to me – that the entire future of the universe and its entire contents are completely predictable and inherently predetermined .
You might be thinking – ” A here , fuck off would ye ?
I make my own decisions ” well not really -
You do n’t at all .
Its all just a big chain of dominos .
Example :
You wake up this morning .
You have three choices – look at the clock – lie there a little longer – get up straight away .
Now every one of those choices and any other you can think of – is purely a reaction .
You might look at the clock to make sure you do n’t miss work , school , college etc you might already know you do n’t have any morning appointments so you might lie there a little longer , you may not feel well or that you have slept enough either – or you may feel you ’ve reseted enough and your hungry , or you need the toilet – either way – its all decided already .
Because of past events the future is just a change of state based on the reaction of the last event and everything in your life will always happen because of a past event – everything is a reaction to a cause which in itself is a reaction to a previous cause .
It all started with A , A begot B and B begot C etc and eventually that single event begot the entire rest of the universe .
So if our brains could perceive the fourth dimension we technically could read minds , understand the universe on a greater scale as well as understand our purpose in the universe .
What I want though is – to be able to step outside reality – into my own pocket reality – where time runs at a relative rate of 1 second in this reality to 1 year in my private one .
This would give me all the time I need to understand everything I want to know .
Imagine – just with a thought – you could pause reality and step into your parallel reality where time runs at a sloth ’s pace – run to the library in Trinity College and read up on everything you need to satisfy your current curiousity – or during work – pop into my reality for a nap and sleep for a few hours ( my time ) and be back before people even notice I ’ve gone .
In the mean time – until we understand how to create traverse - able worm holes into our own pocket universes with time dilation – sit tight and enjoy the moment !
Just a thought 🙂
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Interesting Thought # 3 : To be or not to be ?
That is the question ..
In Shakespeare ’s play , Hamlet , he writes a speech to be read out by the character of Hamlet .
It opens with : … To be or not to be …
This is supposedly about two following plot hooks , to be avenged and to be dead .
I ’m going to take that phrase and apply it to the interpretation of ‘ to be dead ’ .
Now what this brings to me is the thoughts of our own existence and what it really means ‘ to be ’ .
When I think of existing , I think of being aware of myself , my thoughts and the passage of time , to be aware of the external world and that I and * it are operating within two different realities , that is to say I perceive my mind and my thoughts , that infinite space between my ears – that can contain universes of its own – is some metaphysical dimension .
Science however reminds me that my mind is just a by product of numerous chemical reactions constantly acting and reacting forming brain function .
I know I can see because when I look at the table in front of me – I see a remote control , I perceive the patterns of buttons and can see the difference in height between the buttons and the plastic case of the remote …
I can verify that what I ’m seeing is there because I can reach out and touch it , feeling the gaps I see between the buttons , I can bang it off the table and feel the resistance it gives and hear the noise of the two objects colliding .
So all of this data I can perceive and this should be enough to verify its existence as an inanimate object .
But how do I know I ’m not only feeling , seeing and hearing it because I expect to – or I am being tricked into perceiving it ?
If we look at the oh - so - common brain in a vat scenario we can see that this idea of solipsism * is quite possible and it is impossible to verify .
Your brain receives all of its feedback about the world and the body through nerve cells .
These are basically like domino sending messages to the brain via a chain - reaction / domino - effect to the brain .
They can be simulated with electrical impulses and stimulation .
So taking that you use your nervous system to perceive and feel anything and everything – you can see here how it can be tricked quite easily .
I take your brain from your body and I sever the spinal cord .
I submerge it in brain - nutriants which feed it everything it needs to function energy / oxygen and waste removal etc .
Now I attach to each never ending in the spinal cord – a small electrode the size of a 100th of a hair ’s width .
Through these electrodes I can send and receive signals to the brain just as the body did .
I attach it to this giant super computer that is powerful enough to manage all the connections in infinite variations .
Now – I that brain can live a perfectly conscious life .
The supercomputer only needs to compute and simulate what the brain would expect to perceive
So right now the rest of the world , the shop around the corner , my friend , my mother up in bed and my own bed are n’t within the perception of any of my senses .
I ca n’t see , hear , taste , feel or smell them .
So this supercomputer would n’t need to use CPU power to simulate those objects or areas .
This means an easier job for the computer .
It also means that you can never prove this theory purely because if you have discovered a flaw in the system – it can easily just erase your memory and experience of the flaw – and have a do - over …
At any point it chooses .
For example you have no way of proving that you have been existing for as long as you think you have .
I remember the last 20 years of my life – I remember what I did yesterday .
I remember that guy on the bus who reads the paper too close to his face and that other guy who does sudoku everyday .
But what if none of that ever happened and this computer has just generated these false memories just a moment ago .
How could I ever question my existence if I ca n’t step outside our reality to view it externally from a higher level or reality .
So this brings me to the point – does anything really exist ?
How can you tell ?
How do YOU exist .
Where is your mind ?
I mean that in the sense of its physical location – this infinite space that can hold infinite amounts of data .
I think the human mind is purely just a side effect of the chemical reactions .
But if that ’s true – why am I me ?
Why was I born and why not someone else – I find the idea of a spiritual self or a soul to be illogical and impractical .
I do n’t believe in it one bit .
The way I see it the entire universe is a logical system with rules and structure – and if things ca n’t be explained or defined in mathematical terms or demonstrated in a logical manner – then it ca n’t be real .
How can something be real if it does n’t make logical sense .
How are souls logical ?
God is n’t even a logical concept .
If god were to exist – he would need to exist outside our reality – this means he is illogical .
Because logic is a part of our reality – its an internal concept or mechanic to enable the universe to work according to the rules .
But the universe must exist within something else – within a higher reality that must abide by different rules under a different system of logic .
This would say to me that whatever god is – whether its a sentient being or a self aware being , a type of energy or matter , or if he is just our minds way of tying the concept of existence and attaching a purpose to it .
But that being said – this god cannot be good or evil – there ca n’t be a heaven or hell and there ca n’t be half of the things he / she claims to be .
For one – emotion is a chemical reaction – we can observe it .
Morals and emotions are closely tied .
Our morals are our emotional reaction to a decision or event in our lives and govern how we handle abstract situations that are outside the realms of instinct or provide understanding of the implications of taking action based on our instinct .
That being said – it seems you require a physical body to feel emotion you also need to have neurons reacting in a neural network for emotions to exist in a chemical state and a state of consciousness to exist on a mental level .
Since this god would exist outside our universe he cannot possess the traits designed and based within a universe with separate rules and logic .
This indicates that heaven and hell cannot exist simply because they are based on moral decision which is a feature of emotion and since we have already agreed that god is not a creature of morals – he therefore does n’t love you nor does he care to judge you any more than you would judge an ant .
This sets the idea of religion to be plainly obvious – a control for society – but we kinda figured it out already !
You can easily compare the life time of Humans as a race – to that of the stages of human development .
We started off with basic skills and ability and explorers the world around us – just as babies do .
Then we started to learn to use tools and to create – just as toddlers do – we then became overly proud of our industrial achievements and our advancements with knowledge – just as a prepubescent does – then we move on to leaving traditional values and doing what the worlds leaders and organizations tell us , forming our own opinions of the world , gaining independence from our dependants , losing faith in religion and politics , just as teenagers we start to find an identity – or – our place in the world they move away from authority when it fails to explain their curiosities and expectations .
This leaves our next step to be into adulthood we ’re we understand our responsibilities as an entity in the universe – only know starting to grasp the fine , complicated knowledge of the cosmos and we start to find out our role in this big giant chemical reaction that is our universe .
So what is our consciousness ?
What are we ?
In my opinion as you ’ve just read – we are the flame that jumps to life when you strike the match … and just like the flame hops into existence , we do our dance and then fade away leaving only evidence of our short existence in the scorch mark - events of our lives .
Anyway – good night 🙂
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
My Legend of the 5 Rings Clan …
Apparently this is the Clan that reflects my personal philosophies the most .
Click the image above to take the short quiz yourself .
I ’ve decided to expand my Roleplaying horizons to include L5R and while I ’m still to do some reading up and research into the game itself I understand the basic premise :
You become a person of importance back in Feudal Japan .
You and your friends play the roles of Nobels , Samurai , Monks , Shugenja ( Wizards / Mages ) and seemingly some other ‘ classes ’ .
I hope to write a more detailed post on the game later on but just accept this as the prelude .
Keep Reading 😉
Liked this ?
Share IT !
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Print
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
To commemorate the 300th anniversary of the Statute of Anne , the first modern copyright law , the British Council asked a lot of people with strong ideas about copyright , from the CEO of Random House to the founder of Wikipedia , to remark on what copyright is for and how it might be improved .
Here 's the short essay I contributed :
If there 's one lie more corrosive to creativity above all others , it is the lie of romantic individual originality .
Today , ' copyright curriculum ' warns schoolchildren not to be ' copycats ' – to come up with their own original notions .
We are that which copies .
Three or four billion years ago , by some process that we do n't understand , molecules began to copy themselves .
We are the distant descendants of those early copyists – copying is in our genes .
We have a word for things that do n't copy : ' dead ' .
Walk the streets of Florence and you 'll find a ' David ' on every corner : because for half a millennium , Florentine sculptors have learned their trade by copying ( but try to take a picture of ' David ' on his plinth and you 'll be tossed out by a security guard who wants to end this great tradition in order to encourage you to buy a penny postcard ) .
I learned to write by copying .
In 1977 , when I was six , my father took me to ' Star Wars ' .
I could n't figure out how a made - up story could be so exciting , so I went home , stapled some paper together and trimmed it to book size , and wrote out the story as best I remembered it , doing it over and over again as I strove to unpick it .
Today , I earn my living by copying : taking ideas that excite me and combining them in ways that are mine , but never wholly mine .
If copyright law is to truly nurture art and creativity , rather than merely lining the pockets of the last generation of copyists who now declare themselves to be pure of all replication and wholly original from the first word to the last , it * must * recognize and celebrate the wonderful thing that is copying .
For those of us who grew up in fundamentalist or authoritarian religions , the word “ morality ” can be like a red flag in front of a bull .
Words like “ morals ” and “ morality ” can sometimes evoke powerful childhood images and feelings of a wrathful god making arbitrary rules and punishing the wrongdoer — forever !
The words may also evoke painful memories of parents who said , “ Do what I say , not what I do ! ”
As we begin to think for ourselves and question authority , we can see all around us the truth of Mark Twain ’s observation : “ In religion and politics people ’s beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second - hand , and without examination , from authorities who have not themselves examined the questions at issue but have taken them at second - hand from other non-examiners , whose opinions about them were not worth a brass farthing . ”
But just maybe we need to be careful not to throw out the “ baby ” of morality with the dirty “ bath water ” of benighted , punitive religiosity and moralism .
As Theravada teacher Thanissaro Bhikkhu notes in an article :
“ The [ Buddha ’s ]
Awakening also tells us that good and bad are not mere social conventions , but are built into the mechanics of how the world is constructed .
We may be free to design our lives , but we are not free to change the underlying rules that determine what good and bad actions are , and how the process of kamma works itself out .
Thus cultural relativism — even though it may have paved the way for many of us to leave our earlier religious orientations and enter the Buddhist fold — has no place once we are within that fold .
There are certain ways of acting that are inherently unskillful , and we are fools if we insist on our right to behave in those ways . ”
Challenging words , but the “ fools ” refers to this teaching of the Buddha :
Monks , these two are fools .
Which two ?
The one who does n’t see his transgression as a transgression , and the one who does n’t rightfully pardon another who has confessed his transgression .
These two are fools .
“ These two are wise people .
Which two ?
The one who sees his transgression as a transgression , and the one who rightfully pardons another who has confessed his transgression .
These two are wise people . ” — AN 2:21
In Buddhism , morality is better understood as awakened virtue — something that is universally true , yes , but which appears in our individual hearts as we wake up to what works and what does n’t work in terms of happiness .
The Buddhist term for this awakened virtue is sīla , and it is an essential part of the spiritual path .
Numerous places in the Pali canon the Buddha indicates that without sīla , one can’t develop deep concentration and discernment .
In traditional Buddhism , meditation is not even taught until the moral precepts and virtues are explained and understood by students .
Is this “ moralism ” on the part of “ old school ” Buddhist teachers ?
No !
Actually , it ’s the Buddha ’s first important teaching on karma — that our actions , skillful or unskillful , filled with grasping and selfishness or not , largely determine our happiness .
Sīla is the compassionate and wise outcome of understanding the importance of karma , of how we act and do n’t act , in the spiritual path .
Every genuine spiritual path teaches the importance of moral actions and thus that some actions promote happiness and good relations with others , and that other actions do n’t .
As the great Thai Forest teacher Ajahn Chah says in his characteristically simple and down - to - earth way :
“ It is only natural that when we put on dirty clothes and our bodies are dirty , that our minds too will feel uncomfortable and depressed .
However , if we keep our bodies clean and wear clean , neat clothes , it makes our minds light and cheerful .
So too , when morality is not kept , our bodily actions and speech are dirty , and this is a cause for making the mind unhappy , distressed and heavy .
We are separated from right practice and this prevents us from penetrating in the essence of the Dhamma in our minds .
The wholesome bodily actions and speech themselves depend on mind , properly trained , since mind orders body and speech .
Therefore , we must continue practice by training our minds . ”
However , there are those who argue that morality is an “ illusion ” because they ’ve adopted the mental stance that everything , finally , is an illusion .
Because of its inseparability from karma , the Buddha never taught that morality is an illusion .
But this is a classic error often made by theoretical non-dualists — an error , by the way , that all the great non-dual teachers avoid .
Calling morality an “ illusion , ” one fails to see that as we grow spiritually we transcend and include what might look like , from the outside , conventional morality .
A “ moral ” person may have little spirituality , but a truly spiritually - minded person will almost always act morally ?
Why ?
Because to see what is moral — to see what has virtue — is to see what causes suffering and what does n’t cause suffering .
It is to discern what burdens the mind and what frees the mind .
If we have gained any degree of awakening , it ’s been through working with karma — understanding the cause and effect of our actions
So developing sīla ca n’t be skipped over on our way to nirvana !
Western students , seeking to avoid the hypocrisy and moralism of conventional religiosity , often want a “ morality free ” spiritual path .
But if you look deeply into karma , you ’ll see there is no such thing .
The sīla taught by the Buddha is an indispensable skill that one needs to unbind from those very things that obscure and defile the mind and heart .
As the Buddha taught :
“ This is the way leading to discernment : when visiting a brahman or contemplative , to ask : ‘ What is skillful , venerable sir ?
What is unskillful ?
What is blameworthy ?
What is blameless ?
What should be cultivated ?
What should not be cultivated ?
What , having been done by me , will be for my long - term harm & suffering ?
Or what , having been done by me , will be for my long - term welfare & happiness ? ’ ” — MN 135
The Buddha did teach moral precepts — not as a Buddist “ ten commandments ” but as skillful means to liberation .
That ’s why all schools of Buddhism teach that deep concentration and insight are impossible without developing sīla and living by life - tested moral precepts .
We may not like moral precepts if we are not living in accord with them , but we are always free moral agents to see for ourselves , in our own lives , what works and does n’t work .
However , if we believe and act as if morality is an illusion , then we are a danger to ourselves and to others .
Why ?
Let ’s take a simple example .
How about honesty ?
If honesty is an illusion , then what difference would it make if we were dishonest with ourselves and others ?
If dishonesty is an illusion “ because everything is an illusion , ” then dishonesty would have no karma .
We would never reap the consequences of being dishonest with ourselves or others .
If morality is an illusion , why not live as you want , without regard to any moral precepts , since it ’s all “ just an illusion ” anyway ?
Well , how does being dishonest with ourselves and others work out in life practice ?
When we face temptation to do something harmful , ( and yes , we all eventually learn that some actions are harmful ! ) are we helped in our aspiration for a happy life to believe that right and wrong are illusions , so we can behave any way we want ?
Do you like to be around a person who you ca n’t trust and is always lying and deceiving ?
Do you like to be around a person who sees you as an object to be used and consumed by him or her ?
How does that feel ?
When a friend betrays your trust , does it heal your heart to argue , intellectually , that the person did nothing wrong to you , because , “ after all , morality is just an illusion ? ”
When a parent or relative has emotionally or sexually abused you , do you want to hear that “ there is no right or wrong ” and that the abuse was “ just an illusion ? ”
That ’s certainly great news for all those priests who sexually abused thousands of children !
Clearly , the belief that morality is an illusion is the path to moral idiocy , the inability to discern right from wrong .
In all the great spiritual traditions , the path to freedom from harm is being able to say to yourself , “ I can see that what those actions are wrong ! ”
And then doing the often very hard work of facing up to the consequences of wrong doing and sorting all the damage that was done by the wrong actions of ourselves or others .
Until a person has begun to glimpse there is indeed good and evil , right and wrong , skillful actions and unskillful actions , a person only has the karma of suffering to teach him or her .
And suffering can be a very powerful teacher !
But is n’t it amazing how long we can continue to act in harmful ways and fail to see cause and effect at work ?
The Buddha taught a Noble Eightfold Path that included sīla — ethical conduct that awakens and develops virtue .
The Buddha definitely maps out what thoughts and actions are skillful and what are n’t .
He made clear what develops awakened virtue and what does n’t .
If we are interested in the Buddha ’s path , it is our job to test this map in our own lives and see for ourselves what thoughts and actions lead to the end of suffering and what thoughts and actions bring lasting happiness .
In a way , the Buddhist path is very simple .
It can be summed up in one verse that embodies the three stages on the noble , happy path that leads to total freedom :
To refrain from all evil ,
To do what is good ,
To purify the mind ,
This is the teaching of the Buddhas .
Ajahn U Silananda
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
I just got some more Bluetooth dongles in from DealExtreme .
This one advertises extended range and EDR support , for $ 5 .
The package looks convincing enough , nevermind the engrish :
So I cracked it open , naturally .
( Hey , I was planning on using it for that crazy project . )
And I was shocked to find this :
Like many people in the RDF community I ’ve been thinking about the issue of syndicating updates to RDF datasets .
If we want to support truly distributed aggregation and processing of data then we need an efficient way to share updates .
There ’s been a lot of experimentation around different mechanisms , and PubSubHubbub seems to be a current favourite approach .
I ’ve been playing with it myself recently and have hacked up a basic push mechanism around Talis Platform stores .
More on that another time .
But I ’ve not yet seen any general discussion about the merits of different approaches , or even discussion about what it is that we really want to syndicate .
So let ’s take it from the top .
It seems to me that there ’s basically three broad categories of information we want to syndicate :
Dataset Notifications — has a new dataset been added to a directory ?
has one been updated in some way , e.g. through the addition or removal of triples ?
— has a new dataset been added to a directory ?
has one been updated in some way , e.g. through the addition or removal of triples ?
Resource Notifications — what resources have been added or modified within a dataset ?
— what resources have been added or modified within a dataset ?
Triple Notifications — what triples have been changed within a dataset ?
Each one of these categories is syndicating a different level of detail and may benefit from a different technical approach .
For example there ’s a different volume of information being exchanged if one is simply notifying dataset changes vs every triple .
We ’ll also likely need a different format or syntax .
Actually there may be a fourth category : notifications of graph structural changes to a dataset , e.g. adding or removing named graphs .
I ’ve not yet seen anyone exploring that level of syndication , but suspect it may be very useful .
Now , for each of those different categories , there are two different styles of notifications : push or pull .
Pull mechanisms are typified by feed subscriptions , crawlers , or repeated queries of datasets .
Push mechanisms are usually based on some form of publish - subscribe system .
Given those different scenarios , we can take a look at some existing technologies and categorise them .
I ’ve done just that and published a simple Google spreadsheet with my first stab at this analysis .
( This probably needs a little more context in places but hopefully the classifications are fairly obvious ) .
PubSubHubbub seems to offer the most flexibility in that it mixes a standard Pull based Feed architecture with a Push based subscription system .
Clearly worthy of the attention its getting .
Other technologies offer similar features but are optimised for different purposes .
However that does n’t mean that PubSubhubbub is just perfect out of the box .
For example it ’s worth noting that consumers are n’t required to use the Push aspects of the system , they can just subscribe to the feeds .
So you need to be prepared to scale a PubSubHubbub system just as you would a Pull based Feed .
It may also be sub-optimal for systems which are syndicating out high - volume Triple level updates .
The Feeds can potentially get very large and the hub system needs to be prepared to handle large exchanges .
It also does n’t say anything about how to catch - up or recover from missed updates .
A hybrid approach may be required to cover for all use cases and scenarios and to produce a robust system .
In order to be able to properly compare different approaches we need to understand their respective trade - offs .
I ’m hoping this posting contributes to that discussion and can complement the ongoing community experimentation .
Am interested to hear your thoughts .
Sexual Mistreatment Scandal Catholic Abuse Hotline Overrun Amid New Allegations
A hotline set up by the Catholic Church in Germany to counsel victims of sexual abuse was overrun on its first day , with almost 4,500 calls .
Further allegations have continued to emerge even as Chancellor Angela Merkel says the church is taking " necessary measures . "
he booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
Bonnie Allen / National Post / Bonnie Allen / National Post
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) xx / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) x / x
The booming and controversial used - clothes business in Africa means hockey jerseys can be found sprinkled throughout this war - torn West African nation .
Bizarrely , the authentic hockey jersey has become a status symbol among the poor for its “ premium - grade ” rating and high price tag ( $ 4 CDN ) .
( Bonnie Allen for National Post ) g x / x
These are incredible , one - of - a- kind , and can actually be used .
Many different looks to choose from , this is Diane ’s ( above ) .
Possibly NSFW shot after the jump .
via
[ Not to sound ungrateful , I mean it 's a honorable gesture , and I understand how this tutorial is relevant to deviantart users , ] but AUUUGH I HAVE WAAAY more important tutorials in my gallery that benefit the abilities of artists XD .
How about Perspective & Composition Part 1 or 2 ? [ link ]
FFFFFFFffffffffffffffffffffffff --
I think I need to start adding a " DO NOT DD THIS " tag to some of my quickies like this because it's what seems to get featured lately XD Now I gotta wait another 2 or 3 months for another chance
Thanks for now , anyway .
IN THE MEANTIME please check out these : ORIGINAL : The filetypes listed in this tutorial are intended for ARTISTS looking for the best method to export their work to the web , and beginners who want to know the best formats to use among the MANY that Photoshop supports .
Thus , only a basic [ and very necessary ] 4 or 5 formats are discussed , instead of going over EVERY single type , which would possibly just confuse some readers more .
I wrote this tutorial based on my own observations of using photoshop for 10 + years , and exporting work during this entire time .
I understand not everyone uses these file types , and you may want to be vocal about the format YOU like to use , but you can't deny that these types are worth talking about to a person who knows NOTHING about them .
Better to be informed than not !
I see a lot of people save images as the wrong format , or with bad settings applied to them .
I 'm here to help some of you who may have wondered what file formats you should be using understand which ones you SHOULD be using .
Posted on April 22nd , 2010
The beer belly has long been associated with those who frequently enjoy beer .
Some extra pounds around the waist have always been considered an inevitable consequence of drinking beer on a regular bias .
Despite the persistence of this myth , there ’s no scientific evidence to support it .
Here ’s a look at the myth and three reasons why it just wo n’t go away .
Consuming enough of anything with calories can lead to weight gain .
Beer is certainly no exception to this rule , but the beer belly myth has always suggested that beer can especially lead to weight gain .
The fact of the matter is there is very little evidence to suggest there ’s anything in beer that would make this so .
Several recent scientific studies have shown that regular beer drinkers are no more likely to be overweight than folks who regularly consume any other type of alcohol .
There are several reasons why this myth has stuck around .
For one , many people are under the false assumption that beer is much higher in calories than it really is .
As we ’ve discussed several times , even so called “ heavier ” beers like Guinness are n’t significantly higher in calories than other beverages .
As long as you enjoy beer responsibly and in moderation there ’s no reason why beer would lead to belly fat any more than anything else .
Another factor contributing to this myth is the fact that beer has historically been mostly enjoyed by men .
Although in recent years woman beer drinkers are finally demanding to be heard , for long time beer was generally just a man ’s drink .
Scientific studies suggest that men tend to store excess weight around the belly , while woman tend to keep it on the hips and butt .
This fact has probably led many to believe it was beer giving a man a spare tire , when really it was nature .
Finally , let ’s not forget that after a heavy night of drinking many of us tend to seek out greasy , fatty food before we hit the hay .
These late night meals may be delicious , but they ’re terrible for your body .
Laying down for 8 hours or more does n’t really burn any of those tasty calories you just consumed , so your body converts them to fat for long term energy storage .
Of course , when you order that peporoni pizza at 3:00 am the last thing you ’re probably thinking about is your waist size .
Posted on by steve blank
I usually hear the “ Should I get my MBA ? ” question at least once a month .
If you ’re an entrepreneur , the glib answer is “ no . ”
It ’s also the wrong answer .
Should I Get My MBA ?
Last week I was having coffee with an ex engineering student of mine now on his second startup ( and for a change it was n’t a Web 2.0 startup ) who wanted to chat about career choices .
“ I ’m thinking of going back to school to get my MBA . ”
It was said less as a clear declaration than a question .
It was six years since he had left school and three and a half years ago he had joined an 8 - person startup as a product manager .
The company was now 4 - years old and 70 + people , profitable and growing fast .
I did n’t say anything as he continued , “ I ’m now director of product management , but I think I ’m missing stuff I ought to know ; finance , marketing , and operations management .
We ’re starting to hire senior execs as VP ’s and all the jobs specs have “ MBA ” as a requirement .
What should I do ?’
The easy answer would have been , “ Yes , go back and get an MBA .
You fit the perfect profile ; you have an engineering background , work experience in two startups and you ’ll be limited in your career growth without one . ”
But the answer I gave him was a bit different .
Where Do You Fit ?
In between the coffee and breakfast I drew this diagram :
I explained that as startups grow , they go from the box on the left to the box on the right and the skills people need at each step of a company ’s growth evolve and change .
The skills required when they were an 8 - person startup trying to “ search for the business model ” was n’t the same set of skills needed now that they were a 70 - person company “ executing the business model . ”
I offered that it sounded to me as if his company was going through the transition ( the box in the middle ) where it was starting to put in place the processes needed to build and execute the business model .
Who Are You ?
I suggested that perhaps his first question should n’t be whether he needed an MBA .
Rather the question he should be thinking of was : in which part of a company ’s lifecycle did he think he wanted to spend the rest of his career ?
Did he enjoy the early chaotic stage of the startup ?
Was he fondly telling stories of how much better it was when the company was smaller ?
After the rocketship ride of this successful startup , did he now want to be a founder of his own startup ?
Or was he more comfortable now that there was more structure , repeatability and he was managing a staff ?
Was his goal to be a large company executive managing large groups of people ?
And if a larger company was his destination , did he want to manage complex technology projects or did he see himself in more general management in sales , marketing or finance ?
His vision about the trajectory of his career would answer what type of education he should get – and where he might get it .
MBA or Engineering Management ?
I pointed out that if he wanted to work in a larger company he actually had two choices – go to business school for an MBA degree or go back to a graduate school of engineering for a Engineering Management degree .
( I find a disconcerting number of my MBA students with engineering backgrounds realized too late that they ought to have been in an engineering management program .
They had picked the MBA route because it was trendy or they had n’t thought through that managing engineering projects was what really excited them . )
Why Yes I Am an Entrepreneur
I could see I was having an effect when he blurted out , “ You know my happiest times in these startups were when we were a small team figuring out the business model .
The chaos and camaraderie gave me an adrenalin rush and incredible satisfaction .
While I ’m really good at managing the process , this phase of the company feels like a job .
I ’ve been bouncing some ideas about a company with some fellow employees who feel the same way .
Maybe I do want to do startups as a career . ”
Then he asked me the real hard question .
“ So what type of graduate school do I go to get the skills to be a great entrepreneur ? ”
Entrepreneurial Apprenticeship
I congratulated him .
“ You already have started your apprenticeship .
You have two startups under your belt as one of the first 10 employees .
If you decide that you want to be a founder of a startup you ’ve made a good start . ”
“ But where do I learn all the things a founder needs to know , not just an early employee ?
Team building ?
Creativity and innovation ?
Entrepreneurial finance ?
Agile Development ?
This Lean startup stuff ?
Where ’s the school for that ? ”
I said , “ Welcome to the wondeful world of entreprenurial education .
It ’s everywhere and nowhere . ”
E - School versus B - School
Almost all business schools now have entrepreneurship programs or departments .
( At U.C. Berkeley that ’s exactly the program I teach in . )
But you can also find entrepreneurship programs in most engineering schools .
( At Stanford that ’s the program I teach in as well . )
And startup “ accelerators ” like Y - Combinator , Techstars , etc. also offer a crash course in Darwinian education .
I also pointed out , “ If your passion is starting your own company , learning by doing is an equally viable choice . ”
MBA ? Engineering Management program ?
Startup accelerators ?
Just do it ?
He had more choices than most .
But first …
Who was he ?
And who did he want to be ?
Lessons Learned
Where do you want to work : startups , mid-size or large companies ?
If large companies , what do you want do : engineering management or corporate management ?
If you find yourself debating the “ startup versus large company ” choice you ’ve already chosen the big company .
Entrepreneurship is n’t a career choice it ’s a passion and obsession .
Filed under : Family / Career / Culture , Teaching |
Ending three straight days of solid opposition , Senate Republicans agreed Wednesday to start a full - scale debate on the most far - reaching proposals to toughen regulation of financial institutions since the Great Depression .
The Republicans ’ decision cleared the way for a pitched battle over important details of the Democrats ’ proposed overhaul , which officially began soon after .
It also marked a milestone that substantially increases the odds of approving the sweeping legislation in the weeks ahead .
Tightening the reins on Wall Street and the financial industry is the top legislative priority for President Obama and congressional Democrats as they head toward November ’s mid-term elections .
The House already has approved a version of the overhaul , and Obama has been campaigning vigorously for it .
Obama said he was “ very pleased ” the Senate legislation was moving forward .
“ I want to work with anyone — Republican or Democrat — who wants to pursue these reforms in good faith , ” he said during a visit to Quincy , Ill .
“ What I do n’t want is a deal made that is written by the financial industry lobbyists .
We ’ve had enough of that . ”
Two factors apparently led to breaking the legislative logjam : Republicans ’ growing awareness of deep - seated public anger over Wall Street ’s role in triggering the financial crisis , and a concession by key Democrats to change some controversial provisions .
Sensing that they were not likely to win a more comprehensive compromise , Republicans decided to stop negotiating and accept Democrats ’ promises to address their most - touted criticism that the bill does not do enough to prevent future taxpayer bailouts .
Differences over other aspects of the bill remained so wide that Republicans agreed to take those battles to the full Senate and suspend the delaying tactic that made some of their members increasingly uncomfortable .
“ It is my hope that the majority ’s avowed interest in improving this legislation on the Senate floor is genuine and the partisan gamesmanship is over , ” said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , promising “ many amendments . ”
Democrats had accused Republicans of playing political games in blocking the start of debate on legislation crucial to preventing future financial crises and cheered the decision to move forward .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said he hoped it “ foreshadows more cooperation to come . ”
“ I know Republicans have their own suggestions and amendments for improving this bill .
So do Democrats , ” Reid said .
“ Now that we ’ll be able to begin that process , the American people will finally have the opportunity to watch and weigh those ideas . ”
Republicans relented in the standoff amid new signs of financial turmoil and reminders of old ones .
The financial markets have been reeling as the Greek government ’s teetering finances threaten to destabilize the recovering world economy .
And lawmakers and the public were riveted Tuesday by a hearing featuring executives of Goldman Sachs that highlighted some of the controversial practices on Wall Street that helped trigger the financial crisis .
“ Look at this morning ’s newspapers , ” said Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher J. Dodd ( D - Conn . ) .
“ What more do you need to know about the importance of this issue and what ’s going on in our nation ? ”
The legislation would be the biggest expansion of financial regulations since the Great Depression .
It would create an agency to protect consumers in the financial marketplace , empanel a council of regulators to monitor the economy for signs of major risk , grant the government power to seize and dismantle teetering firms whose failure would pose a danger to the economy , and impose tough , new regulations on complex financial derivatives .
Major financial companies and business groups oppose some key provisions , but there is broad support for much of the legislation .
“ We support 80 % of the bill and we encourage members to address remaining concerns around the 20 % on the floor , ” said Scott Talbott , chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , which represents large banks and other financial firms .
Earlier Wednesday , Senate Republicans remained united in voting for a third straight day against a procedural motion to bring the bill to the full Senate .
They said the move was not a stalling tactic but instead designed to allow more time for bipartisan talks to produce a compromise .
But hours after that vote — which again led to accusations by Democrats that Republicans were doing the bidding of Wall Street in blocking the legislation — the Republicans ’ point person in the negotiations , Sen. Richard C. Shelby ( R - Ala . ) , said the talks had reached an impasse .
He had been negotiating for days with Dodd to reach an agreement .
“ Chairman Dodd has assured me that he will address a number of concerns I have expressed with respect to ending bailouts , ” Shelby said .
“ We have been unable , however , to make any meaningful progress on other important components of the legislation .
It is now my belief that further negotiations will not produce additional results . ”
Shelby and Dodd did not outline the specific concessions , but one is likely to involve revisions to a proposed $ 50 - billion fund , paid in advance by financial institutions , to cover the cost should the government have to seize and dismantle a large financial firm on the brink of bankruptcy .
Shelby said he still had problems with the proposed powers of one of the centerpieces of the bill — the new consumer financial protection agency , which he described as “ a massive new bureaucracy ” that would have “ unchecked authority to regulate whatever it wants , whenever it wants , however it wants . ”
Dodd said he would not agree to Shelby ’s push to “ weaken consumer protections ” in the bill .
But he said it was time for the full Senate to address those and other issues .
The developments came after Republican moderates began showing signs of unease with continuing to block the legislation .
“ If they are not able to work something out , open it up ” and bring the bill to the floor , Sen. George V. Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) said earlier Wednesday .
“ There ’s a consensus among all of us that we want something done . ”
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
janet.hook@latimes.com
Zwiebelfisch Verwirrender Vonitiv
Grammatik ist nicht jedermanns Sache , das Deklinieren schon gar nicht .
Darum wird ein Fall immer beliebter : der Vonitiv .
Der Name sagt Ihnen nichts ?
Sie kennen ihn bestimmt !
Der Vonitiv ist der Tod von dem Genitiv .
