Last Monday , June 7 , PHR released Experiments in Torture : Human Subject Research and Experimentation in the “ Enhanced ” Interrogation Program to immediate , overwhelming response .
Upon release of the report , PHR issued a statement and held a press conference .
In the first 24 hours , PHR received over 467 press mentions .
Major press covering the story on day 1 included the New York Times , Nature , Associated Press , Agence France - Presse , Mother Jones , Huffington Post , Washington Independent , Scientific American and Alternet .
The report was featured on the front page of the Daily Kos and Boing Boing — two of the most heavily trafficked blogs on the internet — as well as on the prestigious legal affairs blog , Balkinization , on the highly influential blog Hullabaloo , and on numerous other notable blogs , including , Firedoglake ( multiple bloggers ) , Religion Dispatches , The American Prospect , On Faith ( Washington Post ) and Political Animal .
News of the report also ran on numerous major network local TV and radio news shows around the country .
[ display_podcast ]
On Tuesday , June 8 , PHR ’s report was the subject of the lead editorial of the New York Times .
Day 2 coverage also included The Nation , New York Observer , LA Times , New Scientist , Inter Press Service and fulsome treatments by bloggers Andrew Sullivan ( at The Atlantic ) and Glenn Greenwald ( at Salon.com ) , who are both widely read and highly influential for new media and mainstream news , alike .
On Wednesday , PHR , along with 9 other groups submitted a formal complaint to the Office of Human Research Protections ( OHRP ) .
We issued a new statement and held another press conference — and attracted a new round of press coverage , with at least 200 press outlets covering the story , including wire stories on AFP and AP and detailed reporting on The Great Beyond blog from Nature.com .
Our OHRP complaint was co-signed by Amnesty International USA , Bill of Rights Defense Committee , Center for Constitutional Rights , Center for Victims of Torture , Human Rights Watch , International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims , National Religious Campaign Against Torture , Network of Concerned Anthropologists and Psychologists for Social Responsibility .
Anyone can file an OHRP complaint , so we ’ve opened ours to the public in cooperation with a number of our partner organizations .
If you have n’t signed on yet , please do .
Also on Wednesday , the office of Senator Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) , who is chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , released a statement to blogger Jeff Kaye : “ the findings of the new report from Physicians for Human Rights will be considered , ” Feinstein said , in the Committee ’s review of the CIA detention and interrogation program .
By the end of the week on Friday , PHR was mentioned nearly 900 times in press source and had over 9000 total downloads of Experiments in Torture .
The report authors have been interviewed numerous times for print , radio and TV .
We ’ve posted a few of their appearances on The Torture Papers .
A number of outside academic experts have spoken supportively on the record about PHR ’s evidence and the allegation of experimentation , including , Olivier Ribbelink , researcher at the Asser Institute in The Hague ; Jonathan D. Moreno , a professor of medical ethics at the University of Pennsylvania ; Paul Root Wolpe , director of the Center for Ethics at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia ; and Nancy Berlinger , a research scholar who studies clinical ethics at The Hastings Center in Garrison , New York .
Many thanks to all who have blogged , reported , tweeted , signed onto the OHRP complaint , sent our links to colleagues and otherwise responded to the pressing nature of our findings in Experiments in Torture .
Stay tuned for more developments .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - BP
Plc started sawing extraneous pipes on Tuesday at the seabed site of its latest attempt to corral oil leaking from a ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico .
Moving past its failed “ top kill ” attempt to plug the leak , BP focused on containment rather than stopping the flow .
“ We ’re not talking about capping the well anymore .
We ’re talking about containing the well , ” Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said at a news conference on Tuesday .
BP is counting on a pair of relief wells being drilled to intercept and plug the leak far beneath the seabed .
But the relief wells , each begun in May , will not be finished until early to mid-August -- forcing the company to keep seeking a stopgap .
This week BP aims to place a containment cap with a grommet seal at the bottom on top of a lower marine riser package , or LMRP , that sits atop a failed blowout preventer at the seabed .
If the cap and seal work as hoped , leaking oil and gas will be channeled through a pipe that connects the cap to a drillship a mile above the seafloor .
In addition , BP is planning to back up the containment cap operation by using seabed equipment installed for the failed top kill to pull oil and gas from the well and channel it to a different vessel at the water ’s surface .
BP expects that system to be ready by mid-June .
The company also is planning a containment system that can be interrupted if a hurricane blows through the Gulf .
The 2010 Atlantic hurricane season began on Tuesday , and forecasters expect it to be active .
That would involve a riser that hangs 300 feet below the water ’s surface , and can connect to a hose attached to the containment cap .
If a storm approaches , the hose can be disconnected so the drillship can move out of the way , BP spokesman Jon Pack said .
The company has consistently said it expects up to a fifth of the leaking oil to escape the cap and seal .
SAW AND SHEAR
Pack said that a diamond saw held by one of several underwater robots at the seabed on Tuesday was removing pipes next to a larger , broken pipe -- called a riser -- from which up to 19,000 barrels ( 800,000 gallons / 3 million liters ) of oil are leaking into the Gulf daily for the sixth consecutive week .
At times , the sawing could be seen on BP ’s live seabed wecbam feed .
The riser bent and broke as Transocean ’s Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded and sank in April , killing 11 workers .
Once the smaller pipes are gone , the robots will use huge shears to slice off the riser .
Then the saw will shave jagged bits to create an even opening for the cap .
Pack said oil and gas would “ very definitely ” spew from the opening during the operation .
U.S. scientists said the move could temporarily increase the flow by 20 percent .
White House adviser Carol Browner called the possibility that the flow will temporarily increase “ deeply , deeply troubling . ”
BP said the cap is expected to be deployed later this week .
The cap is similar in theory to a much larger containment dome that BP tried to place over the end of the broken riser in early May .
Cold seawater filled the dome and mixed with natural gas at high pressure , forming a type of ice that blocked oil from flowing upward .
Pack said the smaller containment cap is designed to keep seawater out and avoid that problem .
Analysts are skeptical of the cap plan .
Given previous failures , “ this new prospect does not give us any real confidence that it will succeed , ” analysts from British firm Arbuthnot Research said in a note to clients .
" I am here to talk about my last few days .
I went through a very tense and difficult weekend and had a very hard decision .
Two weeks ago I felt pain in my knee while I was training wrestling .
I had an MRI of my knee and three doctors told me my knee was torn .
I took medicine to help with the pain , and although my knee felt loose , I said " no , " this date is very important to me and I continued training .
I tried training more upper body and boxing ; I kept losing weight and I was gonna fight no matter what .
Last Friday , during sparring , I injured my rib .
It was very painful and the next day I had an x-ray and an MRI .
I discovered I had three broken ribs .
" After years of fighting , my body made me stop this time .
I am here to tell you that I cannot fight on this card .
I am very sad because I trained for four months .
This is a very difficult time for me .
Now , I know that I need to have surgery on my knee .
I have no option ... I am going to work hard to return .
I know my God is with me and He is going to bless me one more time .
I am praying a lot and I know that God is going to bless the surgeon .
I am going to be 100 % and will fight many more years . "
... This is a very , very , very hard moment for me .
This is my livelihood , my job and I already put in a lot of time and effort into this fight .
This was a fight I really , really desired ...
You can not imagine how much I wanted to fight on this card .
I am not the kind of fighter who fights just for the money and I will prove to you now - I could have entered the Octagon , received one punch , and said " that 's it , I have broken ribs . "
But I fight to give you a big show .
When I fight I always give 100 % and I fight to show everybody real MMA and to help the sport grow and to excite my fans .
" I apologize to all my fans .
I ask for your prayers for a successful surgery and healthy body .
I will be back in shape to fight again and to give you more excitement .
A big hug for all of you and be with God . "
Here we are again with more stats on the porn industry .
And not just any stats but ones with pictures .
One difference between these fun and decidedly sexy ( like 15 new STD cases are reported every week by pornstars ) facts on porn and the 14 Fantastic Facts is that these ones state their sources .
Not that it really makes a difference .
If the rate of 15 new , weekly STD cases from pornstar sounds like a lot , it really is n’t when you look at the numbers .
Adult Industry Medical Health Care Foundation ( AIM ) tests porn actors for STD’s .
The industry requires that all performers have an AIM test card on set that shows negative results .
It also must be no older than 30 days .
Aim tests about 2 000 people each month and only 2.8 percent test positive for an STD .
According to the CDC , 22 percent of people aged 15 - 24 ( non pornstars ) will get an STD each year .
Back to all of the fun facts .
[ Editor ’s note : Mr. Graf ’s cash flow analysis of wind power projects is presented as another view of the inappropriateness of planned public policy in the electricity sector .
The economics of wind power is a broad topic ; previous posts at MasterResource are listed at the end of this post .
For general problems of industrial wind , see here . ]
There are many arguments to be made against government subsidization of industrial wind power , some objective and others subjective .
We hear about noise , shadow flicker , disruption of wildlife , lack of consistent energy output ( intermittency ) , questionable performance with respect to pollution reduction , and undesirable aesthetic appearance .
It occurs to me , however , with regard to subsidies for energy ventures and technology , three things must be kept in mind :
(1 ) any good investment must be made in worthwhile ventures that can show a reasonable return ; ( 2 ) arbitrarily subsidizing some ventures may cause inadvertent ( or advertent ) exclusion of others ; and ( 3 ) jobs cannot be created by subsidizing ventures that do not provide a viable return .
We must keep our eye on the economic ball , and structure our primary arguments against government subsidies for wind power generation around the primary deficiencies of wind turbine technology : performance and return on investment ( ROI ) .
It is obvious that any good investment must be made in worthwhile ventures that can show a reasonable return ; and I believe it is fairly apparent that placement of wind turbine power generation technology in my home state of Ohio , vast areas of the eastern or mid-western United States , and indeed in most places in the continental United States , is not worthwhile .
Given the average annual wind speed limitations in most areas , and the relative inefficiency of wind turbines to transform wind into useful electrical power , the wind turbine technology we are subsidizing cannot produce enough electricity to be competitive with other more viable forms of generation , even when a generous allowance for future inflation of electricity costs is considered .
The investment is being wasted ; with no hope of a reasonable return , and without large subsidies from government entities to offset the investment losses and artificial increases in the cost of electricity , a viable business case for implementation of wind turbine power generation cannot be made .
To illustrate the economic shortcomings , I can point to specific high profile wind development projects I have analyzed in the past several months , including the Great Lakes Wind Energy Pilot Project in Ohio , the Highland Wind Farm expansion in Pennsylvania , and the Glacier Hills Wind Farm in Wisconsin .
The pertinent pieces of information required for the analyses are the power curves for the specific wind turbines , information regarding annual wind speed at the approximate elevations at the sites , and estimates of uptime and operation and maintenance ( O&M ) costs .
This information seems simple enough , but is often difficult to gather because reports are often incomplete and conflicting with regard to economic details ( begging the question , “ Why ? ” ) .
Also , to apply a value to the electricity produced , I have characteristically used an approximation of the average wholesale price of electricity , which has been around $ 50 / MWh for 2009 - 2010 , and has been fairly consistent on an annual weighted average basis throughout the continental United States .
It may be noted that the wholesale price of electricity varies widely on a daily basis depending on supply and demand , and also that certain forms of production are inherently more costly .
For example , Open Cycle Gas Turbine ( OCGT ) production is specifically designed to be fast reacting to peaks in demand and electricity generated in this manner can be sold for greater than $ 100 / MWh when in demand .
It makes sense to me , however , to use the average everyday wholesale price when analyzing the business case for a production system that is being touted as able to produce average everyday energy needs and to displace conventional average everyday production sources .
It would not make sense to evaluate wind turbines based on a cost comparison to a fast reacting OCGT system which is designed to be responsive to peaks in demand ; wind turbines could never serve in this capacity .
Once the basic simple information is obtained , the analyses for these projects are fairly straight forward , and the details are presented in the attached charts and figures in the Technical Appendix .
In all three cases , it is quite apparent that the wind turbines cannot produce enough electricity to return the investment and pay the annual operating and maintenance costs .
Considerations Not Included
Other points that should be made to further the arguments are [ not included are the costs of required additional transmission facilities ] :
These economic analyses do not account for the cost that will be incurred to maintain and operate a traditional back - up system for generating power when the wind is not blowing adequately , and for the added cost and inefficiency of cycling this back - up system on and off to balance the supply load against the variability of the wind generated power .
These analyses are presented for a 20 year period , although it is becoming evident that the useful life of many wind turbines is more like 10 to 15 years ( see here and here ) .
This can be contrasted to conventional power generation facilities which will remain productive for 40 to 60 years .
Any supposed reductions in dependency on conventional power generation , and any reductions in associated levels of pollution , attributed to use of wind power generation are highly suspect ; because of the need to maintain and operate the back - up systems in an inefficient manner ( see here and here ) .
The lowest wind conditions and the lowest power output will occur in the summer , when the electricity demand is highest .
Given the considerations above and the available theoretical power densities at the sites , the turbines will only convert a small fraction of the theoretically available energy passing by their blades .
Assuming that as yet unknown and quite miraculous technology improvements implemented in the future are somehow able to double the turbine efficiencies , wondrously without increasing investment or O&M costs ; these projects still do not present a truly acceptable business case or ROI .
Despite their supposed presentation as power sources for average everyday power needs , the wind turbine projects are often granted special Power Purchasing Agreements ( PPAs ) which allow prices for their electricity that are many times higher than average wholesale price .
It is disconcerting that a large portion of the feasibility studies and the on - going discussion are often devoted to proposals to make the projects appear viable with public spending and it is evident that , to make these projects work , massive government subsidies and large increases in the cost paid for electricity will be required to offset the investment losses and attract investors .
Cape Wind Project
As another example of poor economic performance , the largest loser I have reviewed to - date is the massive Cape Wind Project in Massachusetts .
The pertinent information regarding the specific wind turbines to be employed is difficult to come by ( again the question , “ Why ? ” ) and my analysis is not as detailed ; however , from published information the Cape Wind Project is supposed to produce three - quarters of the 230 MW power demand of the Cape and islands , which means a real average output of 172.5 MW , or about 41 % of the rated 420 MW capacity .
Applying a generous assumption of 85 % uptime means the turbines will operate 7446 hours per year ; giving us 172.5 MW x 7446 hours = 1284 GWh / year .
This estimate is actually more - or - less confirmed , within about 11 % , on the Cape Wind website itself ; which currently offers an updating display indicating that about 11,588,000 MWh of energy could have been produced since wind monitoring commenced .
This seems like an impressive number until you divide it by the 8 + years of monitoring , and you get 1449 GWh / year .
Considering the annual average wholesale value of electricity in Massachusetts is also about $ 50 / MWh per the DOE EIA , the annual energy generated by Cape Wind will be worth about $ 70 million per year ; and subtracting annual operating and maintenance costs may leave about $ 50 million per year of this revenue .
Again , this sounds impressive , until it is compared to the $ 2 billion that the project is expected to cost .
Even if a generous inflation rate is applied to the cost of electricity , the cash flow will not even come close to a return of this investment in the life of the wind turbines ; unless someone deliberately raises the cost we pay for electricity .
Unfortunately , this is already happening because a New England based utility company , National Grid , has already agreed to pay $ 207 / MWh ( 4 times the current wholesale price ) beginning in 2013 for half the power produced by Cape Wind .
National Grid is doing this to comply with a state law forcing them to purchase a certain amount of power from “ renewable energy ” sources , and the deal is considered critical to attract investors .
Exclusion of Other Ventures
Other than the harm to the national economy of the waste itself , the real problem with expending resources subsidizing non-viable wind turbine projects is that this inadvertently ( or advertently ) diverts resources from other efforts to improve our energy production strategy .
Because of recent events , we are hearing quite a few emotional comments regarding the need to reduce U.S. dependence on oil ; and the recent tragic spill in the Gulf of Mexico is being used to justify investment in wind energy projects .
However , it is reasonable to point out that oil is used to generate about 1 % of the total electricity used in the USA , and one can effectively say that oil has nothing to do with the generation of electricity .
Unfortunately , by increasing the cost of electricity , it is likely that we will make it more difficult to transition away from oil given that this fossil fuel is used for home heating and gasoline powered automobiles .
Also , in the rush to promote wind generation , development and improvement of other more viable means of energy generation are being ignored .
Instead of diverting resources to prop up wind projects we could be improving natural gas , nuclear , and coal generation .
We could also be improving the distribution system ( grid ) to reduce losses and improve reliability .
Further , by subsidizing and offsetting the current deficiencies of wind generation , we take away the incentive to make the necessary improvements that might make it viable in some cases in the future .
Job Creation : The Green Myth
Tying back to point ( 3 ) regarding job creation and going beyond the specific arguments regarding the performance of the wind turbines themselves , I will point out that proponents for subsidized implementation of wind turbine power generation believe that this activity will create “ green jobs . ”
I contend , however , that creation of jobs by subsidizing ventures that do not provide a viable return cannot work , and job creation cannot be a justifiable end unto itself .
This is simply an extension of the points I have made in the preceding paragraphs , and I will use an old tried - and - true analogy to make my point .
If we wanted to simply create jobs , we could employ people to dig holes in the ground for no particular reason , and then employ other people to fill those holes in .
By purchasing large earthmoving equipment , we could dig really big holes really fast , and stimulate employment at the manufacturing companies that make the earthmoving equipment and their steel and component suppliers .
Now , if we dig holes in both Ohio and Wisconsin , we could transport the dirt from Ohio to fill in the holes in Wisconsin , and conversely transport the dirt from Wisconsin to fill in the holes in Ohio .
This would stimulate employment in the transportation industry for truck drivers and for truck manufacturers .
The wear and tear on the roadways would also stimulate the need for road maintenance workers and all their equipment .
The analogy is facetious and I apologize for digressing into the absurd ; however , I believe it illustrates my point that making jobs by subsidizing non-viable ventures cannot be an effective strategy .
Back to Economics
Keeping in mind the three principles that good investments must be made in viable worthwhile technologies , that we will be risking detrimental effects on ventures that are not being subsidized , and that job creation cannot be an end unto itself ; it seems we need to coordinate the arguments against subsidies for wind power generation about the economic analysis .
These are the easiest arguments to understand , and I believe these arguments will hit home for the majority of people .
Other more in - depth technical analysis and subjective arguments will always be valuable and must be developed and presented as well ; however , by keeping our eye on the economic ball , and clearly educating the investors and the public about the primary economic and performance deficiencies of wind power generation , we may be able to succeed in correcting the course of public opinion on this issue .
The basic economic analysis of the aforementioned Great Lakes Wind Energy Pilot Project in Ohio , Highland Wind Farm expansion in Pennsylvania , and Glacier Hills Wind Farm in Wisconsin are provided in detail in the next section .
As previously indicated , with revenues based on realistic wholesale electricity costs , the cash flow analyses demonstrate that these projects will not break even within the projected 20 year period .
— ——
Jerry Graf has held engineering positions in industry for the last 27 years .
The holder of Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Akron , Mr. Graf is a founding member of the Mechanical Engineering Advisory Council at the University , and currently serves as the Council ’s Vice - Chairman .
His current interest is studying the technical aspects of wind power .
Technical Appendix : Details of the Economic Analysis
Follow this link to see Cash Flow Analyses
— — — — — ———-
The following are links to other MasterResource essays on economic issues :
Windpower : Response to a Comment ( on 4 cent / kWh wind and interfuel subsidies )
Heritage Foundation Windpower Study : Response to Center for American Progress
Rare Earth and Lithium Supplies Cloud Renewables
U.S. Wind Industry : Turbine Construction Wo n’t be Domestic
Federal and New York Officials Reward Spain ’s Iberdrola at the Expense of the U.S. Taxpayers , Job Seekers , and Electric Customers
Today ’s teenagers are increasingly likely to use the rhythm method to prevent pregnancy and to have relaxed attitudes about unwed motherhood , according to a new government sex survey .
The results , released Wednesday by the National Center for Health Statistics , found that 17 % of 15 - to 19 - year - olds used periodic abstinence , or the calendar rhythm method , as a form of contraception in the period from 2006 to 2008 .
In 2002 , 11 % of teens used that method .
FOR THE RECORD :
Teen sex :
An article in Thursday ’s Section A about a national teenage sex survey said that 17 % of teens , sexually active or not , used periodic abstinence , or the calendar rhythm method , as a form of contraception in 2006 to 2008 , as did 11 % in 2002 .
Those figures referred only to sexually active teens in the survey . —
“ That was pretty much a surprise , ” said Joyce Abma , lead author of the study and a demographer with the center .
“ The rhythm method is associated with a pretty high failure rate — on average , 25 % of women will become pregnant during the first year of using that method .
It ’s not a welcome development , especially in combination with the fact that overall , contraceptive use has n’t changed significantly from the last survey . ”
The poll of 2,767 teens , which was part of the National Survey of Family Growth , also found that more teens than in years past said they agreed or strongly agreed with the statement : “ It is OK for an unmarried female to have a child . ”
Among male teens in the current survey , 64 % agreed or strongly agreed , while in 2002 50 % did .
Among female teens that number was 71 % , not significantly different from 2002 .
In other significant differences from previous surveys , among male teens who had not yet had sex , 12 % said the reason was that they did n’t want to get a girl pregnant .
In 2002 , 25 % of male teens who had not yet had sex cited that reason .
However , condom use among male teens is up — 81 % of never - married males in the current survey said they used them at first intercourse , compared with 71 % in 2002 .
Considering that teen birth rates have recently begun to increase after declining for several years , sex - oriented messages aimed at teens may need to be refocused , Abma said .
“ In addition to making the means to avoid pregnancy available , ” she said , “ we may need to go one step back and emphasize the motivations to avoid pregnancy , such as providing programs that give teens goals that are not compatible with early parenthood . ”
jeannine.stein@latimes.com
269 SHARES Facebook Twitter
U.S. banks are being shut down by federal regulators at a staggering pace this year , and yet most Americans seem completely oblivious to it .
In fact , federal officials have already shut down 81 U.S. banks this year , which is about double the number that were shut down at this time last year .
So why are n’t more people upset about this ?
Well , part of the reason is because the FDIC is doing it very , very quietly .
The bank closings for each week are announced every Friday , which means that they pass through the news cycle over the weekend almost unnoticed .
For example , banks in Nebraska , Mississippi and Illinois with total deposits of almost $ 2.3 billion were shut down by federal regulators on Friday .
So did you hear about it before now ?
If not , why not ?
Should n’t the fact that we are experiencing a banking system collapse be headline news ?
But most Americans are more than happy to remain blissfully ignorant of what is going on .
In fact , most Americans seem far more interested in what is happening on American Idol or Dancing With The Stars .
But when the American Dream starts dying for tens of millions of Americans as the economy collapses perhaps more people will start to care .
So just how bad is the banking system crisis ?
Well , FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair says that 775 banks ( approximately ten percent of all banks in the United States ) are now on the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ’s list of “ problem ” banks .
So should we be alarmed by that ?
Well , there were only 252 U.S. banks on the FDIC ’s problem list at the end of 2008 .
There were 702 U.S. banks on the FDIC ’s problem list at the end of 2009 .
Now there are 775 .
Do you know if your bank is on the verge of failing ?
You might want to check .
But even if all of our banks fail the FDIC has plenty of money to cover our federally - insured banking accounts , do n’t they ?
Unfortunately , they do not .
The FDIC is backing nearly 8,000 U.S. banks that have a total of $ 13 trillion in assets with a deposit insurance fund that is pretty close to flat broke .
It was recently reported that the FDIC ’s deposit insurance fund now has negative 20.7 billion dollars in it , which actually represents a slight improvement from the end of 2009 .
But the bank failures on Friday drained another $ 313.6 million from the FDIC ’s deposit - insurance fund .
And the way things are trending , the banking crisis could get a whole lot worse ?
Why ?
Well , Americans are simply not doing a very good job of paying their bills .
During the first quarter of 2010 , the total number of loans at U.S. banks that were at least three months past due increased for the 16th consecutive quarter .
16 quarters in a row .
Just let that sink in .
If that is not a trend , then what is ?
Oh , but the U.S. government will never let the entire banking system fail , right ?
Well , they wo n’t let the “ too big to fail ” banks go under , we have seen that .
But the small and mid size banks ?
They fall into the “ not big enough to bail out ” category .
And where in the world is the U.S. government going to get more money to bail anyone out ?
The reality is that the U.S. government is now over 13 trillion dollars in debt .
To give you an idea of just how horrific that is , if you started spending a million dollars a day on the day that Christ was born , you still would not have spent a trillion dollars by now .
That is how big a trillion is .
But for this year alone it is being projected that the U.S. government will have a budget deficit of approximately 1.6 trillion dollars .
So , yes , pretty much wherever you turn we are facing a financial nightmare .
What should we do about all this ?
Feel free to leave a comment with your thoughts ….
Join !
Do your duty !
See new worlds !
Serve the empire !
Do n’t you just love imperial propaganda , especially when it looks like this ?
These fictional Star Wars recruitment posters come from the fertile mind of Feng Zhu , an illustrator who has worked on the designs of Star Wars Episode III , Revenge of the Sith , for Lucasfilm .
[ Via theswedishbed ]
Unlike other salespeople , Chambers puts his clients behind bars -- often for life .
Like the top salesman that he is , he crisscrosses the country , dazzling prospects with a Mercedes - Benz , Corvette or Lexus , and luring buyers with high - stakes deals .
Chambers , 42 , grew up in University City .
He carries no badge ; he 's a free - lance snitch , a confidential informant who sells his services to the government .
When he sells enough drugs , or helps convict a major drug dealer , the government pays him money .
A lot of money .
One case alone recently got him more than $ 200,000 .
Chambers is so good , he 's believed to be the highest - paid informant in the 27 - year history of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
His career total with the anti-drug agency is at least $ 1.6 million -- much of it paid in cash .
During 16 risky years as a government informant -- an unheard of tenure in the cagey undercover business -- Chambers also worked for the FBI , U.S. Customs Service , U.S. postal inspectors , Internal Revenue Service , Secret Service and state and local police .
By one estimate , his pay from all sources may total as much as $ 4 million .
Chambers is one of an elite corps of professional informants the government counts on to infiltrate drug operations that even undercover police find too dangerous to penetrate .
The Post - Dispatch investigated Chambers for four months .
The result is a behind - the - scenes look at how the government relies on informants - for - hire in the " war on drugs . "
Chambers is a legend within DEA .
One senior agent who has worked more than a dozen undercover cases with Chambers says his information has always been right .
He 's " one in a million , " the agent says .
Chambers has worked hundreds of drug cases , and , with rare exception , any suspect he targeted is behind bars .
How many ?
The government wo n't tell .
Chambers boasts that his career has lasted so long because he gets great results .
" I 've dealt with slum bums , and I 've dealt with some of the richest people around , " he said recently , in a rare interview .
He adds that only the guilty need fear him .
" If you 're not a drug dealer , " he says , " I ca n't do nothing to you . "
That 's an apparent reference to complaints that government drug stings entice people to break the law .
But the controversy surrounding Chambers centers less on his actions in the street than in the courtroom , after he dons a suit and tie to testify .
He 's a proven liar , as two federal appellate courts have ruled about Chambers ' repeated denials of the arrests and convictions in his background .
Testifying for the government in drug trials , he swore again and again that he had a clean record -- making his testimony seem more credible in the eyes of jurors .
Last month in California , judges on a third appellate court said they were gravely concerned that government agents would continue to employ Chambers , knowing his history of lying .
Today , Chambers is getting knocked from both sides of the courtroom .
In St. Louis , at least three prosecutors at the U.S. Attorney 's Office have refused to put Chambers on the witness stand because they distrust him .
He 's a " flimflam " man , one assistant U.S. attorney here says .
Prosecutors do n't want to talk about Chambers .
They fear that if his credibility is destroyed in court , the drug dealers he put behind bars will get their cases reopened and the prison gates could swing open for hundreds of them .
Chambers has more legal problems :
While DEA was paying him to be an informant , Chambers failed for six years to pay the IRS the income taxes he owed on the same money .
He 's been convicted of impersonating a DEA agent and soliciting a prostitute .
He 's been arrested , but not convicted , for assault , forgery and felony theft .
The DEA intervened at least twice to get him out of legal trouble .
One defense attorney says Chambers still is a wanted man in St. Louis County , with an outstanding fugitive arrest warrant from a decade ago .
Chambers even testified against the same government agency that has been paying him for years .
He was a witness for a DEA supervisor charged in Los Angeles with illegally diverting informant funds .
With Chambers ' help , the supervisor won .
The DEA lost -- but continues to employ Chambers .
One veteran U.S. prosecutor says he 's never met another undercover informant as good as Chambers .
He 's considered so street smart , he lectures police on what to look for in drug searches .
" He could sell the socks off a rooster , " says the prosecutor .
While admiring that sales ability , the same prosecutor refused to use Chambers , citing his long history of lying .
The prosecutor said he could not understand why other prosecutors are continuing to use Chambers .
But they are .
Chambers may be only a small cog in the government 's war on drugs .
But the government considers him -- and other professional informants like him -- crucial players in that war .
The exact number of professional informants is a closely - guarded secret .
One DEA supervisor with more than 20 years of field experience put the number in the hundreds , for DEA and other federal law enforcement agencies .
Because informants can infiltrate drug operations more easily than police , the government depends heavily upon Chambers and others .
Their testimony can make , or break , a drug case .
How do DEA officials respond to criticisms of Chambers ?
They defend and protect him .
DEA agents who worked with Chambers maintain he is motivated by a passion to get drug dealers off the streets -- and not by money .
The perjury allegations are merely the desperate smears of defense attorneys ; prosecutors who bother to check out the allegations side with Chambers , the agents insist .
The pro-Chambers camp at the DEA remains strong .
For 17 months , the drug agency and Justice Department lawyers fought a federal public defender in California who is trying to examine the contents of DEA 's background check on Chambers and his government payroll records .
The paper trail created by the government became an issue when federal prosecutors blamed the DEA for keeping from them information that damages Chambers ' credibility .
Last month , the DEA finally agreed to give Chambers ' records to the public defender .
He hopes to use them to free a client from a life sentence -- and help scores of others who Chambers put behind bars .
The DEA 's chief spokesman in Washington , Terry Parham , says Chambers ' informant work has paid off .
" If we did n't feel that way , " Parham says , " we obviously would n't have paid the kind of money we have . "
Parham adds that if Chambers has done anything wrong , " he stands on his own .
. . .
If he deserves to go to jail for whatever he 's done , we 'll be the first to put him in jail and throw away the key . "
As the fight over his lies unfolds in courtrooms across the country , the DEA continues to use Chambers .
Last month , four defendants in Tampa , Fla. , pleaded guilty to drug charges in a case that relied on Chambers as the informant .
DEA 's reliance on Chambers leaves his critics shaking their heads , convinced that the nation 's anti-drug agency is addicted to its top - performing informant .
H. Dean Steward , a federal public defender in California , has spent three years investigating Chambers : " He 's the golden boy of the DEA . "
Chambers plans
a " peek-a-boo "
Gregory Collins first saw Andrew Chambers on a rainy day in June 1990 while pumping gas into his GMC pickup at a convenience store outside of Belleville .
Chambers drove a blue Corvette convertible onto the lot .
Nothing about the driver of the sleek sports car made Collins suspicious , so he did n't hesitate when the stranger in the blue sweatshirt asked : " Hey , man , I 'm from California , where do ya go to party around here ? "
Collins replied : " I tell you what you do -- you go over to St. Louis .
If you want I could show you . "
" Call me ' Boomer , ' " said the driver of the Corvette , who soon asked Collins for his home address .
Within a week , " Boomer " began hanging around Collins ' house and job in East St. Louis .
Once , the pair drove to St. Louis in the Corvette so Collins could show " Boomer " the party spots , including Forest Park .
During those rides , the two talked -- sometimes about drugs .
" Boomer " made it clear he was a big - time drug dealer from Los Angeles .
What " Boomer " hid from Collins were a tape recorder capturing their conversations , and the DEA agents who were trailing the Corvette .
Over the next several weeks , Collins came to trust his new friend .
When " Boomer " offered to sell him a large quantity of cocaine , Collins agreed .
In mid-July , " Boomer " called Collins : " The ice cream is ready for the birthday party . "
Collins knew that meant the deal was ready to go down .
But first , the two agreed to go to St. Louis Downtown - Parks Airport in Cahokia for a " peek - a - boo " -- a dealer 's term for inspecting the dope before purchase .
That never happened .
When Collins spotted undercover agents , he turned around and drove home , where he found a police helicopter and dozens of federal and state agents waiting to arrest him .
The next time Collins saw " Boomer " was in federal court in East St. Louis .
By then he knew " Boomer " was really Andrew Chambers , a career government informant .
Collins ' trial took 13 months .
The jury found him guilty of conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine .
Collins , who admits to previous drug dealing , appealed and lost .
He is serving a life term without parole at the Greenville , Ill. , federal prison .
Even early in Chambers ' 16 - year career , he stood out among the thousands of confidential informants the government uses each year .
Most are amateurs , bowing out after a brief , undistinguished stint .
Chambers elevated the deception to professional status .
He performed with the confidence and credibility of a star in a long - running Broadway show .
And he is a natural , down to his costume -- baggy pants , baseball cap backward , brand - name tennis shoes and gold chains -- the uniform of the street drug dealer as well as many urban youths .
Chambers knew how to speak street language peppered with profanity and slang .
No one had to teach him that a " bird " meant a kilo of cocaine .
He can fly into town and make a deal in the time it takes to drive from the airport to his hotel .
Sometimes the DEA picks his targets ; sometimes he picks his own .
Chambers demonstrated tremendous versatility .
He is equally comfortable cutting into a brick of cocaine in a hotel room near Beverly Hills , Calif. , negotiating prices in a restaurant booth in Overland , Mo. , or counting money on the bathroom floor of a suspect 's house in St. Cloud , Minn .
Chambers also manages to keep straight his various aliases : " St. Louis , " " Rico , " " Mike , " " Drew " and " Derrick . "
The last is his younger brother 's name .
Even as a novice informant , he was unflustered .
In November 1985 , about 18 months after he went to work for DEA , Chambers posed in California as a buyer for people from St. Louis seeking large quantities of cocaine and phencyclidine , PCP .
Two unsuspecting drug dealers agreed to sell him narcotics for $ 100,000 .
Chambers and one dealer flew back to St. Louis .
Three other men left California for St. Louis carrying the concealed drugs in a van .
They did n't get quite that far .
Chambers tipped off DEA agents who alerted police .
They stopped the van on Interstate 44 about 50 miles southwest of St. Louis .
After the arrests , Chambers returned to California to arrange a second PCP shipment to St. Louis .
This time , he and a courier would fly , hiding the liquid PCP in a red , five - gallon container in the courier 's checked luggage .
DEA agents were waiting when Chambers and the courier landed at Lambert Field .
Agents also were there when the main suspect arrived on a later flight carrying in his pocket the keys to the courier 's burgundy suitcase .
Despite his work on hundreds of cases , Chambers remains a mystery -- on and off stage .
Like the legendary phantom of the Paris Opera House , Chambers can slip into a scene , make a dramatic impression and suddenly disappear only to reappear in a different scene .
Chambers has the same elusive reputation in his personal life .
Neighbors recall a dark van pulling up to the brick ranch in Creve Coeur where he lived with his wife and teen - age daughters in the early 1990s .
Men wearing dark blue vests with " DEA " lettered on the back waited in the driveway until Chambers got in the van .
Then they drove away .
Chambers returned months later , only to leave again in the middle of the night .
While Chambers played phony roles , he faced real dangers .
In 1986 , the DEA moved him to Los Angeles from St. Louis for his safety .
Over the years , they moved him again and again for his protection .
Chambers became more cautious .
In February 1996 , he finessed a bust on a hotel parking lot in Atlanta rather than go into a hotel room .
Chambers worried that the suspect , who claimed to have a .38 - caliber pistol , would live up to his violent reputation .
In fact , the man bolted from police after being handcuffed .
As the DEA made more drug busts , dealers began taking fewer risks .
Jittery buyers demanded Chambers lift up his shirt so they could see if he was wearing a " body wire . "
Chambers ' relationship with the DEA grew , expanding across the country and to the Bahamas .
That 's where he spotted Tyrone Tanks walking across a hotel lobby in June 1991 .
With a glance , Chambers decided Tanks dressed like a drug dealer .
Seconds later , Chambers asked Tanks about his tennis shoes , and rapidly turned the conversation to drugs .
Tanks claimed to be a large - scale cocaine trafficker from Cincinnati looking for new sources in the Bahamas .
While Tanks went home , Chambers stayed in the Bahamas .
Several days later , he called Tanks to arrange the buy of 20 kilograms , an amount calculated to ensure a long prison sentence .
A DEA agent recorded the conversation .
Tanks went to prison , Chambers went back to the Bahamas .
This time , his undercover work netted the government $ 10 million in drugs , money and forfeited assets .
That job earned Chambers one of his biggest rewards : nearly $ 200,000 .
DEA rescues Chambers
Andrew Chambers finds drug dealers for a living .
But he does n't like to be found .
For weeks , he teased reporters with hints he'd meet to answer questions .
He never did .
Over the phone , he was vague about his whereabouts , suggesting he was out of the country , in Colombia , working for the government .
After several such phone conversations , reporters nearly caught up with him in St. Louis County .
A black Mercedes - Benz sports utility vehicle he was test - driving led to a luxury auto dealership in Creve Coeur .
When Chambers learned that reporters were on his tail , he assured an executive at the dealership that he'd have his bosses call the reporters ' bosses .
Chambers said the reporters would be called off their story , once they understood he was a DEA agent .
That was n't the first time Chambers tried to pass as a DEA agent .
In September 1995 , he was in Denver working several drug cases .
He was arrested inside Room 17 of the Lazy C Motel for offering $ 20 to a woman he assumed was a prostitute .
She turned out to be an undercover police officer .
The police report says Chambers tried to run from officers , and when caught , claimed he was a DEA agent .
The officers later discovered he was just an informant .
Chambers was charged with soliciting a prostitute and impersonating a police officer .
Court records show he pleaded guilty and paid a $ 475 fine .
In two earlier criminal cases , the DEA rescued Chambers .
In March 1985 , Chambers was charged in Paducah , Ky. , with felony forgery .
Home Federal Savings filed a complaint that he had used a false name on an auto loan application and defaulted , owing $ 12,297 .
Also that month , Chambers was charged in Paducah with issuing a false financial statement .
Michaelson Jewelers accused him of using a phony name to buy jewelry , and failing to pay a $ 1,555 bill .
Chambers later admitted in DEA drug case testimony that he had signed his brother 's name on the financial documents .
He said he lied about his identity because he had feared for his safety .
At the DEA 's request , a judge dismissed the Paducah charges .
A letter to the judge signed by DEA Special Agent Roy T. Shurn explained that Chambers had been assisting the DEA for a year .
Shurn wrote that he and a federal prosecutor would accompany Chambers to Paducah to quash the charges .
Chambers has had other brushes with the law .
In January 1989 , he was charged in University City Municipal Court with assault after he allegedly shoved a girlfriend against a wall , ripped out her telephone when she tried to call police and destroyed the phone .
The record is unclear , but an arrest warrant may still be outstanding .
Two other municipal disturbing - the - peace allegations involving a girlfriend were dismissed .
Years after his legal troubles , Chambers continued to testify for the government that he had never been arrested or convicted .
A clean record makes an informant more credible in front of jurors .
DEA agents who have worked with Chambers maintain that he probably did n't understand what attorneys were asking him .
" The only criticism ( of Chambers ) I 've ever heard is what defense attorneys will characterize as perjury or a lie on the stand , " said Michele Leonhart , special agent in charge of DEA 's Los Angeles office .
She first worked with Chambers in St. Louis in 1986 and has continued to work with him on dozens of undercover cases .
Once prosecutors check him out , Leonhart said , they 'll agree with his admirers in DEA .
She said agents who have worked with Chambers find him " very reliable , very credible , an outstanding testifier . "
Defense attorneys tell juries that someone who lies about one thing will lie about anything .
Says Bruce Simon of Kansas City , who represents defendants in major criminal cases nationwide : " There is no such thing as a harmless lie in a criminal case . "
Simon said a relationship like DEA 's with Chambers is just a dangerous way for authorities to cut corners .
" Most agencies would drop this guy .
But he 's a very useful rat . "
" The guy is dirty , " Simon added .
Meanwhile , prosecutors and defense attorneys are n't the only ones calling Chambers a liar .
In 1995 , the 8th U.S. Court of Appeals in St. Louis added its voice , in an appeal by a man the government described as Minnesota 's cocaine king .
Chambers was the informant and again testified that he had never been arrested or convicted .
" The record , however , clearly demonstrates that Chambers did in fact perjure himself . . . " Judge Theodore McMillian wrote in the court 's opinion .
Despite the lie and the government 's " haphazard approach " to uncovering the truth , the judge said the jury would have found the defendant guilty anyway .
In California , a 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals ruling in 1993 reached the same conclusion about Chambers .
Those appellate court rulings alarmed Assistant U.S. Attorney Dean Hoag in St. Louis .
Hoag said not all of the defense attorneys ' allegations about Chambers were true .
Even so , Hoag said he had been forced to drop charges against one defendant because Chambers was an admitted liar .
Hoag had more concerns :
He was jolted when he learned that Chambers had pleaded guilty to a charge of soliciting a prostitute in Denver in 1995 .
A jury would not like that , Hoag feared .
Then there was this problem :
There did n't seem to be any government controls on Chambers .
And finally , Hoag was alarmed to find out that many federal prosecutors across the country knew nothing about Chambers ' growing reputation as a liar .
When Hoag sent out an inquiry in 1998 , some prosecutors replied that Chambers was a great witness ; others responded , " Be careful . "
" He 's a flimflam man , " Hoag concluded .
" He 's a hustler ; he comes into town , comes onto the girls .
They think he 's a dope dealer because he drives around in a Mercedes , with no job . "
Hoag told DEA agents in St. Louis he wo n't use Chambers in any case .
Assistant U.S. attorneys Tom Mehan and Jim Dellworth , among others in St. Louis , have taken similar actions .
Prosecutors faced another problem with Chambers ' credibility .
In November 1989 , Chambers was testifying for the government in Minneapolis .
Under cross-examination , he was forced to admit that he had not paid taxes on $ 100,000 that DEA had paid him during six years .
Following his disclosure , the IRS mailed tax bills to Chambers in care of DEA 's office in Clayton .
As of December 1994 , IRS records at the St. Louis County Recorder of Deeds office say Chambers still owed $ 64,000 .
No updated records could be found .
In another trial , Chambers testified that between 1984 and 1995 , the DEA had paid him more than $ 1.6 million .
While the DEA wo n't confirm by name any informant 's pay , the agency says that through 1999 , its highest - paid informant earned more than $ 1.6 million .
DEA regulations limit informants to a career total of $ 200,000 , but those regulations can be waived .
The DEA says its second - highest paid informant has received about $ 500,000 .
In 1995 , a federal judge in Colorado dismissed charges against 10 defendants after criticizing the government 's contingency fee arrangement with Chambers .
The judge questioned the policy of paying an informant based upon the amount of drugs he sets up and the amount of property the defendants forfeit .
Back in St. Louis , reports of Chambers ' seven - digit government pay stunned Hoag : " It 's inconceivable that we 've paid him the amounts we have . "
From school boy in University City to DEA 's " golden boy "
Andrew Chambers did n't start out to make big bucks as a government snitch .
He just wanted to fight drugs any way he could .
In 1984 , Chambers was in his late 20s when he showed up at the DEA 's office in Clayton .
He wanted to know about the requirements to become a special agent .
The job requires a four - year college degree .
Chambers was a high school dropout who had worked odd jobs and done a three - year stint as a Marine .
The DEA offered him an alternative :
He could come to work as an undercover informant in the war on drugs .
The job suited Chambers .
Unlike many informants , Chambers was n't a drug user -- or dealer -- trying to trade information for less time behind bars .
He told DEA agents that he was disgusted by drug traffickers and wanted to clean up the streets .
The DEA put him to work right away .
At first , Chambers worked in eastern Missouri and southern Illinois , commuting from the home in University City where he had grown up with his parents and four younger siblings .
His anti-drug stand was not surprising for a youngster who had gone to Catholic school from kindergarten to 10th grade .
Chambers attended St. Rita 's School in Vinita Park , where a classmate 's parent remembered him as a considerate boy : " If Andrew had cologne on , he wanted to know if that offended you .
He 'd ask , ' Is it too strong ? ' "
Andrew Chambers Jr. was born April 18 , 1957 , in Jackson , Miss. , the first child of Andrew Chambers and Mattie Mae McCuller Chambers .
The family briefly moved to New York City and by the early 1960s had settled into a brick home on a cul - de-sac in northern University City , with the shrine of a saint on the front lawn .
When Chambers was 15 , his father , a truck driver , died .
Mattie Mae Chambers , 41 , was left to rear five children .
To feed her family , she cooked in private homes in Ladue .
To nourish their souls , she centered the family 's spiritual life around St. Rita Church .
All the children attended the parish school .
One son , William , served as an altar boy .
Mattie Mae Chambers made meals for the nuns and picnic lunches for the children .
In return , the church discreetly helped her pay utility bills or buy tires .
In 1972 , Chambers enrolled at Mercy High School in University City .
By 1974 , he dropped out .
One brother was killed in a craps game .
Another family member was described as having a drug problem .
A friend , now in prison , remembers Chambers as a lanky teen who hung out with young hoodlums who carried loaded guns , ripped off leather coats from a downtown department store and stole cars before the boys were old enough to get a drivers license .
" We were young and stupid , " said the friend .
" Most of us are behind bars now -- or dead . "
Eventually , Chambers and his friend landed in juvenile detention before enlisting in the Marines for three years .
After Chambers finished his tour of duty at Camp Pendleton near San Diego , he later testified that he worked as a dock hand , a private security guard transporting workers across union picket lines and a machinist at McDonnell Douglas Co .
Chambers has testified that before joining the DEA , he briefly studied criminal justice at Iowa Western Community College .
A spokeswoman for the college said the school has no record of Chambers attending .
During his career as an undercover informant , estimates of Chambers ' pay range from $ 2 million to as high as $ 4 million .
He periodically returned to St. Louis , usually showing off his newest luxury car .
What few friends realized was , that despite Chambers ' successful appearance , he could n't always pay his bills .
Court records in St. Louis County show that in 1988 , his landlord sued him for four months back rent ; in 1995 , a bank foreclosed on his four - bedroom , brick ranch home in Creve Coeur .
About the same time , his black Mercedes - Benz was repossessed ; a hospital in Chesterfield sued him for failure to pay a $ 17,000 bill ; and in 1998 , he was evicted from a $ 1,240 - a - month townhouse in West County for not paying his rent .
By last fall , Chambers had applied for a $ 1,000 personal loan from a bank in Illinois at 19 percent interest .
At about the same time , he was test - driving a $ 35,000 - plus Mercedes - Benz sports utility vehicle he told the car dealer he was considering buying .
" One in a million "
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen Wolfe was having a rough day .
He was trying to explain to a panel of judges on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Pasadena , Calif. , why the government had failed to tell the defense in a murder - for - hire case about Chambers ' arrests and convictions .
Once again , as he had been hundreds of times before , Chambers was the paid informant .
Once again , the government had depended upon his information , this time to convince a judge to issue an order for a wiretap .
Wolfe never told the trial judge about Chambers ' background because , the prosecutor said , he had n't known about it .
Addressing the appellate judges on Dec. 6 , Wolfe sounded more like a defense attorney than a prosecutor .
He began , . . .
" What 's not at issue is that the failure to disclose Chambers ' background was a shameful dereliction of government duty .
. . . "
Appellate Judge Alex Kozinski asked whether the wiretap would have been issued , " if the CI ( confidential informant ) is made out to be a total liar , as he has , and as you say he should have been . "
Wolfe said it was clear that the drug agents never put any damaging reports into Chambers ' file -- even though DEA regulations require it .
Kozinski : " So maybe we should just vacate the conviction here , just to give them a sense to do better the next time . "
Wolfe : " . . .
I 'm not here to defend for a moment the past carelessness and recklessness and probably deliberate failure to put the bad news about Andrew Chambers into the informant file .
. . .
" . . .
I 'm not defending him .
He 's undefendable . "
The judges asked how such abuses could be prevented in the future .
Could they depend upon the head of the Justice Department 's criminal division ?
Wolfe : " No , I do n't imagine . . . . "
Maybe the deputy attorney general then ?
Wolfe : " I do n't imagine that even she is . "
Well , then , what about the attorney general herself ?
Wolfe : " I do n't imagine that Attorney General ( Janet ) Reno is capable of guaranteeing no repetition .
. . . "
Soon after the hearing , lawyers at Justice agreed , belatedly , to open up all the damaging information the government has collected about Chambers .
Is it time to stop using Chambers ?
" That would be a sad day for DEA , " said Leonhart , the head of DEA 's Los Angeles office .
" And a sad day for anybody in the law enforcement world .
. . .
He 's one in a million .
" In my career , I 'll probably never come across another Andrew . "
Andrew Chambers has spent 16 years as one of America 's most potent weapons in the " war on drugs . "
He makes big - time deals that lead to life - long prison sentences for his targets .
Chambers wanted to become a special agent for the Drug Enforcement Administration but he did n't qualify , so instead he became an undercover snitch for hire .
But he lies on the witness stand .
Defense lawyers know it .
Some prosecutors admit it .
Judges acknowledge the perjury .
Yet DEA continues to use him , and he has become the highest - paid informant in the history of the agency , earning at least $ 1.6 million .
The Post - Dispatch investigated Chambers , and his story provides a rare peek behind the curtain : how the federal government relies on an elite corps of career informants to fight its war on drugs .
The findings may leave taxpayers wondering just how many mercenaries like Chambers are out there right now .
Published : January 16 , 2000
© 2000 St. Louis Post - Dispatch
Cannabis News DEA
Articles :
http://www.cannabisnews.com/news/list/DEA.shtml
FIVE record companies went into court yesterday to try and force a broadband provider to stop users illegally downloading their music .
EMI Records ( Ireland ) Ltd , Sony Music Entertainment Ireland Ltd , Universal Music Ireland Ltd , Warner Music Ireland Ltd and WEA International Incorporated are seeking orders requiring cable firm UPC to block or disable access to websites where music can be illegally downloaded .
The companies say UPC 's failure to do so infringes their copyright and breaches Irish and European law .
Opening the case at the Commercial Court yesterday , Michael McDowell , senior counsel for the companies , said they did not accept UPC 's claims it was a " mere conduit " , which could do nothing to prevent illegal downloading .
Mr McDowell said UPC had written to the companies asking them to discontinue the legal action pending the issue of illegal downloading being addressed by legislation but there was no indication if or when legislation would be enacted or even that there was a consensus in the Dail about any form of legislation .
Similar proceedings were brought previously by the companies against Eircom , which settled on terms including the companies providing Eircom with the IP ( internet protocol ) addresses of all persons detected as illegally file - sharing copyrighted works .
Eircom also agreed to operate a " three strikes and you 're out " policy against subscribers who ignored warnings to cease infringements .
Under that system , subscribers get three warnings they have been found sharing music owned by members of the Irish Recorded Music Association ( IRMA ) .
If they are caught a fourth time , their broadband connection will be cut off for a year .
The music firms are also in talks with Vodafone and Eircom subsidiary Meteor Ireland aimed at securing their agreement to a similar system .
In an affidavit , Willie Kavanagh , chairman of IRMA , said it had asked UPC and another service provider , BT Communications , in February 2009 to agree to implement the same measures but both declined .
BT had since been taken over by Vodafone .
Infringements
UPC said the companies ' proposals were unacceptable because they did not take into account the rights and interests of subscribers or of UPC itself .
It also denies that copyright law applies in the manner alleged by the companies .
The record companies had experts carry out a " 48 - hour scan " which found some 37,500 copyright infringements on UPC per month , Mr Kavanagh said .
The record companies have also initiated proceedings against O2 and 3 Ireland aimed at securing their agreement to implement a similar system to that agreed with Eircom .
UPC is the country 's third biggest broadband provider with 15 pc of the market and 148,000 subscribers .
The hearing continues next week .
Irish Independent
THIBODAUX , La . —A man who told police that God told him to walk the streets naked to save his soul has been arrested .
Thibodaux police responded to an obscenity complaint around 2 a.m. Thursday and found Shafiq Mohamed walking nude down the street .
When approached , Mohamed reportedly told officers that " America raped him " and added God told him to walk the streets naked to save his soul .
Mohamed was taken into custody and charged with obscenity .
He was booked into the Lafourche Parish Detention Center where he awaited bail .
It was not immediately known whether Mohamed has an attorney .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Doug Mataconis · · 6 comments
Yesterday , the South Carolina Democratic Party rejected a bid to overturn the results of Alvin Greene ’s victory in the Senate primary :
The South Carolina Democratic Party ’s Executive Committee Thursday rejected a protest of the June 8 primary for U.S. Senate , in which Alvin Greene defeated Vic Rawl .
The decision came down about 8:20 p.m .
The final vote was 38 1 / 2 to reject the protest , 7 1 / 2 in favor of it .
The committee felt there was not sufficient evidence to overturn the results , a move which , had it been approved , would have required a new primary .
Rawl had filed a challenge with the committtee earlier in the week to get his case heard before the board .
Rawl ’s supporters believed that something was wrong with the results from Greene ’s win , where he captured 60 percent of the vote .
Thursday , the committee heard testimony and asked questions for almost three hours about the race .
Rawl himself did not speak , but his representatives brought forward experts in voting machines and voters who said they saw irregularities .
(…)
During the hearing , a USC professor , Walter Ludwig , said his analysis noticed discrepancies with vote totals .
“ There is one county , Lancaster County , where the disparity between absentee ballots , optical scan ballots , and the election day ballots was 43 percent , ” Ludwig said .
“ This is not a small county .
This is a fairly big sample size . ”
One voter testified that when she tried to vote for governor , a gray screen came up which said that she had voted for Greene for Senate .
Another said that when she hit the button to vote for Rawl , it would n’t light up on multiple machines .
Greene has maintained that his win was not a fluke , and that he is the best candidate in the race .
He also says that he alone came up with the filing fee from money he had put aside from the Army .
In an interview with MSNBC , Pelosi said congressional Democrats feel justified in blaming the Bush administration because of the problems it left behind for President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE .
Asked if there was a statute of limitations on blaming Bush , Pelosi said : " Well , it runs out when the problems go away .
" He brought us to the brink of financial crisis , he brought us to the brink of deep recession , ignoring issues related to climate change , " said Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) , who rattled off a number of problems she said Democrats inherited from Bush and are trying to fix .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans have criticized Democrats for playing the Bush blame game , a successful political strategy for the latter party in the 2006 and 2008 elections .
The GOP argues it is time for Obama , in office for nearly 18 months , to take responsibility for some of the country 's problems , from the Gulf oil spill to the huge budget deficit .
Democrats have been in charge of Congress for nearly three and a half years .
Pelosi's criticism of Bush is routine .
In press releases , her office often mentions efforts Democrats have taken to help the economy recover from a recession that began during Bush 's presidency , her statements emphasize .
Pelosi and Democrats more recently have pinned blame for the BP oil spill on lapses at the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) , the regulatory agency in charge of preventing accidents .
Democrats argue the Bush administration let MMS be overtaken by people with ties to the oil industry .
The Speaker 's strong remarks come as the former Republican president has begun to re-emerge in the public spotlight , defending his policies in the war on terror , promoting his work on earthquake relief in Haiti and establishing his library and foundation .
Pelosi pinned some of the opposition she 's facing on a " continuation " of Bush - area policies by way of congressional Republicans , a group that has repeatedly emphasized that it would seek to break with some of its past ways if it returns to power this fall .
" It 's a continuation of the Bush policies in the Congress , " she said , pointing to the GOP 's opposition to healthcare reform , financial regulatory reform and energy and climate legislation .
" But they have their roots , and the problems were caused in the Bush administration . "
Electronic Circuits Design of electronics projects and hobby kits is dedicated to all electronic enthusiasts .
This electronics projects website aims to help ease your work , offering various circuit projects including circuit diagrams , materials , articles , tutorials and ideas for design digital and analog circuits projects .
Almost every electronic enthusiast ( even those for which electronic is just a hobby ) is forced to use certain programs like those of : circuit design software , printed circuit board design , circuit simulation software .
All materials presented on this website are for educational purposes , so we are not liable for any damage caused by this website ( Liability for damages is of you ) , if you do not agree with those mentioned above please leave this page .
If you have an interesting electronic circuit designed or if you want to propose some electronic circuits or software or even if you want to make some suggestions , do n't hesitate to contact us ( using mail form ) .
Both the Max Planck Institute for Radioastronomy ( Bonn ) and the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics ( Garching ) run stations of the International LOFAR telescope ( ILT ) , coordinated by ASTRON , the Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy .
By connecting the German LOFAR stations with the central stations in the Netherlands , an international group of scientists led by Olaf Wucknitz from the Argelander Institute of Astronomy ( AIfA ) at Bonn University has now produced the first high - resolution image of a distant quasar at meter radio wavelengths .
This wavelength range has not been accessible to such detailed observations before , as the telescopes have to be spaced far apart .
The first image showing fine details of the quasar 3C 196 observed at wavelengths between 4 and 10 m was achieved by using just a small fraction of the final LOFAR array that will cover large parts of Europe .
After first tests of the individual antennas , the observations now bring together eight stations of the " LOw Frequency ARray " ( LOFAR ) , Five stations in the Netherlands were connected with three stations in Germany : Effelsberg near Bonn , Tautenburg near Jena and Unterweilenbach near Munich .
All antennas were targeted at the quasar 3C 196 , a strong radio source at a distance of several billions of light years .
" We chose this object for the first tests , because we know its structure very well from observations at shorter wavelengths " , explains Olaf Wucknitz ( AIfA ) .
" The goal was not to find something new but to see the same or similar structures also at very long wavelengths to confirm that the new instrument really works .
Without the German stations , we only saw a fuzzy blob , no sub-structure .
Once we included the long baselines , all the details showed up . "
Observations at wavelengths covered by LOFAR are not new .
In fact , the pioneers of radio astronomy started their work in the same range .
However , they were only able to produce very rough maps of the sky and to measure just the positions and intensities of objects .
" We are now returning to this long neglected wavelength range " , says Michael Garrett , general director of ASTRON ( The Netherlands ) , the research institute in charge of the international LOFAR project .
" But this time we are able to see much fainter objects and , even more important , to image very fine details .
This offers entirely new opportunities for astrophysical research . "
" The high resolution and sensitivity of LOFAR mean that we are really entering uncharted territory , and the analysis of the data was correspondingly intricate " , adds Olaf Wucknitz .
" We had to develop completely new techniques .
Nevertheless , producing the images went surprisingly smoothly in the end .
The quality of the data is stunning . "
The next step for Wucknitz is to use LOFAR to study so - called gravitational lenses , where the light from distant objects is distorted by large mass concentrations .
High resolution is required to see the interesting structures of these objects .
This research would be impossible without the international stations .
The resolution of an array of radio telescopes , i.e. the size of the smallest structures that it can resolve and distinguish , depends directly on the separation between the telescopes .
The larger these baselines are relative to the observed wavelength , the better the achieved resolution .
Currently the German stations provide the first long baselines of the array and improve the resolution by a factor of ten over just using the Dutch stations .
" We want to use LOFAR to search for signals from very early epochs of the Universe " , says Benedetta Ciardi from the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics ( MPA ) in Garching .
" Having a completely theoretical background myself , I never had thought that I would get excited over a radio image , but this result is really fascinating . "
Further improvement should come very soon with observations at slightly shorter wavelengths , which will increase the resolution by another factor of four .
In addition , the imaging quality will improve significantly with more stations coming online soon .
The image of quasar 3C 196 therefore is just the first but very important step .
" The image quality of the final array depends crucially on the uniformity with which large areas are covered with stations " , says Anton Zensus , director at the Max Planck Institute for Radioastronomy ( MPIfR ) and in charge of the VLBI research group at the institute .
" The German stations are already an indispensable contribution to the international array .
What we are still lacking , however , is a station in northern Germany to close the gap between our stations and the ones of our Dutch friends .
This would increase the image quality a lot . "
We continually invest in our network and upgrade the backbone and at the node level based on anticipated traffic levels , something we plan 12 - 18 months in advance .
We have 28,000 neighborhood nodes nationwide and , consistent with the NCTA report , 98 - 99 percent of those are performing well with adequate capacity even with the tremendous level of increased peak usage .
We are actively working to improve the 1 - 2 percent of areas where customers may be seeing some performance impact as quickly as possible , through a number of techniques such as increasing network capacity remotely and upgrading facilities via construction .
In some rare cases , we are temporarily moving customers to a new tier of service with either the same or greater download speeds than they receive presently .
The upload speed is 10 Mbps which is plenty of speed for the great majority of customers to continue their regular activity and have a positive experience .
Episode 8 : The Language News Report
Welcome to ALTA ’s Beyond Words Podcast .
Our podcasts provide listeners with the latest language news , language - related interviews , and language lessons that can be applied to real - world situations .
They ’re always brief , always informative , and always entertaining .
During the Language News Report , you ’ll hear summaries of last week ’s top language - related stories .
You can listen to the podcast on our website or download it for later playback on any standard MP3 compatible device .
We hope you enjoy listening !
Listen to Episode 8 : The Language News Report
Subscribe on iTunes
[ audio : https://wp-uploads.altalang.com/audio/Beyond-Words-Podcast-Episode-08.mp3]
You can subscribe to the Beyond Words Podcast on iTunes .
Every time we release a new episode , your iTunes library will automatically upload it .
Just follow the link — SUBSCRIBE .
Download
To download Episode 8 for playback on any MP3 compatible device , simply right click and “ save link as ” or “ save target as ” — DOWNLOAD .
Articles in this week ’s Language News Report
Estonia Raises Its Pencils to Erase Russian
Asian languages losing their allure
Confident Teachers Help Preschoolers More With Language and Literacy Skills
Regular Bedtimes Linked to Better Language , Reading and Math Skills in Preschool Children
Britain ’s new romance language is English
N.J. Supreme Court to consider if police must give DWI instructions in native language
Resolution naming English official language of Homer Township rejected in 3 - 1 vote
DARE to Be Finished — Maybe Next Year
The Dictionary of American Regional English ( DARE ) Official Website
Other noteworthy language - related articles
Hispanics in the US : A new generation
Britain declaring war on ‘ Americanisms ’
50 Fancy Words
Germany ’s Sorbian minority risks losing their language
Reclaiming Native Language Title Rights
American Indian languages get ‘ Breath of Life ’
Do we need an Academy of English ?
The experts argue for and against
If you ’re interested in receiving a daily dose of language - related articles and media from around the web , you can follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
____________________________________________________________________________________________
ALTA has provided language training to government agencies and corporations for 30 years .
To learn more about our programs , please visit Online Language Training .
All music and sound effects were provided by The Freesound Project .
Thank you to the following people for use of their field recordings and samples :
Genghis Attenborough and Djgriffin
Next time you are diving into your storage unit late at night , you might want to tell someone you are there so you do n't end up trapped in your unit for 2 months like this Alabama woman .
Wanda Hudson , 44 , was trapped in her unit for 63 days after a manager noticed that it was unlocked and partially open after hours and locked it .
Hudson , who survived for two months on juice and canned foods , successfully sued the Alabama storage facility and was awarded $ 100,000 , less than the $ 10 million she was seeking .
Hudson was vague about why she was in the storage unit so late on November 7 , and denied she heard the metal door close .
Parkway 's attorney , Burt Taylor , suggested she was sleeping and , furthermore , that she had been living in the unit .
She denied Taylor 's supposition .
Hudson had lost her home because of foreclosure shortly before this incident took place .
The company argued that during those two months that Hudson claims to have been locked in the unit , customers renting nearby units never heard her trying to get help .
Hudson claimed that she did yell out multiple times when she heard other renters , but no one ever responded .
When she was discovered on January 9 , 2002 , she weighed 85 pounds , having weighed 150 when she entered it .
She was admitted to a local hospital immediately and treated for " advanced starvation , unusual to find in medical circumstances in America today , " said Dr. William Asher , who studied her case at the hospital .
Moral of the story : take your cell phone into a storage unit , let the managers know you are there and do n’t go to sleep inside of it .
Here are some security tips to make sure you do n't get locked in to your storage unit .
World 's Largest Kidney Exchange Gives 14 People New Chance at Life Donors , recipients and doctors meet today , after 28 surgeries .
June 15 , 2010  --
In the nation 's capital , a circle of strangers is now connected for life .
Beginning last month , 14 donors gave their kidneys to 14 people who desperately needed them in the largest kidney exchange in history .
Watch " World News " tonight on your ABC station for Lisa Stark 's report .
Between on May 26 , doctors performed a highly coordinated medical dance , conducting 28 surgeries over nine days in four different Washington , D.C. area hospitals .
Today , the donors and recipients all met for the first time in a room full of hugs , tears and gratitude .
Young Woman 's Death Gives Life to Many
One face that was missing from the crowd was the woman who started the chain , Jennifer Whitford , a 24 - year - old Florida woman who died last month in an accident .
Her mother , Denise Milliken , chose to donate her daughter 's organs , and she was there today to meet the woman who received her kidney , Brenda Wolfe , 44 , of Mt. Airy , Maryland .
" It gives me comfort to know that Jennifer helped someone who really needed it , " Milliken said .
Wolfe 's grateful husband continued the chain , giving a kidney to Gary Johnson , 63 , whose wife then donated ... and on and on .
Click here to view a chart detailing all of the surgeries .
" The logistics are quite daunting , " said Dr. Keith Melancon , director of kidney and pancreas transplantation at Georgetown University Hospital .
" It is quite difficult to get all the pieces to fit together like a puzzle . "
Minority Communty Struggles to Find Donors
A majority of the people involved in the exchange are African - American , which is particularly important because many minorities struggle to find kidney donors .
Of people waiting for a kidney , 61 percent are non-white , according to the Department of Health and Human Services .
Minorities have a higher " likelihood of building up these antibodies " that make transplantation difficult , Melancon said .
" These large exchanges will allow more and more of those patients , the most difficult to transplant patients , to be transplanted . "
Kidney Exchange Brings 28 Lives Together
Transplant chains are built as individuals agree to donate to a stranger so their loved one can be paired up with a compatible donor .
The kidneys have given 14 very sick people a new chance at life .
" I was struggling before .
Now I 'm not struggling -- I 'm actually living , " Johnson said .
" Nothing can compare to that . "
The exchange brought together people from all over the country , stretching from California to Maine , and two of the living donors , Barbara Norton of Rockville , Maryland .
and Jeffrey Wood of Westbrook , Maine , did so for totally altruistic reasons .
They did not have a relative or friend in the chain but simply wanted to help .
" It 's easy to be disillusioned in the world today , " said Jeffrey Tucker , who received Wood 's non-directed kidney .
" It 's nice to know there are still decent people left in the world who think about everybody , not just themselves . "
" This exchange in particular shows the benefits of not only living donations , but also deceased donations .
We need more of both , " said Melancon .
" If you have loved ones or friends or would like to donate a kidney , it 's life - saving .
So more people need to do this . "
Washington - Area Hospitals Perform Other Exchanges
It 's not the first time that the Washington hospitals have pulled off an ambitious kidney exchange .
Doctors at Georgetown University Hospital and the Washington Hospital Center performed a 13 - person exchange just last December and a seven - person exchange in the summer of 2009 .
" I do n't know if we 've reached the limit , but I 'm guessing that 10 to 20 is about as much as you can do at any given time , " said Dr. Jimmy Light , the director of the hospital 's transplant services .
" I 'm just privileged to be able to do these things , " he said .
" I can't think of any other thing where I can make such a difference in people 's lives and feel so good about it .
Click here to return to the World News page .
ABC 's Conor Finnegan contributed to this report .
What do you do when Apple ships a new device two days early to one of your friends ?
If you 're iFixit , you persuade them to let you strip it down into pieces and parts .
i Fixit 's in - depth teardown does n't hold many big surprises after an early prototype leaked to the Web , but it did reveal several fascinating details .
The two screws at the bottom of the device release the back panel of the iPhone 4 ; on previous models , these released the front display assembly .
The bad news is that this makes replacing the display a little more challenging , and the display and touch panel are all glued to the front glass , so it 's a total module replacement if the glass does break .
The good news is that it 's very easy to get to the " huge " Li-ion battery inside .
It 's also not soldered to the logic board , so it 's relatively easy to replace despite an " Authorized Service Provider Only " warning .
i Fixit describes Apple 's engineering of the wireless antennas into the stainless steel frame and bezel of the phone as a " work of genius . "
The antenna design should improve reception , especially for those on the edges of coverage areas .
Furthermore , Apple has reportedly fine - tuned how the iPhone chooses an open channel .
It will " utilize whichever network band is less congested or has the least interference for the best signal quality , regardless of the actual signal strength . "
According to iFixit , it should improve reliability on AT&T 's network .
Behold , the Lilliputian logic board of the iPhone 4 .
We already know that the iPhone 4 is powered by the Apple A4 processor , just like the iPad , and iFixit confirms that it has 512MB of RAM compared to the iPad 's 256MB .
As we noted previously , this should improve performance for multitasking , caching webpages , and running apps with high - resolution graphics .
i Fixit contends that the A4 processor is running at 1GHz , like the iPad , though some early benchmarks suggest that it might actually be running slower — more like 800MHz .
The benchmarks are n't conclusive , though ; until there is a reliable benchmark that can run on all three devices , the jury is still out on this one .
i Fixit also identified the major suppliers for the chips on the iPhone 4 logic board , including : Skyworks cell radios , Broadcom WLAN and GPS , STMicro accelerometer and gyroscope ( iFixit says Apple is the first to have access to STMicro 's gyroscope chip ) , a TRiQuint GSM chip , Samsung flash memory , Apple - branded Cirrus Logic audio codec , TI touchscreen controller , and Numonyx RAM .
Many of these parts are similar to those used in the iPad or previous iPhones , so no major surprises here .
One last intriguing detail is that Apple is using an aluminum - based ceramic glass for the front cover ( and believed to be used for the back cover as well ) .
Identified as Corning Gorilla Glass , it is considered ideal for touchscreen devices because of its strength , light weight , and resistance to scratching or damage .
i Fixit notes that the material is supposedly 20 times stiffer and 30 times stronger than polycarbonates ( material data sheet ) .
Listing image by iFixit
RELATED :
AP contributed to this article .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Iran would be willing to send its Revolutionary Guard members to accompany further aid ships to Gaza , Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday in an interview cited by Reuters .
"
The naval wing of the Revolutionary Guard is ready to assist the peace flotilla to Gaza with all its effort and capabilities , " Khamenei 's Revolutionary Guard spokesman Ali Shirazi stated .
"
If the Supreme Leader issues an order for this then the Revolutionary Guard naval forces will do their best to secure the ships , " Shirazi said .
" It is Iran 's duty to defend the innocent people of Gaza .
" Last week , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad termed the IDF raid on the Gaza - bound Mavi Marmara as " barbaric " and called for dismantling of “ the Zionist regime .
” Ahmadinejad was speaking to a crowd of tens of thousands , many of them chanting anti-Israeli slogans , gathered at the shrine of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini for a ceremony marking the 21st anniversary of his death .
CeCILL and Free Software
Today Free Software is important in the scientific community as well as in administrations and in the entreprise .
Nevertheless , the use of licenses created in the US , such as the GNU General Public License raises some legal issues .
These issues may lead to uncertainties that may prevent some companies and organisations to contribute Free Software .
To provide a better legal safety while keeping the spirit of these licenses , three French public research organisations , CEA , CNRS and Inria launched a projet to write Free Software licenses conforming to French law .
CEA , CNRS and Inria released CeCILL in july 2004 .
CeCILL is the first license defining the principles of use and dissemination of Free Software in conformance with French law , following the principles of the GNU GPL .
This license is meant to be used by companies , research institutions and all organisations willing to release software under a GPL - like license while ensuring a standard level of legal safety .
CeCILL is also perfectly suited to international projects .
After CeCILL , CEA , CNRS and Inria released CeCILL - B and CeCILL -C , two licenses that offer other models for developpers to control the reuse of their software .
They provide the same level of legal safety as CeCILL does .
Authorizing the reuse of components under CeCILL - B or CeCILL - C in a software that can be distributed under any license , they thus encourage a wider diffusion of these components .
CeCILL - B follows the principle of the popular BSD license and its variants ( Apache , X11 or W3C among others ) .
In exchange for strong citation obligations ( in all software incorporating a program covered by CeCILL - B and also through a Web site ) , the author authorizes the reuse of its software without any other constraints .
CeCILL -C is well suited to libraries and more generally software components .
Anyone distributing an application which includes components under the CeCILL - C license must mention this fact and make any changes to the source code of these components available to the community under CECILL - C while being free to choose the licence of its application .
CeCILL , CeCILL - B and CeCILL-C are the first coherent family of Free Software licenses .
The three licenses share most of their text and their compatibilitiy is explicitely ensured .
This family has been designed as a new tool , legally efficient and original , covering many needs , for developpers of Free Software as well as companies and organizations wishing to use them with better legal safety .
What 's new
CeCILL version 2.1 is out !
This version incorporates minor changes that were the results of discussions within the process of the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) .
As a consequence we are happy to announce that version 2.1 of CeCILL is officially recognized by OSI as an Open Source license .
Compatibility has also been improved ( with the GNU Affero GPL and the EUPL ) .
Image caption Carell was recently seen with Tina Fey in film comedy Date Night
Actor Steve Carell has confirmed he will leave the US version of The Office at the end of its 2010 - 2011 season .
" Yes , it will be my last , " he told Us magazine at the Los Angeles premiere of his new animated film Despicable Me .
" It 's the last on my contract , and I want to honour my contract , " the 47 - year - old is quoted as saying .
Carell plays egotistical office manager Michael Scott in the US sitcom , based on the BBC original created by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant .
The NBC network has yet to comment on his departure but is reportedly considering whether to continue the show without him .
Carell has starred in The Office since NBC launched its version of the " mockumentary " comedy series in 2005 .
He won a Golden Globe for his work in the show in 2006 and was nominated for an Emmy four years running , losing on one occasion to Gervais .
Carell said he expected to be " very nostalgic " towards the end of his tenure , saying his colleagues were " some of my best friends in the world . "
" But it will be good , " continued the star of Evan Almighty and recent release Date Night .
" It will be good for everybody . "
A Jewish human rights group has condemned the “ hysteria ” surrounding comments about Israel made by the MP for Vancouver East .
In a video interview posted on - line , New Democrat Deputy Leader Libby Davies stated her belief that Israel has been occupying Palestinian lands since its independence in 1948 .
The remarks , made earlier this month , have been denounced by the Conservatives , Liberals , and officials in her own party .
Liberal foreign affairs critic Bob Rae has said “ the logical implication of these comments is that Israel has no right to exist ” .
But Larry Haiven , a spokesperson for Independent Jewish Voices — Canada , said he was shocked by the NDP ’s reaction against Davies , who has apologized and clarified her position .
“ They should back off , ” Haiven told the Straight today ( June 16 ) by phone from Quebec City .
“ Unless we start to deal sanely with historical facts , without being accused of being anti-Israel , then neither the NDP nor anyone else will be able to deal intelligently with reaching peace between the Israelis and Palestinians , ” he said .
“ I mean , this hysteria has got to stop . ”
Haiven ’s group argues the controversy around the comment that occupation began in 1948 is unfounded .
Hundreds of thousands of Palestinians were displaced that year in what is known as the “ Nakba ” , which occurred during the Israeli War of Independence , according to the group .
“ Why is everybody making such a big fuss about it ? ” Haiven said , referring to Davies ’ comments .
“ This would possibly not happen in any other country except Canada , maybe the United States , because it ’s generally acknowledged that Israel took over Palestinian lands in 1948 that were n’t theirs according to the UN partition agreement .
It ’s just not controversial at all . ”
Haiven said the comments , which appear in a YouTube video recorded during an anti-Israel rally in Vancouver , do not imply the Middle East state has no right to exist .
Last week , Davies issued a statement that describes her comments as “ a serious and completely inadvertent error ” .
“ I reject the allegation that I hate Israel , and I reject the assertion that I said that Israel is illegitimate or an abomination .
Neither are true , ” Davies stated .
To protect your privacy , mark your events " Not Attending " .
Update ( 06:00 PDT ) :
So far , some people have reported that their events are exposed , and some have reported that they are n't .
I do n't have an explanation .
I 've sent a note to Facebook asking them not to expose events this way .
Update ( 13:00 PDT ) : theharmonyguy commented that event lists were already exposed in the old API , as he reported in December .
Note :
This post is based on my observations as an individual Facebook user , curious to know what is revealed about me through the new API .
I wrote this article to help others protect their privacy , and I am also in touch with Facebook 's team , who is working to fix this .
Although I work for Google , this blog represents my personal views and not Google's .
Thanks to everyone for your interest .
Update ( 23:00 PDT ) : The Facebook API is no longer revealing event lists for the users mentioned in this article , or any other users I 've tried .
Thanks to the Facebook folks for improving their stuff !
Update ( May 12 ) : Please see the new FAQ about the Facebook API Browser .
Yesterday , I discovered something strange while playing with Facebook 's new Graph API : the API was showing a list of my events , and it seemed that anyone could get this list .
Today , I spent a while checking to make sure I was n't crazy .
I did n't opt in for this .
I even tried setting all my Privacy Settings for maximum privacy .
But Facebook is still exposing the list of events I 've attended , and maybe your events too .
What can your event list say about you ?
Quite a bit .
It might reveal your home address , your friends ' home addresses , the names and groups of people you associate with , your hobbies , or your political or religious activities , for example .
Here 's what the Facebook API publishes about Mark Zuckerberg 's events :
As of last Wednesday ( Thursday ? ) , anyone on the Internet can now get this information .
Using a freshly created account with no connection to you , anyone can make requests to the new Graph API and get a list of events , with dates , descriptions , and locations .
Based on my experimentation , it looks like this list contains any event that ( a ) has a privacy setting of " Open " and ( b ) you have marked as " Attending " or " Maybe Attending " .
The content of the event itself is also available , including any comments posted on the event and the names of other people who are invited or attending .
( For the housewarming party today that Mark said he was " Maybe Attending " , the API provides the address of the party and the names of about 110 people who were invited . )
Does this affect you ?
Here 's how you can try this out for yourself , to see which of your events are revealed :
Go to http://zesty.ca/facebook ( a tool for exploring information exposed by the API ) .
Using the search box on the right , search for your name or e-mail address .
Click the link next to " id " to get to your own profile .
In your " connections " box , click the link next to " events " .
But this only shows " Open " events , which are public anyway .
That 's right .
But there 's a big difference between publishing an event page with a list of people attending , and publishing a list of events that you attended .
Before the new API , to find out which events you attended , I 'd have to visit every single event page on Facebook and look for your name among the people attending .
Now , I can just ask the API what you 've been doing , and it will tell me .
This kind of event list is not even accessible to your friends on the Facebook website ; I have n't found any page at http://facebook.com/
that lets me list a friend 's events .
The API provides this list to anyone , so this is newly exposed information .
Surely there must be a privacy setting for this .
As far as I can tell , there is no way to turn this off with your own privacy settings .
As evidence , here are my privacy settings as of this moment .
I chose the most restrictive setting for everything in my Privacy Settings and unchecked every checkbox in my Application Settings for the Events application .
I applied these settings hours ago , so there has been plenty of time for them to take effect .
Here 's a screenshot of the information exposed by the API about my own events , with the above settings in effect .
Lots of event information is visible , including street addresses ( which I 've covered up with black bars ) :
None of the privacy settings seem to have made any difference .
( Since taking this screenshot , I have marked myself as " Not Attending " for the events with street addresses so they will no longer appear . )
What can we do , then ?
So far , the only way I 've found to keep events from being exposed in this way is to mark them " Not Attending " .
If you do n't want any events to show up in your event list , then here 's what you can do :
Log in to Facebook .
Go to your Events page .
Go through your entire history of events ( use the arrow buttons at the bottom to flip pages ) .
Find every event marked " Attending " or " Maybe Attending " , and change it to " Not Attending " .
This can be quite a tedious process , since your Events page shows every event you 've ever been invited to , and you have to go through them all to find the ones marked " Attending " or " Maybe Attending " .
I have n't found any way to filter the Events page down to just those events .
Am I crazy ?
I 'd appreciate independent confirmation of these findings .
You can look at the source code of http://zesty.ca/facebook to see what it does .
To make requests to the API , the program uses an access token for a Facebook account with no special access .
To get this token , I created a new account with no friends and then visited the Facebook API documentation .
As examples , the API documentation page provides several links with an access token customized for the current user .
The program just uses one of these example tokens .
Anyone can create an account and visit the documentation page ; hence I believe that anyone can make these requests to the API and get these results .
Unusual exoplanet orbits suggest violent past
DR EMILY BALDWIN
ASTRONOMY NOW
Posted : 25 May 2010
Two planets discovered orbiting their host star at highly inclined angles could impact theories of how multi-planet systems evolve .
The results were reported at the 216th American Astronomical Society meeting in Miami yesterday by Barbara McArthur of The University of Texas at Austin ’s McDonald Observatory , who used data from the Hubble Space Telescope and numerous ground - based telescopes to study the orbits of the three known planets around the star Upsilon Andromedae .
" The findings mean that future studies of exoplanetary systems will be more complicated , " she says .
" Astronomers can no longer assume all planets orbit their parent star in a single plane . "
Illustration of the Upsilon Andromedae A planetary system showing planet c and d's highly inclined orbits .
Image : NASA , ESA and A. Feild ( STScI ) .
Astronomers already knew that three Jupiter - type planets orbit the star , which is similar to our own Sun albeit a little younger and more massive , but the new study enabled detailed analysis of the nature of their orbits , finding that two of the planets ' orbits – planet c and d – are inclined by a staggering 30 degrees to each other .
“ Most probably Upsilon Andromedae had the same formation process as our own Solar System , although there could have been differences in the late formation that seeded this divergent evolution , ” says McArthur .
“ The premise of planetary evolution so far has been that planetary systems form in the disc and remain relatively co-planar , but now we have measured a significant angle between these planets that indicates this is n’t always the case . ”
Even our own Solar System has its oddities : dwarf planet Pluto 's orbit is inclined to the ecliptic by nearly 20 degrees , and Eris by over 40 degrees .
These orbits have likely been modified by the gravitational influence of Neptune .
It was also recently reported that a number of exoplanets detected by the SuperWASP consortium orbit their host stars in the opposite direction to the spin of their star ( read more here ) , showing that not all planetary systems conform to textbook examples .
Migration of planets inwards towards their star , the ejection of planets from the system due to planet - planet interactions , or disruptions due to a binary star companion could all play a role in shaping these curious systems .
Our Solar System and the Upsilon Andromedae system compared .
Image : NASA , ESA and A. Feild ( STScI ) .
Team member Rory Barnes of the University of Washington thinks that in the case of the Upsilon Andromedae system , the inclined orbits probably resulted from the ejection of an original member of the planetary system .
" However , we do n’t know if the distant stellar companion forced that ejection , or if the planetary system itself formed in such a way that some original planets were ejected , " he says .
" Furthermore , we find that the revised configuration still lies right on the precipice of instability :
The planets pull on each other so strongly that they are almost able to throw each other out of the system . ”
Upsilon Andromedae 's binary companion is a red dwarf star much dimmer and less massive than our Sun .
“ We do n’t have any idea what its orbit is , ” says Benedict .
“ It could be very eccentric .
Maybe it comes in very close every once in a while .
It may take 10,000 years . ”
The team also determined masses for the planets , turning previous estimates made using the radial velocity technique ( measurements of the star 's motion on the sky towards and away from the Earth ) on their heads .
Until now it was thought that planet c was at least two Jupiter masses , and planet d four Jupiter masses .
Now , using new precision astrometry data – the measurements of the positions and motions of bodies , in this case using Hubble 's Find Guidance Sensors – exact masses of 14 Jupiters for planet c and 10 Jupiters for planet d have been determined .
Radial velocity measurements collected over 14 years using ground - based telescopes provided even more precise information on the nature of the planets ' orbits , and also yielded clues that a fourth planet might be orbiting even further out , but the signal is faint – the planet is so distant that the data does not yet indicate curvature in its orbit .
If you walked into a store and asked to have someone make you a suit and you agreed on a price of $ 100 and week ’s sewing time , a week later you ’d expect to walk back in and be trying on your new suit after parting with a $ 100 bill ( at least in America ) .
What if you went into a different store , after that initial price quote and they offered to make it for $ 25 ?
You ’d think , “ Great !
One fourth the cost of that previous guy !
I ’ll take it instead . ”
How would you feel if a week later you came back and they said it would be another week and $ 50 instead ?
Think you ’d be mad ?
How much madder would you be after TWO weeks , and now the shop owner is telling your it will be $ 75 and one more week , but this time he ’d definitely get it done .
And after you get it , you notice that the pocket is sewed on slightly funny and the trousers do n’t fit quite the way you ’d expect .
Would you be steaming mad now ?
Yeah , I would too .
This is exactly what happens with outsourcing projects in most software companies .
If you ask companies why they do it , invariably they answer that outsourcing will save money AND time over local resources .
That ’s an unbelievably huge lie .
It ’s time to tear that apart .
Forgetting the cultural problems you ’re going to encounter with outsourcing for a minute , let ’s say you have a project scoped by an outsourcing firm .
They bill their engineers to you at $ 25 / hour .
Local contractors run you $ 100 / hour , so you ’re thinking to yourself , “ Wow , 75 % cost savings !
Sign this outsource guy up ! ”
Whoa , not so fast there , cowboy .
Let ’s throw out some project statistics from the Aberdeen Group .
Unsurprisingly , reducing IT costs is the primary driver behind outsourcing for 82 % of companies in the U.S. But , as Aberdeen continues ,
Nearly 50 % of outsourced projects fail outright , or fail to meet expectations
76 % of companies said that vendor management effort and costs were much higher than expected
30 % reported ongoing issues with outsourcer management processes ( e.g. , inadequate governance and conflict resolution procedures )
51 % reported that outsourcer was not performing to expectations
In the end , the average cost savings for projects was a mere 26 % .
That might sound like a reasonable number , but consider that first point more closely : Nearly 50 % of all outsourced projects fail outright or fail to meet expectations in the first place .
Essentially , you ’re taking the same gamble as red vs. black in Roulette about your project ’s success right off the bat , and only then if you pass that hurdle , you ’ll get on average , 25 % savings over having it done locally .
So wait a second , where did my 75 % cost savings disappear to ?
Let ’s do the math :
Original project cost ( outsourcer estimate ) : $ 10,000 .
( 400 engineer - hours @ $ 25/hour )
Actual project costs : $ 30,000 ( 50 % overrun on time and 100 % overrun on people –longer than expected , 2 x as many engineers as originally scoped , which is another finding of Aberdeen ’s and other companies ’ experience , so 1,200 engineer - hours @ $ 25/hour )
Unexpected onshore management costs : $ 6,000 ( about 20 % of project cost , from spending more time managing expectations , requirements , design reviews , documentation , etc )
Total actual project cost : ( $ 30,000 + $ 6,000 ) = $ 36,000 .
Estimated project cost , if done locally : $ 40,000 ( 400 hours @ $ 100 / hour )
Expected cost savings : $ 30,000
Actual cost savings : $ 4,000 ( ( $ 40,000 - $ 36,000 ) / $ 36,000 ) = 11 % ( for the clients I ’ve worked with )
These numbers have been vetted by two recent clients of mine ( due to NDA restrictions , I ca n’t mention either by name but one is a large entertainment conglomerate based in NYC , the other is a worldwide financial clearinghouse firm ) .
Both have substantial amounts of outsourced projects and both report little actual cost savings shown by front - line managers , huge management issues , and non-trivial project failure rates .
And yet , both continue to outsource because upper management believes they ’re saving a lot of money through outsourcing .
Think about this for a minute :
If you have 4 projects you outsource ( let ’s assume they are all the same : 400 hours each , and we ’re using an outsource firm at $ 25 / hour ) , their estimated cost of $ 10,000 each , and their actual cost $ 36,000 , here ’s what you get :
Your budget was for $ 160,000 and you believed you ’d have $ 120,000 to spend on other projects ( foolishly ) .
Here ’s the harsh reality :
2 of your 4 projects have high probability of completely failing ( let ’s assume that they did n’t expend the same cost above , but perhaps only half before they got canceled , so say you got halfway through each and canceled them , burning $ 36,000 total between them )
( let ’s assume that they did n’t expend the same cost above , but perhaps only half before they got canceled , so say you got halfway through each and canceled them , burning $ 36,000 total between them )
Of the remaining two , you get what you asked for but at a cost of $ 72,000 instead of the promised $ 20,000 .
Total budget spent : $ 108,000 .
Expected budget spend : $ 40,000 .
( Difference : +270 % over expected costs )
)
Actual remaining budget for other costs : $ 52,000 .
Expected remaining budget : $ 120,000 .
( Difference : - 43 % less than expected available funds )
Assuming you budgeted all your expected remaining project cash on other things , congratulations , you ’re now over budget !
Welcome to every CTO and CIO ’s nightmare .
And none of this addresses the other problems : communication lags of several days to answer questions , lack of face - to - face interaction to solve problems quickly , miscommunication over simple requirements that you consider obvious but were missed in the implementation , and so on .
Are you really saving money here ?
Let ’s call a spade a spade :
Outsourcing just does n’t save you the kind of money you think it will .
UPDATE : Thanks for all the comments about my crappy math .
Yes , it ’s fixed now .
Facebook 's new social features allow apps to be added to user profiles without notification being given to the user .
Macworld discovered this new security concern and compared it to malware considering the secretive nature surrounding the way these apps are being added .
When a user goes to specific websites whilst logged into Facebook an app for the website is instantly added to the user profile .
There is no prompt to the user , the Facebook window does not have to be open and you do not need to be signed into the website which adds the app .
Currently there is no option to stop the app from being added in Facebook 's privacy and application settings .
The websites which add themselves automatically all appear to have Facebook 's new sharing features integrated into their webpages .
Macworld lists the Gawker network of blogs , the Washington Post , TechCrunch , CNET , New York Magazine and formspring .me as websites which automatically add themselves .
These apps are not visible to friends on the user 's profile page but users are able to view friends who also have the app installed on the app 's profile page .
In a way allowing users to see others somewhat vague browsing history provided the websites they visit have Facebook integration .
It is important to note that opting out of the new ' Instant Personalisation ' feature does not stop these apps from being added .
Clicking the ' X ' will delete the app but it will be added once you return to the website which was deleted .
There is no current way of stopping this .
Under the ' Edit Settings ' link for the added apps there will generally be a tab named ' Additional Permissions ' which typically has the option ' Publish recent activity ( one line stories ) to my wall ' .
It is currently unchecked by default .
Facebook 's intent seems to be if users publish comments or interact with other websites through Facebook Connect , which have Facebook 's new integration features , they would be prompted to post the information on their Facebook profile .
Whilst this new issue does not directly publish information onto users '
Facebook feeds or profiles it does raise concerns over user control over apps .
The news of these secret apps comes just after a bug was revealed to allow users to see other users Facebook chats .
Update : Facebook have issued the following statement :
Application developers must comply with our Developer Principles and Policies , which require that applications provide a trustworthy experience .
We have a dedicated team that conducts spot reviews of top applications and of many other applications , including looking at the data they need to run the application versus the data they gather .
This team regularly enforces our guidelines and disables applications that we find to be in violation .
There was a bug that was showing applications on a user ’s Application Settings page that the user had n’t authorized .
No information was shared with those applications , and the applications did not appear to anyone but the user .
This bug has been fixed .
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg promised earlier this week that the social - networking service would make it easier for users to manage their privacy on the site , after Facebook came under fire for recent changes to its privacy policies .
The company , which has more than 450 million users , introduced new features in April that extended Facebook 's network to more places on the Web .
But some users objected to the fact that changes limited what information they could keep private , or made privacy settings more confusing .
Mr ....
A Shining City on a Spreadsheet
“ It ’s a mansion with 50 rooms , and each one relates to all the others , ” says Charles Komanoff , referring to his Balanced Transportation Analyzer , a spreadsheet that models in intricate detail the daily flow of all transit–public , private , wheeled and bipedal–in New York City .
Komanoff says his model can show the way to policies that would rid New York of gridlock , if only the city had the political will to implement them ( you can download a version of the .xls file here ) .?
Wired has the story .
Meanwhile , a new book recounts the consequences of overreliance on computer models in city planning : Joe Flood ‘s The Fires explores the connection between a computer model that promised to revolutionize the New York Fire Department in the 1960s and 70s , and a subsequent series of devastating fires . [ % comments ]
For more on this event , click here .
< object width = ” 400 ″ height = ” 300 ″ data= ” http://www.americanprogress.org/images/rd2/flash/flowplayer.commercial-3.0.5.swf” type=” application/x-shockwave-flash ” >< param name = ” movie ” value= ” http://www.americanprogress.org/images/rd2/flash/flowplayer.commercial-3.0.5.swf” />< param name= ” allowfullscreen ” value= ” true ” />< param name= ” allowscriptaccess ” value= ” always ” />< param name= ” flashvars ” value= ’config= { “ key ” : ” # @fae15a997f67f7892e5 ″ , ” clip ” : {“ autoPlay ” : true , ” autoBuffering ” : false , ” url ” : ” http://images2.americanprogress.org/CAP/2010/06/060810B.mp4″},”playlist”:[{“url”:”http://images2.americanprogress.org/CAP/2010/06/060810B.jpg”},{“autoPlay”:false,”autoBuffering”:false,”url”:”http://images2.americanprogress.org/CAP/2010/06/060810B.mp4″}]}’ /></object >
Show Embed Code
Uganda ’s legislature has been considering virulently antigay legislation for the past year .
One of the leading voices against the legislation is Bishop Christopher Senyonjo , a courageous Ugandan who has taken a stand for the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender people of his country at the risk of his own life and career .
Senyonjo ’s adamant defense of LGBT rights has won him many admirers , including fellow Anglican Bishop and American Progress Senior Fellow Gene Robinson , who is also no stranger to death threats and controversy .
The openly gay Bishop Robinson called Bishop Senyonjo “ one of my heroes ” and “ someone who I look to for great inspiration ” during a conversation about the global struggle for LGBT rights held at the Center for American Progress this week .
Sally Steenland , CAP ’s Senior Policy Advisor to the Faith and Progressive Policy Initiative , introduced the event .
Michael H. Posner , the assistant secretary of state for the Bureau of Democracy , Human Rights , and Labor gave opening remarks and made it clear that the United States government believes “ LGBT rights are human rights . ”
Senyonjo painted a dire portrait of the brutally oppressed LGBT community in Uganda .
LGBT people are routinely shunned by their family and friends .
They lose their jobs , are kicked out of schools , and get chased out of their homes on a regular basis .
If Uganda ’s proposed law passes , they will also face a minimum of life imprisonment , as well as possible capital punishment , in addition to such harsh social persecution .
Senyonjo believes this intolerant , ignorant , and hateful lawmaking stems from misinformation .
Many Ugandans believe that homosexuality is imported from the West , claimed Senyonjo .
Ugandans have also been misinformed about the difference between homosexuality and pedophilia — the idea that LGBT people are pedophiles and vice versa has become a widely held misconception in the African nation .
Senyonjo also decried the state of HIV - AIDS education in his country , saying that there has been a turn toward preaching abstinence and stigmatizing condom use .
These factors have contributed to Uganda ’s fall from its former position of being a leader in HIV - AIDS education and prevention , according to Senyonjo .
Many Ugandans also do n’t know that homosexuality is not a choice but rather an inborn trait .
Senyonjo recounted the story of a young Ugandan man who prayed and fasted extensively with the belief that this penance would turn him straight .
When it did n’t work he contemplated suicide .
Senjonyo said Uganda ’s LGBT community needs to know that their sexuality is n’t a sin or a choice .
“ That ’s how God created them , ” he said , urging his country to “ not mix prejudice with ignorance . ”
Senyonjo and Robinson see a connection between the increasingly homophobic attitudes and legislation in Senyonjo ’s nation and the American religious right ’s intolerant message toward homosexuality .
The misinformation , hatred , and violence cropping up in Uganda often can be traced to the far - right rhetoric spread by American missionaries working abroad .
“ There are some religious groups coming from here , from the U.S. , that come to preach a gospel of hatred to LGBT people , ” said Bishop Senyonjo .
Robinson concurred and drew a metaphor between those who disseminate homophobia in Africa and reckless campers who start wildfires that destroy buildings and homes .
The damage done by this antigay rhetoric is all too real .
Bishop Senyonjo even went so far as to call the situation in his country “ a kind of genocide . ”
We in the United States often only think about the struggle for LGBT rights within the context of our own borders .
The “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy , for example , is strictly a national issue .
We even tend to limit our conception of these battles to specific states — the fight over California ’s Proposition 8 , which banned gay couples from marrying , seems to be confined solely within that state ’s borders ( although the pending federal court case around Prop. 8 could change that ) .
But Bishop Senyonjo ’s story illustrates how this narrow perspective affects LGBT people around the globe .
We should be mindful that opponents to LGBT equality at home are exporting their hateful strategies and rhetoric abroad .
Pro-equality forces — including the U.S. government — have an obligation to combat these enemies of equality wherever they operate , and fight to make life better for all LGBT people .
For more on this event , click here .
As a regulation , the size of sunglasses has to be in proportion with the size of the face .
This entails that petite shades are best for petite faces ; big shades for large faces .
Nonetheless , the framing cast should be different from the form of the face .
For instance , people with round faces should get glasses that make their faces seem skinnier , the best way to achieve this is by wearing shades which are shaped in rectangles .
If you have a square - formed face , your main objective has to be to soften your face somewhat , as your properties are probably very broad and strong .
The advisable way is for you to moderate the facial appearance of profound curves .
The better manner to subdue profound bends is by getting shades which are round in figure .
For those having elliptical formed faces , you are fortunate !
Elliptical shaped faces can take virtually all varieties of glass frames .
You are able to test with what ever pair of shades you wish .
If your face is shaped as a heart , your main worry is to moderate your chin .
Your best choice are oval shaped sunglasses , sunglasses with frames with a flat top , and pastel colored shades are best with your face shape .
Apart from how your shades look good on you , remember that the foremost intent of shades is to protect your eyes .
Exposure to Ultra Violet radiation can create a variety of problems for your eyes , you will require your shades to safeguard you from these issues , acquire glasses that shield UVA and UVB rays .
Finding shades to pair with your face shape is not complex , as long as you have a well defined idea of what you are looking for .
Doing a bit of trying out to see which pair of sunglasses will look the nicest on you is fundamental .
By opting for various sunglasses shapes and colorations , the frames can reflect your attitude and your mood .
They can convert your outward appearance and personality instantly .
George Washington is off the hook .
This week , after more than 200 years , authorities at the New York Society Library finally got their hands back on the copy of The Law of Nations by Emmerich de Vattel , which the nation 's first president checked out but never returned .
( Watch an " Adult Swim " reenactment of the founding father 's book fiasco . )
Here , a look back at America 's longest - overdue library book :
Oct. 5 , 1789 : Five months after George Washington takes the oath of office at Federal Hall on Wall Street , the new president checks out two books from the New York Society Library .
The library was located in the same building as the president 's office , in what was then the nation 's capital .
In a ledger , next to the names of the books —
The Law of Nations by Emmerich de Vattel and Vol. 12 of the Commons Debates , containing transcripts from Britain 's House of Commons — the librarian writes , " President . "
Nov. 2 , 1789 : The books are due .
No sign of Washington .
Fines begin accruing .
April 1792 : Librarians retire the leather - bound ledger where Washington 's loan was recorded , and start a new one .
At some point , the 18 - pound record book covering 1789 to 1792 goes missing .
Dec. 14 , 1799 : George Washington dies at his estate , Mount Vernon , in Virginia .
1934 : The missing ledger is found in a pile of trash in the basement of the library 's fourth home , at 109 University Place in Manhattan .
The library can find no evidence that Washington 's books were ever returned .
April 16 , 2010 : Archivist Matthew Haugen stumbles upon the New York Society Library 's long - lost 14 - volume collection of the Commons Debates .
Volume 12 — the one checked out by Washington — is missing , confirming the staff 's secretly held suspicion that Washington never returned the books .
The fine , adjusted for inflation , amounts to about $ 300,000 .
" We 're not actively pursuing the overdue fines , " says head librarian Mark Bartlett .
" But we would be very happy if we were able to get the books back . "
May 20 , 2010 : Mount Vernon staff returns a copy of The Law of Nations to the New York Society Library .
After hearing of the missing books , employees at Washington 's estate were unable to locate either of them .
But they found an identical Law of Nations online for about $ 12,000 .
" We express our gratitude for your patience ... and for your generosity in erasing the considerable funds that were probably owed by George Washington , " James Rees , executive director of Washington 's Mount Vernon Estate , told library staff .
" He did not do his public duty . "
Nonetheless , the library has absolved Washington " and his representatives " of all fines .
Sources : NY Daily News , AFP , AmericasLibrary.gov , New York Society Library
In response to news that Pennsylvania bicyclist deaths doubled in 2009 , several PennLive.com readers blamed the lack of accommodations for bicyclists on local roads .
Reader jackhamma replied ,
Do you think that bikes should be registered , inspected , insured and licensed ?
Would this make roads safer for bicyclists and help prevent deaths ?
Comment below .
Related links :
The FBI is investigating whether a hacker broke into the state ’s confidential cancer registry , possibly holding personal information and medical records hostage .
Health and Human Services Commissioner Tom Suehs says state health officials notified his office in early May that a hacker was holding the Texas Cancer Registry hostage and demanding a ransom .
Suehs says preliminary investigation results from the FBI indicate the threat may be a hoax , and officials with the Department of State Health Services , which oversees the cancer registry , say they do n’t believe the names , dates of birth , Social Security numbers and personal medical information contained in it were stolen .
But if the FBI determines private records were revealed , Suehs says , health officials will quickly notify the people listed in the registry .
“ This is an incident that makes everybody ’s antennas go a little bit higher , and I ’m using it as an opportunity to elevate our awareness of our responsibility to protect information , ” Suehs says .
“ Nothing is 100 - percent secure .
But I think [ most of ] our systems , our processes , worked .
And that ’s the positive thing . ”
The security scare comes at a sensitive time for the state ’s health agencies , which are making plans for an electronic superhighway to exchange Texas medical records — and expect an influx of federal dollars to help do it .
Privacy advocates are already nervous about whether the state has the technology safeguards to keep these records out of hackers ’ hands .
“ It should be a wake - up call that security is not up to par , ” says Deborah Peel , a national patient privacy advocate based in Austin .
“ We have terrible infrastructure when we need to have a Fort Knox - level of security .
What happened to the cancer registry could happen to any one of the state ’s giant databases . ”
While it ’s common for state agencies and universities to get hit with computer viruses and other data security breaches — there are thousands of incidents reported every month , according to state information technology records — it ’s very rare for the FBI to be called in to investigate .
Lawmakers , who have left the Health and Human Services Commission ’s recent requests for information technology upgrades mostly unfunded , say this latest security incident leaves them with no choice but to foot the bill , even in a tougher - than - tough budget cycle .
“ There ’s no question we need to fund it , ” says state Sen. Bob Deuell , R - Greenville .
“ There ’s nothing more sacred than protecting private information . ”
Suehs says that when he first learned of the alleged hacking incident , he was told the cancer registry “ was being held hostage , and that there was a ransom involved , ” and that the FBI had been notified .
He says the system firewalls apparently activated and that the records appeared safe .
Still , he dispatched his agency ’s inspector general and an internal auditor to review the incident and demanded frequent updates from DSHS and the FBI .
FBI Special Agent Erik Vasys confirmed that federal investigators are “ conducting an inquiry within the Department of State Health Services ” but declined to comment further .
Carrie Williams , a DSHS spokeswoman , declined to give detailed information on the incident , saying she did n’t want to jeopardize the investigation .
But she refuted the theory that there was a ransom involved and said the alleged security breach looks like “ an isolated , one - time incident . ”
“ We expect to receive an analysis of the investigation and additional guidance in coming weeks , ” Williams says .
Information technology experts say it ’s possible that the message the agency got from a supposed hacker was actually a virus .
Indeed , Suehs says , when FBI investigators replied to the threat , they got no response .
But Suehs says the FBI informed his office as recently as Thursday that the incident was probably a hoax — and that the message may have been sent from inside the agency .
It ’s a crime , regardless of whether it was a hoax , Suehs says .
And even if no records were compromised , he says , the incident exposed security holes that need to be addressed .
In the last two budget cycles , his agency has requested more than $ 9 million for information technology improvements , Suehs says .
Lawmakers have granted the commission $ 600,000 .
Information technology upgrades are “ a difficult thing to ask for , and it ’s difficult for the Legislature to prioritize , ” Suehs says .
“ But this is a legitimate concern , and I think state agencies have a responsibility to make it their highest priority . ”
If you can be patient enough to sit through the numerous N.M.C. tags — and if you ’ve been waiting all this time to hear music from Dre ’s near - mythically delayed Detox , patience you have — then soldier on for this stream of “ Under Pressure , ” Dre ’s new album track with a guest drop by Jay - Z .
The Dr. is talking about “ breathing life in this shit , ” though there ’s probably a little more muscle on him than herein .
Could be a sketch since there ’s no real hook , but our friends at Nah Right and P4 K seem to think what we hear is what we ’re getting .
So , here it is for the getting :
UPDATE : Turns out it ’s a sketch after all !
Dre says : “ I want to set the record straight for everybody who ’s been waiting to hear my music .
The song that ’s on the internet is an incomplete song that I ’m still working on .
When it ’s ready , you ’ll be hearing it from me . ” ( via MTV )
( Thanks for the heads up on this , Consequence Of Sound )
A university student who stabbed her younger sister to death will spend at least four years and three months in jail .
Kathleen Worrall , 22 , was charged with murdering her 18 - year - old sister Susan in their Strathfield home in October 2008 .
The Crown accepted her guilty plea to a lesser charge of manslaughter due to mental illness .
The court heard she had a rare hormonal condition - congenital adrenal hyperplasia - and at the time of the attack had not been taking her medication .
Susan Worrall , a Year 12 student at the Methodist Ladies College in Burwood , suffered 50 stab wounds to her back and neck .
She was stabbed after getting out of the bath .
After stabbing her younger sister , Kathleen Worrall phoned her father , saying " Daddy , I 've stabbed Susan .
I 've got blood all over me . "
The New South Wales Supreme Court heard a week before the attack the sisters fought over a hair straightener and Kathleen Worrall told a friend , " I 've had enough . "
During sentencing submissions earlier this year , the court heard Worrall once told a psychiatrist her sister was " Miss Cute and Popular " but people who knew her knew that was not true .
But her mother said her daughter is sorry for what she has done and would " take it all back in a moment ' if she could .
In handing down a sentence today , Justice Elizabeth Fullerton said Kathleen Worrall has loving parents and is unlikely to re-offend .
The judge said the incident was a " compound tragedy " for the girls ' parents .
She said the " horrific death " would not have occurred without Kathleen 's medical condition .
Worrall cried in court and looked across at her mother and father .
She whispered " I love you " to them before she was led away .
Outside they made no comment .
With time already served she will be eligible for parole in 2013 .
People in advertising say different things regarding the purpose of advertising and I guess that what they say is not even that important as long as what they do makes their clients happy .
Still , I recently heard an idea coming from an advertising executive of a global communications agency according to which advertising is persuasion and not selling .
For those of you who did n’t really catch the last few words , the guy said that advertising is not selling .
Of course , I am no one yet in the world of advertising , but that does n’t mean I cannot question such a fundamental concept .
Surely , advertising is persuasion .
But what do you persuade people to do through advertising ?
You persuade them to like and eventually buy your product .
I personally believe that persuasion , along with the informative aspect of advertising , is just a part of the main and utmost important purpose of advertising : to sell products , services , ideas and so on .
However , the ad exec argues that persuasion is the ultimate purpose of advertising and that advertising is not about selling .
I would like to highlight the fact that I do not reject the idea that advertising is persuasion .
I do , nonetheless , reject the idea that advertising is not selling .
Picture this : you see a TV commercial for product Whatever .
The ad tells you how great product Whatever is for you and you believe it .
The ad therefore persuades you to believe that the product is great .
This means that the purpose of advertising has already been achieved .
But you ’re still sitting on that sofa and Whatever ’s sales do n’t grow just because you liked the ad or because it persuaded you to have a positive attitude towards the product .
In fact , the ad you just watched is probably part of a several million - pound campaign – paid for , of course , by the advertiser .
Paying millions of pounds for someone sitting on a sofa to like the product is no good unless people stand up and go and buy that product .
Therefore , I believe that while persuasion should be acknowledged as a major purpose of advertising , dismissing the fact that advertising is about selling may be a brutal understatement .
Not to mention a much too romantic approach to advertising .
Alastair Crompton put it better : ‘ Realize that your function [ as an agency ] is to get people to spend , and help your client to earn his living and keep his factories busy and his employees rich . ’
Who do you agree with – Mr No One Yet or Mr Advertising Executive ?
We thought we ’d heard everything when we found out that some geeks were launching Cupidtino , a dating site geared exclusively towards Apple fans .
Alas , the onslaught of niche Internet matchmaking services shows no sign of letting up .
Today , we learned about the existence of Tastebuds , a site that uses Last . fm to make love connections between people with similar taste in music .
Since most people who actually care deeply about their lover ’s choice of tunes are sure to be of the indie - snob persuasion ( no offense ; we ’re no exception ) , we ’ve put together a handy list of 25 pickup lines for Pitchfork - readin ’ , All Tomorrow ’s Parties - attendin ’ , vinyl - collectin ’ elitists to use on the site .
1. “ I ’m looking to go from Loveless to ‘ All Is Full of Love . ' ”
2 . “ I ’m looking for a bear who ’s into Grizzly Bear . ”
3 . “ I ’ve got four walls and adobe slats .
So will you be my girl ? ”
4 . “ Will you be the Ben to my Zooey ? ”
5 . “ The ladies of Dirty Projectors got nothin ’ on you . ”
6 . “ Let ’s go to my place and watch the Girls ‘ Lust for Life ’ video — the NSFW version . ”
7 . “ Is your name Janelle ?
‘ Cuz I bet I can make you moan , eh ? ”
8 . “ If I were Pitchfork and you were an album , I ’d give you a 9.7 .
( Sorry , baby .
No one gets a perfect 10 . ) ”
9 . “ I ’m about to put on some Robyn ‘ cuz I ’d like to hear your body talk . ”
10 . “ Who cares about Sleigh Bells ?
You ’re all the Treats I need . ”
11 . “ You know Flying Lotus is a band .
But did you know it ’s also a sex position ? ”
12 . “ ISO a girl who ’s into S&M and Bible study — not everybody ’s cup of tea . ”
13 . “ Is that a Morning Bender in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ? ”
14 . “ Hey there , Tight- ass Andronicus ! ”
15 . “ Let ’s make love and listen to Death from Above . ”
16 . “ Are you into Joanna Newsom ?
Because I ’d like you to Have One on Me. And I ’m not talking about drinks … ”
17 . “ I ’m not looking for anything serious — just a fling that ’ll last about as long as chillwave . ”
18 . “ Sexually confused of Montreal fan seeks same to explore bi-curious fantasies . ”
19 . “ I am human and I need to be loved .
Just like everybody else does . ”
20 . “ I ’m just a Juliet looking for a Chromeo to call my own . ”
21 . “ Let ’s get XXX to The xx . ”
22 . “ You and me baby ai n’t nothin ’ but mammals so let ’s celebrate our semi-ironic love of that one Bloodhound Gang song together , shall we ? ”
23 .
So , this is my room — or , as the ladies like to call it , the Passion Pit . ”
24 . “ Antony ?
Meet my Johnson . ”
25 . “ Hey , have you heard this Shins song ?
It ’ll change your life . ”
Image credit : Clayton Borah
Oil may now be leaking through seabed floor , blogger says ; Memo shows how BP calculates value of human life
Update ( at bottom ) : BP caves to Rep ’s demand , will maintain live video feed for ‘ top kill ’ attempt
The chairman of the House subcommittee on energy and the environment says that BP will cut off its live , underwater video feed of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill during its latest attempt to plug the leak .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ After pushing BP into providing a live feed of the spill at the bottom of the ocean , Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D - MA ) today learned that BP will terminate the live feed during BPÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s pivotal attempt to seal the well this week , ” a statement on Markey ’s congressional Web site said .
“ BP informed Rep. MarkeyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s office that the live feed would be terminated some time early Wednesday morning , and would continue to be offline until after the attempt at the so - called ‘ top kill ’ is completed , ” the statement continued .
The news that the live feed will be cut off has alarmed some environmentalists and bloggers , who have been using the footage to make their own assessments of the oil spill , independently of BP ’s own reports .
For example , on Sunday blogger Monkeyfister reported what he said was a major deterioration of the situation .
The blogger said the live footage showed that oil and gas from the spill was now leaking not only through the broken well at the bottom of the sea , but through the seabed floor itself as well .
BP ’s next attempt at sealing the leak , which was scheduled to take place Wednesday morning but appears to have been delayed , is called the “ top kill ” procedure and involves using a fleet of robotic submarines to plug the leak with 50,000 pounds of mud .
The Washington Post describes it as “ the most critical moment of the oil spill crisis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ It is outrageous that BP would kill the video feed for the top kill , ” Markey said in his statement .
“ This BP blackout will obscure a vital moment in this disaster . ”
The live video feed can be found here .
BP ’S ‘THREE LITTLE PIGS ’
ADVERTISEMENT
A series of 2002 memos from BP , obtained by the Daily Beast , shows the company used the classic fairy tale “ The Three Little Pigs ” as an allegory to determine how much risk the company is willing to put its workers into in order to save on costly safety precautions .
The memos show “ the company took deadly risks to save money by opting to build cheaper facilities for workers , ” Rick Outzen reports .
“ The company estimated the value of a worker ’s life at $ 10 million . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Eleven oil rig workers died at BP ’s Deepwater Horizon platform on April 20 , when an explosion caused the leak now threatening the US Gulf Coast and Florida .
In its “ little pigs ” model , BP rejects the idea of building a “ blast resistant ” house for the pigs , determining instead that a cheaper “ brick house ” will protect the pigs against the big bad wolf .
A BP spokesman said the company had “ fundamentally changed [ its ] culture ” after a 2005 fire at its Texas City refinery , which killed 15 workers , and the “ three pigs ” risk model no longer applies .
ADVERTISEMENT
Update : BP caves to Rep ’s demand , will maintain live video feed for ‘ top kill ’ attempt
Bending to congressional pressure , BP has agreed to keep it ’s live video feed of the Gulf oil gusher running through the company ’s so - called “ top kill ” effort to plug the well .
“ BP made the right decision to allow the public to see this potentially historical event for themselves , ” Rep .
Markey said in a media advisory .
“ The hopes of millions of Americans rest on this effort , and the world deserves a first - hand view of the top kill attempt .
BP should now take the next step and make the full 12 possible video feeds available to the public , not just one single feed . ”
The oil giant plans to inject drilling mud and cement into the gusher from several angels on Wednesday , in hopes that it will stop the rushing torrent of pollution .
ADVERTISEMENT
BP CEO Tony Hayward told reporters on Monday the effort had a 60 - 70 percent chance of success , though some experts have mocked the effort as mere PR glitz .
Doug Suttles , the company ’s COO , said that if the top kill fails , relief wells are being drilled to divert the flow and allow the leaking well to be sealed , but these will not be ready until August at the earliest .
Carol Browner , the top White House advisor on energy and environmental matters , said Tuesday it was the worst spill in US history .
Other contingency plans to plug the gusher are expected to take months , meaning if the ‘ top kill ’ plan fails , tens of millions more barrels of oil will be released into the Gulf .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CNN ’s Newsroom , broadcast May 25 , 2010 .
Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
With AFP .
Nassim Nicholas Taleb : The " Fragility " Crisis is Just Begun
Nassim Nicholas
Taleb is one of the great wiseguys or wisemen of the moment .
Quite possibly both .
For a world that wants better than the fatuous “ perfect storm ” account of the economic meltdown — or of BP ’s gusher in the Gulf , or of 9.11 for that matter —
Taleb has revised and extended his cult classic , The Black Swan .
His anomalous “ black swan ” ( since swans are by definition white ) has three properties : it ’s ( 1 ) any one of those unforeseen developments that comes ( 2 ) with big consequences and ( 3 ) a concocted cause - and - effect after - story .
In conversation , Taleb is trying to get us to let go of “ causes ” and fix on the word “ fragility . ”
He is explaining — sometimes elliptically , aphoristically , through metaphors , jokes and old folk wisdom — why “ the economic crisis has barely begun , ” why indeed we seem to have entered the Age of the Black Swan .
In a Letterman List , our conversation might be reduced to this :
Early in the day , it seemed that the more liberal members would prevent Republicans from scoring political points on the issue .
Senate leaders avoided debate on a comprehensive measure proposed by the GOP , substituting it with a more narrowly tailored crackdown — on welfare and unemployment benefits — that passed mostly along party lines .
But Wednesday would be the start of a dizzying two days of nearly round - the - clock deal - making , as the Senate made its way through hundreds of amendments .
Immigration was a prominent , but ultimately just one part , of the deliberations .
Murray , despite her key role , seemed more ambivalent .
On Tuesday , she told reporters that Republicans were targeting a problem that did not exist , because the state already checks applicants before awarding public benefits .
“ Why are we letting the Republicans spot us on issues that we were with them on ? ’’ he said .
Steven A. Baddour , a Methuen Democrat who helped draft the final measure , said there was no reason to continue battling Republicans when many senators agreed with many of the provisions anyway .
Supporters said the measure reflected broad public consensus on reserving state services for legal residents ; liberal members of the Senate said they felt blindsided and ashamed that the body had passed such a strict measure so abruptly .
And with a 28 - to - 10 vote , the Senate came back Thursday and passed a sweeping measure that would toughen or expand rules that bar illegal immigrants from obtaining public health care , housing , and higher education benefits .
It would set up hot lines for anonymous tips about illegal immigrants holding jobs and encourage the state attorney general to consult with the US Justice Department to enlist more state resources to halt illegal immigration .
In the end , the Republicans , who make up just five of the Senate ’s 40 members , got more than they wanted , just hours after the Senate appeared to have killed , or at least slowed down , their own plan to tighten immigration laws .
Murray , who had shown little appetite for a headline - grabbing crackdown on illegal immigrants , wanted a new strategy .
She set up a late - night meeting with three other senators , where — over strawberry cream pie , cranberry - lime seltzer , and M&Ms — the group , mindful of a new poll showing overwhelming public support for barring illegal immigrants from state services — drafted a stricter crackdown than even the most conservative advocates believed possible .
That ’s when Senate President Therese Murray banged her gavel — temporarily freezing action on the floor and effectively changing the course of the immigration debate in Massachusetts .
It was late Wednesday night , hour 11 of a grueling state budget debate , and senators were arguing over another contentious amendment on illegal immigration .
Republicans were hammering Democrats for going too soft .
Leading Democrats were quietly pushing to make a deal to quell the criticism .
Republicans called it a “ poison pill . ’’
Conservative and moderate Democrats promised they would strengthen the measure as debate went on , with a series of amendments .
Liberal senators seemed confident they could hold their ground , and had the votes to supplant 14 Republican amendments as they came up with measures of their own that would simply put existing practices into law — and demonstrate to the public that most state services were already off - limits to illegal immigrants .
“ It would have been a long debate , but I think we would have defeated the Republican amendments , ’’ said state Senator James B. Eldridge , an Acton Democrat .
But some Democrats did not want the perception that they were unwilling to take stronger action against illegal immigration , and they talked throughout the day with their Republican colleagues .
Republicans feared Democrats would pass only a few narrow measures and then claim they had tackled the issue .
“ I was serious in expressing frustration , ’’ said state Senator Bruce E. Tarr , a Gloucester Republican .
The behind - the - scenes debate continued into the night , and then broke into public view , when another immigration measure came up for debate .
“ There was a big brouhaha by the Republicans , ’’ said state Senator Steven C. Panagiotakos , a Democrat who chairs the Ways and Means Committee .
“ The minority party kept criticizing it : ‘ How could we depend that anything is going to get done on this area ? ’’’
Murray , with Baddour lobbying her on the dais , had heard enough .
“ She literally banged the gavel and Bruce [ Tarr ] was in the middle of his speech , ’’ Baddour said .
“ And she called a group together and said , ‘ We need to work this out . ’ ’’
When business ended at 10 p.m. , Murray called Tarr , Panagiotakos , Baddour , and three staff members into her office , staying past midnight to draft the new policy .
Many rank - and - file Democrats knew nothing about the new proposal until the next day , when they were given the bill during a closed party caucus , minutes before they were asked to vote on it .
Some on the left were shocked and outraged , such as Sonia Chang - Diaz who told colleagues she was “ embarrassed ’ ’ by the Senate ’s efforts , according to two members who were present .
Eldridge said it was so hastily written that technical errors nearly excluded tens of thousands of legal residents from public housing .
“ I just do n’t understand why we would sit down at the table in the kind of posture that we did in the end , as a Democratic caucus , with a five - member [ Republican ] minority , ’’ Chang - Diaz said yesterday .
“ There were perfectly good alternatives for us in terms of reassuring the public . ’’
But with a Suffolk University / 7 News poll of Massachusetts residents showing 84 percent of respondents opposed to state services for illegal immigrants , and a tough election coming in fall , most Democrats signed on .
Still , the measure remains far from a done deal .
Both the House , which narrowly defeated a related measure last month , and Governor Deval Patrick , who has been skeptical of further immigration crackdowns , would need to sign on before it becomes law .
“ I do n’t necessarily agree with everything that was in it , ’’ Murray told reporters Thursday .
“ But that was the will of the body . ’’
Noah Bierman can be reached at nbierman@globe.com .
Correction : Because of a reporting error , an earlier version of this story misstated the hometown of state Senator James Eldridge .
He is from Acton .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
nterview with U.S. Army Remote Viewer Joe McMoneagle explains how his near - death experience led to being selected for the government ’s psychic spy program .
Join Skeptiko host Alex Tsakiris for an interview with Joe McMoneagle , author of , Memoirs of a Psychic Spy .
During the interview McMoneagle discusses the origins of the government ’s psychic spy program :
Joe McMoneagle :
We heard rumors and picked up some details about the Russians using psychics to spy on America .
It was impossible , for obvious reasons , to get an actual agent inside their program ; so when faced with the possibility that our enemy is doing something that we have no ability to judge , the best way to find what their capability is , or the limits of their capability , is to emulate them .
So the initial intention was to just spend three years doing that –selecting people , targeting our own people at the CIA , FBI , Secret Service , that sort of thing .
That did n’t work very long because we were able to successfully recruit six people and they turned out to be very , very good at doing what we thought the Russians were doing .
They were good enough that people felt that it should be operational immediately .
Alex Tsakiris :
Tell us about your trips to Russia and your meeting with your Russian counterparts .
Were they really spying on us with psychic spies ?
Joe McMoneagle :
In actuality , they were .
They were using spies , psychic spies , to target us and target many of our agencies .
In my trips to Russia and the time I spent with the directors of their program and their actual remote viewers — I call them remote viewers .
They probably should n’t be called remote viewers because they use nothing like our protocols .
They displayed some interesting capacities in many of the things that they were doing but they did things completely differently than us .
They did a lot of things that we did n’t do in terms of their attempts to manipulate the paranormal area , anyway .
For instance , there were some efforts I know that they spent a great deal of time in trying to manipulate or affect the decision - making of some American politicians and that sort of thing .
Nearly 300 members of Congress have signed on to a declaration reaffirming their commitment to " the unbreakable bond that exists between [ U.S. ] and the State of Israel " , in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
The letter was sent in the wake of the severe recent tensions between Israel and the U.S. over the prior 's decision to construct more than 1,600 new housing units in East Jerusalem , a project it announced during U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 's visit to the region .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took advantage of his trip to the United States this week to try to mend the rift with the Obama administration , but he was greeted with cold welcome by the White House .
Netanyahu also met during his visit with members of Congress , who welcomed him with significantly more warmth .
The letter from Congress expresses its " deep concern " over the U.S. - Israel crisis , and emphasizes that lawmakers had received assurances from Netanyahu that the events leading up to the recent tensions would not be repeated .
Letter from members of Congress
Dear Secretary Clinton :
We are writing to reaffirm our commitment to the unbreakable bond that exists between our country and the State of Israel and to express to you our deep concern over recent tension .
In every important relationship , there will be occasional misunderstandings and conflicts .
The announcement during Vice President Biden 's visit was , as Israel 's Prime Minister said in an apology to the United States , " a regrettable incident that was done in all innocence and was hurtful , and which certainly should not have occurred . "
We are reassured that Prime Minister Netanyahu 's commitment to put in place new procedures will ensure that such surprises , however unintended , will not recur .
The United States and Israel are close allies whose people share a deep and abiding friendship based on a shared commitment to core values including democracy , human rights and freedom of the press and religion .
Our two countries are partners in the fight against terrorism and share an important strategic relationship .
A strong Israel is an asset to the national security of the United States and brings stability to the Middle East .
We are concerned that the highly publicized tensions in the relationship will not advance the interests the U.S. and Israel share .
Above all , we must remain focused on the threat posed by the Iranian nuclear weapons program to Middle East peace and stability .
From the moment of Israel 's creation , successive U.S. administrations have appreciated the special bond between the U.S. and Israel .
For decades , strong , bipartisan Congressional support for Israel , including security assistance and other important measures , have been eloquent testimony to our commitment to Israel 's security , which remains unswerving .
It is the very strength of this relationship that has , in fact , made Arab - Israeli peace agreements possible , both because it convinced those who sought Israel ?s destruction to abandon any such hope and because it gave successive Israeli governments the confidence to take calculated risks for peace .
In its declaration of independence 62 years ago , Israel declared : " We extend our hand to all neighboring states and their peoples in an offer of peace and good neighborliness , and appeal to them to establish bonds of cooperation and mutual help with the sovereign Jewish people settled in its own land . "
In the decades since , despite constantly having to defend itself from attack , Israel has repeatedly made good on that pledge by offering to undertake painful risks to reach peace with its neighbors .
Our valuable bilateral relationship with Israel needs and deserves constant reinforcement .
As the Vice - President said during his recent visit to Israel : " Progress occurs in the Middle East when everyone knows there is simply no space between the U.S. and Israel when it comes to security , none .
No space . "
Steadfast American backing has helped lead to Israeli peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan .
And American involvement continues to be critical to the effort to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
We recognize that , despite the extraordinary closeness between our country and Israel , there will be differences over issues both large and small .
Our view is that such differences are best resolved quietly , in trust and confidence , as befits longstanding strategic allies .
We hope and expect that , with mutual effort and good faith , the United States and Israel will move beyond this disruption quickly , to the lasting benefit of both nations .
We believe , as President Obama said , that " Israel 's security is paramount " in our Middle East policy and that " it is in U.S. national security interests to assure that Israel ?s security as an independent Jewish state is maintained . "
In that spirit , we look forward to working with you to achieve the common objectives of the U.S. and Israel , especially regional security and peace .
Sincerely ,
STENY HOYER ERIC CANTOR
HOWARD L. BERMAN ILEANA ROS -LEHTINEN
GARY ACKERMAN DAN BURTON
Hi there .
How are you today ?
Oh , I ’m sorry to hear that .
But do n’t worry , they have pills for that sort of thing now .
Now that the niceties are out of the way , it ’s time for Show - and - Tell .
Today , I ’m going to show you une p’tite bande dessinée drawn by a friend of mine named Lea Hernandez .
I ’m not going to tell you that this is the definitive way to go in terms of chicken roasting .
It is , however , the way to go in terms of chicken roasting illustration .
I think Cook ’s Illustrated might need to take pause .
You should see what she does with bacon .
Last week at C2E2 , I was very fortunate to run into the incredibly talented and humble British author China Miéville after his spotlight presentation , which included a reading of his upcoming book Embassytown .
Aside from creating worlds that go beyond what any single genre can encompass ( in his “ asymptotic ” quest for the “ completely alien Alien ” ) , Miéville is currently slated to publish a new book every year until 2014 and is currently in talks with Marvel Comics to author a graphic novel as well .
At the same time , some fans of his work are working to produce an RPG based on Bas - Lag , the semi-fantastic setting for three of his novels ( Perdido Street Station , The Scar and Iron Council ) .
But you ca n’t find any of this information on his Tumblr .
There Miéville only posts artworks / found items he appreciates , terse observations about British politics and artistic ( either drawn or written ) renderings of his thoughts .
In my interview with Miéville , I attempted to explore the motivations behind his world - building and the RPG influences that go into his works .
Here is the result :
Read more ...
Image caption Mr Naik is seen by some as an authority on Islam
An Indian Muslim preacher has been banned from entering the UK for his " unacceptable behaviour " , the home secretary says .
Zakir Naik , a 44 - year - old television preacher , had been due to give a series of lectures in London and Sheffield .
Theresa
May said that visiting the UK was " a privilege , not a right " .
The home secretary can stop people entering the UK if she believes there is a threat to national security , public order or the safety of citizens .
That includes banning people if she believes their views glorify terrorism , promote violence or encourage other serious crime .
However , somebody cannot be banned just for having opinions that other people would find offensive .
Ms May said : " Numerous comments made by Dr Naik are evidence to me of his unacceptable behaviour .
Image caption
No entry : Theresa
May has used exclusion power for first time
" Coming to the UK is a privilege , not a right and I am not willing to allow those who might not be conducive to the public good to enter the UK .
" Exclusion powers are very serious and no decision is taken lightly or as a method of stopping open debate on issues . "
This is the first person who has been excluded from the UK since Ms May became home secretary last month .
Mr Naik is based in Mumbai ( Bombay ) where he works for the Peace TV channel .
He was due to address events at Sheffield Arena on 25 June and Wembley Arena on 26 June .
The BBC's Sanjiv Buttoo says that he is recognised as an authority on Islam but also has a reputation for making disparaging remarks about other religions .
Peace TV itself describes him as " a medical doctor by professional training ... and a dynamic international orator on Islam and comparative religion " .
" Dr Naik clarifies Islamic viewpoints and clears misconceptions about Islam using the Koran , " the channel 's website says .
A spokesman for Mr Naik said it was " deeply regrettable " the UK government had " bowed to pressure " from certain groups to exclude him .
He said Mr Naik had been holding talks in the UK for 15 years and the decision to bar his entry was disappointing .
According to Rob Chirico , author of the Field Guide to Cocktails , this iconic New Orleans cocktail dates to the 1850s , when it was served at the Sazerac Coffee House .
American whiskey eventually replaced the brandy of the original .
Rinsing the glass with absinthe gives the cocktail the right touch of herbal perfume without upsetting the balance — you can always substitute Pernod if you do n’t happen to have a bottle of absinthe .
Sip this to wash down a New Orleans - inspired dish such as our Jambalaya recipe .
For more , check out our Mardi Gras recipes .
What to buy : Peychaud ’s Bitters were created in New Orleans around 1830 by the Haitian apothecary Antoine Amédée Peychaud .
They ’re lighter , sweeter , and have a more floral aroma than angostura .
You can find them at well - stocked liquor stores .
We 've covered a fair few of the ROM hacks here on Gizmodo , which many parts of an extremely active network of hackers / Android - lovers have created .
Now though , HTC is cracking down on them , sending Conflipper 's community a cease - and - desist .
Advertisement
Conflipper has been behind a few of the most high - profile hacks , but is also particularly skilled at digging out mentions of upcoming Android phones in the developers ' code .
He gives the army of Android lovers the tools to customize their phones , but also stirs up a lot of publicity and hype for HTC 's products .
Advertisement
Nonetheless , HTC has ordered the month - old Shipped - Roms community , led by Conflipper , to " cease and desist , " taking offense to the illegally - published / copied " original art work , " meaning most probably their phones ' code .
The letter , published on Shipped - Roms , says also that it's a " serious criminal offence , " not just in the US but also the EU and " other countries where similar laws are enforced . "
Judging by the comments though , the Android community is n't going to take this one lying down , with one of them saying " HTC ( High Tech Crap ) should only thanksgiving us for fixing their crappy roms , if it wasnt for Rom Development they would sell half of their phones . "
[ Shipped - Roms via MobileCrunch via Phandroid ]
Editor 's Note : A new documentary on Proposition 8 looks at Mormon involvement with the passage of the controversial California law .
CNN Entertainment Correspondent Kareen Wynter and Producer JD Cargill bring us their report from Hollywood .
In November 2008 , one of the most expensive and controversial propositions - California ’s Prop 8 banning same - sex marriage - sparked an uproar when it passed .
Now , the battle is heating up once again in the Golden State .
A federal court judge listened to closing arguments on Wednesday , June 16 , in a landmark lawsuit questioning the constitutionality of that proposition .
A new documentary , directed by Reed Cowan , explores this divisive proposition , and the one religious group he says made the biggest impact .
The film “ 8 : The Mormon Proposition ” explores the connection between the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and Prop 8 .
It features interviews with a number of people whose lives were directly impacted by the passing of the ballot measure .
One of those people is Linda Stay , a former Mormon and mother of nine including two children who are gay .
The film showcases Stay ’s story , her sense of loss , anger and betrayal .
Now at odds with her once beloved faith and extended family , Linda has become one of most outspoken advocates for marriage equality in the country .
The documentary opens in select theaters on Friday , June 18 .
Tony Kennon , mayor of Orange Beach , Alabama , told ABC 's Robin Roberts that BP 's point man in the Gulf has n't kept all of his promises .
In millions of dollars worth of BP ads , Darryl Willis pledges to stay in the Gulf until all of the spill is cleaned up .
BP has put Willis in charge of the claims process .
" BP has got to make things right , and that 's why we 're here , " Willis says in the commercial .
But Kennon is n't a fan .
" I 've been in a meeting with Mr. Willis where he made promises and did n't follow through , " said Kennon .
" Did n't even show the courtesy to return phone calls , " Kennon complained .
" The ads are a lie with statistics .
They 're not doing anything like they 're saying or promote through these ads , " he explained .
BP is does n't need a multi-million dollar ad campaign , according to Kennon .
" I keep saying , they can save themselves $ 50 million just by doing the right thing .
If they did that , we would be , by far , their best promo .
We would send their praises to high heaven if they did the right thing , " he said .
Jill Dougherty
CNN
Turkey 's foreign minister said Tuesday that his government is " not happy " with the U.S. response to Israel 's raid on an aid flotilla carrying humanitarian goods bound for blockaded Gaza .
" We expect full solidarity from the United States , " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said before a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
" We are not happy with the U.S. statement from yesterday . "
Davutoglu called on the United States to condemn the attack , express solidarity with the families of the victims and exert pressure on Israel to free prisoners taken during the raid .
Keep Reading ...
Einstein was famous for performing what are termed " thought experiments " — hypothetical situations that illustrate the consequences of a theory — that allowed him to gain insights into the natural world without bothering to leave the confines of his own brain .
One of these experiments involved placing a subject in an elevator that is then allowed to free fall .
As far as Einstein could tell , there would be no way for the subject to tell if she was falling into the local gravity well , or simply out in space , free from gravity 's influence — this insight supposedly helped him formulate his theory of relativity .
But it turns out that this is the sort of thought experiment that might be useful to translate to reality , since building a laboratory equivalent of an elevator shaft is a whole lot easier than sending something into space .
But the sorts of physics experiments we'd like to do tend to involve large , complex , and delicate equipment that would n't take well to being dropped down an elevator shaft .
In an impressive bit of engineering , researchers in Germany have created a device that produces and monitors a Bose - Einstein condensate while being dropped down a 146 meter high shaft .
The drop shaft , located at the Center of Applied Space Technology and Microgravity in Bremen , is pictured at right in all its phallic glory .
The sample area is magnetically shielded and can have the air evacuated .
Samples dropped from the top will experience nearly five seconds at 10 - 6g before experiencing a cushy landing in an eight meter deep pool of loose polystyrene packing foam .
There 's also a catapult on the bottom for launching samples that can handle acceleration .
During their trip to the top of the shaft and back , these samples will get about nine seconds of microgravity .
But the facility is only half of the story .
Bose - Einstein condensates involve getting a large collection of bosons — in this case , rubidium atoms — into an identical energy state .
Once this is achieved , the collection of atoms acts as a single entity , described by a single wave function — in effect , a quantum mechanical system on macroscopic scales .
Unfortunately , getting a collection of atoms in a single state is only practical by putting them in a very low energy state , which means cooling them to near absolute zero .
That , in turn , requires what 's typically a large collection of lasers to cool them , and then an additional collection of hardware to monitor the Bose - Einstein condensate 's behavior .
The stunning bit of engineering here is that the research team crammed all of the requisite hardware into a 215 cm high cylinder with a diameter of 82 cm .
They were aided immensely by the development of something called an " atom chip " that has nothing to do with Intel — instead , it 's a solid state device that can spit out Bose - Einstein condensates with a minimum of fuss .
In the authors ' device , these were held to a very chilly nine nanoKelvin .
Once the condensates were in place , the device was set loose and , after a second or so , the system equilibrated to its microgravity state , after which the evolution of the quantum system was followed .
It turned out to be exquisitely sensitive to local magnetic fields generated by the apparatus itself and the vacuum pump used by the facility .
Once those factors were accounted for , the behavior of the Bose - Einstein condensate was identical to that predicted by theory within the limits of the monitoring equipment .
Although nothing of the sort appeared in this initial description of the system , one of the goals of this work is to establish a system in which we can test the relativistic behavior of a quantum system , and possibly start to identify where the boundaries between these two domains reside .
One of the more interesting effects that could be amenable to study is frame dragging , in which a massive rotating object gives the space - time in its vicinity a bit of a swirl .
The work involved in creating a compact Bose - Einstein system may also lay the foundation for sending similar hardware into space , where tests can be performed in a stable microgravity environment .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1189164 ( About DOIs ) .
Why was Staff Sgt. S. , out of all the Israel Defense Forces ' soldiers and officers , chosen to stand trial for killing two women in the Gaza Strip on January 4 , 2009 , the first day of Israel 's ground incursion there ?
The IDF killed 34 armed men that same day .
Was S. chosen because he was the only one who killed civilians ?
Should his lawyer argue that he is being scapegoated , he can safely rely on the following statistics :
The IDF also killed 80 other civilians that day - by close - range shooting , artillery fire , aerial fire and naval fire .
Among them were six women and 29 children under the age of 16 .
Just go to B'Tselem 's website and read the list : a 7 - year - old boy , a 1 - year - old girl , another 1 - year - old girl , a 3 - year - old boy , a 13 - year - old girl .
Open gallery view A cloud of smoke billows over Gaza after an Israel Defense Forces strike during the 2009 war .
Credit : AP / Archive
B'Tselem is careful to differentiate between Palestinians who " took part in the hostilities " and Palestinians who " did not take part in the hostilities . "
Its list of fatalities states : " Farah Amar Fuad al - Hilu , 1 - year - old resident of Gaza City , killed on 04.01.2009 in Gaza City , by live ammunition .
Did not participate in hostilities .
Additional information : Killed while she fled from her house with her family after her grandfather ( Fuad al - Hilu , 62 ) was shot by soldiers who entered the house . "
The grandfather also did not participate in hostilities .
Or perhaps S. was chosen because Riyeh Abu Hajaj , 64 , and Majda Abu Hajaj , 37 , a mother and daughter , were the only ones killed while carrying a white flag that January 4 ?
No. Matar , 17 , and Mohammed , 16 , were also killed .
They were shot from an IDF position in a nearby house as they pushed a cart carrying the wounded and dead of the Abu Halima family , who were hit by a white phosphorous bomb that penetrated their home in northern Beit Lahiya .
Five members of the family were killed on the spot , including a 1 - year - old girl .
Another young woman would die of her injuries a few weeks later .
The news that Staff Sgt. S. would stand trial created something of a stir - for a day .
The military advocate general was praised .
So was B'Tselem , and rightly so , for giving the army testimony about the Abu Hajaj killings that its field investigators , Palestinian residents of Gaza , had gathered .
Palestinian organizations gathered similar material , while Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch both published detailed reports about slain civilians .
Everything is accessible on their websites .
But we in Israel do not believe the gentiles , so let us focus only on B'Tselem .
B'Tselem also gave the army dozens of statements about the killing of other civilians who " did not take part in the hostilities . "
So why was Staff Sgt. S. chosen , rather than any of the others ?
Did someone from his unit violate the code of solidarity among soldiers for the sake of a higher code ?
This is indeed most likely to happen in the ground forces :
All the witnesses who spoke to Breaking the Silence activists - i.e. , those who were shaken by something that happened - came from the ground troops ; they were the ones who saw the destruction , and the human beings , with their own eyes .
" The amount of destruction there was incomprehensible , " said one soldier .
" You go through the neighborhoods there and you can't identify anything .
No stone is left unturned .
You see rows of fields , hothouses , orchards , and it 's all in ruins .
Everything is completely destroyed .
You see a pink room with a poster of Barbie , and a shell that went through a meter and a half below it . "
But the breakdown of casualties shows that those killed by direct fire - where the soldier who shoots sees those he is shooting with his own eyes - are a tiny minority .
At the request of Haaretz , the Al Mezan Center for Human Rights in Gaza analyzed the breakdown of casualties according to the type of fire .
It found that 80 were killed by rifle fire , 13 by machine guns and 134 by artillery fire .
It is unclear whether the 11 killed by flechette shells ( shells filled with metal darts ) are or are not included in the latter figure .
Undoubtedly , these are estimates , with margins of error .
Around 1,400 Palestinians were killed in Operation Cast Lead ; at least 1,000 - most of them civilians - were killed from the air , by bombs dropped from planes or missiles fired from other airborne vehicles .
To the soldiers responsible for the launches , they looked like characters prancing around on a computer screen .
B'Tselem and Haaretz , as well as the gentile organizations that need not be considered , all documented incidents of aerial killing .
The IDF acknowledged two errors ( the killing of 22 members of the a - Diya family in Zeitun with a single bomb , and the killing of seven people who were removing oxygen tanks from a metalworking shop , which on the computer screens looked like Grad missiles ) .
" One characteristic of the recent IDF attack on Gaza is the large number of families that lost many members at one stroke , most of them in their homes , during Israeli bombings : Ba'alousha , Bannar , Sultan , Abu Halima , Salha , Barbakh , Shurrab , Abu Eisha , Ghayan , al - Najjar , Abed - Rabo , Azzam , Jebara , El Astel , Haddad , Quran , Nasser , al - Alul , Dib , Samouni , " Haaretz wrote in February 2009 .
Are there no sergeants involved in those cases who ought to be investigated ?
Or is it that in these cases , an investigation would have to target people of higher rank than a mere staff sergeant ?
The disclosure that Staff Sgt. S. will be tried created something of a stir .
The military advocate general won praise .
But S.'s attorney will rightly ask :
Out of all the testimonies and reports , he is the only one you found ?
And what of the commanders ' attitudes , as described by those interviewed by Breaking the Silence : " When the company commander and the battalion commander tell you ' yalla , shoot , ' soldiers will not restrain themselves .
They wait for this day - to have the fun of shooting and feeling the power in your hands . "
What of the battalion commander 's speech " the night before the ground incursion " : " He said that it 's not going to be easy .
He defined the goals of the operation : 2,000 dead terrorists . "
And if this was the operation 's objective , perhaps we should investigate the supreme commander - Defense Minister Ehud Barak - about the gap between the objective and the result ?
Exactly one year ago today , the First Marine Expeditionary Force in Iraq signed off on an " urgent operational need " for an airborne tactical laser that could , in the words of the formal request , create " instantaneous burst - combustion of insurgent clothing , a rapid death through violent trauma , and more probably a morbid combination of both . "
Although the request is based on the technology of the Advanced Tactical Laser , a chemical laser integrated on an AC - 130 gunship , the request suggests that a laser weapon could eventually be put on other aircraft , such as drones or , as the picture shows , the V - 22 Osprey tiltrotor craft .
( Photoshop can quickly solve all engineering challenges . )
According to the Marines ' laser request , obtained by DANGER ROOM , this so - called Precision Airborne Standoff Directed Energy Weapon ( PASDEW ) would n't just be an improved killed machine .
It would also have particularly devastating psychological effects .
Such weapons , when used against people , " can be compared to long range blow torches or precision flame throwers , with corresponding psychological advantages for [ Coalition Forces ] CF . "
In other words , the lasers do n't just kill people , but they kill people in really gruesome , frightening ways – particularly because the beam from such weapons , like the Advanced Tactical Laser , is invisible to the human eye .
That means you could have three guys standing around , and one of them suddenly burst into flames .
For context , this is one of a multitude of requests for high - tech
( and sometimes sci - fi tech ) that came out of 1 MEF .
Other requests included exoskeletons , self - aware robots , and , of course , the now popular Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the Marines do n't yet have this incredible capability .
If the Marines could have such a weapon , however , what would be the big deal ?
In other words , why not just use an old - fashioned gunship to take them out ?
Well , for one , lasers are more precise .
And as this request notes , the sort of sudden , nasty death that a laser would cause has certain advantages for the U.S. military :
A precision engagement of a PID insurgent by a DEW will be a highly surgical and impressively violent event .
Target effects will include instantaneous burst - combustion of insurgent clothing , a rapid death through violent trauma , and more probably a morbid combination of both .
It is estimated that the aftermath of a sub- second engagement by PASDEW will also be an observable event leaving an impression of of terrifyingly precise CF attribution in the minds of all witnesses .
The PASDEW capability will give CF an asymmetric psychological edge over the insurgency .
It is a lethal capability they cannot readily counter and will not fully comprehend , particularly as the DEW is invisible to the unaided eye and the aircraft can engage from significant stand off .
For all witnesses , it will be perceived that overt insurgency participation in the MNF - W AOR is less attractive due to the terrifying potential consequences .
Sounds nasty , right ?
But , I doubt there 's going to be videos of laser - induced exploding insurgents anytime soon .
The Advanced Tactical laser , on which this request is based , had n't even reached battlefield - strength threshold of 100 kilowatts as of this summer ( the exact number is considered classified ) .
As one senior Air Force official told me earlier this year : " The laser ’s not powerful enough to do very much .
It ’s not powerful enough to deliver the effects you need . "
Right now , the service regards it as a testbed .
A good testbed , but still just a testbed .
When I interviewed a Boeing official earlier this year , I was told that the company was n't going to have the actual chemical laser integrated on the plane till the end of the year ( they had been using a low - power proxy laser during beam control tests ) .
Moreover , Boeing at the time noted that the military was concerned about forward basing a chemical laser .
In other words , sending the laser to Iraq integrated on a C - 130 ( let alone the V - 22 pictured above ) is not likely to happen anytime soon .
So what is TILT or Toxicant - Induced Loss of Tolerance ...
What can spark TILT ?
Dr. Claudia Miller , Assistant Dean and Professor at the University of Texas School of Medicine , San Antonio , is an expert in allergy / immunology and environmental health .
She has devised and tested the Quick Environmental Exposure and Sensitivity Inventory , aptly nicknamed QEESI , to help researchers , doctors and patients identify their intolerances .
The exposure to the oil has triggered this awful reaction by workers who have had inadequate protection from the oil and are working in awful conditions but are relying on this work since they are unable to do what they used to do such as shrimp , etc .
This is their life line and it 's making them sick .
And now with the lack of safety gear by workers cleaning up this nightmare there can only be more illness and it will only slow down further clean up .
This is the bonus for the little pay they get and the terrible conditions .
The clean up process has been plagued by a shortage of proper safety supplies for workers .
MOBILE , Ala . –
As countless tar balls washed ashore on a beach along Alabama 's Gulf Coast , cleanup workers sat and watched because they did n't have the proper plastic covers to protect their shoes .
Elsewhere , a crew using shovels and garden rakes worked for hours on a long stretch of sand that a machine could have cleaned in minutes .
Almost two months after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico , shortages of government - required protective gear and cleaning equipment are slowing work to remove the sticky mess and keep beaches and marshes along the Gulf Coast safe and oil - free .
BP says it 's doing all it can to keep supplies stocked and has had to turn to foreign companies for help .
But with demand so high for everything from plastic gloves , to oil - blocking booms and sand - sifting machines , finding enough items to outfit workers and protect the coast is an unending task .
As the oil first stained the Alabama coast , officials say some people hired to pick up tar balls off the sand could n't lift a finger because they did n't have the bright yellow boot covers that have since become ubiquitous on the beach .
The workers eventually got the booties , and now , it sometimes seems like there are more of them on the sand than bare feet .
Keith Olbermann had a piece on TILT on his show just yesterday .
Toxicant - Induced Loss of Tolerance is also known as Multiple Chemical Sensitivity .
This is serious , this will be a lifelong issue for many of those cleaning up this mess and there is not enough money in the world to make this right for them .
So many Victims and so much lost .
What are the symptoms ?
The possible list of symptoms of Multiple Chemical Sensitivity is almost endless - varies from one patient to the next .
Also worthy of mention here is the fact that there is no sharp demarcation between the symptoms of MCS and those of ME / CFS / CFIDS / PVFS ( myalgic encephalomyelitis - chronic fatigue ) , but that most sufferers of MCS complain of at least several of the following :
burning , stinging eyes
wheezing , breathlessness nausea
extreme fatigue / lethargy
headache / migraine/vertigo/dizziness
poor memory & concentration
runny nose ( rhinitis )
sore throat , cough
sinus problems
skin rashes and / or itching skin
sensitivity to light & noise
sleeping problems
digestive upset
muscle & joint pain .
How does it start ?
Looking at the “ toxic chemical ” route first , this is often a single gross exposure or repeated exposures to one toxin which thereafter produces a true allergic reaction on repeated exposure to the same toxin .
This is a true allergy otherwise known as “ sensitization ” .
This toxin ( excitant ) could be one chemical , for example , formaldehyde , or one material , for example , wood dust .
Other common triggers are listed above - and in our alphabetical trigger list - & the possibilities are endless – a new brand of cosmetics , for example , could be the culprit .
So , you see , the chemical culprit in this case could be anything from the oil itself to the large quantities of dispersants used in the ocean to the toxic mix of both , but these workers are being exposed to chemicals that are doing a vast amount of damage to their bodies , their immune systems and their ability to thrive .
And then what happens ?
It destroys your immune system and can lead to diseases like I have , such as Rheumatoid Arthritis or other issues that are so varied and that can attack different systems in your body .
It 's devastating .
This is the byproduct of pesticides , chemicals and oil spills in this case , workers cleaning up an oil spill without the proper protection .
And it was reported today , Oil Spill Forces Animals To Flee To Shallow Water Off Coast , Scientists Warn Of ' Mass Die - Off ' .
Dolphins and sharks are showing up in surprisingly shallow water just off the Florida coast .
Mullets , crabs , rays and small fish congregate by the thousands off an Alabama pier .
Birds covered in oil are crawling deep into marshes , never to be seen again .
Marine scientists studying the effects of the BP disaster are seeing some strange phenomena .
Fish and other wildlife seem to be fleeing the oil out in the Gulf and clustering in cleaner waters along the coast in a trend that some researchers see as a potentially troubling sign .
The animals ' presence close to shore means their usual habitat is badly polluted , and the crowding could result in mass die - offs as fish run out of oxygen .
Also , the animals could easily be devoured by predators .
" A parallel would be :
Why are the wildlife running to the edge of a forest on fire ?
There will be a lot of fish , sharks , turtles trying to get out of this water they detect is not suitable , " said Larry Crowder , a Duke University marine biologist .
People are getting sick , eleven have already died and so many animals are dying and attempting to escape the chemicals and oil for their very lives .
And we argue .
Do something .
I wrote a diary yesterday about the possible return of commercial whaling to the world 's oceans , Reinventing the Whale - The Real Reason for Reviving Commercial Whaling .
Do something positive tomorrow .
Take action and do something that we can prevent from happening now .
I know you are angry , I 'm angry , and sad and this is not lost , we have so many battles to fight .
But I 'm asking you to help the Whales .
And help these workers and for us to do something now .
Here are some excerpts from the diary ...
The Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society released a new report today that outlines why whaling Countries are pushing for open commercial whaling and it's not innocuous nor is it about culture or sustainability .
And we can not allow it .
Reinventing the Whale – released today reveals the real reason behind the whaling nations desire to lift the whaling moratorium – they have long - term plans to develop new commercial applications for whale oil including in pharmaceuticals and animal feed .
...
And then of course , the question for me is , how can we say this is humane killing ?
In the US , factory farming has killing standards for animals ( which are often found to be broken , but we have rules none - the - less and have even passed laws , such as Prop 2 in California , Prevention of Farm Animal Cruelty Act ) .
But if you have the stomach to watch this , Whale Wars filmed the killing of a minke whale by the Japanese whaling fleet that took a half hour for this poor animal to die .
And they chased it with another whale for who knows how long , sixteen knots at see , chasing this animal and then harpooning it in the head , pulling her to the side of the boat and shooting it with a rifle , over and over until it finally died .
What is not cruel about this ?
Please call President Obama , your Senators and let them know they we do not support lifting the ban on Commercial whaling for any reason .
" I am asking President Obama to vote against lifting the ban on commercial whaling next week in Morocco " .
White House ( 202)456-1111 .
Get the eKos widget code !
an important ruling by Iceland 's Supreme Court .
It regards loans which were disbursed in Icelandic kronur but linked to either Swiss francs or the Japanese yen ; the court has now ruled that the indexing is illegal , and that the borrowers need only to repay the loans at their initial interest rate in kronur . " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
How many times can Iceland ’s banks fail ?
More than once , it would seem , in the wake of an important ruling by Iceland ’s Supreme Court .
It regards loans which were disbursed in Icelandic kronur but linked to either Swiss francs or the Japanese yen ; the court has now ruled that the indexing is illegal , and that the borrowers need only to repay the loans at their initial interest rate in kronur .
The decision is popular in Iceland , as you might expect : these loans were in many cases the only ones available for big - ticket items like cars , and attempts to defend the banks tend to fall on deaf ears .
Here ’s Alda Sigmundsdottir :
It is interesting to me that these comments come pretty much exclusively from outside Iceland .
I have not heard one single Icelander express this opinion .
Personally , I strongly disagree with this view .
I did not take out a currency basket loan and have not been subject to the same nightmare as those who did ; however , not for a moment do I begrudge those people this ruling , even if it means I have to carry some of that cost indirectly and even though I still have my mortgage , which is indexed to the rate of inflation , and for which there appears to be no correction in sight , unlike that for the currency basket loans .
It ’s important to note here that Iceland ’s big three ( new ) banks are now owned by the creditors of the big three ( old ) banks , including RBS , Credit Agricole , and Deka .
So the first - order effects of this judgment are that Icelandic citizens are the winners , while foreign banks are the losers .
In the wake of a financial crisis like the one Iceland has just seen , it ’s hard to argue with that kind of calculus .
Of course , it ’s never exactly a good thing for a nation ’s banks to become insolvent , although Iceland ’s politicians do n’t seem to be able to say even that these days .
The result is something close to chaos .
A correspondent in the Icelandic financial industry emails me :
The central bank governor has come under a lot of pressure after stating the blindingly obvious yesterday that if the foreign loans are “ rewound ” back to the original amount then the banks will be in big trouble .
The minister of economic affairs ( who is incidentally not a politician but a former econ / business professor ) is allegedly under a lot of pressure as well and might be replaced after agreeing with the CB governor .
Apparently they are n’t agreeing enough with the public who are somewhere between the “ let the banks burn ” department and the aisle of “ everyone in charge hates the public ” .
At the same time people have n’t really given any thought to the fact that when the consumer protection agency was asked why it had n’t looked into the possibility of illegality at the time of origination they claim that people were n’t complaining at the time , they were happy with these loans so nothing was done .
The latest move came this morning from the “ Association of creditors ” who advised people to withdraw their deposits from the banks before the CB governor and minister of banking ’s predictions materialized .
The connection between an association of people who took loans and people who have deposits has n’t yet been explained .
Among all the turbulence the one thing that you can predict with some conviction is that comments made by any lobby group , politician , or “ public ” figure is going to be both baffling and flawed .
Looks like the road to recovery is going to be a long one .
It ’s pretty irresponsible to advocate for a bank run — although since there are only really three banks in Iceland , it ’s not obvious what depositors are supposed to do with their money after they ’ve withdrawn it .
Buy lots of smoked fish and store it in the garden shed , perhaps ?
What ’s abundantly clear is that Iceland ’s banks have failed it to the point at which they have lost the trust of the public — and that the government , including the judiciary , is doing a good job of representing the will of the people .
Given that state of affairs , which seems unlikely to change , the problems facing the Icelandic economy are even greater than many think : it ’s hard for economies to grow when they have a dysfunctional banking system lacking basic trust in institutions .
Especially when no one seems to be expending any effort on finding a solution to that problem .
Thom Yorke has been announced as one of the main acts for this year 's Big Chill festival .
The Radiohead frontman will be performing as a solo artist for his only festival appearance this summer .
Massive Attack and MIA will also be playing the three - day festival in Herefordshire , alongside Tinariwen , Metronomy and Andrew Weatherall .
But there was bad news for tickets holders to Glade , the event has been cancelled due to what organisers describe as an " unexpected forced increase in security and police costs as well as a level of advanced ticket sales below expectations " .
However , anyone who has purchased a full - price ticket for Glade through Ticketline can attend the Big Chill instead .
Glade , which was due to take place in July , was set to feature live performances from Orbital , Simian Mobile Disco and Delphic .
The Big Chill is held at Eastnor Castle Deer Park , Herefordshire , between 5 - 8 August .
The event will also feature Tate Britain 's Rude Britannia as part of its varied arts programme .
Full lineup details can be found at their website .
The Guardian is the official media partner of the Big Chill .
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
Contact : 202-282-8010
DHS performs 100 percent watchlist matching for domestic flights
Washington , D.C. — Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary Janet Napolitano today announced that 100 percent of passengers traveling within the United States and its territories are now being checked against terrorist watchlists through the Transportation Security Administration 's ( TSA ) Secure Flight program — a major step in fulfilling a key 9/11 Commission recommendation .
Before Secure Flight , airlines conducted passenger watchlist checking .
“ Secure Flight fulfills a key recommendation of the of the 9/11 Commission Report , enabling TSA to screen passengers directly against government watchlists using passenger name , date of birth , and gender before a boarding pass is issued , ” said Secretary Napolitano .
“ This program is one of our many layers of security — coordinated with our partners in the airline industry and governments around the world — that we leverage to protect the traveling public against threats of terrorism . ”
Under Secure Flight , TSA prescreens passenger name , date of birth and gender against government watchlists for domestic and international flights .
In addition to facilitating secure travel for all passengers , the program helps prevent the misidentification of passengers who have names similar to individuals on government watchlists .
“ We are quite pleased to see the positive outcome from the collaborative work that ATA , its member airlines and TSA have invested in the development of the Secure Flight program , ” said Air Transport Association ( ATA ) President and CEO James C. May .
“ We are especially pleased that TSA phased program implementation to ensure that commercial airline travelers experience a seamless transition . ”
99 percent of passengers will be cleared by Secure Flight to print boarding passes at home by providing their date of birth , gender and name as it appears on the government ID they plan to use when traveling when booking airline tickets .
Individuals found to match watchlist parameters will be subjected to secondary screening , a law enforcement interview or prohibition from boarding an aircraft , depending on the specific case .
The Transportation Security Administration began implementing Secure Flight in late 2009 and expects all international carriers with direct flights to the U.S. to begin using Secure Flight by the end of 2010 .
###
Artist : Danzig
Title : Deth Red Sabaoth
Release date : June 22
Label : The End / Evilive
On Danzig 's new record , Glenn Danzig sounds like Waylon Jennings trying to pass a kidney stone .
The guy turns 55 years old on Wednesday , so I was n't exactly expecting him to sound like vintage Danzig , but listening to him howl and wail on Deth Red Sabaoth was no easy task .
The press notes for this record touted Danzig and crew 's unwillingness to make music " that 's done with computer chips . "
Seems to me studio technology could have done wonders with Glenn 's voice , which , at one point , was one of the best in rock ' n ' roll .
This is a long and mostly tiresome record that offers few surprises and even fewer good songs .
But fans of guitar - shredding will likely enjoy the work of Tommy Victor , a longtime Danzig collaborator who offers nearly all the highlights that this record has to offer .
" The Revengeful " has a sufficiently nasty Sabbath - esque riff and a catchy chorus , and " On a Wicked Night " would not sound out of place on one of Danzig 's Clinton - era records .
Beyond that , it 's more of the same stuff Danzig 's been doing for 30 - some years -- just not as good .
The low point is the track " Black Candy , " in which Glenn repeats over and over , " It 's so hard to find black candy . "
That sentiment is n't even true , in either the metaphorical or literal sense .
At this point , I just have a hard time taking Danzig seriously .
After all , he 's been bordering on self - parody since even before The Misfits broke up in the early 1980s .
You can hear some of the new Danzig songs here
Best song : " On a Wicked Night "
Rotation : Low
Deja vu : Sludge
I 'd rather listen to : The Misfits ' Static
Age , which may be the best record to ever come out of New Jersey .
It 's certainly one of the best American punk records and easily is the best Misfits record .
Grade : D
" Nothing Not New " is a yearlong project in which New Times editorial operations manager Jay Bennett , a 41 - year - old music fan and musician , will listen only to music released in 2010 .
Each Monday through Friday , he will listen to one new record ( no best ofs , reissues , or concert recordings ) and write about it .
Why ?
Because in the words of his editor , Martin Cizmar , he suffers from " aesthetic atrophy , " a wasting away of one 's ability to embrace new and different music as one ages .
Read more about this all - too - common ailment here .
The " Nothing Not New " Archives
JOHANNESBURG --
Police say a South African man who wanted to watch a World Cup match instead of a religious program was beaten to death by his family in the northeastern part of the country .
David Makoeya , a 61 - year - old man from the small village of Makweya , Limpopo province , fought with his wife and two children for the remote control on Sunday because he wanted to watch Germany play Australia in the World Cup .
The others , however , wanted to watch a gospel show .
“ He said , ‘ No , I want to watch soccer , ’ ” police spokesman Mothemane Malefo said Thursday .
“ That is when the argument came about .
“ In that argument , they started assaulting him . ”
Malefo said Makoeya got up to change the channel by hand after being refused the remote control and was attacked by his 68 - year - old wife Francina and two children , 36 - year - old son Collin and 23 - year - old daughter Lebogang .
Malefo said he was not sure what the family used to kill Makoeya .
“ It appears they banged his head against the wall , ” Malefo said .
“ They phoned the police only after he was badly injured , but by the time the police arrived the man was already dead . ”
All three were arrested Sunday night , but Lebogang was released on $ 200 bail Tuesday , Malefo said .
The other two are still being held in custody .
Malefo said the mother and son will reappear in the local Seshego Magistrates Court on July 27 .
“ He was always a happy man , never violent , ” Makoeya ’s nieces , Miriam and Anna , told the Daily Sun newspaper .
“ On Saturday , we saw him the last time at a funeral . ”
The World Cup , being played in Africa for the first time , started Friday and runs through July 11 .
Although most the tickets for the 64 - game tournament have been sold , many in South Africa are too poor to attend matches .
The seemingly infinite number of vintage record jackets that convey their message with only simple shapes and typography never cease to amaze us .
Project
Thirty - Three is our personal collection and shrine to circles and dots squares and rectangles , and triangles , and the designers that make these shapes come to life on album covers .
This site was created and is maintained by Jive Time Records , a Seattle - based store specializing in used vinyl .
Visit our other record related galleries here .
Jive Time Records buys and sells quality used records in Seattle .
Learn more
Image caption Will New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg be concerned about his email address being revealed ?
The US telephone company AT&T has blocked access to a website feature that revealed details of at least 114,000 iPad users ' e-mail addresses .
Contact details for a range of high - profile figures , including White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel are believed to be among those disclosed .
Hackers calling themselves Goatse Security revealed the flaw and shared the data with Gawker Media .
Experts played down the risks , saying little critical data had been lost .
AT&T , which is the only network offering iPad 3G services in the United States , said it would notify all iPad users whose e-mail adresses may have been accessed .
Whilst this breach is serious for having occurred , there does not seem to be any national security risk arising as a result Paul Ducklin , Sophos
" We take customer privacy very seriously and while we have fixed this problem , we apologize to our customers who were impacted , " the company said in a statement .
The vulnerability only involved iPad users who had signed up for AT&T's 3G wireless service .
iPad users outside of the US were unaffected .
Site bombarded
The breach involved a feature of AT&T 's website , which would prompt users when they tried to log in to their AT&T accounts through their iPad .
The site would supply e-mail addresses for users , to enable easier log - in , based on a unique code stored in their iPad SIM card .
The hacker group which claims to have discovered the flaw simply bombarded the site with thousands of requests with made up codes , masquerading as valid requests from iPads .
Gawker Media , which has seen the list of e-mail addresses said it " includes thousands of A - listers in finance , politics and media , from New York Times Co. CEO Janet Robinson to Diane Sawyer of ABC News to film mogul Harvey Weinstein to Mayor Michael Bloomberg " .
A representative for Goatse Security told the Associated Press that the group contacted AT&T and waited until the vulnerability was fixed before going public .
But AT&T said that it was alerted to the problem by a business customer .
Risk of attack
One concern raised by security experts is that cybercriminals might mount so - called phishing attacks .
They could theoretically create genuine - looking e-mails in the knowledge that individuals are iPad users and customers of AT&T , thereby tricking some into revealing further more useful confidential details .
But if you know the organisation somebody works for , e-mail addresses are often also quite easy to guess , so the value of the e-mail address data has been questioned .
Paul Ducklin , a technology expert from security firm Sophos , also pointed out in a blog entry : " Your e-mail address is revealed on the internet every time you use it to send e-mail .
" Whilst this breach is serious for having occurred , there does not seem to be any national security risk arising as a result , whether White House staffers were involved or not . "
“ Jihad , Crips , extreme animal - rights activists , itâ€™s all the same , ” Says Homeland Security Official
Last week a Philadelphia appellate court announced ( after months of silence ) that it would not revisit the conviction of animal rights activists on terrorism charges .
The SHAC 7 were convicted of conspiring to commit animal enterprise terrorism by running a controversial website that posted news of both legal and illegal actions , along with personal information of people connected to the notorious animal testing lab Huntingdon Life Sciences .
Their campaign had brought the multinational corporation near bankruptcy .
A three - judge panel of the court had previously upheld the conviction , and the defendants had asked that the full court review it .
Now , the only option is to request that the Supreme Court of the United States review the case .
There has been no official word about this yet , but multiple defendants have expressed their interest and having this landmark First Amendment case heard by the Supreme Court .
Meanwhile , the lead prosecutor who helped secure this “ victory in the War on Terrorism ” has– surprise , surprise– been promoted .
Charles McKenna is now the head of the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness .
He was quoted a few days ago about his hopes for using new “ anti- terrorism technology ” in his new job .
“ We are particularly interested in computer profiling , which is much more sophisticated , and quicker , than traditional racial profiling , ” he said .
The targets of this new profiling technology ?
“ Jihad , Crips , extreme animal - rights activists , itâ€™s all the same : people trying damage the system , ” added McKenna .
“ We need every trick in the book to avert disaster . ”
As you can see in this photo , the SHAC 7 are quite gangsta .
But no reasonable person could argue that they are the “ same ” as violent street gangs and Islamic terrorists .
Such absurd scare - mongering rhetoric has become normal for corporations , industry groups , and the politicians who represent them .
When it is adopted by government officials who are in charge of keeping us safe , though , it has frightening implications .
There are limited anti-terrorism and law enforcement resources .
When people like McKenna let shameless political opportunism shape security priorities ( and make no mistake , this is nothing but political opportunism–he has already been rewarded for defending the “ system ” from activists ) , it puts everyone at risk .
Why Strain When You Can Relax Under the Sun ?
The Bike That Is Actually A Computer
With the fear global warming taking over the minds of Americans everywhere , it ’s no wonder that bicycles have gone through a renaissance in the last decade .
True to form , the bike renaissance comes with a lot of innovations to make our old two - wheeled cycles safer , faster and cooler than ever .
Some of these bikes are really futuristic advances , while others are just plain cool , whichever you prefer , there ’s plenty to see here .
The Cycle Sol prototype may look a little strange , but its solar - charged battery makes it an inspiring piece of machinery .
Soaking up the sun help to charge the battery , which can help push the bike to speeds up to 15 MPH .
Its greatest attribute though may be the convenient push you ’ll feel when tackling tedious hills .
Also a plus , if it is left in the garage or used on a cloudy day , you can still plug it into an outlet to get the full battery charge you need to get moving .
Is the Shweeb the Next Schwinn ?
Dissecting the Attraction of the Di-Cycle
Speed And Safety : Together At Last
Why Snowboard When You Can Bike Sideways ?
The World ’s Cheapest Bike
The Nothing Bike
The Relaxed Minimalist Design
Row Row Row Your Bike
Talk about a bike of the future .
This stream - lined prototype incorporates an on - board computer that can help count the calories you burn , play music and serve as an unbreakable lock .
It was designed by Gold Medalist Chris Boardman , who believes his creation could be an everyday product within the next twenty years .
Similar to the Cycle Sol , this bike will also have a solar - powered battery to help you out when you ’re tired of pedaling .
If you ’re wondering how a bike computer could incorporate an unbreakable lock , it ’s all through the magic of fingerprint identification .
Of course , if the bikes are considered valuable enough , then you may run the risk of losing your digit all together when some really motivated thieves approach you –a fate that has already befallen one iPad user http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/standard/article-23730599-cycle-champion-chris-boardman-reveals-intelligent-wheels-of-the-future.doOne of the biggest drawbacks to cycling is the danger inherent with sharing the road with vehicles .
The Shweeb individual monorail system eliminates this problem and gives you the safety and serenity only possible in your own personal bubble .
The company working to make these mini-monorail systems a part of your daily commute claims they are “ a personal , efficient , and cost - effective transport solution with applications for urban commuting , recreational and fitness markets .
” If the classic bicycle design of two wheels in line with your body is just too outdated for you , then perhaps the Di-Cycle ’s two side wheels are more your style .
Perhaps the coolest advantage of the Di-Cycle though is its ability to operate on both land and water .
The Hyperbike may not ride on water like the Dicycle does , but its massive side wheels are instead designed to help protect you in the event of an accident .
Also nice , its design , which includes both feet and hand pedals allows you to travel at speeds up to 50 MPH .
On the other hand , if you ’d prefer to sit on your bike sideways while it moves to the front , then perhaps the Sideways Bike is more to your liking .
Inspired by snowboarding , this one allows you to sit and pedal while facing sideways and then to look to your left or right while steering .
I ’d be terrified to ride this next to the road , but maybe that ’s just me .
If money is your main concern , then this handy $ 30 bicycle might be more in your price range .
It ’s cool , it ’s collapsible , it ’s recyclable , and not to worry , it is water proof .
The inventor claims that one of the biggest advantages though is the fact that it will probably not get stolen .
On the downside , it does n’t go very fast and if you bike regularly , you ’ll need to replace it every six months or so .
When you ’re looking for something a little more flashy , but just as bare - boned as a cardboard bike , the Nulla minimalist bike is a great choice .
It ’s spokeless , stylish and light , as it is stripped of all non-essential components .
The name Nulla even translates to “ nothing ” in Italian , which means it ’s also a perfect ride for any existentialists out there .
Minimalists who prefer recumbent cycles are likely to find this spokeless cycle , created by designer Mathew Zurlinden , to offer many of the same advantages as the Nulla , only with the critical difference in the rider ’s body position .
http://www.coroflot.com/public/individual_file.asp?specialty=4&is_featured=-1&c=1&portfolio_id=813629&individual_id=94738If you were on your college rowing team or if you are simply much more muscular on the top half of your body , then why not row your bike home ?
Unlike a regular bicycle , even a standard hand - operated bike , this one is not powered by rotating pedals , but instead through pushing and pulling the handle bars .
Using it can burn up to 850 calories per hour and it ’s supposedly easier on your joints than a standard bike .
Now it ’s your turn readers .
I ’m sure many of you have seen some cool and crazy bikes in your time .
Feel free to share them in the comments .
Also , which of these designs would you prefer ?
Caitlin Long is part of the senior management of Morgan Stanley .
She takes a long hard look at the US economy .
If you are not that economically minded , you can just read the green strap lines on each page and on page 22 the recommendations as to what you should do with the upcoming mother of all economic corrections , some suggestions you may find beneficial to your private life and wealth management as well .
She shows how the major nations ’ inter-indebtedness , and their particular reliance on the US dollar to finance sovereign debt , will more than likely lead to only one policy conclusion : monetise the debt .
Oh happy days .
The work is of very good quality , enjoy the read .
Download the report here .
Researchers at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center have found a way to use a radical new type of gene therapy to prevent blindness caused by retinitis pigmentosa , giving hope to the estimated 100,000 Americans who suffer from this debilitating disease .
The study appears in the Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) .
The research , led by Muna Naash , Ph.D. , at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center , with collaborators in Cleveland and Buffalo , discovered a way to deliver known gene therapies directly to the light - sensitive cells affected by this disease .
The discovery already is being used to develop new treatments for another disease - macular degeneration , the leading cause of blindness in the United States .
Muna Naash , Ph.D. , principal investigator , Robert Leonard , M.D. , Dean McGee Eye Institute , and patient Tracie Harris , Oklahoma City , talk about Dr. Naash 's breakthrough work to prevent blindness .
Credit : University Hospitals Authority and Trust
" I am thrilled about it .
That 's why we have been working so hard to get this as quickly as possible through the necessary experiments , so we can publish our findings and take it out to the patients , " Naash said .
" We hope the results of our study will be instrumental in generating a cure for the debilitating blindness associated with retinitis pigmentosa and other inherited and acquired retinal diseases .
We want to give Oklahomans and others suffering from these diseases renewed independence and quality of life . "
Utilizing nanoparticle technology , scientists created a microscopic capsule capable of carrying genetic therapies to their destination inside cells of the retina .
The tiny delivery vehicle is being tested with a variety of gene therapies in animal models with the potential of treating several diseases from bladder cancer to diabetes .
The capsules have proven very effective , carrying therapies to the designated location in the eye within 15 minutes of delivery and spreading the genetic repair message quickly to nearby cells .
" This is an incredible breakthrough in terms of being able to treat with gene therapy , " said Robert E. Leonard , M.D. , an ophthalmologist at the Dean McGee Eye Institute .
" Outside of gene therapy , we are at a loss to be able to treat these patients , so this is incredibly important research .
It 's breathtaking , very exciting . "
Explore further Making the blind see :
Gene therapy restores vision in mice
Provided by University of Oklahoma
Wulff : Ein Missionar auf dem Weg nach Bellevue ?
Silvio Duwe
Christian Wulff pflegt Kontakte zu religiösen Eiferern vom rechten Rand - und befindet sich damit in bester Gesellschaft
Mit der Nominierung Christian Wulffs als Kandidaten für das
Amt des Bundespräsidenten haben sich die Spitzen von Union und FDP auf einen farblosen Parteisoldaten und Karrieristen geeinigt , so schreiben selten einmütig die Kommentatoren .
Eine glatte Fehleinschätzung , denn Christian Wulff ist offenbar ein Politiker mit einer Mission : Er ist Mitglied im Kuratorium von ProChrist , einem evangelikalen Verein , der mit Massenevangelisationen " Jesus bekannt " machen will .
Zudem fiel Wulff kurz vor seiner Nominierung zum Bundespräsidentenkandidaten mit einer Rede vor dem Arbeitskreis Christlicher Publizisten ( ACP ) auf .
Für den Sektenbeauftragten der evangelisch - württembergischen Landeskirche Hansjörg Hemminger ist die Zeitschrift des ACP " ein Vermittlungsorgan für Extremismus und Fanatismus aus der rechten Ecke , aber auch aus dem Kreis der Sektierer " .
Der ACP stelle die Verfassung praktisch ständig in Frage .
War Wulffs Abstecher zum ACP ein Fehltritt ?
Wohl kaum , wie Recherchen von Telepolis zeigen .
Doch mit seiner
Nähe zu christlichen Fundamentalisten ist Wulff nicht allein .
Wer die Zeitschrift des ACP , die ACP - Informationen , aufschlägt , findet sich in einer anderen Welt wieder , an der die Säkularisierung vorbeigegangen scheint .
Hier zählt vor allem das Wort Gottes .
So verkündet der ACP beispielsweise , dass es " nur eine Orientierung " für " alle wesentlichen Handlungs - und Verhaltensweisen für unser Leben " gebe : das Neue Testament .
Aus seiner Orientierung macht der ACP keinen Hehl : Unter der Überschrift " Die schwarze Hoffnung " feiert er Stefan Mappus ( CDU ) dafür , dass er " über Homo - Paraden und Homo - Adoptionen " schimpfe , für Leitkultur und Zuwanderungsbegrenzung eintrete und Ehe und Familie gegen den Ausbau von Krippenplätzen hochhalte .
Für Bundesjustizministerin " Sabine Leutheuser - Schnarrenberger , atheistisch orientiert " , zeigt der Daumen in einer an die " Gewinner - Verlierer " - Rubrik der Bild angelehnten Grafik nach unten .
Der Grund : ein Grußwort für eine " Schwulenparade " ( welches von Mappus übrigens verweigert wurde ) .
Daumen nach unten .
Aus ACP Info
Die Nähe des ACP zu stramm rechtskonservativen Kreisen wird schnell deutlich .
Immer wieder finden sich Artikel der Wochenzeitschrift Junge Freiheit , die als Sprachrohr der Neuen Rechten gilt , in dem ACP - Blatt .
In ihrer ersten Ausgabe des Jahrgangs 2006 feiern die ACP - Informationen folgerichtig auch den 20 .
Geburtstag der rechtskonservativen Zeitschrift mit einem Artikel .
Im Gegenzug ist die Junge Freiheit regelmäßig mit Anzeigen in den ACP - Informationen vertreten .
Ausdrücklich schlägt sich der ACP auch auf die Seite von Politikern wie dem niederländischen Rechtspopulisten Geert Wilders , der wegen Volksverhetzung angeklagt ist .
" Wer politisch wirken wollte , musste sich anpassen und auf den ideologisch verminten Feldern schweigen " , heißt es in einem ACP - Artikel .
Dessen Fazit :
Jetzt kommt es darauf an , sich aus dem Gefängnis BRD zu befreien .
Ohne ein klares Bekenntnis zu den christlichen Wurzeln des politischen Handelns der Union wird es das nicht geben .
ACP
Eine ungeheuerliche Bedrohung hat der ACP im linken Spektrum ausgemacht : " Linksaußen auf dem Vormarsch " titelt die ACP - Info bedeutungsschwanger .
Der Auslöser für diese Sensationsmeldung allerdings ist banal : Den christlichen Publizisten war aufgefallen , dass mit Petra Pau eine Politikerin der Linken zur Bundestagsvizepräsidentin gewählt wurde .
Was in der Redaktion wohl niemandem aufgefallen ist : Jede im Bundestag vertretene Fraktion hat laut Geschäftsordnung des Bundestages einen Anspruch darauf , einen Bundestagsvizepräsidenten zu stellen .
Ebenfalls einen Aufschrei wert war dem ACP eine Statistik , wonach fast 500 Multiplikatoren in den Rundfunkhäusern links - liberal , sozial , grün oder gar kommunistisch eingestellt seien , hingegen nicht einmal 150 christlich - konservativ geprägt seien .
Woher die Zahlen stammen , verrät das ACP - Magazin journalistisch inkorrekt nicht , aber darauf kommt es wohl auch nicht an : Feindbilder wollen gepflegt werden .
" Politik aus christlichem Geist in der modernen Welt "
Woher also nimmt Wulff die Einschätzung , beim ACP habe er es mit " durchaus kritische[n ] , kompetente[n ] , vor allem aber hilfreiche [ n ] Diskussionspartner[n ] " zu tun , wie er dies bei seiner Rede vor den stramm konservativen Christen am Abend des 19 .
Mai im Glaubenszentrum Bad Gandersheim laut seinem Redemanuskript , das Telepolis vorliegt , sagte ?
Gern hätten wir uns diese Frage von Wulff beantworten lassen , jedoch steht eine Reaktion zur Zeit noch aus .
War es Unwissenheit , die bloße Unkenntnis des Vereins , der ihn da eingeladen hatte , um über " Politik aus christlichem Geist in der modernen Welt " zu sprechen ?
Auch gegenüber dem niedersächsischen Landtag äußert sich Wulff nicht selbst , sondern schickt zur Beantwortung einer Anfrage Kultusminister Bernd Althusmann vor .
Dieser erklärt , " die weltanschauliche Ausrichtung des ACP war und ist dem Ministerpräsidenten bekannt . [..]
Daran ist nichts Verwerfliches , es sei denn , man hat generell Probleme mit der grundgesetzlich verbrieften Meinungs - und Religionsfreiheit . "
Den Hinweis , dass die Weltanschauungsbeauftragten der evangelischen Kirche immer wieder vor Kontakten zum ACP warnen , wischt Althusmann beiseite .
Den Verfassungsschutzbehörden lägen keine Erkenntnisse über den ACP vor , erklärt er auf Nachfragen geradezu stoisch .
Expertenstimmen innerhalb der Kirche scheinen in Fragen der Religion nicht von Bedeutung zu sein .
Die " weltanschauliche Ausrichtung " des Arbeitskreises Christlicher Publizisten muss Christian Wulff sehr gut bekannt sein .
Schon zu Beginn seiner Amtszeit als niedersächsischer Ministerpräsident kam er mit dem Vorsitzenden des ACP , Heinz Matthias in Kontakt .
Das Ergebnis : Ein Porträt von Wulff zierte die Titelseite der 4 .
Ausgabe der ACP - Informationen , im Innenteil findet sich ein Interview mit Wulff , geführt von Heinz Matthias .
Matthias gilt als zentrale Figur des ACP .
Der Arbeitskreis selbst hat offenbar nur eine geringe Zahl überwiegend hochbetagter Mitglieder .
So kommt beispielsweise Hemminger zu dem Schluss , der ACP habe quantitativ eigentlich keine Bedeutung .
Allerdings werde er durch die etablierte Politik aufgewertet , wenn sie sich ihm gegenüber unkritisch verhalte .
Wulff hingegen will nicht kritisch sein .
Das Gespräch , welches er mit Matthias nach seiner Wahl zum Ministerpräsidenten 2003 gab , fand der Katholik offenbar so ansprechend , dass der ACP noch in der selben Ausgabe eine große Ankündigung machen konnte :
Die nächste ACP - Bundesversammlung im März 2004 sollte in Hannover stattfinden - mit Christian Wulff als prominentem Stargast .
Zwischen dem Erscheinen der ACP - Informationen mit Wulffs Interview und seinem geplanten Auftritt beim Arbeitskreis sollten sechs Monate liegen - eigentlich genug Zeit für ihn und seine Mitarbeiter , sich die Zeitschrift genauer anzusehen , für die das Interview gegeben wurde .
Dann wäre Wulff aufgefallen , dass der ACP Hans Filbinger , der Mitglied im Nationalsozialistischen Deutschen Studentenbund ( NSDStB ) , in der NSDAP und der SA war und in seiner Zeit als Marinerichter beispielsweise ein Todesurteil gegen den Deserteur Walter Gröger fällte , obwohl er durchaus die Möglichkeit gehabt hätte , anders zu handeln , als " Phänomen bewundert .
Jedoch habe eine " linke Medienmafia " aus dem " Widerstandskämpfer einen Altnazi " gemacht , indem sie bewusst Teilwahrheiten serviert habe .
Er hätte lesen können , dass sein Parteikollege Martin Homann dem ACP eine Stellungnahme übergeben hat , in der er die Ablehnung des Vatikans von " Ehen von Homosexuellen " begrüßt , weil er diese als ein unzweideutiges öffentliches " Bekenntnis zu Lebensschutz und Zukunftsperspektiven für die entwickelten Völker " begreift .
" Das Einhalten der göttlichen Ordnung dient ganz handgreiflich auch dem natürlichen Leben " schreibt Homann , und der ACP bejubelt ihn als " vor dem Zeitgeist zurückweichenden Politiker " .
Er hätte auch lesen können , welchen
Ort der ACP für den gefahrvollsten hält : den Mutterleib .
130.000 Abtreibungen gebe es laut dem Statistischen Bundesamt pro Jahr in Deutschland , nicht näher genannte " Experten " würden die Zahl jedoch auf 300.000 schätzen .
Wulff scheint Gefallen am Arbeitskreis Christlicher Publizisten gefunden zu haben : Zur Bundestagung am 17.11.2004 in Bad Gandersheim übersandte Wulff dem ACP eine Grußbotschaft .
Es ist der Dritte bekannte Kontakt von Wulff mit dem Verein seit seiner Wahl zum Ministerpräsidenten , und der erste , der Kritik auslöst .
Der Landtagsabgeordnete Uwe Schwarz ( SPD ) wollte in einer Kleinen Anfrage unter anderem wissen , welche christlichen Grundwerte der ACP vertrete und in welchen Punkten die Landesregierung davon abweicht .
Die kurze Antwort von Innenminister Uwe Schünemann ( CDU ) auf diese Frage : " Entfällt . "
Dieser lapidaren
Antwort schickt Schünemann voraus , dass es der religiös - weltanschaulichen Neutralität der Landesregierung widerspräche , würde sie von einer privaten Vereinigung formulierte religiöse Grundwerte und Zielsetzungen im Detail bewerten .
Will Wulff also bewusst wegsehen ?
In seiner Anfrage schreibt Schwarz , dass auch Mathias Gersdorf Mitglied beim ACP sei , der auch den Sexualkundeunterricht abschaffen wolle .
Die Antwort von Schünemann geht auf diesen Punkt nicht ein .
Auch die Frage von Telepolis , ob Wulff dafür eintritt , dass Eltern ihre Kinder aus religiösen Gründen von bestimmten Unterrichtsteilen wie beispielsweise dem Sexualkundeunterricht herausnehmen können , beantwortete der Bundespräsidentschaftskandidat bisher nicht .
Sicher ist : Wulff war vor weiteren Kontakten zum ACP gewarnt worden .
Doch er schlug diese Warnungen in den Wind - das Ergebnis war seine Rede vom 19 .
Mai 2010 vor dem ACP , diesen " kritischen , kompetenten und hilfreichen " Diskussionspartnern .
" Steht auf , wenn ihr Christen seid ! "
Aufschlussreich ist in diesem Zusammenhang aber auch ein Blick auf den Verein ProChrist , in dessen Kuratorium Wulff , neben anderen wie der thüringischen Ministerpräsidentin Christine Lieberknecht ( CDU ) , den ehemaligen Ministerpräsidenten Erwin Teufel ( CDU ) und Günther Beckstein ( CSU ) , dem Fernsehmoderator Peter Hahne , dem und dem Vorstandsvorsitzenden der Bundesagentur für Arbeit , Frank - J. Weise ( CDU ) , sitzt .
ProChrist ist ein selbständiges
Werk der evangelikalen Evangelischen Allianz in Deutschland ( EAD ) und führt Massenevangelisationen durch .
Dazu organisiert es im Abstand von zwei bis drei Jahren zentrale Gottesdienste , die an mehreren aufeinanderfolgenden Abenden stattfinden und in ihrer Aufmachung fast schon wie Popkonzerte anmuten .
Per Satellit werden diese an weitere Veranstaltungsorte übertragen .
Ziel ist dabei ausdrücklich die Missionierung .
" Ich habe mit etwa 12 Menschen mein Leben Jesu Christi anvertraut , und war danach total happy " berichtet ein Teilnehmer .
Die ProChrist - Gottesdienste , die laut der Internetseite des Vereins die " überkonfessionelle Zusammenarbeit " fördern sollen , gibt es nur zusammen mit einem Vortrag von Ulrich Parzany .
Der evangelikale Pfarrer , der auf dem ebenfalls zur EAD gehörigen Fernsehsender ERF in der Sendung ProChrist TV zu sehen ist , ist umstritten .
" Steht auf , wenn ihr Christen seid ! " , mit diesen Worten rief Parzany zum Protest auf , weil ein Seminar zu " Wegen heraus aus homosexuellen Neigungen " nach Kritik von den beiden Referenten selbst abgesagt wurde .
Die Christen müssten aufpassen , dass sie sich von der bequemen Freiheit nicht so sehr verwöhnen ließen , dass sie selbst eine Schere im Kopf ansetzten .
Sie müssten sich erst wieder daran gewöhnen , dass " wir Gott mehr gehorchen [ werden ] als den Menschen " , so Parzany weiter .
Mit dieser Prioritätensetzung allerdings stößt er in einem säkularen Staat , zu Recht , schnell an seine Grenzen .
Der Säkularisierung allerdings steht Parzany skeptisch gegenüber , er befürchtet gar mit dem Soziologen Ulrich Beck , dass durch sie " ein neues Zeitalter der Verfinsterung " droht .
Hier findet sich schließlich auch wieder ein Hinweis auf die Frage , ob Wulff durch seine Mitgliedschaft im ProChrist - Kuratorium zumindest indirekt an der Verbreitung eines kreationistischen Weltbildes beteiligt ist .
Diese Frage hat er weder dem SPD - Abgeordneten Schwarz noch Telepolis klar beantwortet .
Parzany schreibt : " Die aggressiven Reaktionen selbst auf die vorsichtigsten Versuche , die Evolutionstheorie als Theorie und nicht als allein wahres Dogma zu verstehen , zeigen , dass hier ein wunder Punkt getroffen wurde . "
Folgerichtig heißt es dann auch auf der Internetseite von JesusHouse , einem Projekt von ProChrist zur Missionierung von Jugendlichen :
Die Bibel sagt , dass es Gott war , der die Welt erschuf .
Das ist für uns schwer zu schlucken .
In der Schule lernen wir , dass nicht Gott , sondern Zufall der Ursprung war .
Die Bibel dagegen sagt eindeutig : Gott ist der Anfang aller Dinge .
Er ist eine Person .
Aber er ist auch das Leben selbst .
Alles , was lebt , empfängt das Leben von ihm .
Ohne Gott gäbe es kein Leben .
Ohne Gott gäbe es gar nichts .
Jesus House
Pflichtfach Ethik als Gewalt gegen Christen ?
Bei Grußworten und wohlwollenden Reden ist es nach Schünemann nicht Aufgabe der Landesregierung , religiöse Grundwerte und Zielsetzungen zu prüfen und zu bewerten , doch bei ProChrist müssen nochmals andere , strengere Maßstäbe angelegt werden .
Mit seiner Mitgliedschaft im Kuratorium von ProChrist zeigt Wulff eine besondere , längerfristig angelegte Nähe zu der Vereinigung .
Spätestens hier muss
Wulff sich fragen lassen , wofür er seinen Namen hergibt .
Denn auch die EAD , zu der ProChrist zugehörig ist , hat ein außergewöhnliches Verständnis von Religionsfreiheit .
Thomas Schirrmacher , der Geschäftsführer des EAD - Arbeitskreises Religionsfreiheit - Menschenrechte - Verfolgte Christen schreibt in einem Leitartikel unter der Überschrift Der aufziehende Kulturkampf 2.0 von einem Kulturkampf , im dem " Kräfte " die gläubigen Christen dazu zwingen wollen , " so zu denken und handeln , wie die " veröffentlichte Meinung " .
Schirrmacher nennt hier die religiöse Kindererziehung am Beispiel Berlin , wo Ethik Pflichtfach für alle Schüler ab der siebten Klasse ist , was durch einen Volksentscheid bestätigt wurde .
" Im schulischen Leben spielt das vom Grundgesetz und den internationalen Menschenrechtserklärungen garantierte Recht der Eltern , ihre Kinder im Sinne ihrer Religion erziehen zu dürfen , längst keine Rolle mehr " , so Schirrmacher weiter .
Das Mittel der Christenverfolgung sei damals wie heute in der westlichen Welt die Gesetzgebung und Rechtsprechung .
Mit dem Gesetz wolle der Staat Christen zu etwas zwingen , ohne zu offener Gewalt greifen zu müssen .
Pflichtfach Ethik als Gewalt gegen Christen ?
Schirrmacher setzt sogar noch einen drauf : " Gesellschaftliche Kräfte im Westen missbrauchen den Staat , um die Kirchen in die Knie zu zwingen . "
Wer seinen Leitartikel liest , fragt sich unweigerlich , ob Schirrmacher in einem anderen Westen lebt .
Wie schon Parzany stellt auch Schirrmacher letztlich Gott über den Staat und über den einzelnen Menschen , wenn er sagt , der Staat erzwinge " zunehmend den Widerstand von Christen gegen einen Staat , den sie eigentlich befürworten , ja oft lieben " , und weiter : " aber man muss Gott mehr gehorchen , wenn der Staat einen vor die Wahl stellt . "
In Deutschland findet der Kulturkampf 2.0 für die EAD offenbar vor allem in der Schule statt .
Deren Arbeitskreis Religionsfreiheit veröffentlicht auf seiner Seite eine ganze Reihe wohlwollender Artikel über Schulpflichtgegner wie Familie Romeike , die mit ihrer Auswanderung in die USA Schlagzeilen machte oder einer Mutter von 14 Kindern , die ihr Kind von " schädlichen " Theateraufführungen und einer " Sexualerziehungsveranstaltung " fern hält .
Wer die Schulpflicht verteidigt , wird zum " eingefleischten Gegner des christlichen Glaubens " .
Warum sich die " unterdrückten Christen " gegen Theateraufführungen wie die vom Märchen der Schneekönigin wehren , zeigt ein Brief von elf Kindern , deren Eltern wegen der Verweigerung eines Theaterbesuches mit einem Bußgeld und Erzwingungshaft belegt worden sein sollen .
Bekanntlich stelle das Theater meist negative Werte wie " Streit , Unmoral , Verzauberungen , Verbrechen und Horror " dar .
Diese Fantasiegeschichten riefen " Triebe und Wünsche hervor , die die Liebe zur Wahrheit zerstören " .
Wer jedoch kein Theater besucht , wird diesem Konflikt nicht ausgesetzt .
Der Brief endet mit einem Appell , von der Erzwingungshaft abzusehen , da sonst der " durch diesen Vorfall angeschlagene Glaube an die Rechtsstaatlichkeit in Deutschland auch bei uns Kindern " gestärkt würde [ sic ! ] .
Engagement eines Bundespräsidenten für rechtskonservative Christen mit ausgeprägtem Missionierungsprogramm ?
Eine deutliche öffentliche Distanzierung Wulffs vom ACP und ein Rückzug aus dem ProChrist - Kuratorium wäre dringend geboten : ProChrist missioniert nicht nur Erwachsene und Jugendliche , sondern bietet mit ProChrist für Kids auch eine Evangelisationsveranstaltung für Kinder ab sechs Jahren an , damit diese " vielleicht sogar eine richtig tiefe Freundschaft " mit Jesus eingehen können .
Es ist fraglich , ob sein Engagement für rechtskonservative Christen mit ausgeprägtem Missionierungsprogramm eines Bundespräsidenten würdig ist .
Schließlich erreicht Telepolis doch noch eine kurze Stellungnahme zu Wulffs Verhältnis zu den beiden Vereinigungen .
Über einen Sprecher lässt er mitteilen , dass Wulff sich im Februar 2005 bereit erklärt habe , im ProChrist - Kuratorium mitzuwirken , weil diesem auch der damalige EKD - Ratsvorsitzende Bischof Wolfgang Huber angehört habe .
Bei ProChrist existierten keine festen Glaubenssätze , die " auf gebotsähnlichen Tafeln niedergelegt sind " .
Daher teile Wulff auch nicht die Meinung Einzelner ProChrist - Angehöriger .
Sollte er jedoch zum Bundespräsidenten gewählt werden , so werde er alle Mitgliedschaften auf den Prüfstand stellen .
Unklar bleibt damit weiterhin , wie Wulff zu einzelnen Inhalten steht - genau darauf zielten die Fragen an ihn jedoch ab .
Warum jedoch eine Mitgliedschaft bei ProChrist für einen Ministerpräsidenten
Wulff unproblematisch ist , für einen Bundespräsidenten Wulff hingegen nicht mehr , kann wahrscheinlich auch Wulff selbst nicht sinnvoll begründen .
Zu seinem Auftritt beim ACP erklärte der Sprecher , für Wulff sei es wichtig gewesen , an der Ehrung seines Vorgängers und Freundes Ernst Albrecht durch den Arbeitskreis teilzunehmen - eine Begründung , die für einen Erstkontakt zwar noch logisch erscheint , vor dem Hintergrund kritischer Fragen in der Vergangenheit und seiner wiederholten Annäherung an den " äußersten rechten Rand des Protestantismus " jedoch wenig glaubwürdig wirkt .
Christian Wulff ist allerdings nicht der einzige Spitzenpolitiker , der derartigen Kreisen nahe steht .
Mehr zu diesem
Thema folgt hier demnächst .
( Silvio Duwe )
IRVINE – The North American moving van backs up near storage unit K1446 and the shrill beeps pierce the morning quiet .
It ’s moving day , 8:20 a.m. last Saturday , as Jim Kennedy unlocks the padlock and rolls up the storage shed ’s metal door .
He grabs his golf clubs .
They will be packed into his BMW , along with his golf shoes , some artwork and several bottles from his large wine collection .
This has been Kennedy ’s only address for the last five months , the only place he needed a key , where he stashed the contents of his three - bedroom Newport Beach condo when he was kicked out on Jan. 17 .
Kennedy , 46 , lost his six - figure corporate development job two years ago , then his home fell to foreclosure .
He ’s been living out of his leased Beemer for the last five months .
You met Kennedy in March , when I first profiled him as a homeless guy using his frequent flier points and loyalty rewards to live in hotels .
He ’d pop around Southern California , staying a few nights at a Holiday Inn Express in San Clemente , another night at the Four Points in San Rafael , as he looked for a job .
After the story hit , Kennedy was deluged with attention – mostly from the national media and , as he likes to joke , “ tons of offers to sell Amway . ”
One of the few valid messages came from a CEO of a start - up company who contacted me and I passed the tip along to Kennedy .
AUDIO : Listen to the reporter Peggy Lowe ’s audio report on Jim Kennedy
After some negotiating , Kennedy was offered a six - month job by Don Wilson , the CEO of Netword , which sells online advertising geo-targeted to a business ’s zip code .
Kennedy ’s goals are to raise more capital for the company and to assist on marketing and improving the website .
“ He was looking for someone to lead his company , to take it forward and was going to do it in a unique way , ” Kennedy said .
“ And he thought my approach to my situation was fairly unique . ”
Kennedy ’s situation is commonplace in California , where 1.9 million people are collecting jobless benefits and forecasters predict that double - digit unemployment is sticking around for another year .
Not so common was Kennedy ’s telling of his own story via Twitter , where he wrote under the pseudonym , @HomelessThomOC .
Where most people put their profile picture , Kennedy created his own logo , which said , “ Help , I need a job ! ”
He wrote about bouncing around to the different hotels , how he stayed to his self - imposed $ 5 - a - day food budget with the help of free condiments and on at least one day , how he was thankful it had rained because he could n’t afford a car wash .
That changed May 10 when he posted this : “ I have found a job . ”
With that turnkey post , Kennedy changed from a nameless , faceless , homeless guy on Twitter to James T. , with a photo and his new employer ’s web address .
His messages became more hopeful as he reported the life of a working man .
“ Good morning .
I brought bagels in for the office , ” read a Tweet on May 28 at 9:15 a.m .
“ Busy today solving internet and phone issues and working on marketing programs , TV , direct mail etc .
Might have a place to live FINALLY , ” read a June 7 post .
And by June 10 , more good news : “ Good morning .
I have finally found a place YEAH .
Private party someone who knows someone and was willing to overlook my foreclosure . ”
Those small things the gainfully employed take for granted are the things that are painfully missed by the jobless .
Kennedy took his first paycheck and “ went right down and threw it in the bank . ”
Since then , he ’s filled up his car with a full tank of gas , replaced his contact lenses and bought a bottle of wine .
“ Good morning TGIF , which finally means something to me other than the day before Saturday , ” he wrote on Friday , May 21 .
So on this recent Saturday , Kennedy is claiming his stuff from the storage locker to move to his new apartment in Port Hueneme .
The six movers hustle his furniture and boxes out of the storage unit and into the moving van as Kennedy takes a few precious items and packs them into his car .
He ’s been working hard at his new job , a little frustrated that things are n’t moving faster , but excited about a gig that he thinks is an interesting concept .
He ’s worried about his two dozen friends who are still out of work and tries to help them by Tweeting their 140 - character resumes to the 2,100 followers he ’s attracted with all the media attention .
He signed a one - year lease , despite having a six - month job , and that is a concern .
After five months of homelessness , he knows his life is still up in the air .
“ It ’s going to be a long time before I feel settled .
Because … I got a job , yeah , I got a place to move to , but if they run out of money then I ’m back in the same straits , ” he said .
“ I ’m making half of what I used to , so I ’m basically not going to be able to put away a lot to savings .
So yeah , it ’s definitely unsettled . ”
Kennedy cleans the last few pieces of cardboard from K1446 , shuts the door , and replaces the padlock .
He gives his new address to the movers and offers directions for the 100 - mile drive north to Ventura County .
He ’s looking forward tonight to watching TV in his own apartment , to sleeping in his own bed , and maybe he ’ll open a bottle of champagne he took from his wine cabinet .
But the thing he is most happy about , he says , is one of the most simple .
He will be sleeping in a place tonight that does n’t require a hotel ’s plastic key card .
He ’ll get to use his own metal key to unlock his own front door and reenter his life as he once knew it .
At least , for now .
Contact the writer : plowe@ocregister.com or 714-796-7969
America 's only escapist pleasure during this endless oil spill has been yelling at and making fun of dour BP CEO Tony Hayward .
What a dork !
But now the fun 's over , because Hayward will no longer manage operations in the Gulf .
Hayward 's Swedish overlord , BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg , explained the change in an interview with Sky News .
Hayward will remain CEO , but far away from the cameras .
Mr Svanberg also told [ Sky's Jeff ]
Randall that comments by Mr Hayward have had detrimental effects as the company seeks to control the fallout from the disaster .
" It is clear Tony has made remarks that have upset people , " Mr Svanberg said .
The chairman explained that Mr Hayward left Britain for the US after the explosion with the express purpose of dealing with the response to the spill , but stopping the flow has not gone to plan .
" Everyone thought it would be done faster , " Mr Svanberg said .
Ouch .
That 's about as nasty a public scolding of a CEO that you 're likely to hear from a wry Swedish chairman of a transnational English corporation .
Although we can't confirm that .
Anyway , who 's the new schmuck we can yell vicious slurs at all day for fun ?
Asked by Randall about Mr Hayward 's ongoing role , Mr Svanberg said : " He is now handing over the operation to Bob Dudley . "
Robert Dudley has been the managing director of the oil giant since 2009 , and prior to the appointment he was president and chief executive of TNK - BP , Russia 's third largest oil and gas company .
Hi " Robert Dudley , " you stupid asshole !
See ?
We 'll be fine with this guy .
A Turkish flag is seen through a depiction of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose eyes have been punctured , during a demonstration in support of Israel following a deadly raid by their navy on an aid flotilla bound for the blockaded Gaza Strip , outside the Turkish embassy in Tel Aviv on May 31 .
The killing of at least nine pro-Palestinian activists in the raid Monday battered Israel 's already shaky international standing and sharply raised Mideast tensions at a time the US is making a new push for regional peace .
Conservationists often cite “ human health and well - being ” as a benefit of their work .
While this often refers to clean air and water for human consumption , there are other health benefits to be found in nature .
Research has shown that viewing images of nature can reduce stress and depression .
Hospitals now often include gardens or park areas for patients to visit , understanding that this connection to nature facilitates the healing process .
Many of us head outside for a walk to relax .
It may seem contradictory to think that interaction with nature can simultaneously relax and energize us , but this seems to be the case .
Richard Ryan of the University of Rochester has led a series of studies into the more dynamic “ vitalizing effects of immersing oneself in nature . ”
It appears from his research that interaction with nature , whether actual or imagined , has a significantly positive effect on self - reported levels of mental and physical energy .
Past research has shown that increased energy , or vitality , correlates with greater resistance to illnesses .
Using a series of studies involving hypothetical scenarios , images , outdoor and indoor activities and self - reported daily activities , Ryan and his group assessed self - reported measures of vitality before and after exposure to or engagement with nature .
In all situations , study participants reported higher levels of vitality after some interaction with nature .
There are other aspects of being outdoors that have been shown to enhance vitality , namely social interactions and physical exercise .
However , Ryan ’s analysis shows that exposure to natural elements can , by itself , increase vitality , in the absence of social or physical activity .
Time spent outdoors , and the resulting improved health , may result in fiscal benefits , as well .
As reported by The New York Times , some companies are providing employees with garden plots at their workplace , and encouraging them to take time out of the work day to tend beets , harvest tomatoes and eat the resulting bounty in corporate cafeterias .
The investment in establishing gardening programs is expected to provide economic benefits – by increasing outdoor activity and encouraging healthier diets , companies can save on health care costs in the long run .
As the results from Ryan 's study shows , these companies may also reap the benefits of having a workforce that is energized and productive .
These findings provide conservationists with solid human health and economic arguments for the importance of protecting natural areas that are accessible to people , for both passive viewing and active interaction . ﻿
-- Karren Bassler is a contributing writer based in Madison Wisconsin and a consultant with Superior Nonprofits , LLC .
Ryan , R. , Weinstein , N. , Bernstein , J. , Brown , K. , Mistretta , L. , & Gagné , M. ( 2010 ) .
Vitalizing effects of being outdoors and in nature Journal of Environmental Psychology , 30 ( 2 ) , 159-168 DOI : 10.1016/j.jenvp.2009.10.009
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
An American held in Pakistan who said he was looking for Osama bin Laden is " like a bulldog " who would n't let go of the idea of finding the fugitive al Qaeda leader , his brother said Tuesday .
" My brother is not crazy .
He is highly intelligent and loves his country and he has not forgotten what Osama has done to this country , " Scott Faulkner , brother of Gary Brooks Faulkner , told CNN .
" Osama had made some references to our God , the God of the Bible , in a poor light , and the fact that he was taunting America and getting away with killing thousands of Americans , my brother took that very personally , " he said .
Gary Faulkner , 50 , is being held in Pakistan after being stopped near the border with Afghanistan 's Nuristan province , Pakistani police announced Tuesday .
He was carrying a pistol , a sword , night - vision equipment and Christian religious books , said Mumtaz Ahmed , a police chief in the area .
He told police that he had been looking for bin Laden since al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington and had traveled to the area several times before , Ahmed said .
A reward of up to $ 25 million is currently being offered by the U.S. State Department in return for information leading directly to bin Laden 's arrest .
Faulkner said he had no intention of killing bin Laden , but because of the weapons he was carrying , police did not believe him , Ahmed said .
Faulkner is a California - born independent contractor who has lived in Colorado since 1968 , his brother said .
Colorado Bureau of Investigation records show that a Gary Brooks Faulkner has a lengthy criminal record of minor offenses that dates to the early 1980s .
He served jail time on three separate occasions for various charges that included second - degree burglary , and was arrested as recently as 2006 for a traffic violation .
More recently , Scott Faulkner said , his brother felt the U.S. government was not doing enough to bring bin Laden to justice , " and he felt that he was , as a Christian , not afraid -- that he could boldly step out and that doors would be opened for him . "
" And I agree with him , " Scott Faulkner said .
" The fact that he 's been over there six times and has not received a scratch tells me that somebody 's looking after him . "
Scott Faulkner said his brother " could blend in with the local population and go places that our military cannot go . "
" We have relationships with the Pakistani government : ' OK .
You can go in this region or you can't go in that region , ' whereas my brother could go about willy - nilly , " he said .
" He had a long beard .
He looked like Taliban .
When he wore his robe , he looked like Taliban .
The only way you could tell he was not was when he spoke . "
U.S. Embassy Spokesman Richard Snelsire did not confirm that Faulkner was in Pakistani custody , but said the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar did receive notification that an American citizen was detained .
Snelsire said they were trying to get more details .
" We 're hoping to get consular access to the individual , " Snelsire said .
In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the Pakistanis informed the U.S. government about the arrest , but he could n't discuss details .
" We want to talk to him , figure out who he is , what brought him to Pakistan , and we 'll take it from there , " Crowley said .
CNN 's Reza Sayah , Samson Desta and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .
Jon Kyl walks back White House border story
UPDATE 6/28 : Kyl is standing by his account of the immigration encounter , saying he has been misinterpreted all along .
" People misinterpreted what I meant by it , but what I said was accurate , " Kyl told Fox News .
" People read into what I said , something that I did n't say ... I regret that it was misinterpreted . "
* * *
Earlier this week , Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) caused a stir when he was quoted saying that President Obama personally told him the administration will not support stricter border enforcement until Republicans back broad immigration reform .
The White House denied the claim .
Now Kyl is saying that 's not what he meant .
Kyl was quoted : " The president said the problem is if we secure the border , then you all wo n't have any reason to support comprehensive immigration reform .
In other words , they 're holding it hostage . "
In an interview with National Review , Kyl explained :
Kyl tells us that the comments were " taken a bit out of context , " and that the " they " he was referring to was the Left , " the president 's base , " and not the administration .
" I did not try to start a fight .
This meeting happened a month ago and we were talking in the context of his political problems .
He was talking about how they think that if we secure the border , you guys [ Republicans ] wo n't have the incentive to work on comprehensive immigration reform . "
At the time , a spokesman for Kyl forcefully defended the story .
" There were two people in that meeting , and [ White House spokesperson ]
Dan Pfieffer was not one of them , " Patmintra said .
" Senator Kyl stands by his remarks , and the White House spokesman 's pushback that you must have comprehensive immigration reform to secure the border only confirms Senator Kyl 's account . "
Ahead of the NHL Draft and the opening of free agency , TSN .ca keeps you up to date with all the latest rumours and speculation from around the NHL beat .
In Wednesday 's roundup , the Oilers continue to search for an upgrade in net , a suitor for Bobby Ryan and the latest on Josh Ho -Sang .
( This post is elementary : it introduces a simple method of visualizing Bayesian calculations .
In my defense , we 've had other elementary posts before , and they 've been found useful ; plus , I 'd really like this to be online somewhere , and it might as well be here . )
I 'll admit , those Monty - Hall - type problems invariably trip me up .
Or at least , they do if I 'm not thinking very carefully -- doing quite a bit more work than other people seem to have to do .
What 's more , people 's explanations of how to get the right answer have almost never been satisfactory to me .
If I concentrate hard enough , I can usually follow the reasoning , sort of ; but I never quite " see it " , and nor do I feel equipped to solve similar problems in the future : it 's as if the solutions seem to work only in retrospect .
Minds work differently , illusion of transparency , and all that .
Fortunately , I eventually managed to identify the source of the problem , and I came up a way of thinking about -- visualizing -- such problems that suits my own intuition .
Maybe there are others out there like me ; this post is for them .
I 've mentioned before that I like to think in very abstract terms .
What this means in practice is that , if there 's some simple , general , elegant point to be made , tell it to me right away .
Do n't start with some messy concrete example and attempt to " work upward " , in the hope that difficult - to - grasp abstract concepts will be made more palatable by relating them to " real life " .
If you do that , I 'm liable to get stuck in the trees and not see the forest .
Chances are , I wo n't have much trouble understanding the abstract concepts ; " real life " , on the other hand ...
... well , let 's just say I prefer to start at the top and work downward , as a general rule .
Tell me how the trees relate to the forest , rather than the other way around .
Many people have found Eliezer 's Intuitive Explanation of Bayesian Reasoning to be an excellent introduction to Bayes ' theorem , and so I do n't usually hesitate to recommend it to others .
But for me personally , if I did n't know Bayes ' theorem and you were trying to explain it to me , pretty much the worst thing you could do would be to start with some detailed scenario involving breast - cancer screenings .
( And not just because it tarnishes beautiful mathematics with images of sickness and death , either ! )
So what 's the right way to explain Bayes ' theorem to me ?
Like this :
We 've got a bunch of hypotheses ( states the world could be in ) and we 're trying to figure out which of them is true ( that is , which state the world is actually in ) .
As a concession to concreteness ( and for ease of drawing the pictures ) , let 's say we 've got three ( mutually exclusive and exhaustive ) hypotheses -- possible world - states -- which we 'll call H 1 , H 2 , and H 3 .
We 'll represent these as blobs in space :
Figure 0
Now , we have some prior notion of how probable each of these hypotheses is -- that is , each has some prior probability .
If we do n't know anything at all that would make one of them more probable than another , they would each have probability 1/3 .
To illustrate a more typical situation , however , let 's assume we have more information than that .
Specifically , let 's suppose our prior probability distribution is as follows : P( H 1 ) = 30 % , P( H 2 ) =50 % , P( H 3 ) = 20 % .
We 'll represent this by resizing our blobs accordingly :
Figure 1
That 's our prior knowledge .
Next , we 're going to collect some evidence and update our prior probability distribution to produce a posterior probability distribution .
Specifically , we 're going to run a test .
The test we 're going to run has three possible outcomes : Result A , Result B , and Result C. Now , since this test happens to have three possible results , it would be really nice if the test just flat - out told us which world we were living in -- that is , if ( say ) Result A meant that H 1 was true , Result B meant that H 2 was true , and Result 3 meant that H 3 was true .
Unfortunately , the real world is messy and complex , and things are n't that simple .
Instead , we 'll suppose that each result can occur under each hypothesis , but that the different hypotheses have different effects on how likely each result is to occur .
We 'll assume for instance that if Hypothesis H 1 is true , we have a 1/ 2 chance of obtaining Result A , a 1/3 chance of obtaining Result B , and a 1/6 chance of obtaining Result C ; which we 'll write like this :
P( A|H 1 ) = 50 % , P( B|H 1 ) = 33.33 ... % , P( C|H 1 ) = 16.166 ...%
and illustrate like this :
Figure 2
( Result A being represented by a triangle , Result B by a square , and Result C by a pentagon . )
If Hypothesis H 2 is true , we 'll assume there 's a 10 % chance of Result A , a 70 % chance of Result B , and a 20 % chance of Result C :
Figure 3
( P( A|H 2 ) = 10 % , P( B|H 2 ) = 70 % , P( C|H 2 ) = 20 % )
Finally , we 'll say that if Hypothesis H 3 is true , there 's a 5 % chance of Result A , a 15 % chance of Result B , and an 80 % chance of Result C :
Figure 4
( P( A|H 3 ) = 5 % , P( B|H 3 ) = 15 % P( C|H 3 ) = 80 % )
Figure 5 below thus shows our knowledge prior to running the test :
Figure 5
Note that we have now carved up our hypothesis - space more finely ; our possible world - states are now things like " Hypothesis H 1 is true and Result A occurred " , " Hypothesis H 1 is true and Result B occurred " , etc. , as opposed to merely " Hypothesis H 1 is true " , etc .
The numbers above the slanted line segments -- the likelihoods of the test results , assuming the particular hypothesis -- represent what proportion of the total probability mass assigned to the hypothesis H n is assigned to the conjunction of Hypothesis H n and Result X ; thus , since P( H 1 ) = 30 % , and P ( A|H 1 ) = 50 % , P( H 1 & A ) is therefore 50 % of 30 % , or , in other words , 15 % .
( That 's really all Bayes ' theorem is , right there , but -- shh ! -- do n't tell anyone yet ! )
Now , then , suppose we run the test , and we get ... Result A .
What do we do ?
We cut off all the other branches :
Figure 6
So our updated probability distribution now looks like this :
Figure 7
... except for one thing : probabilities are supposed to add up to 100 % , not 21 % .
Well , since we 've conditioned on Result A , that means that the 21 % probability mass assigned to Result A is now the entirety of our probability mass -- 21 % is the new 100 % , you might say .
So we simply adjust the numbers in such a way that they add up to 100 % and the proportions are the same :
Figure 8
There !
We 've just performed a Bayesian update .
And that 's what it looks like .
If , instead of Result A , we had gotten Result B ,
Figure 9
then our updated probability distribution would have looked like this :
Figure 10
Similarly , for Result C :
Figure 11
Bayes ' theorem is the formula that calculates these updated probabilities .
Using H to stand for a hypothesis ( such as H 1 , H 2 or H 3 ) , and E a piece of evidence ( such as Result A , Result B , or Result C ) , it says :
P( H|E ) = P ( H ) * P( E|H ) / P(E)
In words : to calculate the updated probability P( H|E ) , take the portion of the prior probability of H that is allocated to E ( i.e. the quantity P ( H ) * P( E|H ) ) , and calculate what fraction this is of the total prior probability of E ( i.e. divide it by P( E ) ) .
What I like about this way of visualizing Bayes ' theorem is that it makes the importance of prior probabilities -- in particular , the difference between P( H|E ) and P ( E|H ) -- visually obvious .
Thus , in the above example , we easily see that even though P( C|H 3 ) is high ( 80 % ) , P( H 3 |C ) is much less high ( around 51 % ) -- and once you have assimilated this visualization method , it should be easy to see that even more extreme examples ( e.g. with P ( E|H ) huge and P( H|E ) tiny ) could be constructed .
Now let 's use this to examine two tricky probability puzzles , the infamous Monty Hall Problem and Eliezer 's Drawing Two Aces , and see how it illustrates the correct answers , as well as how one might go wrong .
The Monty Hall Problem
The situation is this : you 're a contestant on a game show seeking to win a car .
Before you are three doors , one of which contains a car , and the other two of which contain goats .
You will make an initial " guess " at which door contains the car -- that is , you will select one of the doors , without opening it .
At that point , the host will open a goat - containing door from among the two that you did not select .
You will then have to decide whether to stick with your original guess and open the door that you originally selected , or switch your guess to the remaining unopened door .
The question is whether it is to your advantage to switch -- that is , whether the car is more likely to be behind the remaining unopened door than behind the door you originally guessed .
( If you have n't thought about this problem before , you may want to try to figure it out before continuing ... )
The answer is that it is to your advantage to switch -- that , in fact , switching doubles the probability of winning the car .
People often find this counterintuitive when they first encounter it -- where " people " includes the author of this post .
There are two possible doors that could contain the car ; why should one of them be more likely to contain it than the other ?
As it turns out , while constructing the diagrams for this post , I " rediscovered " the error that led me to incorrectly conclude that there is a 1 / 2 chance the car is behind the originally - guessed door and a 1 / 2 chance it is behind the remaining door the host did n't open .
I 'll present that error first , and then show how to correct it .
Here , then , is the wrong solution :
We start out with a perfectly correct diagram showing the prior probabilities :
Figure 12
The possible hypotheses are Car in Door 1 , Car in Door 2 , and Car in Door 3 ; before the game starts , there is no reason to believe any of the three doors is more likely than the others to contain the car , and so each of these hypotheses has prior probability 1/3 .
The game begins with our selection of a door .
That itself is n't evidence about where the car is , of course -- we 're assuming we have no particular information about that , other than that it 's behind one of the doors ( that 's the whole point of the game ! ) .
Once we 've done that , however , we will then have the opportunity to " run a test " to gain some " experimental data " : the host will perform his task of opening a door that is guaranteed to contain a goat .
We 'll represent the result Host Opens Door 1 by a triangle , the result Host Opens Door 2 by a square , and the result Host Opens Door 3 by a pentagon -- thus carving up our hypothesis space more finely into possibilities such as " Car in Door 1 and Host Opens Door 2 " , " Car in Door 1 and Host Opens Door 3 " , etc :
Figure 13
Before we 've made our initial selection of a door , the host is equally likely to open either of the goat - containing doors .
Thus , at the beginning of the game , the probability of each hypothesis of the form " Car in Door X and Host Opens Door Y " has a probability of 1/6 , as shown .
So far , so good ; everything is still perfectly correct .
Now we select a door ; say we choose Door 2 .
The host then opens either Door 1 or Door 3 , to reveal a goat .
Let 's suppose he opens Door 1 ; our diagram now looks like this :
Figure 14
But this shows equal probabilities of the car being behind Door 2 and Door 3 !
Figure 15
Did you catch the mistake ?
Here 's the correct version :
As soon as we selected Door 2 , our diagram should have looked like this :
Figure 16
With Door 2 selected , the host no longer has the option of opening Door 2 ; if the car is in Door 1 , he must open Door 3 , and if the car is in Door 3 , he must open Door 1 .
We thus see that if the car is behind Door 3 , the host is twice as likely to open Door 1 ( namely , 100 % ) as he is if the car is behind Door 2 ( 50 % ) ; his opening of Door 1 thus constitutes some evidence in favor of the hypothesis that the car is behind Door 3 .
So , when the host opens Door 1 , our picture looks as follows :
Figure 17
which yields the correct updated probability distribution :
Figure 18
Drawing Two Aces
Here is the statement of the problem , from Eliezer 's post :
Suppose I have a deck of four cards :
The ace of spades , the ace of hearts , and two others ( say , 2C and 2D ) .
You draw two cards at random .
(...)
Now suppose I ask you " Do you have an ace ? "
You say " Yes . "
I then say to you : " Choose one of the aces you 're holding at random ( so if you have only one , pick that one ) .
Is it the ace of spades ? "
You reply " Yes . "
What is the probability that you hold two aces ?
( Once again , you may want to think about it , if you have n't already , before continuing ... )
Here 's how our picture method answers the question :
Since the person holding the cards has at least one ace , the " hypotheses " ( possible card combinations ) are the five shown below :
Figure 19
Each has a prior probability of 1/5 , since there 's no reason to suppose any of them is more likely than any other .
The " test " that will be run is selecting an ace at random from the person 's hand , and seeing if it is the ace of spades .
The possible results are :
Figure 20
Now we run the test , and get the answer " YES " ; this puts us in the following situation :
Figure 21
The total prior probability of this situation ( the YES answer ) is ( 1/6 ) + ( 1/3 ) +( 1/3 ) = 5/6 ; thus , since 1/6 is 1/5 of 5/6 ( that is , ( 1/6 ) / ( 5/6 ) = 1/5 ) , our updated probability is 1/5 -- which happens to be the same as the prior probability .
( I wo n't bother displaying the final post - update picture here . )
What this means is that the test we ran did not provide any additional information about whether the person has both aces beyond simply knowing that they have at least one ace ; we might in fact say that the result of the test is screened off by the answer to the first question ( " Do you have an ace ? " ) .
On the other hand , if we had simply asked " Do you have the ace of spades ? " , the diagram would have looked like this :
Figure 22
which , upon receiving the answer YES , would have become :
Figure 23
The total probability mass allocated to YES is 3/5 , and , within that , the specific situation of interest has probability 1/5 ; hence the updated probability would be 1/3 .
So a YES answer in this experiment , unlike the other , would provide evidence that the hand contains both aces ; for if the hand contains both aces , the probability of a YES answer is 100 % -- twice as large as it is in the contrary case ( 50 % ) , giving a likelihood ratio of 2:1 .
By contrast , in the other experiment , the probability of a YES answer is only 50 % even in the case where the hand contains both aces .
This is what people who try to explain the difference by uttering the opaque phrase " a random selection was involved ! " are actually talking about : the difference between
Figure 24
and
.
Figure 25
The method explained here is far from the only way of visualizing Bayesian updates , but I feel that it is among the most intuitive .
( I 'd like to thank my sister , Vive - ut - Vivas , for help with some of the diagrams in this post . )
I must be crazy , but I do n't know where else to ask .
I asked Lemunde and he did n't seem to understand what I was asking , so I 'll try asking you .
I 'm interested in the graphics for Lemunde 's dwarves .
The tiles used for game elements look great , but where are the graphics for his dwarves themselves ?
I even went through Lemunde 's uploaded forts on the map archive trying to collect all the job graphics , but I want a complete set .
Maybe I missed the memo on his set of dwarf graphics , but they look like I want my own game 's dwarves to look .
I hope I 'm being clear in asking for the graphics for the dwarves shown in Lemunde 's screenshots .
If anyone knows wehre I can find them , I 'd be very grateful .
I 'll be scanning the forums today for any sign .
Thank you !
Items of interest from around the Circumpolar region .
An update on a theme ...
Calculated Risk Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows single family housing starts and the unemployment rate through May ( inverted ) .
You can see both the correlation and the lag .
The lag is usually about 12 to 18 months , with peak correlation at a lag of 16 months for single unit starts .
The 2001 recession was a business investment led recession , and the pattern did n't hold .
Usually housing starts and residential construction employment lead the economy out of a recession , but not this time because of the huge overhang of existing housing units .
After rebounding a little in early ' 09 , housing starts ( blue ) have mostly moved sideways .
This is what I expected when I first posted the above graph last summer .
I wrote :
[ T ] here is still far too much existing home inventory , a sharp bounce back in housing starts is unlikely , so I think ... a rapid decline in unemployment is also unlikely .
Usually near the end of a recession , residential investment ( RI ) picks up as the Fed lowers interest rates .
This lead to job creation and also household formation - and that leads to even more demand for housing units - and more jobs , and more households - a virtuous cycle that usually helps the economy recovery .
Note : RI is mostly new home sales and home improvement .
However this time , with the huge overhang of existing housing units , this key sector is n't participating .
So in this recovery there is less job creation , less household formation , and less demand for housing units than a normal recovery .
This is sort of a circular trap for both GDP growth and employment .
Eventually the excess housing units will be absorbed - ( progress is slowly being made , see Housing Stock and Flow ) - but until then , this key sector will remain under pressure and I expect the recovery will be sluggish and the unemployment rate will stay elevated .
---------------
Rick Owens for The New York Times
In recent Bucks posts , I wrote about the difficulties involved in getting back items left on planes as well as reader tips for improving the odds of a happy reunion with your forgotten possessions .
Still , I did not address what happens to the items if they are not stolen and are not returned to the rightful owner , something at least one reader ( Steve from Boston ) asked me to find out .
Here is his question : “ Assuming thousands of items are left on planes every week , and most are never returned to their owners , what do the airlines do with them ?
Are there huge warehouses somewhere ?
Do they sell them for a profit ?
Donate them ?
Ms. Schultz , perhaps you could ask the airlines to address this question for your readers . ”
I followed his suggestion and here is what I could find out .
Airlines generally keep the items in their lost and found departments for a certain period of time and then , if they cannot reunite the items with their owners , they “ dispose ” of the items .
By dispose , I mean sell them .
Here is what a spokeswoman from American Airlines , for instance , wrote to me in an e-mail message : “ By contract we can not discuss to whom we sell unclaimed baggage or lost and found .
We keep it several months and dispose of it only after all attempts to locate owner fail . ”
A spokesman for US Airways , Todd Lehmacher , said items left on US Airways planes are held at the airport where they were found for five days and then are sent to the airline ’s warehouse in Charlotte , N.C. , where they remain for 90 days .
Then , the unclaimed items are “ acquired by an outside company , which either sells or donates the item to charity , ” Mr. Lehmacher said .
So who could the airlines be selling the goods to ?
As Bucks reader Terry from Alabama wrote in a comment to my original post , there is a good chance it is the Unclaimed Baggage Center , a store in Scottsboro , Ala. , where “ the vast majority of items ” for sale are items that “ after at least 90 days of intensive tracking by the airlines , are declared unclaimed , ” according to the store ’s site .
Here is a recent CBS News piece on the store , and you can find out more here as well .
This 1999 New York Times article also covered the store , as did this one from 2000 and this one from 2004 .
A spokeswoman for the store confirmed that the store does purchase items from the airlines .
“ When it is the case that the items are not able to be successfully returned , we purchase them from the airlines after a period of time , ” the spokeswoman , Brenda Cantrell , wrote in an e-mail message .
Unfortunately , you cannot call the Unclaimed Baggage Center to see if they have your item and then claim it if they do .
According to Ms. Cantrell , “ Passengers could not call us to report or claim a missing item . ”
Why ?
She said the volume and similarity of items left on planes ( think iPods , compact discs in black carrying case , cameras , books , eyeglasses and jackets ) makes it “ difficult to distinguish what belongs to who and from what flight it originated on . ”
Plus , the store is a privately held company that does not “ have any passenger information or liability for these items , ” she said .
Still , you might feel better knowing there is a chance your item could end up with someone in need .
The Unclaimed Baggage Center , according to Ms. Cantrell , donates about 40 percent of what it purchases from the airlines to organizations like the Lions Club International ( glasses go here ) and the Salvation Army , among others .
How do you feel about this final destination for items left on planes ?
Where do you think the items should end up ?
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Every month , you spend money you do n't need to .
No matter how good your budget is , or how closely you track your spending , something slips through the net .
J.D. 's post last week about casting stones at our friends ' financial choices struck a chord with me .
His friend is struggling financially , and yet he 's just bought new iPhones for his whole family .
It 's obvious to J.D. that this is a bad financial move , yet his friend seems oblivious to it .
He 's trying to get his act together , but even in the midst of that effort he can't see that his spending choices are perpetuating his problems .
He has huge financial blind spots , areas of his personal finances that are just invisible to him .
We all do .
My own blind spots
When my family was in financial trouble , it felt like we were living as simply as we possibly could .
There was no money for luxuries .
We could n't even cover the basic necessities some months , and we were sinking into debt .
Looking back , though , it 's easy to see how some of the “ necessities ” we paid for then were n't really needed at all .
Did we have to have a daily newspaper subscription ?
Two cars ?
How essential were the swim lessons and music classes our kids were enrolled in ?
In the midst of that crisis , I spent many nights poring over our budget , trying to find things to cut .
Yet somehow I was blind to excesses that now seem so obvious to me .
I assume that I 'm still doing the same thing today .
I 've cut the newspaper subscription , and a lot of other major expenses .
Our household finances are no longer sinking fast .
But we 're still living on a pretty tight budget , and I 'd like to be in a more secure position than we 're in .
When I look at the budget each month , it looks so tight to me .
We 've dropped all the extra classes .
We canceled all our subscriptions .
I 've slashed our grocery budget in half .
What 's left for me to cut ?
The simple truth is : I do n't know .
Five years from now , I 'll look back on my life today and the waste will stand out like weeds in a garden , but right now I can't see it .
Finding your blind spots
How can you identify the excesses in your own budget ?
Here are a few bits of advice :
Knowledge is power .
I 've said it before but it still bears repeating : Track your spending .
When you do n't know what you 're spending your money on , you can't know if those dollars are well - spent or wasted .
Use some system , whether it 's sophisticated software or the back of an envelope , to track every cent that comes into or goes out of your household .
I 've said it before but it still bears repeating : Track your spending .
Use some system , whether it 's sophisticated software or the back of an envelope , to track every cent that comes into or goes out of your household .
Ask yourself .
As you review your spending , ask yourself a few simple questions about your purchases and expenses .
Did I need this ?
Did I even want it ?
Did I use it ?
Was it worth the time and money I put into it ?
A few careful passes with these questions in mind should help you ditch a lot of the dead weight in your budget .
As you review your spending , ask yourself a few simple questions about your purchases and expenses .
Did I need this ?
Did I even want it ?
Did I use it ?
Was it worth the time and money I put into it ?
A few careful passes with these questions in mind should help you ditch a lot of the dead weight in your budget .
Ask someone else .
Ultimately , you wo n't be able to see into all of your blind spots ; you 'll need someone else to help you look at your financial picture if you want to see it clearly .
You can hire a financial advisor to do this .
If you work for a university or large company , your HR department may even be able to connect you with free financial counseling .
If you 'd rather take the amateur approach , find a friend who is sensitive and smart , and ask them to go over your expenses for the past few months with you .
Finding the extra expenses in your budget can be painful .
Those blind spots are there for a reason .
You probably do n't want to know , on some level , that you 're overspending .
The places where I still break my budget are entirely emotional ones : I spend too much on my kids , because I like doing nice things for them .
I spend too much when I 'm sick , or tired , or anxious .
I spend too much on dates with my husband , because we get so little time together .
This is why a trusted friend or financial advisor can be such a great weapon against emotion - driven budget busters .
Sometimes , we all need someone to very gently and calmly explain that we just can't afford the new car , or the family vacation , or the sexy boots .
That wanting something badly enough does n't mean we 're entitled to it , and now is n't the time to take on a new debt .
Once you 've cast a light into a wasteful corner of your spending life , do what you can to curb that expense .
Cancel the subscription , stop buying the morning latte , take up running around your neighborhood instead of going to the gym .
But accept that you have more blind spots .
Do the best you can , knowing that five years from now you will in all likelihood look back on your present life and think , “ Really ?
I spent all that money on that ?
It seemed so important at the time .
What was I thinking ? ”
Whenever there was a discussion about TV trackers in the last couple of weeks , the spotlight has been on BTN .
While BTN definitely is a feature filled private tracker , it is not the only TV torrent site that ’s been improving .
This post is about ShareTheRemote ( better known as STR ) , another gazelle based tracker that ’s grown a fair bit since it ’s launch several months ago .
STR recently introduced a number of changes to its ratio system – this includes new free leech modes ( half leech , double upload ) , changes to what users placed under ‘ ratio watch ’ can download , changes to their TV show database ( TheTVDB ) and other minor tweaks .
ShareTheRemote is currently closed for signup but they do have an official invites IRC channel where potential new members can get invited .
Quoted below are some of the recent changes made to STR , as posted on news items on site homepage :
We have modified our tracker to support two new freeleech types .
These are ' half - leech ' and ' double upload ' .
Their functions are just as their names imply ; when downloading half - leech torrents , only half of the data you download will be counted , and double upload torrents will award double the upload credit that you seed .
Effective Immediately : Torrents over 25GB are no longer freeleech , they are now half - leech .
Although this change may be met with some disparity , it is for the better of the site 's health .
Allowing so many large torrents to be freeleech was having detrimental effects on their seeder retention and the site 's economy .
We will be evaluating ways to counterbalance the loss of this freeleech for new users , so feel free to make suggestions !
We plan to use double upload as an incentive for people to download and seed underseeded torrents .
We have n't came up with exact numbers for this yet , but we hope to have it implemented within the next few days .
Finally , due to TheTVDB 's frequent downtime and decision to block embedding images from another torrent site , banners hosted on TheTVDB may no longer be used .
It is still encouraged to use banners from that site , however you should first upload them to an image hosting site such as imgur .
Since we felt that the ratio brackets were not adequate for the size of torrents on this site , we 've increased them by a factor of 1.5 .
This effectively increases the grace period for new users to 15 GB .
A full list of ratio requirements is available at rules.php?p=ratio .
We 've rolled out another set of tracker changes that we hope you guys will enjoy .
The most notable of these changes is that users on ratio watch can now download full freeleech torrents .
We hope that this will help users who find themselves on ratio watch without torrents that receive frequent traffic work their ways off of it .
To fix an oversight on my part , torrents may now be any logical combination of the three freeleech types .
The main reasoning behind this change is to allow underseeded half - leech torrents to be double upload as well .
Additionally , the tracker now supports ' single user freeleech ' .
This feature treats every torrent as freeleech for any user who has this flag set .
Although we do not know how or if this feature will be used , we decided to add it to prevent a later recompile if we decide to implement it .
Although somewhat overshadowed by the success of BTN , ShareTheRemote too boats an impressive set of site features .
They too have a TV Shows Database , detailed series pages , staff picks and even a TV news section .
Series pages are similar to that of BTN – individual episodes and season packs for a particular show are accessible from a single location .
The collector add - on found on these pages makes downloading all available full season packs for a particular show a breeze .
In addition to the widgets you can see in the screenshot to the right , there is a recommendations add - on which suggests other similar shows to the user .
Currently , there are over 7200 users and nearly 5000 torrents indexed on this tracker .
Some of these torrents are full season packs and some , as said earlier , are individual episodes .
While STR already has a healthy flow of new daily torrents , they would need to improve this aspect if they are to compete against the likes of BTN , BMTV , etc who definitely add more content every day .
STR has been open for registration several times in the past but the site is currently invite only .
However , there ’s still hope for those who missed the open registrations ( or for those hearing about this tracker for the first time right now ) .
Although many are unaware , STR has an official invites channel hosted on their IRC server .
You may get an invite by following the procedure mentioned on the channel topic .
Site Name : ShareTheRemote ( http://sharetheremote.org/)
IRC Channel Details :
Server : irc.sharetheremote.org
: irc.sharetheremote.org
Channel : #invite
: #invite Direct Link : irc://irc.sharetheremote.org/invite
Related Articles
Sample Personal Statement for Medical Engineering / BioMedical Informatics
At the age of 19 , millions of Chinese high school students would be battling for college admissions through a fiercely competitive nationwide entrance examination .
Because of the competitiveness of the examination , half of the participants would be eliminated .
In sharp contrast , by the time when I am 19 years old next year , I will graduate from one of the best universities in China .
As my parents told me , I achieved a score of 190 points in an IQ test at the age of 2 , which was indicative of the potential of a child prodigy .
Recognizing and encouraging my special talents , my parents sent me into a special experimental class in a middle school when I was just nine .
Throughout my middle and high schools , I maintained outstanding scholastic performance , winning two special prizes at the provincial - level mathematics contests .
In 1999 , my special aptitudes qualified me as an undergraduate at the Institute of Computer Science and Information , Hunan University .
That year , I was merely 15 years old .
For me , entering university meant being exposed to a fascinating world of broad professional knowledge in which my yearning for acquiring in - depth knowledge could be satiated .
I chose to specialize in computer science and information because it is a subject that poses high demands on a student ’s ability in mathematics and in logical reasoning , the two areas in which I excel .
My love for mathematics , plus my special talents , has enabled me to pass all the core courses in my specialty with much facility .
My deep interest in mathematics has also led me to undertake some independent studies in many important courses .
Therefore , besides doing excellent coursework , I have allowed my interest to come into full play .
In studying each course , I have tried to grasp its essence .
For example , in learning Computational Theory , I started with the turning machine and Von Neumann Model , which made me marvel at the logical cogency embodied in those theories .
However , as I delved deeper into my studies , I came to realize their inherent flaw of mechanical nature behind their logical cogency .
With the latest developments of modern science such as the research in artificial intelligence , conventional theories have become infused with new vitality .
I came to be interested in AI and through my study of nerve network and knowledge engineering in AI , I realized the superiority of biological intelligence in terms of logical computation over the conventional computation method based on physical circuits .
What was even more exciting was that we could exploit this advantage for our own purpose through simulation based on the conventional physical circuits — the realization of artificial intelligence !
In this way , we can make full use of the intelligence evolved in nature over the past billions of years .
This understanding that I developed greatly stimulated my enthusiasm in studying AI and the relevant subject in biology .
Such a process replete with the joy of discovery also characterized my learning of many other important courses .
For instance , in learning the course Digital Device Designing , I introduced some modification and improvements into an encoding algorithm — Des .
My good scholastic foundation and my tremendous enthusiasm in coursework led to increasingly satisfactory results in my academic performance .
A close examination of my academic transcript will reveal that , after some initial difficulties adapting to the new academic environment in the first year ( considering the fact that I was just 15 ) , I have been achieving top scores in virtually all the core courses in my grade .
Nevertheless , classroom education has only constituted a part of my overall education .
For those courses that especially fascinate me , I have resorted to self - education as a means of increasing my knowledge both in breadth and in width .
In learning “ Group Theory ” in Discrete Mathematics , I used the textbook Abstract Algebra that is used by students of mathematics major and read some books written by Western authors in English .
In this way , I have gained a close understanding of the underlying theoretical foundation of this course in addition to becoming familiarized with its fundamental principles of application .
In the course of my self - education , I have endeavored to gain knowledge not merely through ( text ) books .
I have also attempted to obtain valuable guidance from leading experts both at home and abroad through the Internet .
For example , on a specialized electronics website , I became “ acquainted ” with an engineer from the Bell Laboratory and through our constant exchanges he has provided me with much professional instruction and help in my specialty .
I am a person who likes to meet challenges .
In order to train myself in a comprehensive manner , I took part in all the talent contests that were available to me .
For instance , I participated in the Grand Contest of Mathematical Modeling for College Students Nationwide and the Mathematical Modeling Contest of American Students .
In the first contest , my task was to solve problems in angiogram .
Based on my research experience in this contest , I have written a treatise .
In the second contest , I received Honorable Mention .
Especially worth mentioning is that in the process of modeling I conducted some relatively thorough study of a problem of deciphering genetic codes .
In searching for a solution to this problem , I came to realize the tremendous practical value of Bioinformatics and its huge potential of development .
This constitutes the primary motivation of my choosing Bioinformatics as the specialty in my prospective degree program .
Finally , I would like to call your attention to approximately a dozen of prizes that I won in various contests including the First Prize for the National English Contest for College Students and many honors I received such as one of the Ten Most Distinguished College Students of Hunan Province .
In order to apply the knowledge I have learned to realistic situations and to enhance my problem - solving skills , I participated in a research project launched by the Modern Distance Learning Technology Standard Committee of China ’s Ministry of Education .
In this project , I was made responsible for Task 13 & 14 — the construction of mathematical models .
In undertaking those two tasks , I introduced the project response theory in Bioinformatics which helped solve the problem of framing modeling standards .
I have completed two research papers based on my findings in this project , one of which is entitled The Fuzzy Nerve Network for Task Model and Task Application .
These two papers have been submitted to an academic journal and are expected to be published soon .
I have several experiences similar to this one ( please refer to my Resume for a more detailed account ) .
As I mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs , I have been exposed to many aspects of Bioinformatics while learning computation theories and artificial intelligence .
This exposure has permitted me to become aware of the close relationship between computer and biology .
In addition , I have always been fascinated with biology .
Those two factors have prompted me to choose bioinformatics as my area of specialization in the prospective degree program .
For four years , I have been following closely the relevant information concerning the leading research institutes in the world in the field of Bioinformatics .
To the best of my knowledge , the Bioinformatics and Integrative Genomics ( BIG ) affiliated to the Division of Health Sciences and Technology ( HST ) jointly launched by Harvard and MIT conducts research that is of leading standard in the world .
As two top - ranking universities in the world , Harvard and MIT are the two sacred palaces of science that every student committed to a life of science naturally yearns to enter .
In order to gain admission into such a sacred palace to develop myself into a well - trained scientist , I have always been concerned about the requirements necessary for applying for an advanced degree program in BIG and have tried consciously to improve myself in various aspects so that I can meet those challenging requirements .
I believe that by now I have fully prepared all the necessary qualifications for applying for your prestigious university where I am ready to face the most demanding challenges .
I am also convinced that my future studies would be as rewarding as they are successful .
Last year was good for rail safety despite the Luas crash in O'Connell Street and the collapse of the Malahide railway viaduct , according to a report .
The Railway Safety Commission said it is actively working with Iarnród Éireann and Luas operator Veolia to make sure there is no repeat of those two incidents .
The Commission said Luas trams were involved in 23 % less vehicle accidents and 10 % less pedestrian accidents last year compared to 2008 .
Iarnród Éireann did not have any passenger fatalities or serious injuries but three trespassers and one construction worker were killed .
The report found there was a moderate increase in broken rails and signals passed at danger but fewer collisions and derailments .
The number of bridge strikes , 114 , was the same as in 2008 .
Los Angeles authorities plan to use hundreds of images taken from police videos , business surveillance cameras , TV news footage , Twitter posts and Facebook pages to identify people who committed crimes after the L.A. Lakers NBA championship win last week .
Local police have already arrested 46 people but expect that number to grow .
Officials warn it could take months to identify and arrest the suspects .
The Los Angeles Fire Department 's arson unit on Friday released onto YouTube video of people smashing and setting fire to a taxi cab -- asking the public for help identifying those responsible for the damage .
As of Monday , that video had gotten almost 200,000 views , and officials said they ’ve gotten several solid tips .
LAPD officials said they believe it's worth the effort to track down the assailants -- even if it takes weeks or months .
“ In the age of phone cameras and digital video devices , it has in essence deputized the public in fighting camera , ” said Lt. Paul Vernon .
“ It has added to the maxim that police are the public and the public are the police . ”
An Arizona sheriff is calling on Mexican officials to apologize for what he says is a " threatening " advertisement .
The ad shows a man wearing camouflage looking through binoculars with the words : " In Sonora we are looking for people from Arizona . "
The advertisement , which ran Friday in the Arizona Republic , caught the eye of Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , who posted the VisitMexico.com / GoToSonora.com spot on his Twitter page and asked citizens to call Mexican Tourism Board offices for clarification .
" Are they threatening us ?
Do they not want us to go to Mexico for tourism ?
It 's mindboggling , " Arpaio told FoxNews.com on Monday .
" I do n't think it was in good taste . "
Arpaio said he found the advertisement " inappropriate " and called on Mexican officials to apologize .
" I want everybody to call the Tourism Board , " Arpaio said .
" To me , it 's a threatening type of advertisement . "
Javier Tapia , coordinator of the Tourism Promotion Commission of Sonora , said the second version of the advertisement , which ran on Saturday , features the words " who want to have a great time " following the initial line " In Sonora we are looking for people from Arizona . "
A scene of beachgoers also can be seen in the reflection of the binocular lenses , an element that did not appear in the original " teaser " advertisement .
Tapia insisted neither the first nor second versions of the ad were intended as a threat .
" We want to be very aggressive in our push , but we 're not trying to scare anybody , " he told FoxNews.com .
" We 're looking for the opposite -- we want everyone to feel very welcome here in Sonora . "
John Zidich , president and publisher of the Arizona Republic , said he was not aware of any complaints to the newspaper regarding the advertisement .
He declined to discuss its content .
" We have worked with the state of Sonora for many years to assist them with Arizona 's tourism to Mexico , " Zidich told FoxNews.com .
" We started a discussion months ago to prepare for this upcoming season and have a good relationship with them as a client . "
The sole purpose of the advertisement was to " drive tourism " to Mexico , Zidich said .
In a statement to FoxNews.com , the Mexico Tourism Board said the purpose of the advertisement was to attract Arizonans .
“ This ad was not placed by the Mexico Tourism Board , but rather by the Sonora State Tourism Secretariat .
It looks as if the ad was cropped by the person who posted it , " the statement read .
" I am sure that the Sonora State Tourism Secretariat will be glad to comment on the full content of the ad , but undoubtedly its purpose was to attract visitors from Arizona , one of Sonora 's main tourism feeder markets . "
Micky Klausner , of Scottsdale , Ariz. , told abc15.com he found the advertisement bizarre .
" It 's kind of bizarre , I do n't get it , I do n't like it , " Klausner told the website .
" They want us to come to Mexico .
Does that mean they 'll be watching us ? "
Klausner continued , " It 's enough , you can tell with what it says , ' We 're looking for people from Arizona . '
I do n't care for it . "
Next Saturday it would have been 100 days since I last heard from MM .
When I reflected on this last week , I realized he had never been completely silent for that long .
Today I received the sad news our dear friend passed away .
I had the honor and the privilege of corresponding with MM behind the scenes regarding the re-publication of his 101 Best Of on The Story Department .
In the few communications we had , he struck me as a passionate , generous man with a big heart , completely consistent with his online persona .
I missed his regular blog posts after 2009 and when I asked his permission to republish the Best Of as Mystery Man on Monday , he did n’t just agree ; he offered to write a whole new article every month .
He only managed to write two .
Mystery Man ’s writing could have hardly been labeled as ‘ musings ’ .
They were thorough analyses , merciless rants or declarations of unconditional love .
He showed a razor sharp vision , a disregard for ego but above all : a big , warm passion for the craft .
I ’m humbled that the last new article Mystery Man published on the web , was here on the Story Department .
His very last tweet on 4 March was a link to that article .
You can still see his last tweets on the front page of his web site www.mysteryman.org, which he only launched late last year .
All his original blog posts still reside at Blogspot .
In honor of MM , and as agreed with him , I will continue to publish his Best Of articles here every Monday .
Meanwhile , more than I have ever anticipated any publication before , I look forward to reading MM ’s free screenwriting book .
Let ’s all make that book the new standard in our industry and finally start that much needed Screenwriting Revolution !
When this happens MM will be smiling , while smoking a big fat Havana .
“ Hehehe … ”
Karel
— — — — —-
UPDATE :
Scott Myers is paying tribute to Mystery Man this weekend .
REMEMBERING MM :
Mamet Speak : A Blog talk with Josh James
Mystery Man’s 7 Scripts You Gotta Read on mypdfscripts.com
Plenty of hype , but a bad night for Orly Taitz and other birthers
In the end , the hype took birther attorney Orly Taitz to a decisive 49 - point defeat in the race for the GOP nomination for California secretary of state .
Mainstream Republican candidate Damon Dunn , who got into that race earlier and raised seven times as much money , carried every county and won more than 1 million votes ; Taitz will end up with around 370,000 votes .
That 's less than some people expected , but for a fringe candidate who had only 21 donors , it 's fairly impressive .
By contrast , the much - covered stunt campaign of former ( and future ? ) blogger and author Mickey Kaus racked up only 94,000 votes in the primary against Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Ca . ) .
Taitz outpolled both of the losers in the GOP's U.S. Senate primary , former congressman Tom Campbell and assemblyman Chuck DeVore .
David Freddoso was one of several conservatives who lashed out at liberals for speculating that Taitz ever had a chance , and called Politico one of the outlets that was " unjustifiably bullish " about her chances .
But the point of the pre-election speculation was that no one knew how votes would break down in an under - reported race like this .
In the end her total looks more like the first polling numbers we saw on belief in the " Obama was born abroad conspiracy " -- disturbingly high , but nowhere close to a majority .
Still , there was a less colorful defeat for believers in that conspiracy over in South Dakota .
Chris Nelson , the GOP secretary of state , had speculated that Obama 's citizenship might be a scam .
He watched a huge early advantage crumble and lost handily to State Rep. Kristi Noem .
Welcome To The Insane Asylum - Our Collective Psychosis
Chapter 2
For those who missed chapter 1 in this series of 5 , may I suggest you click the link below and read from the beginning before moving forward to this chapter ?
As I said in chapter 1 , this is n’t 5 individual articles but rather 1 article broken into 5 chapters for easier consumption .
While I did make an effort to ensure some continuity between the sections , it ’s minimal and inadequate .
Your reading pleasure would be best served if you read the chapters in the order presented .
Thank you .
http://www.zerohedge.com/article/welcome-insane-asylum-%E2%80%93-our-collective-psychosis-chapter-one
Suicide by Cognitive Dissonance
I ’m always fascinated how I ’m able to maintain two ( or more ) contrary views or beliefs in my mind , often without being aware they represent opposite positions .
This of course makes them illogical and unsustainable .
Inevitably , when I find myself troubled or irritable , a careful inward search usually finds a cognitive dissonance creating havoc in my mind which is often deliberately hidden from me by my ego .
The sign of this dissonance is invariably the emotional pain or trauma I ’m feeling at the moment .
Sometimes I experience it as a fight or flight sense of panic that suddenly takes hold .
Wow !
Where ’d that come from ?
Why is it that every time I find some hidden cognitive contradiction or discord , it ’s nearly always being promoted or obscured by my ego ?
There seems to be constant conflict between my unconscious , which is all seeing and knowing , my ego , where much of our daily business of living is conducted , and my conscious awareness , which now - a - days is n’t all that aware .
Why is my ego constantly shielding me from perceived dangers that may or may not really be harmful ?
Do n’t I want to know the truth , to be aware of my world ?
Often when I explore these conflicts I find that some of these dissonances are trivial , almost like little white lies .
But the ego does n’t hide each conflict as a self contained unit , intact and in one place .
They ’re scattered all over the place because each piece is often used in multiple distortions and deceits , almost like an intelligent operating system conserving scarce resources and hard drive space .
Only in this case , the intelligent operating system , aka the ego , intends to self deceive by way of subterfuge or outright lies .
It seems so contrary to common sense for the ego , which is clearly not well suited to managing our affairs on a daily basis , to be front and center 24 / 7 .
This conundrum led me to research the subject and much has been written on this by many authors to date .
An interesting theory is that some catastrophic event or trauma experienced by our ancestors thousands of years ago catapulted our ego forward from its former reserve status as emergency manager in waiting .
Julian Jaynes published some ideas on this subject back in 1976 , ideas that are finally receiving the attention they deserve , principally because the science of imaging our brain while performing tasks has substantiated many of Jaynes suppositions .
The many suspected reasons for this egoic change are beyond the scope of this article .
But it does seem clear that earth ’s biological system has suffered severe damage because we ( our ego ) are n’t cooperating with nature .
As I said earlier , our insanity does n’t appear to serve our ultimate evolutionary purposes , though there are plenty of people who will argue that human activity is quite natural and normal .
Ironically , insanely , we ’ve convinced ourselves we ’re normal when our actions might best be described as self will run riot .
Many have inferred that our materialism is directly related to our egoic mind .
I ’ve often wondered if the sequence is n’t the other way around , that as certain human cultures became more materialistic over the past three or four thousand years , they became increasingly toxic and ill from their growing self centered materialistic way of life .
For the sake of this discussion , assume that materialism is ultimately unhealthy for humans for a whole host of reasons , a view I feel is unquestionably correct .
If so , then the ego would see this materialistic “ condition ” as a continuous emergency , requiring the ego to remain front and center in order to “ save ” our consciousness and body from ourselves by shielding us from our most destructive tendencies .
This would be similar to our immune system rallying to protect our body from toxins that enter the body , even if we accidentally or intentionally ingested the toxins .
The immune system ( ego ) protects itself by protecting the host , meaning us .
Without the host body , the immune system ( ego ) has no function or ability to exist , thus it defends us from all attacks , even suicidal attacks by us against ourselves , either individually or collectively .
The ego would be acting in much the same way the computers on those Mars rovers do , where various failsafe modes kick in when things start to go wrong .
If nothing else , live to fight another day , even if the one we ’re fighting is ourselves .
Our immune system does n’t make value or moral judgments of the crisis or the host and neither does our ego .
Nor would we want our emergency back - up system , the ego , to make value judgments in order to determine if it should step in or not because it might just make the wrong one .
When its only purpose is to keep the system ( us ) alive , nothing else matters if the system is under attack .
Maybe the ego is shielding us from our madness in order to protect us for as long as possible from our insanity ?
Egoic Moral Suasion
Interestingly , from another point of view , this could all be a positive feedback loop gone terribly wrong .
Maybe it was some ancient trauma that brought forward our formerly waiting - in - the - wings emergency manger to full time duty .
But by being up front all the time rather than in the background , the ego is causing terrible long term destruction and distortions within us primarily because of the extremely blunt and unbalanced tools ( mostly fear ) it uses to control / influence us .
We must remember that our ego sees itself as a separate entity and not necessarily “ us ” .
As the ego tries to clean up or control the mess caused by its constant presence , maybe it turned our natural tendency to store supplies for lean times into a materialistic obsession as some sort of a diversion from the chaos .
The captain always makes sure there ’s plenty of work to keep the crew busy , particularly during unsettled times .
Remember that the ego is not bound by logic or rational reasoning , only by the desire for both the ego and the host to survive using the equivalent of moral suasion .
Mostly this means fear , which can manifest as greed , lust , gluttony and other not so obvious fear based emotions .
I ’m basically talking about the 7 deadly sins .
The result might explain our current mad dash into materialism , which is promoted by our ego in order to distract us from the damage caused by the ego being in constant control and doing a poor job of it .
In my view , our insanity is caused in part by our out - of - control ever present ego and partly because we have so completely separated from our center , our core being that for yens of thousands of years lived in harmony with nature .
These two causes are not mutually exclusive and actually fit quite well together .
An example of this distraction would be the way we attempt to distract a crying baby with sounds , music or moving objects to divert their attention from their discomfort or trauma .
Consider all the brightly colored toys you dangle in front of your son or daughter to quiet them down when they ’re loudly letting you know they ’re unhappy .
The impulse to do this is definitely present in all of us , even if we do n’t have children .
Sit behind a crying baby on a plane and you ’ll do anything to calm the infant short of jumping off the plane or physically hurting the child .
This includes silly faces for the baby and angry faces for the mother .
Regardless we need to explain , or at least to understand , man ’s suicidal obsession and addiction to materialism if we ’re going to cope with our present condition .
While there are many people on both sides of this argument , from my point of view man clearly does not co-exist with nature .
This is contrary to the actions and behavior of nearly every single plant and animal species on earth , at least those who have not passed into extinction , a path we seem to be following .
I ’ve always had a great distaste for the popularly held concept of evolution as “ survival of the fittest ” .
If we look closely we see that in nature , it ’s “ survival of those who fit best within the whole ” that best describes how Mother Nature works .
And also our best chance for long term survival .
Our delusion that technology alone will save us from ourselves is the best example I can use to illustrate our insanity .
Nature in my opinion is the ultimate cooperative effort for the betterment of the whole , an egalitarian state if ever there was one .
Passages in the Bible instructing us to hold dominion over the earth , including everything on it , seems to be a rationalization for breaking the sacred contract all inhabitants of Earth are bound by .
Let me step back to the original thought of our ego protecting us from our materialism .
Since the ego is the emergency manager of the consciousness and the host body , it would make sense for the ego to see this unnatural materialism as a threat , both to itself and to the host body / consciousness .
Because the ego is currently untethered , the ego would handle this situation the best way it could , using the only tools at its disposal , that of fear , self deception and self deceit .
Humans ( as we currently are ) have existed for tens of thousands of years .
So from the ego ’s point of view , this short period of insanity ( the past couple thousand years ) must simply be suffered through until our collective sanity returns .
Maybe our ego really is protecting us from ourselves until we get better .
I went insane and all I got was this lousy T - shirt and a megalomaniac ego .
The native cultures of nearly all the continents were rarely as materialistic as the Europeans and Americans , despite possessing equal if not greater intelligence .
And , at least for the North and South American native cultures , equal access to natural resources .
So what happened ?
Why did the Europeans tribes diverge from hundreds of similar cultures scattered throughout the world thousands of years ago , forsaking a more natural and homeopathic relationship with the earth for the naval gazing narcissistic materialistic approach that eventually destroyed ( and is still destroying ) all those cultures unlucky enough to be blessed with our presence ?
Since every other culture had the same opportunity to break off , and for the most part did not , what came over the Europeans ?
Why were they afflicted with this insanity ?
From this point of view , our “ Material Girl ” culture might truly be a mental / spiritual sickness or illness as I ’ve been suggesting when I call us insane .
The native American Indians ( to name just one indigenous culture ) express exactly this opinion , calling it the white man ’s disease .
Consider that the duties of the shaman were to teach his people how to keep the ego under control and in the back seat of the canoe .
How and why did it all go wrong in Europe ?
It appears that this materialism truly began to fester as Europe came out of the Dark Ages .
While the entire world was also immersed in this Dark Age , the other cultures did not seem to be as afflicted as the Europeans .
Look at the Muslim Middle East , the Far East of China and Japan ; even Africa and the Americas did n’t suffer as Europe did .
These regions exited the dark ages more or less intact .
Was this where the ego virus finally took control and infiltrated the human mind , in Europe during the dark ages ?
If only we could call upon Sherman and Mr. Peabody and their WABAC ( “ wayback ” ) machine for a trip back in time .
I suspect we would find that our ( winners ) history books would need to be revised .
It ’s Not Me , It ’s You .
Regardless of the reasons for our insanity , the biggest and most destructive lie of all is the one about those / they / them being the evil perpetrators and me / us / we being the innocent victims .
We cannot see , let alone conceive , that living among and within our secret lies , self deceptions and illusions is what ’s driving us mad and thus how false the perception of “ us ” and “ them ” are .
We ’re all part of a living breathing economic and social system and while on the surface there are definite distinctions , we ’re all co-dependent .
Since nearly all of the intellectual , cultural and religious reference points that supposedly show us we ’re sane were constructed by our insanity to feed and reinforce our insanity , how can we trust them ?
I suspect this alone would drive us all quickly mad if not for the inner resource we all posses , the capability to recognize and understand “ truth ” at our very core .
I ’m talking about our sixth sense , our gut , our instinct , that natural or innate impulse , inclination or tendency inherent in all of us to one degree or another .
And which we ’ve been conditioned to ignore , even reject , in favor of a “ higher ” influence , that of technology by way of cruise ships and cruise missiles , of central air conditioning and central government .
This is n’t an anti technology statement , this is a pro human statement .
Technology itself is neither good nor bad ; it ’s how it ’s applied and the people applying it and using it that I have a problem with .
When discussing technology , advocates fail to recognize that humans have used technology for tens of thousands of years .
The problem has always been bad cell phone reception . :>)
All kidding aside , any tool is technology .
Reed baskets to carry food or possessions , fire to cook and heat , carefully crafted stones used to cut , grind or pound , beasts of burden used to haul or plow the fields or as transportation , nets to catch fish or animals , fur or treated animal skins used as clothing , spears and arrows with stone points and so on .
So the argument that technology is killing us is wrong and missing the point .
I ’ve often felt that technology helps hide our growing distance from both each other and ourselves .
One need only witness two people texting each other while ten feet apart to understand that statement .
Consider how many of us are desperate for human contact yet will phone , text , chat and blog rather than walk outside and meet the neighbor we ’ve been living next to for the past 4 years and do n’t even know by name .
Is this not the definition of insanity , of our collective madness ?
I relocated 12 years ago to the region I now live in .
After moving in , I walked around to my nearest neighbors , knocking on doors and introducing myself .
You would have thought I was a rapist asking for willing victims the way I was treated .
Worse , I ’ve related this story to easily a few hundred people over the past 12 years , including friends , family and clients .
And every single person shakes their head in agreement that it ’s crazy I was treated this way , as if they never ignored their unknown and unnamed neighbors .
It ’s always someone else who ’s showing signs of insanity , not me .
This is sheer and utter madness ; self centered narcissistic naval gazing taken to the suicidal level .
It ’s the cumulative concentration I ’m talking about , not the individual incidents , which can always be easily explained away , thus maintaining our own denial .
Welcome to the Insane Asylum
The only way we can sustain our existence while surrounded by this self deception is to lie even more about it , which only serves to drive us deeper into our madness in an endless positive feedback loop of insanity .
We ’re all on an exponential curve to hell of our own making , nurtured by our insanity and perpetuated by our denial .
First we deny , then we deny our denial , then we forget we denied our denial .
Welcome to the insane asylum , where all are welcome and no one may leave , where everyone is both medical staff and suffering patient .
While in theory attendance in the asylum is voluntary , in practice it must be mandatory .
However , in order to feed our delusion of freedom , our presence is seductively promoted as optional and cleverly disguised as choice .
Attendance must be mandatory because any sanity within the madness acts as an antibiotic , eating into all the intertwined self deceptions and delusions that form the basis for the madness virus .
Sanity quickly disperses the madness by cutting away the illogical and irrational threads that loosely bind our insanity together .
Thus the reason why we never step back for a big picture point of view and why so much is left unsaid and unasked .
Sanity is a mortal danger to the collective insanity and must be cut out and removed if at all possible .
Or at the very least , any sanity must be repressed at all costs .
Aberrant thought or acts , defined as anything outside the range of 45 to 55 on a 1 to 100 scale , is quickly cauterized and rushed off the American Idol stage of life .
Welcome to the machine we all claim to hate but from which we derive our subsistence and support .
We have become psychotic cannibals eating away at our own sanity in order to remain comfortably insane .
Oh the inhumanity of it all .
Just a few people living and acting sanely function as a “ sane ” super antibiotic powerful enough to kill off a much larger number of the insane faster than a wooden stake to a vampire ’s heart .
Insanity simply can’t tolerate reason , logic or compassion in precisely the same way truth becomes extremely dangerous to those whose intent is to deceive or to thieve .
The leverage gained from a small number of sane people acting to counteract the insanity will be discussed in an upcoming chapter of this essay because it ’s one of the keys to our Escape from New York .
I ’m Certified Sane .
What About You ?
To deny that this cultural insanity is a part of us , to deny that it must be recognized and then treated collectively by us is equivalent to claiming that the open cut on our arm is n’t our problem because we did n’t ask for it , did n’t cause it and do n’t want it ; thus we most certainly are n’t responsible for it .
So we ignore it as it progresses from open cut to festering wound to stinking puss filled gash to gangrenous mass to agonizing death .
Since everyone else acts the same way , the herd reinforces our individual and collective behavior as the one and only proper conduct allowed and acceptable .
We ’ll ride our righteous indignation , which we concoct to rationalize and justify our inaction , all the way to our grave , screaming at the top of our lungs as we reach for the white light at the end of the crazy train tunnel “ See , I told you I was n’t responsible for it ” .
Madness !
This is madness masquerading as normalcy .
And perfectly understandable when you consider that the madmen with the butterfly nets , meaning you and I , are making the rules and running the show .
Why would we possibly endeavor to stick our heads out of our protective shells long enough to be decapitated .
The genius of our insanity is breath taking , both figuratively and literally .
When considering our ( human ) behavior , I often apply what I ’ve coined the “ space alien observer test ” .
Animal behaviorists study their subjects over long periods of time in an effort to discern not only what ’s going on but often the hidden reasons why .
If we attempt to apply these same techniques to the study of ourselves , how does one study humans ( us ) if we ’re all insane ?
If we accept that much of our behavior is natural and thus reasonable and logical , how can we see anything wrong with what we do n’t recognize as abnormal ?
If you do n’t expect to find abnormal behavior and all you do see is “ normal ” behavior , I suspect most everyone is going to get a passing grade .
The “ experts ” are particularly susceptible to falling into this trap , having been conditioned and indoctrinated by the very same system they ’re now expected to critically examine .
I ’m a so - called expert , having earned the full gauntlet of personal financial planning and security analyst certifications .
All that this extensive training and testing succeeded in doing was to teach me how to recognize what ’s considered “ normal ” by the consensus and how to remain hidden in plain sight .
Additionally I ’m accepted by the other financial experts as one of the chosen .
Until recently I was regularly invited to the club for drinks and dinner until I exposed myself ( by dropping trousers ) as a heretic and non believer .
Damn , I ’ll miss those Cuban cigars .
But all those calculations and charts are extremely convincing and unless I can regurgitate them come test time ( and for continuing education ) I wo n’t receive my accreditation as a “ sane ” expert financial planner / analyst .
I occasionally make fun of my officially sanctioned and accredited sanity by saying “ Hi , my name is [ CD ] and I ’m a recovering financial planner .
It ’s been 12 years since I last planned . ”
Life ’s good since I got clean and sober and interestingly my clients are better off as well , at least financially .
All experts have an inherent conflict of interest .
Since experts are officially considered by the hive elders as “ sane ” they must be the best judge of insanity , right ?
“ Yup , that looks fine to me .
Where do I send the bill ? ”
Brings to mind a few Outer Limits programs where the poor sap is left to prove he ’s sane after being diagnosed insane by insane people .
The only logical ( sane ? ) way to examine humans is to use non humans as observers , thus the reasoning behind my “ space alien observer test ” .
Of course , this is ( for now ) simply an intellectual exercise unless any aliens passing as human among us want to volunteer for duty . :>)
Watch yourself carefully for a day or two .
You ’ll be shocked how nonsensical most of your behavior is and how difficult it would be to explain and rationalize our behavior to non humans , let alone your spouse .
While we believe we spend the day actively engaged , thinking , weighting and considering , it ’s surprising how much of our waking moments are spent on auto pilot and disengaged .
This is when we ’re vulnerable , when we ’re distracted and dazed , when any remaining sanity slips and our programming takes over .
I suspect the average person will quickly abandon our little experiment after he or she comes face to face with all the little dissonances and incongruities of daily living .
It really is more comfortable back in the ignorant bliss of the collective insanity .
The Sliding Scale of Our Insanity
Many of us saw the 2008 crash coming well before the general population and we should acknowledge our insight and awareness .
But this does n’t mean we ’re significantly smarter , more aware or better able to see other “ truths ” .
And it does n’t excuse us from our responsibility to fix our collective problems .
In fact , our awareness instills in us the responsibility of the first responder .
Just because we were the first to spot the burning house does n’t excuse us from volunteer firefighting duties when the paid firefighters do n’t show up .
We do n’t get to brandish this honor like a multiyear long insane asylum hall pass or a get - out - of - the - insane - asylum free card .
How many other lies can we truly be aware of if we wo n’t examine the primary lies within ?
For many , it ’s too frightening to closely examine what we “ know ” because then we might be required to act .
I know this not just from speaking to others but first hand after deep reflection and some soul searching .
For a number of years I cooked up one excuse after another to justify doing nothing , including becoming a self appointed Paul Revere and riding from person to person spreading alarm and panic and doing absolutely nothing constructive .
But what a show I put on and it certainly was a soothing balm for my dishonesty .
Waking people from their slumber without offering constructive and actionable pathways out of the train crash is cruel and unusual punishment after the fact , something I ’ve been guilty of in the past .
My actions were equivalent to performing surgery and removing the anesthesia half way through the operation .
In many respects , waking the slumbering without offering a way out ca n’t be justified morally .
I ’m about to experience a car crash and my spouse is sleeping in the passenger seat .
Do I wake my spouse to witness the crash or do I ask her to help me navigate around the disaster ?
If all I have to offer is awareness to the impending disaster , I might as well let her sleep .
Or I can grow up and accept my responsibility and lead the way out since I ’m already awake .
BTW the slumbering mass instinctively understands the inherent danger of waking in the middle of major surgery .
They also seem to understand that the vast majority of us really do n’t understand the problem and have no viable solution to offer .
Thus it appears to them we simply want someone else to enjoy the show with us as we view our collective suicide .
This is why we ’re regularly rejected by those we ’re trying to awaken .
I do n’t blame them because given the choice ; I ’d remain asleep as well .
We must be the solution and they will naturally awaken without any prodding by us .
More on how this can be done in the later chapters .
So , are we simply a sub herd of the insane , tightly packed together for warmth in a corner of the insane asylum , our territory carefully marked out in gold to identify the Zero Hedge tribe ?
Speaking only of myself , I have a tendency to create mountains out of mole hills to justify my inaction , to prove to myself and anyone else who asks that I ’ve considered all the variables and I ’ve concluded that to do nothing is the best course of action .
This is truly a self serving conclusion if ever there was one and I ’m proud to say I worked hard to achieve it .
I suspect we ’re convinced of our sanity simply because we can see more than those who wear hoods instead of blinders .
I think , therefore I ’m sane .
I hate to break the news to everyone , but some of our leaders are certifiably insane by any standard .
And yet many of them are extremely good thinkers , brilliant as a matter of fact .
We ’d better find a new test for ( in ) sanity because the one we ’re using has a few flaws .
Satan Lives Next Door
The ultimate and most seductive form of hubris is that which is exhibited by the insane as we revel in the supreme confidence of our sanity .
Anyone who has truly visited the depths of severe emotional instability will tell you that the climb back to sanity must be continuous with no pauses of any significance .
It ’s during those dangerous lulls that the backsliding begins and the vicious undertow of insanity pulls us back into the abyss .
Simply stated , for those returning from the depths of hell , it ’s either surface or drown .
I seriously doubt we would recognize this process if it were reversed and we were sinking , as we currently are .
I ’d say we ’re already in the bowels of hell , which I describe as our madness , and our eternal punishment is no knowledge of our own insanity .
Satan is my neighbor and I ’m Satan to my neighbor .
I ’m certain that given the choice , I ’d convince myself I ’m in heaven to relieve the awareness of the pain of hell .
Are we sane if we know at times we can be insane or are we insane if we know at times we can be insane ?
Maybe I have too much time on my hands , but these are questions I often ask .
A life unexamined just might be an insane life disguised as sanity .
On that sliding scale of 1 to 100 , where 1 is stark raving sane and 100 is stark raving mad , what ’s the real difference between 29 and 39 or between 51 and 74 ?
I submit that just because we saw the economic insanity in 2007 ( or whatever date we use to label our awakening ) does n’t mean we ’re now firmly planted at 1 or 5 or even 10 on the sane / insane scale .
To think this is the case is to substantiate my thesis that we ’re insane .
The definition of sanity is not that we saw the insanity of the economic collapse coming .
It was always obvious to the sane , considering the creation of the Fed in 1913 was this countries third stab at a central bank .
This is an extremely low hurdle to overcome .
Is n’t saying we awoke to the insanity implying that we were insane at one point ?
Are we so sure we ’re fully sane now ?
How can we tell ?
The first step is to ask the question and answer it honestly , since personal dishonesty leads to public dishonesty .
There ’s plenty more to see and learn .
Now that we can clearly see some of what the insane cannot , maybe we should consider that the bar is set suspiciously low .
While it ’s personally satisfying to clear those hurdles , we ’re only fooling ourselves if they ’re only 12 inches off the ground .
When an insane society selects the parameters to differentiate between sane and insane , it will select those parameters that include the greatest number of insane within the group declared and sanctified as sane .
I contend that the only qualifying parameter of sanity in our culture is simply membership in the majority , with the lowest uncommon denominator the line where we set the border fences .
As far as I can tell , given the problems outlined above in determining our own sanity , maybe the best we can hope for is to say that out of all the insane asylum inmates , the measure of insanity is to identify those who have adjusted well enough to their insanity that they can’t tell they ’re insane .
It sounds to me like ignorance is bliss and madness is nirvana .
I sure as hell hope they ’re serving pina coladas there because I ’m ready to party .
I ’m also fairly certain that 90 % of the world ’s population would read those last few paragraphs and be confident of a few things .
One , that I ’m the one who ’s insane and two , what does it matter if there ’s nothing we can do about it ?
Leaving aside the first item for my therapist and me to work out ( he ’s certified sane so he wo n’t kick me out of the hive as long as my insurance pays the bill ) if the second item were correct I would agree .
What does it matter ?
But since quite a few of earth ’s inhabitants ( including the plants and the other animals ) do n’t seem very happy living under present conditions and this seems to be a cycle that endlessly repeats itself , then it does matter and it can change .
Or at least that ’s my delusion .
We create our world on a daily basis based upon the image we collectively hold of what we believe it should be .
Since our perception is the only reality we know , it is n’t surprising that our reality matches our perception .
Thus a perfectly formed circle of circular logic is created along with our reality .
Conditions in the insane asylum are the way they are either because this is the way we want them to be or this is the way we think they should be or this is the only way they can be .
I would suggest we can change anything we wish as long as we can perceive and conceive it , for perception is reality .
Saying we can’t change anything is just another symptom of our collective insanity .
Let ’s explore this further before you dismiss me as a madman .
Which , based upon my own argument , I am .
Toxic Waste Dumps
We all have toxic waste dumps in our back yards which we individually and collectively allowed to accumulate for decades .
We even have some of our own toxic waste buried there .
But we wo n’t discuss it because if we do n’t talk about it , it ’s not real .
Those whom we claim should be responsible for this mess are doing nothing about it .
And I promise you they ’ll continue to do nothing about it , regardless of the lies we tell ourselves concerning all those indictments , law suits and subpoenas suddenly cropping up all over the place , because we ’re doing nothing about it .
It ’s all coal smoke blown up our collective butts because we ’re doing the blowing .
“ They ” ( meaning us ) are stalling , acting out our insanity in real time .
They wo n’t stop until we stop because they ’re following our script and our lead .
It hurts to admit that we ’re the architects of this madness , that we have anything to do with this mess .
So we deny , then we deny our denial , then we forget we denied our denial .
I love circular logic because it ’s so logical and to the insane ( us ) our insanity is wonderfully logical and reasonable .
Madness is always pure in form and function .
Any loose ends are quickly cut adrift because insanity makes it up on the fly .
Insanity is not a slave to rigid logic , which makes it deliciously attractive and extremely well attended .
The Ponzi amusement park ride wo n’t dismantle itself simply because we ask it to do so for the hundredth time .
BTW , do n’t forget to ask nicely because we can’t have social unrest .
Which if we think about it would be us acting out against us because we ’re angry with us .
( That was fun to write . )
Nor will it stop even if we hang a few patsy leaders .
There are always more swine ready to belly up to the trough after one is dragged off to the butcher ’s for taking more than its share .
The spectacle of the slaughter satisfies our sense that something needs to be done with the troublesome swine ( not me though ) while at the same time not derailing the consumption machine that feeds our own comfortable insanity .
We just wanted to blow off some steam , really , and the ham and bacon are welcome by - products .
It appears there ’s a colossal struggle going on right now .
The powers that be are attempting to maintain their denial ( our denial ) of a deflationary debt collapse and escalating political and social conflicts .
They ( we ) attempt to do this with their endless printing of fiat currency , bailout and bailout , public debt creation and private debt assumption .
Their ( our ) efforts fly in the face of the inevitable collapse of all social , economic and political systems dependent upon the false realty the powers ( we ) are attempting to maintain .
This battle has ebbed and flowed back and forth for centuries , but now appears to be headed for the largest global explosion mankind has ever created .
An explosion many will not survive , though there ’s still time to turn the ship to prevent total catastrophe .
Mirroring this state of affairs ( or if you accept my argument , the source of this state of affairs ) is the human race itself .
We ’re engaged in a titanic struggle with ourselves .
As we ’ve drifted further from our inner natural spiritual consciousness and authentic life , we ’ve repudiated our responsibility to live in peace and harmony with all of earth ’s living inhabitants in a sustainable and equitable manner .
We ’ve driven ourselves insane and we face imminent murder / suicide by our own economic and social creations .
In effect we ’ve been taking more from one side of the equation than nature and we are adding to the other side and balance is beginning to assert itself .
This is more than an oil or technology issue or event .
This is a tale about our effort to reject everything we were , are and could be in a mad dash to extract more and more material pleasure from a physical and spiritual universe that has only so much elasticity .
It ’s not about finding new worldwide energy sources in order to continue our materialistic life style .
We are in denial of our true inner source of strength and power .
We have allowed ourselves to be seduced by the illusion of receiving something for nothing for quite some time now .
We ’re a willing participant in our own madness and while we know this , we signal our denial by claiming it ’s someone else who ’s the guilty party .
Man is addicted to far more than just cheap energy and technology .
We ’re hooked on the superficial power of Gods at the expense of everything else around us , including ourselves .
Like an addict who no longer scores to get high but simply to stave off the pain of withdrawal , the thrill is gone and the old glorious highs of yesteryear are just a fuzzy pain filled memory .
Our deal with the devil , with ourselves really , is coming due and we ’re rapidly slipping into total madness to avoid the recognition that we ’ve met the demon and the demon is us .
Even if the reader does n’t agree with the thesis I ’ve offered , there ’s little doubt the big picture I ’ve sketched is accurate .
The fecal matter is clearly on an accelerating trajectory towards the fan .
So what am I going to do about this ?
What are you going to do about this ?
What are we going to do about this ?
If not us , who ?
If not now , when ?
These are legitimate questions that must be asked and answered regardless of our righteous indignation over the unfairness of the burden .
We are the one and only solution to “ we ” the problem .
Do we really think we can step aside and watch the insanity work itself out to some unknown conclusion and not be splattered with stray brains and fecal matter ?
Worse , do we think this is someone else ’s problem ?
When it really gets bad , we ca n’t escape to some off world safe house as intergalactic tourists , where we mingle with the friendly natives until the fat lady sings it ’s time to return .
This is not sane thinking .
If it is , then beam me up Scotty because I ’m sure as hell ready .
Maybe while I ’m visiting I can sell those aliens some iPhones .
Wait ; does n’t that make me the alien ?
Up to now we ’ve been working diligently to avoid responsibility .
And the principal method we employ is our intellect , which is used to identify the surface problems and point to the culprits .
We helpfully use labels like “ they ” or “ them ” to avoid acknowledging each of our small but critical parts in this ongoing charade .
It appears that we ’re just sitting around waiting for the end rather than rising to the challenge and meeting this crisis head on .
Incredibly , we seem to think our collective insanity will see the futility of its insanity and simply quit acting out its insanity .
That the bull wo n’t break anything important to us while lose in the china shop .
We really are expecting someone to step forward that we can quickly embrace as the savior .
Whom do we suppose will pull us back from the brink ?
Is this not the ultimate in false hope seeking and wishful thinking ?
I ’m pretty certain that sanity will be the last thing we demonstrate without first recognizing our own insanity .
And without immediate intervention , the patient will die ; only the death wo n’t be mercifully quick .
Where ’s our moment of clarity , that point of no return where one sees without a doubt that death is coming if everything does n’t change ?
Dis-Ease
Please do n’t mistake my critical questions as blanket criticism .
Nor that I ’m above the fray and that I ’ve had nothing to do with this .
I ’m fairly certain I ’m contributing my fair share to this insanity .
However , we must begin to ask the tough questions of ourselves as well as each other .
We ’re not innocent victims here and we need to recognize this .
We should n’t feel terribly uneasy simply because tough questions are being asked unless we ’re unable to answer them honestly .
A healthy mind and body can always withstand a thorough self examination and often grows as a result .
Our modern society considers the definition of health to be the absence of disease .
While I strongly disagree with this simplistic definition , for now let ’s stick with it .
The word disease breaks into “ dis ” and “ ease ” .
A healthy mind and body is in a state of “ ease ” with itself and the world while an unhealthy mind and body is in a state of “ dis-ease ” .
We express this condition by saying the mind or body has a disease or is diseased .
If we ’re going to point fingers at the lies of the Ponzi as proof of its “ dis-ease ” , we ’d better be able to withstand the same assault or crumble in the face of our own hypocrisy and insanity .
It seems to me we ’re reverting further and further into infantile behavior in order to avoid accepting any blame , however insignificant that might be .
And damn if we ’ll accept any responsibility for cleaning up a disaster we sure as hell did n’t cause .
“ Who ’s responsible for this mess ” we bellow in righteous indignation ?
“ Not me ” we reply .
“ I was in the bathroom when it happened .
See the urine stain on the front of my pants .
That ’s proof I was n’t there . ”
Well , that worked for me in second grade so why not now ?
“ It ’s not fair . ”
And on and on in an endless cycle of hide and go seek .
I agree !
It ’s not fair .
It sucks .
It bites the big one .
We ’ve been screwed , royally and repeatedly and without a reach around and a kiss on the cheek .
The game ’s rigged and the deck ’s stacked .
What can I say ; we ’ve been screwed , as in past tense .
This is of course assuming we ’re all victims with no personal involvement whatsoever .
Exactly who is the abuser and who is the abused since many of us have from time to time benefited from the screwing of others , either directly or indirectly ?
Need I explain how we benefited ?
But for the sake of this sub-argument , let ’s say we ’re the victims and we now stand victimized .
Now , what are we going to do about it ?
What exactly are we waiting for ?
Or maybe I should say who exactly are we waiting for ?
I suspect the vast majority of people would laugh if I said I was waiting for the Green Lantern or Superman to save the day .
So who do we really expect to step into this mess and pull our asses out of the meat grinder ?
At this point it does n’t appear it ’s going to be us .
But that ’s exactly who has to step up because there ’s no one else .
How Do We Begin ?
So let ’s begin to turn this corner .
How does one begin to talk about our collective insanity , about the things that are better left unsaid ?
Well to start , we begin by cleaning and disinfecting our wound , even if we do n’t believe it ’s our responsibility .
It ’s our wound and we ’ll die if we do n’t clean it .
It does n’t get any clearer than that .
We must look for the exit and disembark from the crazy train .
We must begin to discuss our crazy Aunt Alice , who ’s been locked in the attic for decades .
We must begin to acknowledge her existence with more than just whispered words of conspiracy .
“ Psst , it ’s your turn to change the sheets for you know who . ”
We must begin to push through the pain of our collective cognitive dissonance , releasing all the emotional pain we ’ve been desperately avoiding by denying poor Aunt Alice is alive and breathing .
Like a Jenga game gone mad , we stack lies upon lies in the insane belief that by applying more to the stack , we ’ll lessen the burden and increase the stability .
Each of us takes our turn preparing and serving Aunt Alice her meals , cleaning her clothes and brushing her hair .
Yet we do n’t discuss Aunt Alice among ourselves .
How does one even recognize what truth is when we ’re living a lie , when we welcome additional lies in order to be shielded from our earlier lies ?
Our insanity is that we believe we know what truth is when we ’ve rarely seen it and have actively rejected it most of our lives .
In a society and a world as dysfunctional as ours , the only way to begin to seek the truth is to tell the truth , first to ourselves and then to others .
But how can we do this when we ca n’t trust our own lying eyes or each other ?
We do so by rejecting what the external and internal control systems are telling us ( lie , lie , lie and lie some more ) while seeking a higher truth within .
And by demanding those we deal with not lie , either to us or to anyone else around us .
While doing so might cull a few friends from our calling circle , we need to start somewhere .
And I understand this requires courage because we ’ll be swimming upstream and against the current .
It ’s of the utmost importance to understand that what is sustaining the lie , including the “ Big Lies ” our government perpetuates , is the unwillingness to question the lie .
Unquestioned or unchallenged statements ( aka lies ) made by known or suspected liars ( beginning with ourselves ) become truth by default in the eyes of those who do n’t wish to be honest .
This starts with us .
If we are n’t rigorously honest with ourselves and those immediately around us , we ’ll always succumb to the seductive call of lies that are more comforting than truth .
“ Daddy , tell me another lie so that I may pretend it ’s the truth . ”
Additional lies have one purpose and one purpose only , to directly or indirectly support previous and / or future lies .
What do we do when we find ourselves in a hole of lies ?
We stop the cycle of lies supporting lies by applying a novel solution .
Demand the truth , both from ourselves and from those around us .
This is precisely the purpose of Zero Hedge .
Tyler , Marla and company stand on the soap box in the middle of our cultural town square and repeatedly cry foul regarding every lying utterance of the control system .
This includes lies perpetuated by the keepers of the myth , our so called main stream media and their talking head “ experts ” , along with various other sycophant hanger - on ’s and enablers .
But it ’s not enough for Zero Hedge to fight this battle single handedly .
We ’re deluding ourselves if we think that reading and commenting on Zero Hedge is fighting the good fight .
And we ’re also deluding ourselves if we think we can just sit back and watch it all burn .
That cut on our arm is starting to smell a bit putrid .
We might want to consider some self treatment .
We must do more and it must begin within .
If we ’re only willing to accept the truths that we ’re comfortable with or those that neatly fit our worldview and ignore anything that creates a cognitive dissonance , we ’re in effect enabling the continuation of the public lies and myth making and are no better than “ they ” or “ them ” .
In Chapter 3 of this continuing examination of our collective insanity , we ’ll begin to unfold the dynamics of the public lie , our often unconscious defense of the public lie , setting up our personal psychic firewalls , the Stockholm syndrome and the dynamics of the family when dealing with the addicted / abuser , Mother Nature ’s nose candy , how we can break the conditioning and then reinforce the changed behavior .
Please join me for the third lap of the pool .
Cognitive Dissonance 06/04/2010
The Gulf oil spill : An American Chernobyl
3 May 2010
With each passing day , the scale of the disaster unleashed by the oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico increases .
Somewhere between 5,000 ( the official estimate ) and 25,000 ( the estimate of some scientists ) barrels of oil is surging into the Gulf every day .
Before it is over , millions , if not tens of millions of gallons of oil will be washed up on America ’s wetlands and shorelines .
Eleven workers are already dead in the latest industrial disaster in the American energy industry .
Now , the fishing and seafood industry along the Gulf coast may be shut down for years , perhaps even a generation .
The destruction of the fragile ecosystems of the region will likely be irreparable .
The disaster implicates one of the world ’s largest corporations , British Petroleum , together with partners and subcontractors like Transocean Ltd. , operator of the drill rig , and Halliburton , which carried out major operations on the wellhead only a week before the explosion .
None of the giant corporations that created this disaster has any solution .
When it first began the deep - water drilling project 15 months ago , BP gave assurances that “ it is unlikely that an accidental oil spill release would occur from the proposed activities . ”
Even in the event of a spill , the company claimed that “ due to the distance to shore ( 48 miles ) and the response capabilities that would be implemented , no significant adverse impacts are expected . ”
The assurances given since the explosion have been no more believable .
BP and its partners claimed at first that the rig was stable and the well capped without leakage .
After the rig sank and the pipeline ruptured , BP said there was only incidental spillage of oil .
Even after admitting the existence of the leak , the company has sought to downplay the spill , and estimates have risen repeatedly .
In one worst - case scenario , the outpouring of oil could surge as high as 100,000 barrels per day .
Between Thursday morning and Friday evening , the oil slick created by the spill tripled in size , to nearly 4,000 square miles .
In addition to impacting on Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , the spill could spread down the Gulf Coast of Florida all the way to the Florida Keys , where the Gulf Stream current would pull the floating crude right around the end of the peninsula and up the Atlantic seaboard .
The disaster is already the worst spill on record in the continental United States .
If efforts fail to cap what one observer described as “ an undersea oil volcano , ” the flow could continue until the entire pool of oil hit by the drill rig is exhausted , making the spill by far the largest in history .
While references are now being made to “ Obama ’s Katrina , ” another comparison is perhaps more telling : Chernobyl .
The meltdown of the nuclear reactor in 1986 poisoned a large swath of Ukraine and Belarus and caused an estimated 50,000 deaths .
The event showed that , beneath claims of economic prosperity and military strength , the Stalinist regime in the USSR had become petrified and hollow .
The initial response of the Stalinist bureaucracy was to conceal and minimize the extent of the disaster .
Only with time did its scale reach a broader consciousness .
In the process , it exposed the bureaucracy ’s incompetence and indifference to the fate of the population .
For American capitalism , the past three decades have been a period of putrefaction — socially , economically , culturally , and politically .
The United States has clung to its position as the world ’s dominant military power , but its internal rot has only deepened .
In the name of “ getting government off your back ” and unleashing the power of the free market , corporate America was given license to plunder , while the social infrastructure of the country deteriorated drastically — a fact that was revealed most dramatically in the failure of the levees in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The Obama administration is matching the Bush administration in its subservience to the corporate elite and indifference to the welfare of the American people .
The April 20 disaster came barely a month after Obama announced authorization for the expansion of offshore drilling in the Gulf and Atlantic Coast , insisting that drilling was absolutely safe , and demonstrating his subservience to the oil companies .
Since the explosion , the main concern of the administration has been to divert a popular backlash against the oil monopolies .
BP has been left in control of the wellhead operations , in effect leaving the perpetrator in control of the crime scene .
The top government official on the scene , Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen , defended BP Friday against criticism for not planning for the kind of equipment failure that appeared to cause the disaster .
“ It ’s hard to write a plan for a catastrophic event that has no precedent , which is what this was , ” he said , “ what could never be in a plan , what you could n’t anticipate . ”
That such a statement can be made is only testament to the recklessness of the American ruling class , obsessively focused on the next day ’s stock market fluctuations .
In fact , an eventual explosion such as that which occurred was entirely foreseeable .
Similar accidents have occurred elsewhere — including off the coast of Australia last year .
As with Hurricane Katrina , scientists have worried about the “ big one ” — an unrestrained leak from a deep - sea well near the US coast — for years .
After largely ignoring the disaster during the first week , the White House is hoping that a photo op can somehow patch things up .
Obama ’s visit to the Gulf Coast , however , cannot conceal the fact that neither he nor the government has anything to offer to prevent the looming catastrophe .
By the administration ’s own admission , any solution to the oil spill could be months off .
Once again , the population of the world is presented with a sober reminder of the enormous destructive potential of the giant corporations that control the world economy .
From global financial meltdown , to environmental devastation and climate change , to mass impoverishment and disease — the subordination of mass society to the profit interests of these companies produces one disaster after the next .
Those responsible for this latest disaster , including corporate executives and government officials , must be brought to account and criminally prosecuted .
Above all , the transformation of these corporations into publicly - owned and democratically - controlled entities — by which their relationship to nature and society can be consciously regulated to meet social need — is a pressing necessity .
Political Committee of the Socialist Equality Party ( US )
Political Committee of the Socialist Equality Party ( US )
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Roiled by the change of military leadership in Afghanistan , the House tomorrow will vote on whether to continue the course in Afghanistan for another year .
Ad Policy
If Republicans vote for the $ 33 billion supplemental appropriation for the troop surge in Afghanistan , as expected , the measure will pass .
So will the larger military appropriation , which includes approximately $ 160 billion for another year in Afghanistan .
Peace forces in Congress , led by Representative Jim McGovern , will push in the Rules Committee for clean up - or - down votes on both the $ 33 billion for escalation and an amendment requiring the White House to adopt an exit strategy including a deadline for troop withdrawals .
President Obama so far has offered a July 2011 deadline to " begin " withdrawals , a position that has come under fire from Republicans and some in the military .
The language of the McGovern amendment appears to require another Congressional vote if the White House wants to push back the July 2011 deadline .
As McGovern and twenty - five House members wrote in a letter to Speaker Nancy Pelosi last week , the recent Rolling Stone article exposed high - level military opposition to the July 2011 deadline .
In a conference call sponsored by Win Without War today , McGovern said his goal was to " maximize the message , " hopefully by obtaining a majority of Democratic House members to at least vote for the exit strategy measure whether or not they vote against the supplemental .
McGovern argued that the sixty - five House votes for Representative Dennis Kucinich ’s war powers resolution earlier this year " did not help our cause . "
Last year a House majority voted for the exit strategy as a resolution , with 138 votes .
As of this week , McGovern had ninety - eight co-sponsors on his measure .
If the vote results show an increased Congressional opposition , the president and his national security team will face a future in which the Afghanistan war is supported primarily by Republicans and opposed by Democrats in Congress as well as Democrats and independents in recent opinion surveys .
McGovern was joined in the conference call by Representative Chellie Pingree of Maine .
WHAT OIL WILL DO TO THEM :
- Unlike most animals , oil does not stick to a Dolphin 's skin because their skin is smooth , and hairless .
That 's good .
One less thing to worry about in the heap of other problems that BP has made for these highly intelligent mammals .
The dolphins of the Gulf of Mexico will encounter problems such as inhaling oil and oil vapor ( which they do very well ) .
This will inevitably damage the animals ' airways , lungs , and mucous membranes .
This , in turn , can lead to death .
It 's the circle of life , BP style , and the dolphins are panicking their way in circles to death .
Oh yeah , just so you know , they can increase their exposure to oil harm if they 're stressed or panicking .
Wonderful .
- A dolphin's eyesight is also sensitive to oil exposure .
- It is also possible that oil pollution impairs a dolphin's immune system and causes secondary bacterial and fungal infections .
- The transfer of petroleum hydrocarbons through the mothers milk to suckling young is another way oil affects dolphins and may affect not only current dolphin populations , but f*ture generations .
THEIR HABITAT :
- Dolphins are marine mammals that are closely related to whales and porpoises .
They are found worldwide , mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves , and are carnivores , mostly eating fish and squid .
They might consume oil - affected food or may even starve due to the lack of available food given that in the gulf area they are pretty much at the top of the food chain .
BP will always have a negative connotation towards their company reputation and name .
Their company has lost much respect , and I feel as though their new company slogans have to be something along the line of " Who needs animals , when we have oil ? "
Raspberries are a delicate fruit , with a tart flavor and velvety texture .
The most common type of raspberry is the red raspberry , but raspberries can also be black , purple , and golden .
It should come as no surprise that raspberries are considered a superfood as they are rich in fiber and heart - healthy antioxidants .
Raspberry Nutrition Facts
The following nutrition information is provided by the USDA for 1 cup ( 123g ) of fresh raspberries .﻿﻿
Calories : 64
: 64 Fat : 0.8g
: 0.8g Sodium : 0mg
: 0mg Carbohydrates : 14.7g
: 14.7g Fiber : 8g
: 8g Sugars : 5.4g
: 5.4g Protein : 1.5g
Carbs
Raspberries are low in carbohydrates compared to many other fruits .
There are under 15 grams of carbohydrate per cup , with an impressive 8 grams coming from fiber .
Just 5.4 grams are from natural sugar .
The glycemic index of raspberries is 25 and the glycemic load is 2.﻿﻿
Berries , in general , are considered one of the better fruit choices for anyone who is watching their blood sugar .
Fats
Raspberries contain minimal fat , less than 1 gram per cup .
The majority of fatty acids in raspberries are polyunsaturated .
Protein
Raspberries are not a significant source of protein .
They contain 1.5 grams per cup .
Vitamins and Minerals
Raspberries are rich in many essential vitamins and minerals .
For vitamins , raspberries have vitamin C , most of the B-vitamins ( especially folate ) , vitamin A , vitamin E , and vitamin K .
The minerals in raspberries include calcium , iron , magnesium , phosphorus , potassium , zinc , copper , manganese , and selenium .
Health Benefits
Raspberries are well - known for their many health - promoting properties .
Here are some of the ways raspberries could benefit you .
Promotes Heart Health
Red raspberries improve endothelial function and reduce hypertension .﻿﻿ Given raspberries ' naturally high fiber content , it 's no surprise that they also help keep cholesterol levels down .
The vitamins in raspberries , including vitamin C and folate , reduce oxidative stress and lower the risk of stroke .
Furthermore , raspberries are a good source of potassium , a key electrolyte for lowering blood pressure .
Improves Bone Strength
Raspberries are a natural source of resveratrol , the compound typically associated with the health benefits of red wine .
Multiple studies have shown beneficial effects on bone strength in response to resveratrol , including those citing the induction of osteogenesis ( new bone formation ) and inhibition of natural bone degradation .﻿﻿
Raspberries also provide some calcium .
Supports Healthy Weight Management
Raspberries are high in fiber and low in calories .
Eating 2 cups of fresh raspberries amounts to just 120 calories and a large bowl of filling , delicious fruit .
The fiber in raspberries supports weight loss in two ways , reducing the number of calories absorbed and improving satiety .﻿﻿
Enjoy raspberries for a snack , dessert , or as part of your meal to maintain a healthy weight .
Prevents Sun Damage
Red raspberries are loaded with antioxidants and anti-inflammatory properties that are capable of preventing some degree of sun damage when applied topically to the skin .﻿﻿
In general , consuming whole fruits appears to reduce reactive oxygen species that cause DNA damage and various forms of cancer .
The promising effects of red raspberries specifically have lead to their inclusion in some skincare products for antiaging benefits .
Although raspberries can't quite replace sunscreen , they may be a good addition to your skincare regimen .
May Help Relieve Arthritis Pain
Pain and inflammation are two main issues associated with arthritis .
Pomegranates and berries show promising effects for the alleviation of arthritis symptoms .﻿﻿
The polyphenols in raspberries have anti-inflammatory effects .
Darker berries have a higher concentration of polyphenols , so black raspberries might be an even better choice than red raspberries for this purpose .
Allergies
According to the American Academy of Asthma , Allergy , & Immunology ( AAAAI ) , raspberries contain several known allergens .﻿﻿
It 's possible to experience allergy symptoms to raspberries even if you are just allergic to other types of berries .
Cross -reactivity between berries can be a complex issue .
Discuss concerns with your healthcare provider if you suspect an allergy to raspberries .
Adverse Effects
Raspberries are a high - fiber food .
If you 're not used to eating large amounts of fiber , a sudden increase can cause digestive discomfort .
Add raspberries to your meal plan gradually to give your body time to adjust .
Although raspberries as a whole food do n't cause many adverse effects , it 's possible to experience issues with the supplement , raspberry ketones .
Always speak to your doctor before taking supplements .
Varieties
There are many varieties of raspberry that range in color from red , gold , and black to purple .﻿﻿
Red raspberries include Boyne , Prelude , Lauren , Killarney , and Encore among many others .
Some gold varieties are Anne , Double Gold , and Goldie .
Bristol , Jewel , Mac Black , and Niwot are types of black raspberries .
Purple raspberries include Royalty , Glencoe , and Brandywine .
Each variety has its own unique characteristics and preferred growing conditions .
When It's Best
Depending on the variety , raspberries are harvested between mid-summer through the fall .
Most plants continue to produce fruit until the first frost .﻿﻿
When purchasing fresh raspberries , look for plump , firm , and fragrant berries that are free of their hulls .
Inspect containers for mold as this is a sign the berries are starting to decay .
You can find raspberries at the supermarket and farmers market or head to a local farm to pick your own .
Another great , cost - effective option ( especially off - season ) is to buy frozen raspberries , which are frozen at their peak freshness and make for great additions to smoothies and other snacks .
Storage and Food Safety
Store fresh raspberries in the refrigerator in a box or plastic wrap with holes .
Use within 1 – 2 days , since raspberries tend to spoil quickly once picked .﻿﻿
Always wash your hands before handling fresh fruit and rinse raspberries under running water before eating .
Preserve berries by canning or freezing .
It 's best to consume preserved berries within 12 months .
How to Prepare
Eat raspberries on their own or as part of a meal .
Raspberries are a wonderful addition to smoothies , adding rich color and lots of fiber .
Raspberries also make for a lovely garnish on the side of your dessert plate or yogurt .
Various pastries and desserts include raspberries as a star ingredient , such as scones , muffins , pies , sorbets , etc .
Fresh or frozen raspberries can be added to heart - healthy salads , side dishes , and for making a thick , tart sauce to brighten - up protein choices .
Lubchenco said the water analysis " indicate there is definitely oil sub surface .
It 's in very low concentrations " of less than 0.5 parts per million .
Additional samples from another research vessel are being tested , she said .
NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco said that the tests conducted at three sites by a University of South Florida research vessel confirmed oil as far as 3,300 feet below the surface 42 miles northeast of the well site .
Oil also was found in a sub- surface sample 142 miles southeast of the spill , but further tests showed that oil is " not consistent " with oil from the spill .
The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) has now tested water samples from oil plumes at three sites in the Gulf of Mexico , at varying distances from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
To place these samples in context , consider first the locations at which they were taken .
Locations of the oil sampling sites reported by NOAA
The red star is the well , and the oil from the well was found at the two sites ( surface and sub - sea ) North of the well , while the green spot which marks the site South of the well which was contaminated with oil from another source .
The oil in the southern location may potentially come from a source which also generated the tar balls on the Florida keys recently .
This was the map of natural seeps that I put up the other day .
Reported natural seep locations in the GOM .
It is germane to also note that the concentrations of oil in the plume are at a level of 0.5 ppm .
In context that means that there is 0.5 cc ( or roughly 0.4 gm ) of oil in a cubic meter of seawater .
This is not discernable to the naked eye .
Thus when a news report ( such as that from Sam Champion on the ABC World News ) talks of the oil plume and shows the blobs of oil that he saw subsurface in a dive some weeks ago , it is effectively deceptive , since the correlation of the plume with that visual conveys the impression that the plume contains a high concentration of oil .
At 5 parts per million , if it takes 3.43 grams of oxygen to biodegrade a gram of oil , then it will only require about 2.7 grams of oxygen to treat the cubic meter of seawater .
Since oxygen is somewhat scarcer deeper in the ocean it may much slower that the 100 gm / cu m/day that I mentioned as the top rate in an earlier post
But on the other hand it is not likely to take months .
This relatively short - life for the oil after it is dispersed contrasts with the remnants of the oil that was not dispersed , in the colder waters of Alaska , after the Exxon Valdez oil spill .
Remnants of that oil still remain 21 years later , and can be found as emulsions , tar balls , and trapped liquid .
The suggestion by Jean - Michel Cousteau that the oil should have been left untreated , so that it could rise to the surface and be collected by skimmers , does not recognize that in many conditions skimmers are only able to collect about 15 % of the oil , and that in large volumes ( as with the Alaskan example ) oil , once it reaches the shore , can survive for decades .
Better surely to break it into small droplets that are degraded and disappear .
And in that regard one of the benefits of adding Corexit to the oil is that it both breaks it into these small droplets , and that in the process it reduces their chance of floating on the surface and contaminating surface dwelling fauna .
Corexit even works in cleaning marshes .
In other current developments , the flow of oil from the Lower Marine Riser Package ( LMRP ) and cap over the well continues to increase .
For the first 12 hours on June 8th ( midnight to noon ) , approximately 7,850 barrels of oil were collected and 15.2 million cubic feet of natural gas was flared .
That increased flow ( achieved by reducing the choke on the outflow pipe ) can be seen indirectly by comparing the current picture from the Skandi ROV 2 with that earlier .
The small triangular pieces at the bottom of the cap are now well clear of the plume , showing the reduced flow .
As a result this increased flow is exceeding the capacity of the existing fleet sitting over the well .
Upstream Online is reporting that as a result BP is bringing a Floating , Production Storage and Offloading ( FPSO ) vessel and a shuttle tanker , the Loch Rannoch , from its station off Shetland to the Gulf .
( The Loch Rannoch was involved in another BP accident , a collision that stalled production at the Schiehallion field at the end of last year .
“ The crash happened when the 130,000 tonne tanker was docking to take oil from the 144,000 tonne BP platform for transfer to the Sullom Voe terminal , off Shetland .
Its only hose - reel used for exporting the oil was damaged in the collision , ” the newspaper reported .
And a BP spokesman was quoted as saying that the Schiehallion FPSO was not back in production yet .
( November 3rd ) .
The Loch Rannoch is an 850,000 barrel shuttle tanker , that carried oil from the FPSO at Schiehallion to Sullom Voe in Shetland .
The FPSO is a different sort of vessel .
This is the one at Schiehallion ( And I do n’t think it is coming since it still has an oilfield to service ) .
At a top speed of 14 knots , and having left last Wednesday , with a stop in Rotterdam , it may still be a while .
That will free up the drillship to move on to other things , providing they have an FPSO by then .
And one last point in this series of shorter items that has filled the news today , I had mentioned using an ASJ to cut outwards from the inner pipe of a series of casings , but the illustration I gave earlier had the pipe cut from the outside .
This one ( the outer casing diameter is 26 inches ) was cut from the inside .
( Courtesy ANT )
And this shows the relative sizes and where the cut was made .
It is needed as one of the final steps in the abandonment of the well .
( Courtesy ANT )
Perhaps BP might use it when they finally abandon the well .
UPDATE : Given the comment on the end of the sheared riser , and the presence of 2 pipes within it , I thought that it would be useful to show a copy of that image ( h/t to houhpc who attached it to earlier comments )
And , thanks to Maude , we also know that they are going to be using the Evergreen Burner from Schlumberger which
performs a fallout - free and smokeless combustion of liquid hydrocarbons produced during well testing .
The burner geometry makes extensive use of pneumatic atomization and enhanced air induction .
The burner is equipped with twin pilots , a flame - front ignition system ( BRFI ) , and a built - in water screen to reduce heat radiation .
It looks somewhat like this ( though I would not be surprised to find that this image had been Photoshopped ) :
Bonnie Cha/CNET
The Android momentum has kicked into even higher gear during the last month , thanks to phones like the Droid Incredible and HTC Evo 4G .
Speaking on Wednesday at the Droid X event , , Google Vice President Andy Rubin stated that there are more than 160,000 Android devices sold and activated every day .
That 's almost two phones every second .
Even more impressive is that Android has grown 60 percent since about one month ago .
At last month 's Google I/O conference , Vic Gundotra , Google 's vice president of engineering , was first to officially put the figure at 100,000 per day .
Jumping back to a February earnings call , CEO Eric Schmidt pegged the number at 30,000 a day .
The Android Market is also picking up steam .
Last month Google announced its Android Market had 50,000 titles , now Rubin said that they 're looking at 68,000 applications .
If this 58 percent growth rate were to continue , we could see the Android Market hit the 100,000 milestone around the middle of August .
Looking forward , it 's hard to see the momentum will slowing .
With today 's Droid X news , a lineup of Samsung phones , and a Droid 2 waiting in the wings , the interest is n't likely to wane anytime soon .
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court upheld a federal law banning " material support " for foreign terrorist organizations , even advice about entirely legal activities , disregarding arguments that the measure treads on free speech rights .
The vote was 6 - 3 , with Chief Justice John Roberts writing for the majority .
Justice Stephen Breyer dissented , joined by two other liberals .
Although ...
Threats against lawmakers , such as those received by Rep. Heath Shuler ( left ) , Sen. Debbie Stabenow and Rep. Paul Ryan , are up 300 percent this year , according to the Senate sergeant at arms .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Exclusive : FBI details surge in death threats against lawmakers
I voted for you , ” the caller said in a voice mail to Democratic Rep. Heath Shuler ’s district office .
“ If you vote for that stimulus package , I ’m gonna kill you .
Simple as that . ”
The FBI says the caller was a 70 - year - old resident of Shuler ’s North Carolina district with a history of mental illness and a cache of guns .
In the weeks before calling Shuler ’s office , the FBI says , the caller beat and choked his wife .
She told the FBI that she ’d tried to clear her home of guns — and that she went to bed at night with a can of mace tucked under her pillow .
Advertisement
When agents showed up at the man ’s door , they asked him why he ’d threatened to kill Shuler .
“ I was trying to work the political scene , ” he said .
The threat against Shuler is one of several detailed in 2009 FBI documents provided to POLITICO pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request .
Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D - Mich . ) and Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) were threatened with assassination .
Sen. John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) and Rep. Ciro Rodriguez ( D - Texas ) were threatened with bodily harm .
Someone told Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) that her throat would be cut .
Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D - Calif. ) was told someone would physically “ f — - her up ” if she held a town hall meeting in her district , according to the FBI files .
There may have been more threats — the FBI wo n’t release information on investigations that are still open — and there will likely be more this year ; Senate Sergeant at Arms Terrance Gainer says threats against members of Congress were up 300 percent in the first few months of 2010 .
FBI agents arrested the North Carolina man who threatened Shuler , and prosecutors charged him with threatening to kill a federal official — a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison .
Court records show that the case was dropped after he was found incompetent to stand trial .
Shuler says he was shaken — and that he has taken precautions to protect himself and his family .
Family members have altered their daily routines to be more security conscious , and Shuler said that he and his wife have obtained concealed - weapons permits .
“ You get a threat like that , and you start to rethink your priorities , ” Shuler said .
Though each threat case is different , the FBI documents reveal some common characteristics .
The suspects are mostly men who own guns , and several had been treated for mental illness .
Most of the suspects had just undergone some kind of major life stress , such as illness or the loss of a job .
In February 2009 , a man left voice mail messages for Stabenow in several of her Michigan offices .
“ We ’re gonna [ expletive ] get you , ” he said in one message .
“ We ’re gonna get you with a lot of [ expletive ] bolt action .
Like we did RFK ; like we did MLK .
We know who you are .
We ’ll get you . ”
FBI agents tracked the calls to a 54 - year - old Texas man who lived alone — and who at one time had owned a 20 - gun arsenal of handguns , shotguns and rifles .
According to the documents , he told officers that he was “ really , really drunk ” when he made the calls .
He said he was just “ venting ” — taking out his frustrations after hearing a discussion of the Fairness Doctrine and becoming concerned that the government would attempt to abolish the radio shows of Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh .
In testimony submitted to Congress , Capitol Police officials have said that the threats against lawmakers have caused them to dramatically increase their security efforts .
Police who work on protective details say demands on their time have skyrocketed , and the department has requested a 54 percent increase — of $ 2.7 million — to fund travel for its dignitary protection officers in fiscal year 2011 .
In fiscal year 2009 , dignitary protection was provided at 139 congressional events , a nearly 100 percent increase over 2008 .
Capitol Police also moved to provide “ a more robust role ” to town hall meetings , including working with hundreds of law enforcement agencies .
Capitol Police made 3,626 mountain bike patrols around House and Senate office buildings , up from 3,500 from fiscal year 2008 .
They responded to 142 suspicious packages in 2009 , compared with only 34 in 2008 , and conducted 1,808 bomb sweeps , compared with 970 the year before .
The Hazardous Materials Response Team investigated an average of 38 suspicious package calls per quarter last year , compared with 32 per quarter in 2008 .
The team conducted 967 sweeps per quarter to ensure the security of areas where congressional meetings and sessions were being held — up from 142 each quarter in 2008 .
The department also dealt with 13 disturbances or demonstrations , five more than during the previous year .
“ When an incident like the one in Times Square happens , it makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up , ” said Gainer , who recently attended a nationwide sergeant at arms meeting at which state officials were urged to put plans in place to accommodate congressional town hall meetings this summer .
“ We have about 12 open cases at any given time , but most of those are relatively low threat , meaning there ’s no specificity to them , ” Gainer said .
“ But if there ’s a serious threat , we ’re going to have a pretty stern response . ”
Law enforcement responded immediately when Ryan was threatened back home in Wisconsin .
The lawmaker was out walking with his daughter when a black sport utility vehicle pulled up alongside them .
“ You ’ve got a bull ’s - eye on your head , ” the driver allegedly told Ryan .
“ You ’re gonna die , motherf --- er . ”
Local police records show that the driver believed Ryan had “ blood on his hands ” for supporting the war in Iraq .
He told police that he was on disability for arthritis and that he felt “ frustrated ” that he could no longer support his family , the documents show .
“ Congressman Ryan told me that although they receive threats quite often , this one was more specific and directed , ” a Janesville police detective wrote in his report .
The man was arrested for disorderly conduct , but the U.S. Attorney ’s Office decided not to prosecute him after a search of his home revealed no weapons , according to FBI documents .
Last September , the documents show that a veteran in a counseling session said he wanted to “ kill everyone who does not help me ” — and that he included in the list Cornyn , Rodriguez and first lady Michelle Obama .
When police checked on the man , they found that he was frustrated that those individuals had n’t helped him with a retirement claim process through the Office of Policy and Management .
According to the documents , he admitted to police that he was taking “ too many medications to list ” for mental health problems that included depression , anxiety and a sleep disorder .
He was out of work and on disability .
The man ’s wife had hidden his collection of shotguns and handguns and would n’t let him drive the family car , fearing he would pay a visit to Rodriguez , according to FBI files .
“ Veteran verbalized not knowing what he would do other than something that would get him locked up , ” the responding detective wrote .
“ That he would get a gun and shoot everyone involved . ”
With the exception of Shuler , the lawmakers identified in the FBI reports declined to discuss the threats .
Their offices said they wanted to move beyond the incidents and stay focused on their work .
“ We ’re not going to be frightened .
We ’re just going to go on with our lives and keep doing our jobs .
We do n’t want to be defined by this , ” a Lofgren staffer said .
“ They do n’t control this .
We do . ”
But the threats clearly have an effect — if not on how members do their jobs , at least on how they live their lives .
“ The first time you get a death threat , it ’s really , really alarming , not to mention they know where you live and can find your family , ” Shuler said .
“ It is very difficult when you serve in public office . ”
Apple has officially unveiled its new mobile advertising platform , iAds , the " seventh pillar " of the new iPhone OS 4.0 .
The new iAd platform , which we learned about just two weeks ago , will be built directly into the iPhone OS interface .
During today 's iPhone OS 4.0 unveiling event at Apple 's headquarters in Cupertino , CA , Steve Jobs stated that the company is looking to change the face of advertising .
Jobs wants to conduct the ad experience within apps rather than search — a dig at Google — and is looking " to change the quality of the advertising as well . "
How will that work , you ask ?
Apple 's CEO pointed to what he believes is a flaw of both standard online advertising and TV advertising — the combination of interaction and emotion .
The key is that ads will keep users within an app , rather than redirecting users to a browser window .
When you click on an iAd advertisement , it will take up the screen using HTML5 .
Once it is open , you can explore the ad .
Apple demoed an advertisement for Toy Story 3 , demonstrating the ability to not only see information about the movie , but to watch trailers , play games and more — all within the same application from which you launched the ad .
You will even be able to buy products within ads .
Just like the iPhone app store , there will be a simple revenue split .
Developers will keep 60 % of revenues , however , rather than the 70 % they are awarded for iPhone apps .
In return , Apple will host and deliver all of the iAds .
We 'll bring you more about iAds as we learn more details .
Last night the seventh season of Entourage premiered on HBO and to say the least , it was quite disappointing .
Littered with story arcs that went no where and scenes that were pure filler , I think it ’s safe to say that this was the show ’s worst premiere since it began .
There is no doubt that while once a great show , Entourage has started to go down , not only in ratings but also in the quality of the show .
Last night ’s episode was so bad that even Ari could n’t save it .
Usually my favorite character and the best character to watch , Ari offered nothing .
No making fun of Llyod , no good one liners , none of his usual jackass persona , nothing .
His story arc went nowhere and he was pretty much useless in this episode .
Not much happened in the episode .
Vince attempts to be his own stuntman for his new film ( which we got no information about ) , Ari , once again neglects his wife , Turtle faces problems in his business and Drama gets screwed over again .
The episode was just boring .
Turtle ’s ridiculous sub plot was complete throw away and how many times do we really need to see Drama dealing with employment troubles ?
Vinnie ’s stunt deal was completely unbelieveable , a star like Vince would never do his own stunts .
Very few stars do their own stunts and in real life I could not see a studio being ok with Vince doing his own stunts .
I know that they did n’t tell the studio that Vince was doing it but once again , that also probably would n’t happen in real life .
You ca n’t gamble with the life of an actor who is worth millions to the studio .
Plus , Vince has had no experience doing stunts , this is n’t like Jackie Chan , Sylvester Stallone or Tom Cruise .
Vince is not an action movie star , he has no experience with stunt work .
E and Sloan were basically ghosts in the episode as neither of them had anything of value to say and Sloan especially was overlooked as she was hardly in the episode .
We got one useless scene with her and E .
Their upcoming marraige is supposed to be a big deal yet we barely got any information on it .
The episode went nowhere , none of the sub plots were long term .
Everything that was started was also finished in the episode .
You can easily start this season by watching the next episode and you ’d be fine because you would n’t of missed a thing .
The problem is , the show really has nothing left to do .
It has nowhere to go .
They ’ve given Vince everything , they ’ve thrown at him all the typical Hollywood star problems and there just is n’t anything left to write about .
Everything has been used up .
Instead of giving us a hodgepodge of boring story arcs that go nowhere , why not present one or two big conflicts that lasts for the whole season .
It was only the first episode , so we still may get some big long running conflicts .
For now though I ca n’t say I ’m looking forward to the rest of the season .
Hopefully they can turn it around though .
Hong Kong , China ( CNN ) --
The Nikkei - 225 Index in Tokyo closed 3.1 percent lower on Friday as the global sell - off -- sparked by the debt crisis in Greece and a wild session on Wall Street -- continued to roll with the sun across the financial world .
The Nikkei was down as much as 4 percent in early trading Friday after sliding 3.3 percent the previous day of trade , prompting the Bank of Japan to pump $ 21.6 billion into the market to boost liquidity .
Indexes across Asia traded down .
The Hang Sang Index in Hong Kong closed below 20,000 for the first time since February 19 , closing down just over 1 percent at 19,915 .
The S&P / ASX 200 in Sydney closed down nearly 2 percent .
Bank of Japan pumps funds into market
Japan 's Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama expressed concern for the market 's two - day drop , which reflected fears the Greece debt crisis will spread to other European nations .
A spokesperson with Japan 's central bank said the aim of the $ 21.6 billion cash infusion was " to increase a sense of security in the markets by providing ample funds . "
Athens mayhem hits Tokyo markets
Yoshito Sengoku , Japan 's Minister in Charge of National Policy spoke to reporters Friday morning in Tokyo , saying that the Greece crisis will have a " limited impact on Asian economies . "
But Kirby Daley , senior strategist at Newedge Group in Hong Kong , believes that the market reaction to the Greece crisis is not a limited , knee - jerk reaction .
" The drops will not likely be as violent as post - Lehman , but risk aversion is setting in for the long - term , as markets over - celebrated unsustainable stimulus .
We may see some relief rallies , but the overall trend should now be firmly down for stocks , " said Daley .
The Asian sell - off continues the jitters felt in U.S. markets , punctuated by a 1000 - point drop on the Dow Jones Industrial Average that is attributed to a trading glitch .
' Crash of 2.45 ' paralyzes Wall Street
" On the Dow , we were down 400 to 800 points in five minutes , it was horrifying , " Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Jefferies & Co. , told CNNMoney .
The Dow ended trading down 348 points ; Nasdaq finished down 3.49 percent while the S&P 500 fell 3.24 percent .
A report by Moody's on Thursday warned that banks across Europe face a " common threat " of investor flight from government debt markets , CNNMoney reports
Debt dread comes to European banks
The rating agency said the banking systems in six financially stressed European nations -- Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece , Spain and the United Kingdom -- face individual challenges arising from deep recessions , funding shortfalls , and fiscal pullbacks in their home countries .
Do n't fear the VIX
The CBOE Volatility ( VIX ) index , Wall Street 's so - called fear gauge , closed at 34.16 , its highest finish since May 4 , 2009 .
Earlier , it had spiked as high as 40.71 , a 62 % jump and its biggest one - day surge since February 2007 .
CNN 's Kyung Lah and Kevin Voigt , and CNNMoney 's Colin Barr and Alexandra Twin contributed to this report
Congress and the media further narrow the ‘ Wall St. reform debate ’ performance .
16 June 2010 | InfoShop News
The Democratic - led Congress is pushing actions which tolerates and ignores the overwhelming authority of the primary center of wealth distribution in the U.S. — the quasi-autonomous central bank —
Andy Sullivan and Kevin Drawbaugh reported today at Reuters :
The report was initially only credited to Mr. Sullivan was titled , “ Fed could emerge intact from Wall Street reform debate . ”
To which I tweeted : “ What an Orwellian title .
With the Fed guaranteed to ’ emerge intact ’ , there is no ‘ Wall St. reform debate ’ . ”
The Reuters title was edited within hours to read : “ Fed could evade toughest scrutiny in Wall Street bill . ”
The report added that the charge to perpetuate Fed command of the economy is being led by Capitol Hill Democrats :
House Democrats on the panel aim to drop a provision included in their version of the bill that would have opened the Fed ’s interest rate policy to congressional audits .
They also said they would try to defeat an aspect of the Senate bill that would allow the U.S. president to name the head of the New York Fed .
Currently , the head of the New York Fed — the only one of the 12 regional Fed banks with a permanent voting seat on the central bank ’s policy - setting committee — is named by the bank ’s board , which includes private bankers .
This cronyist cartel , led by a hand - picked puppet at the head of the table in New York , will be the chief body to “ resolve disputes ” , the report added .
Though , the proposed bill “ is likely to crimp financial firms ’ profits and saddle them with tighter regulations ” , according to a Citigroup analysis , there is no reason to believe the insider cartel will not possess a much larger share of the market .
It will regulate the mutual risk by not overpowering each other and taking turns scooping up the failed banks disconnected to the money - priniting , credit - manufacturing cabal .
Washington puppets can give all of the noise they want about it being imperative to end ‘ too big to fail ’ policy , but when four banking institutions — Bank of America , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase — carry over 52 % of systemic risk , strengthening the cartel makes enriches the economy ’s dependence on it .
Ergo , political power is dependent on the safety against the failure of this risk .
The result is Washington as a perpetual bailout machine for Wall Street , Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser implied last Friday in a speech .
Remember that the purpose for the Fed ’s existence is to bail out banking institutions as the ‘ lender of last resort ’ .
The moral hazard inherent in the institutions objectives enable high risk to pocket huge rewards when the worst case scenario is that risk being nationalized .
The bill to audit the Fed , led by Reps. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) and Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) , which passed the House was greatly waterlogged before passing through the Senate to only audit the transactions relating to the Troubled Asset Relief Program and “ emergency lending ” to bail out Wall Street in the fall of 2008 .
Because of this , “ congressional investigators would not be able to probe monetary policy decision ” , the report added .
Case and point : Wall Street is betting in high volume against the viability of BP , so even if full restitution and restoration is provided directly from BP for damaging the livelihood of masses , those masses will — in the end — bail out Wall Street to cover the bets , whether or not BP is able to survive this entirely hypothetical scenario .
This example is a microcosm of the derivatives market nearing $ 620 tn — at the time of this posting — in a $ 14tn economy .
Rep. Sander Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee said the country ’s “ patience has run out ” on currency manipulation , Doug Palmer reported today at Reuters .
He called it a “ prime example ” of “ mercantilism ” and added that if currency manipulators do n’t change their policy “ and the administration does not respond promptly thereafter , the Congress will act ” .
Rep. David Camp ( R - Mich . ) , a ranking member on the same committee , agreed .
He noted that such economic policy “ will wreak havoc ” on “ the global economy ” .
Unfortunately , the two congressmen were only condemning China at the time .
You see , the narrative is that China is undervaluing its currency against the U.S. dollar .
Hinting at the possibility that the U.S. dollar — and the euro , for that matter — are overvalued , as the banking class existentially manipulates and consolidates the supply , is something you ’re not allowed to do .
“ The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion , but allow very lively debate within that spectrum — even encourage the more critical and dissident views , ” Professor Noam Chomsky said in a collection of interviews published in The Common Good ( 1998 ) .
“ That gives people the sense that there ’s free thinking going on , while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate . ”
We immediately commented on an excellent Socialist Worker editorial , published in late March , which displayed how and why the bill touted as the “ sweeping sweeping overhaul of financial regulations ” would only pass as a “ business - friendly bill ” that would only strengthen the most powerful .
Politicians easing off the Fed does n’t — nor should it — come as a surprise .
The key is to not get swept up in unjust bills being written and sold in Washington that perpetuate the puppeteers of the economy and enrich their power to do so in manners that will only trickle wealth up to their pockets and increase their authority .
No matter how many times Ezra Klein ’s balls swell up per day about “ FinReg ” and how loud Ed Schultz ’s belligerent economic illiteracy pierces the ear , calling the play - by - play and quoting shallow opinions of the narrow narrative — as I wrote in October , regarding the Fed — “ when only abolition is just , reform is naïve ” .
And when the motions by the power that be are regressive , the totality cannot at the same time be a progressive measure .
EDIT : “ The Senate will accept an expanded Federal Reserve audit proposal from the House as part of Wall Street conference committee deliberations , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) told the panel Wednesday evening , ” Ryan Grim just reported at The Huffington Post .
Given there are no details , one could drive a convoy of trucks between the House and Senate bills .
That Sen .
Dodd would not fully embrace the House bill displays a substantial deviation in any audit plan .
The Senate is very scared to demand the wealth distributors and debt nationalizers keep their doors open or their money monopoly will end .
Of course audits of integrity would result in this anyway .
This “ story ” is a four - paragraph pacifier .
Abolish the Fed .
EDIT2 : Around 9 p.m. CST , Reuters re-edited the article again , replacing “ House Democrats ” with “ Lawmakers ” in the paragraphs I quoted .
They did modify the title again , as well to : “ Wall Street bill likely to preserve Fed independence . ”
A gang of unknown thieves has stolen nearly $ 10 million using micro charges made to more than a million credit and debit cards in an elaborate multiyear scam , according to a lawsuit filed by the Federal Trade Commission in March .
The fraudulent charges went unnoticed by the majority of card owners because they were made in small amounts – ranging from 20 cents to $ 10 – that bypassed fraud detection algorithms , and because the scammers typically made only one fraudulent charge per card .
The sophisticated scam , which was first reported by IDG News Service , began in 2006 and was stifled only recently after the FTC succeeded to shut down merchant accounts the scammers were using and halt the activities of at least 14 money mules who were laundering illegal proceeds for the gang .
According to court documents filed ( .pdf ) in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , the scammers – identified only as " John Does " in the complaint – recruited money mules through a spam campaign that sought to hire a U.S. - based financial manager for an international financial services company .
Mules who responded to the ad and were chosen for the task opened multiple bank accounts and about 100 limited liability companies for the scammers , which were then used to make the fraudulent charges and launder money to bank accounts in Cyprus and several Eastern European countries , including Estonia and Lithuania .
Front companies set up by the mules included Albion Group , API Trade , ARA Auto Parts Trading , Data Services , New York Enterprizes , and SMI Imports , among others .
The scammers then purchased domain names and set up phone numbers and virtual office addresses for the front companies through services such as Regus .
They used this information – along with federal tax ID numbers stolen from legitimate companies with similar names – to apply for more than 100 merchant accounts with credit card processors , such as First Data .
According to IDG ,
They used another legitimate virtual business service – United World Telecom 's CallMe800 – to have phone calls forwarded overseas .
To further make it seem as though their companies were legitimate , the scammers would set up fake retail Web sites .
And when credit card processors asked them to provide information about company executives , they handed over legitimate names and social security numbers , stolen from ID theft victims .
When they had to log into payment processor Web sites , they would do this from IP addresses that were located near their virtual offices , again evading payment processor fraud detection services .
Once approved by the card processors , the front companies were able to charge consumer credit and debit cards .
Money charged to the cards was directed into the bank accounts set up by the money mules , who then transferred it to accounts overseas .
The charges showed up on consumer credit and debit card statements with a merchant name and toll - free phone number .
But consumers who called the numbers to question the charges generally encountered an automated voicemail recording saying the number had been disconnected or instructing them to leave a detailed message .
The calls , of course , were never returned .
More than 1.35 million cards were used to make fraudulent charges , according to IDG , but 90 percent of the charges went uncontested by consumers .
The FTC has been unable to identify the scammers so far , though finding the money mules was much easier .
One of the mules , James P. Smith of Brownwood , Texas , wrote the judge in the case that he worked for a scammer named " Alex Moore " for four years , never realizing that he was involved in anything illegal .
' Hey Man , Good Food ' G - 8 Chefs Baffled By Laura Bush 's ' Poisoning ' Claims
In her new memoir , former first lady Laura Bush writes that she , her husband and the American delegation may have been poisoned at the 2007 G - 8 summit hosted by Germany .
German federal investigators as well as the kitchen staff at the Grand Hotel Heiligendamm refute her account .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
A relationships register that recognises unmarried couples , opposite - sex and same - sex , has been described as an insult , with one Sydney Liberal saying it puts some relationships on the same level " as cats , dogs and cars " .
City of Sydney Liberal councillor Shayne Mallard said politicians were too scared to approach civil unions or gay marriage despite several countries doing so and public support .
Cr Mallard , who has been in a same - sex relationship for a number of years , said the register was a step forward but ultimately an insult .
" My partner is Danish , and over in Denmark they are far more advanced and even have same - sex adoption laws , " he said .
" I would need to talk to my partner about whether we would want to register but I imagine he would not want to be registered as he would not be keen to be part of a second - best system .
A Cornell doctor is performing partial clitoris removal on young girls and then using a vibrator to test their sensation in follow - up tests , a shocking column by syndicated columnist Dan Savage asserted Wednesday .
Dr. Dix P. Poppas has been performing the procedure on girls older than five for several years , according to 2007 paper ( PDF ) documenting the research .
The doctor and patients ’ parents allegedly believe that the girls ’ clitorises are too large and create too much sensation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Doctors Alice Dreger and Ellen K. Feder have criticized the practice for almost ten years .
Critics in medicine , bioethics , and patient advocacy have questioned the surgery Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s necessity , safety , and efficacy .
We still know of no evidence that a large clitoris increases psychological risk ( so is the surgery even necessary ? ) , and we do know of substantial anecdotal evidence that it does not increase risk .
Importantly , there also seems to be evidence that clitoroplasties performed in infancy do increase risk Ã¢â‚¬â€œ of harm to physical and sexual functioning , as well as psychosocial harm .
Dan Savage called the practice genital mutilation in a Wednesday column titled “ Female Genital Mutilation at Cornell University . ”
There ’s lots to be outraged about here : there ’s nothing wrong with these girls and their healthy , functional - if - larger - than - average clitorises ; there ’s no need to operate on these girls ; and surgically altering a girl ’s clitoris because it ’s “ too big ” has been found to do lasting physical and psychological harm .
While many have been aware of the procedure , called “ Nerve Sparing Ventral Clitoroplasty , ” for years , Poppas is now alarming many experts with new details of a follow - up exam .
Dreger and Feder recently brought to light the practice of stimulating the young girls ’ clitorises with a vibrator to test the efficacy of the partial clitoris removal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Here more specifically is , apparently , what is happening :
At annual visits after the surgery , while a parent watches , Poppas touches the daughterÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s surgically shortened clitoris with a cotton - tip applicator and / or with a Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ vibratory device , Ã¢â‚¬Â  and the girl is asked to report to Poppas how strongly she feels him touching her clitoris .
Using the vibrator , he also touches her on her inner thigh , her labia minora , and the introitus of her vagina , asking her to report , on a scale of 0 ( no sensation ) to 5 ( maximum ) , how strongly she feels the touch .
Yang , Felsen , and Poppas also report a Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ capillary perfusion testing , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â  which means a physician or nurse pushes a finger nail on the girlÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s clitoris to see if the blood goes away and comes back , a sign of healthy tissue .
Poppas has indicated in this article and elsewhere that ideally he seeks to conduct annual exams with these girls .
He intends to chart the development of their sexual sensation over time .
Writing in an article for Psychology Today , Dreger suspected that the procedure and the follow - up exams were sure to cause more harm than good .
Many of us happen to think “ normal ” sexual development is actually likely to be thwarted by having parts of your genitals taken away without your consent , and thwarted by follow - up exams like the ones we are describing .
Ellen and I have gotten to know hundreds of adults born with sex anomalies who went through these medical scenes growing up .
Many have told us that the genital displays involved in the follow - up exams were more traumatic than any other part of the experience .
Indeed , when I once asked a group of women with androgen insensitivity syndrome what they wanted me to work on primarily in my advocacy work , they said stopping the exams , particularly those in which med students , residents , and fellows parade through to check out the surgeon ’s handiwork .
ADVERTISEMENT
The follow - up exam comes “ very close to straight - up molestation , ” wrote conservative blogger Liz Mair .
“ In fact , it seems to me that this is the kind of thing that a ) Cornell University should not be tolerating , as a matter of practice and b ) may well be worthy of actually legislating on , given the recent discussion of the American Academy of Pediatrics signing off on what amounts to better - branded female genital mutilation where needed to satisfy certain cultural dictates , ” said Mair .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Cornell University needs to put a stop to this , immediately .
If it is going on elsewhere , those cutting the checks wherever ‘ elsewhere ’ may be need to put a stop to it , also .
This is , at a minimum , battery , and at worst , it ’s child abuse .
Either way , it ’s intolerable , ” she concluded .
Facebook 's new Instant Personalization Program allows other sites to access your Facebook data and connect you with people on those sites .
Not only can you turn this feature off , but you can keep sites from retrieving your Facebook information with Adblock filters .
Advertisement
Not only does Facebook have an agreement with sites like Yelp and Pandora , but we 've already seen that Facebook bugs can cause other , non-compliant sites to add applications to your profile , as long as you 're logged into Facebook while you browse .
Reader Saudrapsmann shows us how to keep this from happening in the future :
These four separate filters for AdBlock + made it so not even the Facebook Privacy Scanner could see that I was logged into Facebook : ||facebook.com^$domain=~facebook.com|~facebook.net|~fbcdn.com|~fbcdn.net
||facebook.net^$domain=~facebook.com|~facebook.net|~fbcdn.com|~fbcdn.net
||fbcdn.com^$domain=~facebook.com|~facebook.net|~fbcdn.com|~fbcdn.net
||fbcdn.net^$domain=~facebook.com|~facebook.net|~fbcdn.com|~fbcdn.net
Advertisement
Just go into Adblock Plus ' preferences , click add filter , and copy and paste each of the above as a separate filter .
Now , even if you 're logged into Facebook , outside sites will not be able to tell , so your accounts wo n't automatically link with one another .
You should also turn off Facebook 's Instant Personalization Program in your Facebook privacy settings .
Note that doing this without adding the filters does n't block you from future bugs in the system , and if your Facebook has already connected to a site , you 'll have to go into your Facebook settings and delete the added application .
You 'll also have to go to your Yelp , Pandora , or Microsoft Docs.com account and delete the friends that Facebook added for you .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ via #tips ]
Submitted without comment .
You guys go nuts , though .
As for site news , a bunch of posts coming your way .
Stay tuned .
Four climate protesters have scaled Melbourne 's famous Young & Jackson hotel , hanging a 23 - metre long banner from the building .
The banner covering the giant “ Time Square ” electronic sign on top of the hotel reads “ No more climate back flips - Switch Off Hazelwood . ”
The World Environment Day protest aims to highlight Kevin Rudd 's policy reversals on climate change and is part of the campaign to replace Hazelwood power station with renewable energy .
Spokesperson for the group Ellen Roberts said , “ After comprehensively failing to fulfil his electoral mandate to take action on climate change , Kevin Rudd is under pressure to finally deliver .
It 's time we closed Hazelwood - Australia 's dirtiest coal - fired power station ”
“ Community support for replacing Hazelwood is growing as the public realises that Kevin Rudd and John Brumby have failed to deliver on climate .
Climate and environment groups will continue our campaign on Hazelwood all the way to the State Election .
Hazelwood power station is one of the dirtiest power stations in the developed world and produces 15 % of Victoria 's carbon pollution .
Call it the " bare necessities " -- in its most recent revamp of theme park employee dress codes , the Walt Disney Co. has decreed that women are no longer required to wear pantyhose , and that , for the first time , they may wear sleeveless tops -- as long as the shoulder straps are at least three inches wide .
You can read the full story in this article written by Hugo Martin and Jason Garcia in Wednesday 's Business section of the Los Angeles Times , but the upshot is that the latest tweaks to the famously conservative theme park dress code ( which forbade mustaches on male employees until 2000 ) will allow female employees to wear capri pants , and open - toed slingback shoes in addition to sporting bare arms and legs .
( Apparently , the only exception is when leg wear is required as part of a costume -- that means you .
Tinkerbell .
And Alice , do n't even think about throwing those tights down a rabbit hole ) .
As for the fellows , they can now wear an untucked casual shirt to work .
One word of caution :
If it 's a Lacoste crocodile - logo shirt ( yes , it 's a crocodile , not an alligator ; trust us ) , you might want to steer clear of the Captain Hook character -- we hear such things tend make him a bit skittish .
-- Adam Tschorn
Disney relaxes theme park workers ' dress code
Reality shapes Disney garb
Follow All the Rage on Facebook and Twitter .
Photos : A May 4 , 2005 , file photo from Disneyland in Anaheim , one of Disney 's theme parks affected by a new employee dress code that permits women to wear capri pants and open - toed shoes as well as forgo pantyhose for the first time -- unless it 's part of a character costume .
Credit : Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times .
Here are our favourite five role models who faced financial ruin but who avoided disaster .
There is a huge negative stigma attached to bankruptcy , and whilst it ’s certainly not something to aim for , bankruptcy ’s really not the end of the world .
Financial difficulties affect even the rich and famous , and some of the most successful people in the world have either come close to bankruptcy or have gone bankrupt and managed to overcome the problems it presents .
If these people can bounce back from being bankrupt , there is hope for anyone who is suffering with financial burdens .
Abraham Lincoln
Before he became President of the United States in 1861 , Abraham Lincoln was a lawyer in Illinois .
At the age of 23 , the young Lincoln was the owner of a local grocery store which ran into financial difficulty .
Lincoln was hugely indebted to creditors in a time before bankruptcy laws existed .
He persevered however , and went on to be one of the most successful presidents in US history .
Walt Disney
The man responsible for Mickey Mouse , Snow White and The Lion King also had to deal with the bitterness of failure before creating his enduring animation legacy .
In 1920 , Walt Disney and fellow cartoonist Ubbe Iwerks created “ Iwerks - Disney Commercial Artists ” .
Disney ’s early cartoons were a success but when the company overstretched itself bringing in too many animators too quickly they ran up large debts .
Disney eventually filed for bankruptcy in 1923 .
Five years later Mickey Mouse made his first outing in Plane Crazy , the rest is history .
Henry Ford
The first car company founded by the engineering pioneer lasted just 18 months .
Ford founded the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899 .
By the end of 1900 the company was in severe trouble and eventually went bankrupt .
The company was dissolved in January 1901 .
Ford tried his hand unsuccessfully for a second time before founding the Ford Motor Company in 1903 and revolutionizing the American automotive industry .
Thomas Jefferson
Another US President with financial issues .
Jefferson may have penned the Declaration of Independence but he was notoriously poor with money .
The third President went bankrupt several times in his life , encumbered by huge mortgages .
His debts meant that he could not free his slaves , despite being an outspoken abolitionist .
Michael Jackson
One of the most iconic musicians of our time , Michael Jackson ’s domination of pop music is likely never to be repeated .
At one point Jackson ’s estate was estimated to be worth over $ 800 million but excessive lifestyle habits and costly court cases dogged his later career .
Jackson was on the brink of bankruptcy and faced huge remortgages on properties he owned .
It was only after the singer ’s tragic death that the Jackson estate was secured thanks to huge boosts in record sales .
Photo credit : theamericanroadside , chadh , armadillo444 , annethelibrarian , wallyg , guidosportaal
Remember that Scene in Star Trek IV where Scotty tried to use a Mac Plus ?
Using a mouse or keyboard to control a computer ?
Do n't be silly .
In the future , clearly there 's only one way computers will be controlled : by speaking to them .
There 's only one teeny - tiny problem with this magical future world of computers we control with our voices .
It does n't work .
Despite ridiculous , order of magnitude increases in computing power over the last decade , we can't figure out how to get speech recognition accuracy above 80 % -- when the baseline human voice transcription accuracy rate is anywhere from 96 % to 98 % !
In 2001 recognition accuracy topped out at 80 % , far short of HAL - like levels of comprehension .
Adding data or computing power made no difference .
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University checked again in 2006 and found the situation unchanged .
With human discrimination as high as 98 % , the unclosed gap left little basis for conversation .
But sticking to a few topics , like numbers , helped .
Saying â€œoneâ€ into the phone works about as well as pressing a button , approaching 100 % accuracy .
But loosen the vocabulary constraint and recognition begins to drift , turning to vertigo in the wide - open vastness of linguistic space .
As Robert Fortner explained in Rest in Peas : The Unrecognized Death of Speech Recognition , after all these years , we 're desperately far away from any sort of universal speech recognition that 's useful or practical .
Now , we do have to clarify that we 're talking about universal recognition : saying anything to a computer , and having it reliably convert that into a valid , accurate text representation .
When you constrain the voice input to a more limited vocabulary -- say , just numbers , or only the names that happen to be in your telephone 's address book -- it 's not unreasonable to expect a high level of accuracy .
I tend to think of this as " voice control " rather than " voice recognition " .
Still , I think we 're avoiding the real question : is voice control , even hypothetically perfect voice control , more effective than the lower tech alternatives ?
In my experience , speech is one of the least effective , inefficient forms of communicating with other human beings .
By that , I mean ...
typical spoken communication tends to be off - the - cuff and ad -hoc .
Unless you 're extremely disciplined , on average you will be unclear , rambling , and excessively verbose .
people tend to hear about half of what you say at any given time .
If you 're lucky .
spoken communication puts a highly disproportionate burden on the listener .
Compare the time it takes to process a voicemail versus the time it takes to read an email .
I am by no means against talking with my fellow human beings .
I have a very deep respect for those rare few who are great communicators in the challenging medium of conversational speech .
Though we 've all been trained literally from birth how to use our voices to communicate , voice communication remains filled with pitfalls and misunderstandings .
Even in the best of conditions .
So why in the world -- outside of a disability -- would I want to extend the creaky , rickety old bridge of voice communication to controlling my computer ?
Is n't there a better way ?
Robert 's post contains some examples in the comments from voice control enthusiasts :
in addition to extremely accurate voice dictation , there are those really cool commands , like being able to say something like " search Google for Balloon Boy " or something like that and having it automatically open up your browser and enter the search term -- something like this is accomplished many times faster than a human could do it .
Or , being able to total up a column of numbers in Microsoft Excel by saying simply " total this column " and seeing the results in a blink of an eye , literally .
That 's funny , because I just fired up the Google app on my iPhone , said " balloon boy " into it , and got .. a search for " blue boy " .
I am not making this up .
As for the Excel example , total which column ?
Let 's assume you 've dealt with the tricky problem of selecting what column you 're talking about with only your voice .
( I 'm sorry , was it D5 ? B5 ? )
Would n't it be many times faster to click the toolbar icon with your mouse , or press the keyboard command equivalent , to sum the column -- rather than methodically and tediously saying the words " sum this column " out loud ?
I 'm also trying to imagine a room full of people controlling their computers or phones using their voices .
It 's difficult enough to get work done in today 's chatty work environments without the added burden of a floor full of people saying " zoom ... enhance " to their computers all day long .
Would n't we all end up hoarse and deaf ?
Let 's look at another practical example -- YouTube 's automatic speech recognition feature .
I clicked through to the first UC Berkeley video with this feature , clicked the CC ( closed caption ) icon , and immediately got .. this .
" Light exerts force on matter " .
But according to Google 's automatic speech recognition , it 's " like the search for some matter " .
Unsurprisingly , it does not get better from there .
You'd be way more confused than educated if you had to learn this lecture from the automatic transcription .
Back when Joel Spolsky and I had a podcast together , a helpful listener suggested using speech recognition to get a basic podcast transcript going .
Everything I knew about voice recognition told me this would n't help , but harm .
What 's worse : transcribing everything by hand , from scratch -- or correcting every third or fourth word in an auto - generated machine transcript ?
Maybe it 's just me , but the friction of the huge error rate inherent in the machine transcript seems far more intimidating than a blank slate human transcription .
The humans may not be particularly efficient , but they all add value along the way -- collective human judgment can editorially improve the transcript , by removing all the duplication , repetition , and " ums " of a literal , by - the - book transcription .
In 2004 , Mike Bliss composed a poem about voice recognition .
He then read it to voice recognition software on his PC , and rewrote it as recognized .
a poem by Mike Bliss
like a baby , it listens
it can't discriminate
it tries to understand
it reflects what it thinks you say
it gets it wrong ... sometimes
sometimes it gets it right .
One day it will grow up ,
like a baby , it has potential
will it go to work ?
will it turn to crime ?
you look at it indulgently .
you can't help loving it , can you ?
a poem by like myth
like a baby , it nuisance
it can't discriminate
it tries to oven
it reflects lot it things you say
it gets it run sometimes
sometimes it gets it right
wo n't day it will grow bop
Ninth a baby , it has provincial
will it both to look ?
will it the two crime ?
you move at it inevitably
you can't help loving it , can not you ?
The real punchline here is that Mike re-ran the experiment in 2008 , and after 5 minutes of voice training , the voice recognition got all but 2 words of the original poem correct !
I suspect that 's still not good enough in the face of the existing simpler alternatives .
Remember handwriting recognition ?
It was all the rage in the era of the Apple Newton .
It was n't as bad as Doonesbury made it out to be .
I learned Palm's Graffiti handwriting recognition language and got fairly proficient with it .
More than ten years later , you 'd expect to see massively improved handwriting recognition of some sort in today 's iPads and iPhones and iOthers , right ?
Well , maybe , if by " massively improved " you mean " nonexistent " .
While it still surely has its niche uses , I personally do n't miss handwriting recognition .
Not even a little .
And I can't help wondering if voice recognition will go the same way .
Earlier this month , Leigh Moore sat down at a computer and could see , for the first time , a bar graph of her electricity usage — detailed enough to allow her to pinpoint a 30 percent spike on a day she ran two dryer loads .
She usually hung her laundry outside , but it had rained , she recalled .
Moore , who lives in the tiny town of Martindale , near San Marcos , is among the first beneficiaries of the proliferating " smart grid " projects across Texas , which are supposed to save both customers and companies money through more efficient use of energy .
" It was just really , really enlightening to see how much difference those two things could make in your usage , " Moore said .
The definition of " smart grid " varies , but generally it involves improving efficiency by giving customers ( and utilities ) detailed information , such as ratepayers ' daily and even hourly usage .
So far , only a few utilities in Texas have this capability .
It 's brand new : Bastrop - based Bluebonnet , Moore 's electric utility , turned it on this month for all 81,000 customers in its Central Texas territory .
Several of the big electric utilities in Texas also have enabled some customers to monitor usage online .
In March , the website smartmetertexas.com went live , allowing customers of Oncor , CenterPoint , AEP Texas Central and AEP Texas North to track their usage in 15 - minute intervals .
Currently , the option is available to about 1.4 million customers who have smart meters — a necessary prelude to the smart grid — already installed , but that number should reach 6.3 million in a few years , said Terry Hadley , a Public Utility Commission spokesman .
Catherine Cuellar , a spokeswoman for Dallas - based Oncor , said one company employee who used smartmetertexas.com saw an electric spike on Friday and Saturday nights when he was out of town and realized that his dog sitter must be partying in his absence .
" I think a lot of people do n't realize how antiquated the grid is — comparable to the rotary phone , " she said .
The expansion has not come without hiccups .
In Dallas and Killeen , some homeowners have complained that the installation of smart meters has caused their electric bills to soar .
The PUC is looking at whether the meters are accurate ; a report is expected by July 15 .
Hadley said the testing is almost finished and so far shows that the meters are accurate , but the process of transmitting information to utility data systems remains under review .
( Another possibility , cited by Oncor , is that some consumers did not factor in the impact of weather changes to their heating and cooling usage .
Also , the old meters could have been inaccurate . )
New pricing structure
A 2007 state law urges that smart meters " be deployed as rapidly as possible to allow customers to better manage energy use and control costs , and to facilitate demand response initiatives . "
And the federal government has also encouraged smart - grid projects , by awarding stimulus grants to companies .
Recipients have included Oncor ( $ 3.5 million ) and Austin 's Pecan Street Project ( $ 10.4 million ) .
Many smart - grid projects seek to create a pricing structure more reflective of supply - and - demand realities in the electric world — in other words , more efficient .
Right now , most people get a once - a - month bill , reflective of a rate that does not change in accordance with the time of day .
But on the wholesale market — for example , when a coal plant sells its electricity to transmission and distribution companies — the rate varies .
It 's far more expensive during the day , when people are using their air conditioners and washing machines , and cheaper at night when everybody 's asleep .
The smart grid will allow people to choose rate plans in which they pay more for electricity during the day and less at night , smoothing out an inefficiency in the system and potentially saving everyone money .
Cuellar says that time - of - use pricing plans are already available to Oncor 's smart - meter customers .
Ultimately , if electric cars become more prevalent , smart - grid plans will help ensure that drivers have an incentive to plug them in for a long charge at night , when power prices are lower .
( That 's a long way off , however : Plug - In Texas , an electric vehicle group , estimates that the number of plug - in vehicles in the state could be as low as 100 . )
Smart - grid projects are n't cheap :
They involve meters that cost well over $ 100 each , as well as fancy new back - office infrastructure .
The PUC has authorized utilities to recover costs through a surcharge .
Oncor , for example , currently has an add - on of $ 2.19 per month on customers ' bills that is in effect for 11 years ; the total cost of its project is $ 686 million .
Bluebonnet 's smart - grid project , six or seven years in the making , has cost $ 30 million , which is folded into rates that have " stayed competitive , " according to the cooperative 's chief executive , Mark Rose .
( Bluebonnet 's rates rose 6 percent this year , the first increase in four years . )
Rose says the smart - grid project is saving money by allowing Bluebonnet to reduce its number of employees — smart readers can be read remotely — while increasing the number of people it serves .
Turn on your porch light
Rose , who was the helm of the Lower Colorado River Authority during the mid-1990s , when it went out on a limb and bought power from the first major wind farm in Texas , says Bluebonnet 's project is far from finished .
In October , he says , the utility will begin deploying even smarter meters in households in its service territory .
This will allow customers to monitor the electricity usage of individual appliances , such as washing machines and refrigerators and air conditioning , and to turn their lights and appliances on and off from a computer anywhere — something that is possible for some Europeans but unheard of in the United States .
So customers could , for example , turn on their porch lights shortly before coming home .
Moore , the Bluebonnet customer in Martindale , is planning to retire soon from her Internal Revenue Service job and already plans some changes her behavior .
She plans to get an internet connection at home , a programmable thermostat and perhaps insulation for her attic .
Reading her usage patterns , she said , made a big difference .
" It just drove it home how much you really can control what you do , " she said .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Robert Klein , Robert Klein interview , Unfair & Unbalanced
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
Robert Klein holds the honor of having starred in the very first comedy special ever done for HBO , way back in 1975 , and he ’s been a regular staple of the network ever since .
His latest stand - up effort , “ Unfair & Unbalanced , ” premieres on June 12 , and in the midst of a flurry of press to promote the show , Klein was able to take the time to chat with Bullz - Eye , discussing the part music has played in his performances over the years , the bad advice he gave Lorne Michaels in the mid-1970s , and the reason why he keeps getting cast as an old Jew .
Robert Klein : Will …?
Bullz - Eye : Hey , Robert , good to talk to you !
RK : Where are you ?
BE : I ’m in Norfolk , Virginia .
RK : ( With unabashed amusement ) Norfolk !
BE : Yes ! ( Laughs ) I laughed a lot when you mentioned it in the special .
RK : Is n’t that great ?
The summer before last , I did a really wonderful date , actually , and became very nostalgic .
I… ( Pauses ) Oh , geez , my phone is going off .
Hold on one second …
( Klein answers his phone , and as soon as he returns , he addresses what I could tell was the primary thrust of his brief conversation : the fact that he ’s been bumped as a guest from tonight ’s Keith Olbermann show . )
RK : Apparently , the Blanche Lincoln race is more important than Robert Klein .
That ’s a travesty !
BE : There is no justice .
" In the past , I ’ve had these big sets for these one - man shows , and this one has just a beautiful background which HBO quality controlled … and you can bet that , with the big money going down there , it looks good .
Really good .
But , you know , I did the very first HBO comedy special , and I did it at a college .
And one time , Rosie O’Donnell did one , and she took the money and did it in a little club .
HBO was so pissed at her !
They want to see production values ! "
RK : I ’m bumped ‘ til tomorrow .
( Sighs ) But , yeah , anyway , there ’s this comedy festival that they have every year…or , at least , they ’ve had it the past few years … in Johnny Carson ’s hometown , and it ’s spelled the same way , but they called it “ Nor - Fork . ”
They ’re too shy , apparently , to call it what it really is .
But I went to this little county museum , and there ’s a section devoted to Johnny , and his sister had sent a picture of him and Dick , who was his brother , who directed “ The Tonight Show ” for years .
And I saw a picture of Johnny taken two weeks before he died .
It really got me into a nostalgic mood , and in order to get out of this place in Nebraska , you have to go through Minneapolis , where I saw the actual toilet that Larry Craig , uh , immortalized .
( Laughs )
And I get home , and early the next morning , the phone is ringing off the hook … and George Carlin had died .
Here I was in this big nostalgic thing for Johnny , whose show I did 82 times as a guest and a couple of dozen times as a guest host , and then George died .
( Long pause )
So , yeah , anyway , Norfolk .
So you ’re …I ’m not really familiar with your magazine , ‘ cause I ’m kind of a bohemian .
( Laughs )
BE : ( Laughs ) I guess you could say that we cater to a predominantly male demographic .
RK : Oh , so you like all kinds of nice things , right ?
BE : Absolutely .
RK : Kind of on the level of the Robb Report , with all those things rich people can afford ?
BE : Well , maybe not quite that nice .
( Laughs )
Well , I enjoyed the new special .
I watched it this morning , in fact .
RK : Thank you , thank you …
BE : So the song that kicks off the proceedings , is that called “ Obama ( Keep It In Your Pants ) ” ?
RK : It ’s called “ Hymn for America . ”
BE : Even better .
RK : But I do these symphony gigs , and …see , HBO bought into that .
I do these symphonies around the country , a pops series , and I ’m maybe the only comedian they feel they can trust to do a show for the patrons of a symphony matinee who ’ll do stand - up and then do music .
( Laughs )
But we could n’t afford to hire a Philharmonic , so we went after a music academy , and they were great .
It was the University of Miami , and the Henry Mancini estate bankrolled this lovely music school , and it was great to have these fresh - looking young players .
I love this show .
I think it ’s edgier than shows I ’ve done for the past few years … maybe counterintuitively , to the fact that I ’m more of a geezer than I was five years ago for the last show .
( Laughs )
BE : Are there more songs in this special than usual ?
Because it felt that way …and not in a bad way .
RK : Well , I always use music , and there ’s this DVD box set in which all previous eight HBO specials … it used to be just a piano , then it became a rhythm section and stuff .
It ’s possible that there ’s more .
There ’s dancing !
We did “ I Ca n’t Stop My Leg ” in Spanish last time … ( Sings ) “ No puedo parar mi pierna ! ”
We did it with these Cuban dancers , and it was …well , not Cuban , but from Miami .
The thing is the symphony , the richness of the sound .
I would n’t say it ’s more necessarily .
I think it gives the impression of it because it ’s such a big ensemble there .
I just love how big the sound is .
I told them that I ’m not going to tell them my jokes , so they ’re free to laugh … and I hope they will … while they ’re out there , because they ’re all listening behind me .
They were adorable .
The whole thing was a wonderful experience .
And that Broward Performing Arts Center was just perfect .
The lighting design made it look special .
In the past , I ’ve had these big sets for these one - man shows , and this one has just a beautiful background which HBO quality controlled … and you can bet that , with the big money going down there , it looks good .
Really good .
But , you know , I did the very first HBO comedy special , and I did it at a college .
And one time , Rosie O’Donnell did one , and she took the money and did it in a little club .
( Laughs ) HBO was so pissed at her !
They want to see production values !
BE : You know , talking about feeling nostalgic , that ’s how I felt when you broke out “ I Ca n’t Stop My Leg . ”
RK : Yes !
I ’ve done that in all the shows .
We did a hip - hop version , a Broadway version … it began as an improvisation at an improv club in 1966 or 1967 .
Ray Johnson was the pianist , and I was just wailing on the harmonica and stomping my foot , and it was a real Second City moment .
My improvisational training … after literally two minutes of wailing on the harmonica and stomping my foot , the first thing that comes out of my mouth , “ I ca n’t stop my leg ! ” ( Laughs )
And the audience caved , so I knew I had a great punch line there .
And then I worked on it outwards from there .
We did it on Broadway in 1986 … ( Sings ) “ I ca n’t stop my leg…on Broadway ! ”
And there would be these beautiful dancers .
So , anyway , music has always been a part of what I do , but there is an important proviso in Robert Klein music and comedy , and that is that the music be good .
Whether it ’s doo - wop , in which I had the ego - maniacal dream trip of recording the entire group myself …
I did it on record , in Child of the ‘ 50s , and I did it in one of the shows , and it sounds like a real Harlem group circa 1960 .
Whether it ’s that or blues or hip - hop … anything we do , the music has to be good and not just a throwaway .
I think comedy and music is , to my way of thinking , all the better if the music is good .
BE : I ’d agree .
In fact , after listening to “ Medical Marijuana ” from the new special , which I ’m ready to add to my iPod , I went to YouTube and listened “ Let ’s Not Make Love . ”
I ’d forgotten just how great a song that was .
It could fit into any light - FM playlist even now .
" I was never a big promoter .
I did n’t have a lot of promo people .
I always ran my career rather modesty , in the sense that I let the talent speak for itself , and I ’ve done well , so I must n’t be greedy .
I ’ve made many decisions ... not to do some big sitcoms , not to move to California ... but I do n’t regret them , to be honest . "
RK : Now , see , I …well , first of all , thank you , because I thought “ Let ’s Not Make Love ” was a beautiful song that Bob and I wrote , and it was a lovely …
( Heistates ) Now , wait , you said you listened to it , but have you seen the actual video ?
BE : No , I never have .
RK : I think that ’s on YouTube , too .
VH - 1 played it a few times , but then they just sort of dropped it .
I thought it was well done , and …I was never a big promoter .
I did n’t have a lot of promo people .
I always ran my career rather modesty , in the sense that I let the talent speak for itself , and I ’ve done well , so I must n’t be greedy .
I ’ve made many decisions not to do some big sitcoms , not to move to California , but I do n’t regret them , to be honest .
When I got divorced 20 years ago , there was no way I was going to leave my son behind .
He ’s 26 now , and we ’re very , very close .
There were other considerations .
But , anyway , it ’s a good song , and …I thought that would take off like crazy !
( Laughs )
BE : Well , being based in New York , I guess it was pretty easy for you to host “ Saturday Night Live ” back in the ‘ 70s .
RK : Well , you know , I was too big already in 1975 to be one of the kids … ( Laughs ) … so I had to be content with the hosting gig .
I remember all these discussions between Lorne Michaels and my manager , Jack Rollins , so I hosted the fifth show , and I knew the “ kids . ”
They were former Second City people who came through Second City four or five years after me .
I played the O’Keefe Center , this big theater in Toronto , and they all came to see me … Aykroyd and Gilda Radner , Belushi , Marty Short … and I spent a drunken night with them at this after - hours bar near where Aykroyd lived .
It was wonderful .
Belushi was a pussycat , a sweet kid , and he just fell … there were an awful amount of drugs around back then , during both times I hosted “ SNL . ”
I would ’ve hosted it four or five times , but movies and other things always seemed to get in the way .
Most people survived , grew up , and that was it , but some people fell through the cracks , and Belushi was hopeless .
Laraine Newman was saved somehow .
A lovely woman , intelligent , talented .
The drugs were just bad .
They were just lying around .
But the shows were funny .
That ca n’t be denied .
BE : Plus , you had ABBA as the musical guest on one of your episodes .
RK : Is that true ?
I ca n’t even remember anymore .
BE : Oh , yeah , you were the captain of the Titanic , and they were playing as the ship went down .
( Laughs )
RK : I do n’t even have a copy of the episode .
I could never figure ABBA out , anyway .
You know , I was wrong : I told Lorne , “ I think you should n’t do it live .
Everyone ’s nervous , and you ca n’t do your best performance . ”
And I was wrong .
BE : You mentioned your background in improvisation , and on Wikipedia , there ’s a reference to how your audition for Second City was with Fred Willard .
Is that actually true ?
RK : Yeah , that ’s right .
BE : Wow .
RK : That is true .
You sound surprised that anything at Wikipedia is true , but that actually is .
I ’m not that familiar with Wikipedia , but I understand nothing on there has to be verified .
But , yes , there were about 30 people , as I recall , in a William Morris Agency conference room .
I had been submitted by an agent , and they asked us to do improvisation for Sheldon Patinkin and Bernie Sahlins , who were the director and owner of Second City , respectively , and your fellow actors , trying to get the job , handed out the suggestions for improvisation … and they were ballbusters , because they wanted the job !
But , yeah , it ’s true : I was a club owner and he was a folk singer who was trying to get hired , and then we reversed roles .
Then a few months later , maybe six to eight weeks later , we were told to report to work in March of 1965 .
Fred and I and some friends were in a wonderful movie a few years ago called “ Ira & Abby , ” which I very much recommend .
I do n’t know why it did n’t just do everything , but it was great , with Jason Alexander , Judith Light , and a lot of good people .
But , anyway , he ’s great , he ’s hilarious and hot , and we saw each other at the 50th anniversary of Second City , which happened about three months ago .
BE : I was looking over your IMDb listing , and I was wondering why you think you ’re cast as a doctor so often .
Do you think it ’s a Jewish thing ?
RK : Probably .
( Laughs )
What I ’m trying to figure out is why I keep getting cast as an old Jew .
I do n’t understand that .
Is it because I am an old Jew , do you think ?
But I am playing a priest on Starz .
Did you know that ?
BE : I did !
It ’s in “ Gravity , ” correct ?
RK : It is !
It ’s in “ Gravity . ”
Yeah , I did it as a favor for a friend .
I used to make a joke all the time , “ I ’ve never played a priest !
I ’ve never been cast as an Episcopal minister ! ”
And now here I am… ( Trails off )
What was that you said ?
IDMF ?
What is it ?
BE : IMDb .
The Internet Movie Database .
RK : Oh !
Well , yeah , there have been a lot of doctors and a lot of lawyers .
I have a semi-running part …by which I mean twice … ( Laughs ) … on “ Law & Order : Special Victims Unit ” as a lawyer .
You know , they go very much by type .
I ’ll always admire Wes Craven and whoever else cast me in that “ Twilight Zone ” episode .
And I was in “ Hooper , ” and …there are a number of instances where I ’m not particularly Jewish .
On “ Gravity , ” though , I was the most Jewish priest you ’ve seen , I must say .
“ What have you got for me ? ”
What priest says that ?
( Laughs ) I laughed out loud , it was so funny .
And I do n’t think I meant to do that , but I did it .
What I want to play is a cowboy .
I ’m a good rider , and I want to do a Western before I die .
BE : I ’ll keep my ears open for you .
RK : Please .
BE : Well , I ’m sure “ Ira & Abby ” will be on your list of answers for this question , but …what are some of your favorite projects that you ’ve worked on that did n’t get the love you thought they deserved ?
RK : “ The Bell Jar . ” Yes , “ Ira & Abby . ”
There ’s one I did with Adam Sandler …
BE : “ Reign Over Me ” ?
RK : Yeah , “ Reign Over Me . ” I thought he did a wonderful job , but he makes more money as an idiot .
I thought he was wonderful , though .
He was terrific in that .
He plays an understated dentist , and it was well conceived by the director , Mike Binder .
It was a great project .
And I ’ve had some pilots .
I did a pilot for CBS in 1976 , where Peter Boyle and Madeline Kahn were my guest stars , and my son laughed out loud looking at this goddamned thing and all the people .
He thought it was ahead of its time .
It was kind of Monty Python - ish .
This was ’ 76 .
I kept saying , “ Yeah , but look at ‘ Saturday Night Live ’ ! ”
They were , like , “ Ah , that ’s nothing , that ’s late night , that ’ll never last . ”
Now they ’re open to so many more imaginative projects , crazy ones like “ Gravity , ” which may not be that good , but they allow them latitude .
It ’s more dynamic now …although , in a sense , it ’s turned on its head , because people are looking at computers , young people are not watching television as much as they did , and stuff that makes people stop and think is definitely not at a premium at the moment .
That ’s not a good sign .
It ’s probably the lead - based painted toys that the Chinese are sending us .
That ’s how they ’re going to get us silently : as our children grow up , sucking on these toys , as they ’re intellectually retarded , they ’ll take over in every technical field .
There ’s a novel there …
HBO Publicist :
We have time for one more .
RK : Okay , go ahead .
He ’s like a quiz master , this guy .
“ We ’ve got time for one more . ”
Okay , take it !
BE : ( Laughs )
Any idea when we ’ll see more of your albums turn up on iTunes ?
And by “ more , ” I mean “ any , ” because there are none at all .
RK : What can I do to get them onto iTunes ?
I have no objections to them being up there .
BE : I guess it just depends on what labels own the rights to them .
RK : Oh .
I own the rights to them , with Bob Stein .
We wrote them .
There ’s no problem with those songs .
We ’ll get them out there .
Yeah , I ’ve been asked a lot of times about doing an album , about putting out the Robert Klein music .
I do n’t know who ’d buy it .
But “ The Colonoscopy Song , ” which was nominated for a prime - time Emmy award , that ’s pretty good comedy and music .
That ’s , like , Victor Borge quality .
It ’s top notch , and some of that stuff over the years …it ’s good music , too .
Let it seep through the system !
It ’ll certainly be on the iPods soon .
And tell your constituency to keep sucking on that brandy and those cigars and buying speedboats and all of those things they ’re spending money on .
Is that true of your web magazine ?
BE : Sure .
We ’re also big on sports scores and bikini girls .
RK : ( Laughs )
That ’s great !
BE : Well , it ’s been a pleasure talking to you , Robert .
Thanks a lot .
: You , too , Will .
Thank you !
United Nations ( CNN ) -- North Korea on Tuesday rejected international findings that it sank a South Korean ship , warning at the United Nations the dispute could lead to war .
" A war may break out any time , " Ambassador Sin Son Ho said , accusing South Korea of " fabricating " the results of the investigation into the sinking of the Cheonan .
The loss of the ship and 46 sailors in March raised tensions on the Korean Peninsula .
North and South Korea presented their cases to the United Nations on Monday , and South Korea then urged the Security Council to take " timely and appropriate measures . "
North Korea 's envoy responded harshly Tuesday .
" If the Security Council releases any documents against us , condemning or pressuring us ... then myself as diplomat , I can do nothing .
...
The follow - up measures will be carried out by our military forces , " he said .
Why are the two Koreas so hostile ?
U.N. Security Council President Claude Heller said Monday that the U.N. body is " gravely concerned " about the latest tensions .
Heller said the council is concerned over the potential " impact on peace and stability on the Korean peninsula " as a result of the March 26 sinking of the Cheonan in disputed waters .
" We presented and explained to [ the council ] the evidence that the Cheonan was sunk by a torpedo , which was made in North Korea , and launching was also done by a North Korean ... submarine , " said Yoon Duk - yong , a science and physics professor serving as a civilian expert on the South Korean panel .
Yoon said the findings were based on evidence recovered after the sinking , including an intact piece of the torpedo with propellers , steering plates and a motor .
" We hope that on the basis of these findings , " he said , " the Security Council will take timely and appropriate measures against the provocation of North Korea against the naval ship of the Republic of Korea . "
But North Korea 's ambassador disputed the international findings , comparing them to " some kind of fiction in Aesop 's Fables . "
" The ' investigation result ' is a complete fabrication from A to Z , " he said .
The council is calling on both sides " to refrain from any act that could escalate tensions in the region , " Heller said .
The two - hour meeting was held behind closed doors Monday afternoon and was also attended by U.S. , Australian , British , Swedish and Canadian scientific experts who had participated in the investigation .
The Japanese ambassador to the United Nations made brief remarks following the two nations ' presentations , saying " there is no other explanation " than that the South Korean ship was sunk by a North Korean torpedo .
" I think the council should react in a decisive manner , but at the same time try to avoid any act which may provoke " a retaliatory attack , Ambassador Yukio Takasu said .
North Korea repeatedly has denied any responsibility in the sinking .
Heller said a decision has not yet been made on how to respond to the incident .
" The Security Council will continue its consultations , " he said .
Earlier this month , 47 senators -- every Republican and six Democrats -- voted for Sen. Lisa Murkowski's ( R - AK ) resolution to overturn the Environmental Protection Agency 's scientific global warming endangerment finding , finalized after years of delay in following a Supreme Court mandate to obey the language of the Clean Air Act .
Twenty of Murkowski's supporters claimed they voted to reject science in order to preserve the " balance of power " between the legislative and executive branch .
They said that they had to overturn the EPA 's scientific finding because setting pollution limits should instead be the job of the elected members of Congress .
Sen. Mike Enzi ( R - WY ) even said he voted for Murkowski to " ensure that Congress keeps its responsibility to establish our nation 's environmental regulations . "
Like " deficit peacocks " who pretend to be hawkish on budgets but refuse any real solution , these " climate peacocks " claim to care about science , energy reform , and the environment , but have yet to find solutions to the threat of climate change .
Reid is now calling the bluff of these twenty " responsible " senators , who will be proven to be fossil - fueled hypocrites if they fail to support policies that bring the swift reduction of carbon pollution that science demands .
< h2 > The Climate Peacock Caucus </ h2 >
Lamar Alexander ( R - TN ) : " It 's Congress ' job -- not a bureaucrat 's or agency 's -- to take action on carbon in a way that preserves jobs . "
Scott Brown ( R - MA ) : " We can not allow these decisions to be made by an unelected bureaucracy ; this is an issue that deserves a full debate in Congress . "
Susan Collins ( R - ME ) : " I also have serious concerns about unelected government officials at the EPA taking on this complicated issue instead of Congress .
It is Congress that should establish the framework for regulation of greenhouse gas emissions . "
Bob Corker ( R - TN ) : " I do n't believe it 's appropriate for the EPA to mandate large - scale carbon emissions reductions through administrative regulations .
If there is any action taken in this regard , it should be done through Congress . "
Mike Crapo ( R - ID ) : " Such an important debate as climate change , and the potential to drive up costs on consumers and small businesses , should not be left in the hands of Washington , D.C. , bureaucrats . "
Mike Enzi ( R - WY ) : " I rise in support of Senator Murkowski ’s resolution that would ensure that Congress keeps its responsibility to establish our nation ’s environmental regulations . "
Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) : " This is a balance - of - power issue and it has long been clear to me that Congress should write the rules when it comes to the regulation of carbon , not the EPA . "
Chuck Grassley ( R - IA ) : " These decisions should be made by Congress , where officials can be held accountable by the people , rather than by an unelected bureaucracy , in this case the same agency that tried to penalize farmers for the fugitive dust that kicks up from the tractor on windy days . "
Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) : " Hatch and Murkowski believe it is Congress ’s job to establish any carbon control program , not the executive branch . "
Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) : " I believe it ’s wrong for the administration to try to advance its goals by any means possible , in this case , by going around the legislative branch and using the EPA to enact sweeping economic and energy regulation . "
Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) : " If the federal government is serious about reducing carbon emissions , Congress needs to develop the right goals , guidelines and tools necessary to do the job . "
Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) : " Congress – not unelected bureaucrats – should be making the complicated , multi- faceted decisions on energy and climate policy . "
John McCain ( R - AZ ) : " What this debate , and this resolution , is really about whether the American people get a say in our Nation ’s energy policy through their elected representatives or if they will be bound to the whims of the unelected bureaucrats at the EPA . "
Lisa Murkowski ( R - AK ) : " We should continue our work to pass meaningful energy and climate legislation , but in the meantime , we cannot turn a blind eye to the EPA 's efforts to impose back - door climate regulations with no input from Congress . "
Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) : " Controlling the levels of carbon emissions is the job of Congress .
We do n’t need EPA looking over Congress ’ shoulder telling us we ’re not moving fast enough . "
Mark Pryor ( D - AR ) : " Although I agree with the science , I firmly believe that Congress , and not the EPA , should determine policy on greenhouse gas emissions . "
Jim Risch ( R - ID ) : " The merits of global warming and how to address it should be debated in the legislative bodies of Congress , not decided by an unelected bureaucratic agency of the federal government . "
Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) : " I intend to vote for Senator Murkowski's Resolution of Disapproval because I believe we must send a strong message that the fate of West Virginia 's economy , our manufacturing industries , and our workers should not be solely in the hands of EPA . "
Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) : " It is Congress – and not unelected bureaucrats – that should be responsible for developing environmental policies that integrate our nation ’s economic well - being as an urgent priority along with the reduction of carbon emissions , and I do not accept that these are mutually exclusive goals . "
George Voinovich ( R - OH ) : " Unfortunately , the Obama Administration and Senate Democrats today rejected an attempt to put our nation ’s environment and energy policy back into Congress ' hands . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Hewlett - Packard Co. on Tuesday said it will invest $ 1 billion to consolidate and automate its data centers , a move that will lead to the elimination of 9,000 jobs over a " multiyear " period .
The Palo Alto , Calif . - based computer and printing giant HPQ , +0.37 % said annual savings in its enterprise - services division would range from $ 500 million to $ 700 million once the transformation is complete .
H- P plans to halve the number of data centers its operates to around 50 .
Data centers are used to store computerized information of businesses , government agencies and other organizations .
In a conference call , Hewlett - Packard executives said they will rely heavily on " attrition " -- not replacing workers who leave because of retirement or other personal reasons -- to eliminate positions in its data centers .
Shares of H - P rose more than 1 % to $ 46.56 by midday Tuesday following the news .
At the same time , H - P said it would hire more than 6,000 workers in sales and other areas of its enterprise - services unit .
The shift toward automation will allow H - P to better deploy assets obtained via the acquisition of EDS in mid-2008 , according to the company .
" We see the possibility of taking enterprise services to an entirely new level based on applying H - P industry - leading technology to the services business , " said Cathie Lesjak , H - P's chief financial officer .
In a report , analyst Louis Miscioscia of equity - research firm Collin Stewart said H - P was taking a sound approach .
EDS failed to invest sufficiently in automation and its data centers were more expensive to operate , he added , giving rivals such as International Business Machines Corp. IBM , +0.60 % a competitive advantage .
" Going back to when H - P acquired EDS in 2008 , we had been very supportive of the tactical and strategic importance of this move from day one , " Miscioscia commented .
Needham analyst Richard Kugele wrote in a note : " Despite its massive scale , H - P continues to impress with its relentless focus on efficiency and improvement .
" Since first announcing the EDS deal in 2008 , H- P has indentified $ 4.5 billion in gross savings from the division , " he said .
" With only $ 3 billion in savings realized to date , we expect further operating margin expansion in the model over the next two to three years , independent of the macro- environment . "
Barclays Capital analyst Ben Reitzes also said the " potential savings are a positive over the long term " and cited Chief Executive Mark Hurd 's " proven ability to overdeliver on cost - cutting targets . "
Nevertheless , he wrote that " the investor reaction will likely be muted given restructuring charges do little to help H - P's multiple and clearly widen the delta between GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share . "
H - P plans to deduct $ 1 billion from reported income over the " multiyear " period required to complete the move toward fully automated data centers .
About half of the amount will be charged against third - quarter earnings , the company said .
In a Tuesday note , Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi , said the move could be " highly accretive to profitability " but also asked : " Are the charges really one - time ? "
Sacconaghi wrote that H- P has " projected a very positive tone about the health of its services business . "
But he pointed out that " the company has still not provided the dollar amount of services signings like other large services vendors , which makes it more challenging for investors to monitor the health of the services business . "
Direct drivers vary in their importance within and among systems and in the extent to which they are increasing their impact .
Historically , habitat and land use change have had the biggest impact on biodiversity across biomes .
Climate change is projected to increasingly affect all aspects of biodiversity , from individual organisms , through populations and species , to ecosystem composition and function .
Pollution , especially the deposition of nitrogen and phosphorus , but also including the impact of other contaminants , is also expected to have an increasing impact , leading to declining biodiversity across biomes .
Overexploitation and invasive species have been important as well and continue to be major drivers of changes in biodiversity ( C4.3 ) .
( See Figure 3.10 )
For terrestrial ecosystems , the most important direct driver of change in the past 50 years has been land cover change ( C4.3 , SG7 ) .
Only biomes relatively unsuited to crop plants , such as deserts , boreal forests , and tundra , are relatively intact ( C4 ) .
Deforestation and forest degradation are currently more extensive in the tropics than in the rest of the world , although data on boreal forests are especially limited ( C21 ) .
Approximately 10 – 20 % of drylands are considered degraded ( medium certainty ) , with the majority of these areas in Asia ( C22 ) .
A study of the southern African biota shows how degradation of habitats led to loss of biodiversity across all taxa .
( See Figure 3.11 )
Cultivated systems ( defined in the MA to be areas in which at least 30 % of the landscape is in croplands , shifting cultivation , confined livestock production , or freshwater aquaculture in any particular year ) cover 24 % of Earth ’s surface .
( See Figure 3.12 ) In 1990 , around 40 % of the cropland is located in Asia ; Europe accounts for 16 % , and Africa , North America , and South America each account for 13 % ( S7 ) .
For marine ecosystems , the most important direct driver of change in the past 50 years , in the aggregate , has been fishing .
Fishing is the major direct anthropogenic force affecting the structure , function , and biodiversity of the oceans ( C18 ) .
Fishing pressure is so strong in some marine systems that over much of the world the biomass of fish targeted in fisheries ( including that of both the target species and those caught incidentally ) has been reduced by 90 % relative to levels prior to the onset of industrial fishing .
In these areas a number of targeted stocks in all oceans have collapsed — having been overfished or fished above their maximum sustainable levels .
Recent studies have demonstrated that global fisheries landings peaked in the late 1980s and are now declining despite increasing effort and fishing power , with little evidence of this trend reversing under current practices ( C18.3 ) .
In addition to the landings , the average trophic level of global landings is declining , which implies that we are increasingly relying on fish that originate from the lower part of marine food webs ( C18.3 ) .
( See Figures 3.13 and 3.14 ) Destructive fishing is also a factor in shallower waters ; bottom trawling homogenizes three - dimensional benthic habitats and dramatically reduces biodiversity .
For freshwater ecosystems , depending on the region , the most important direct drivers of change in the past 50 years include physical changes , modification of water regimes , invasive species , and pollution .
The loss of wetlands worldwide has been speculated to be 50 % of those that existed in 1900 .
However , the accuracy of this figure has not been established due to an absence of reliable data ( C20.3.1 ) .
Massive changes have been made in water regimes .
In Asia , 78 % of the total reservoir volume was constructed in the last decade , and in South America almost 60 % of all reservoirs were built since the 1980s ( C20.4.2 ) .
Water withdrawals from rivers and lakes for irrigation or urban or industrial use increased sixfold since 1900 ( C7.2.2 ) .
Globally , humans now use roughly 10 % of the available renewable freshwater supply , although in some regions , such as the Middle East and North Africa , humans use 120 % of renewable supplies — the excess is obtained through mining groundwater ( C7.2.3 ) .
The introduction of non-native invasive species is now a major cause of species extinction in freshwater systems .
It is well established that the increased discharge of nutrients causes intensive eutrophication and potentially high levels of nitrate in drinking water and that pollution from point sources such as mining has had devastating impacts on the biota of inland waters ( C20.4 ) .
A Border Police officer was lightly wounded during clashes in the West Bank settlement of Beit El , as security forces attempted to demolish an illegal structure there .
Open gallery view A protester being detained by police officers after settlers blocked security forces ' exit from the West Bank settlement of Beit El on June 8 , 2010 Credit : Reuters
This was the first clash in nearly a month .
Two settler youths were arrested following the incident , on suspicion of hurling rocks at the special police unit .
The forces were on sire to enforce demolition of a cabin and the foundations of another structure laid following declaration of the settlement freeze last December , The Border Police officer was hurt when a settler hurled a rock his way .
Amid the demolition , some 100 teenagers and residents arrived in effort to block the officers ' exit from the settlement .
After lengthy negotiations , Beit El 's chief rabbi agreed to convince the teenagers to loosen their grip and let the security forces leave .
But the teenagers refused to heed the rabbi's instructions and instead began hurling stones at the security forces .
The forces in turn began spraying the teenagers with tear gas .
" Netanyahu will forever be remembered as the one who desecrated the memory of [ former chief rabbi Mordechai ]
Eliahu for having cast out an arm on the day of his funeral to continue to destroy the Land of Israel , " National Union MK Ya'akov Katz , a resident of Beit El .
144 achievements added
New lifetime player stats and summary screens
New match player stats and summary screens
New end of round display with MVP and interesting fact about a player
Updated scoreboard with new icons , visual style , MVP stars , and avatar pictures
New cinematic death camera
New domination and revenge system
Added avatar icons to voice chat , scoreboard , and end of round display
Incorporated many source engine updates
Disallowed the use of arbitrary command strings for the message of the day screen .
Now only a specific list of commands is allowed .
Addressed issue in which AWPs and Scouts sometimes did not make the zooming sound .
cvar mat_showlowresimage is now a cheat command .
Many development console commands which would crash the server removed .
Updated source engine addresses many issues :
Better flashlight effect
Better HDR behavior
Multicore rendering support
Added sv_disablefreezecam cvar to turn off the freezecam on a server .
Added sv_nonemesis cvar to turn off domination / revenge on a server .
Added sv_nomvp cvar to turn off MVP stars on a server .
Added sv_nostats cvar to turn off stats on a server .
Removed - tickrate command line option and defaulted tick rate to 66 rather than 33 .
This addressed a number of issues , including :
Tick rate affecting how fast doors open / close
Tick rate causing players hitting the ground to stutter
Tick rate affecting the firing mechanisms of certain guns
Added the following cvars to allow players to customize their scoreboards .
cl_scoreboard_ct_color_red
cl_scoreboard_ct_color_green
cl_scoreboard_ct_color_blue
cl_scoreboard_t_color_red
cl_scoreboard_t_color_green
cl_scoreboard_t_color_blue
cl_scoreboard_dead_color_red
cl_scoreboard_dead_color_green
cl_scoreboard_dead_color_blue
Changed the screen that appears when the message of the day fails to load to display proper error text .
Made the CT silhouette for the auto - select option in the Choose a Class screen smaller and corrected its aspect ratio .
Addressed a problem that occasionally caused characters to be colored incorrectly on the Change a Class screen .
Made ladders easier to climb .
Added cvars sv_ladder_dampen and sv_ladder_angle .
Fixed issue that awarded three points when the bomb explodes after the round ends by elimination criteria instead .
Fixed issue in which you were n’t given credit for grenade damage if you fired a weapon at someone then hit them with a grenade ( in that order ) .
Also fixed problem in which grenading a player and then killing them with another weapon showed as ‘*** in 1 ’ on console .
There ’s now a priority order for displaying win conditions when multiple win conditions are set .
If timelimit exists and is not 0 , then show timelimit .
If timelimit does not exist , show maxrounds if not 0 .
If both timelimit and maxrounds are 0 , show winlimit .
If timelimit , maxrounds , and winlimit are all 0 , show nothing .
Added a cvar to ignore win conditions : mp_ignore_round_win_conditions .
Updates to Counter - Strike : Source have been released and the game is now available on the Mac .
To celebrate this update , Counter - Strike : Source will be on sale for 66 % off until Friday .
For more information , click here
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Despite the well - known enmity between gnomes and kobolds — AKA scaly halflings — the Stew hearts Kobold Quarterly .
Why ?
Because it rocks .
KQ is the brainchild of Wolfgang Baur , one of the most famous game designers around , and among the many other irons he has in the fire he publishes the Kobold Guide to Game Design series .
Volume III came out in print last Friday , and Wolfgang asked if I ’d like to write a GMing article about this volume , which is subtitled “ Tools & Techniques . ”
There ’s a lot of crossover between GMing and game design , and , expecting great things from the KGGD3 , I was happy to take him up on it .
He sent me the PDF , and I tucked into it .
If you ’re interested in game design , whether as a dabbler , a Forge - style indie designer , someone trying to break into the mainstream RPG industry , or for other reasons , you ’ll enjoy this book .
It ’s a good book — and on top of that , it ’s also a good book for a reason entirely unrelated to its title or primary focus :
It ’s got a lot to say about good GMing .
So Game Design = GMing ?
Well , no — but they do have a lot in common .
GMing nearly always involves an element of game design , whether it ’s creating or vetting house rules , coming up with new mechanics , creating an adventure , or building up the storyline behind your campaign .
And game design , with its combination of art , craft , and science — the exact three terms I usually use to describe GMing — is a discipline that bears a lot of resemblance to game mastering .
So although writing an article about a game design book from the perspective of applying it to GMing is bending things a bit , it ’s the same kind of bending things that GMs do every single day during prep and at the gaming table .
Design Is …
Right up front , Wolfgang spells out what game design is , and it ’s hard not to read this list and also think about GMing .
Here are some highlights that apply equally well to game design and GMing :
art
geography and history
the building of a field of play
a fusion of exploratory play and mastery over time
the study of player psychology and the conscious manipulation of behavior
A bit later on , Wolfgang says : “ Go big if you can . ”
This is another design / GMing parallel :
When it comes to GMing , going big and just seeing how things turn out is almost always the right thing to do .
Similarly , there ’s a solid section entitled Heightened Play Experience that discusses ways to punch up the gaming experience through design , but reading this as a GM , I found myself nodding .
Wolfgang highlights conciseness ( saying a lot with a little , often by showing ) , escalation ( making things that matter tie to other things that matter ) , and saturation ( pulling out the stops and avoiding subtlety ) as key ingredients of good game design , and I ’d say those are three great guidelines for writing an adventure or running an improvised session , too .
So : I think this is also a GMing book , and an excellent read from that perspective .
Great GMing Advice
Every essay in KGGD3 is n’t directly applicable to GMing , of course .
Some , like Colin “ Planescape : Torment ” McComb ’s piece entitled “ Designing RPGs : Computer and Tabletop , ” are interesting reads without being easy to port over and apply to GMing .
( Which makes sense , since despite how applicable a lot of KGGD3 is to GMing , it ’s not technically a GMing book ! )
So which ones stand out from a GMing perspective ?
Here ’s some of what jumped out at me ( apart from the opening essay , “ What is Design ? ” ) :
The Process of Creative Thought :
Thinking about how to think , at least when it comes to a craft like GMing in which being reflective features heavily , is surprisingly productive .
Considering the origins of creative ideas ( the topic of this essay ) is one good way to do that .
: Thinking about how to think , at least when it comes to a craft like GMing in which being reflective features heavily , is surprisingly productive .
Considering the origins of creative ideas ( the topic of this essay ) is one good way to do that .
Creative Mania & Design Despair : Another one from Wolfgang , this essay looks at how the design process changes over time .
What stood out for me was the piece on adapting to new demands :
When your exquisitely crafted campaign actually hits the table , meets your players , and becomes something you were n’t expecting .
This is awesome , but can also be tough to deal with .
: Another one from Wolfgang , this essay looks at how the design process changes over time .
What stood out for me was the piece on adapting to new demands :
When your exquisitely crafted campaign actually hits the table , meets your players , and becomes something you were n’t expecting .
This is awesome , but can also be tough to deal with .
Seize the Hook : Rob Heinsoo lays out how he designs games , and again there ’s a great snippet here for GMs : matching the mechanics to the experience .
Considering the ways in which game mechanics dovetail with the things I enjoy about GMing has made me a better GM , and discovering the mismatches — for me , those games where the mechanics do n’t dovetail with roleplaying at all — has helped me become better at choosing which games to play and run .
: Rob Heinsoo lays out how he designs games , and again there ’s a great snippet here for GMs : matching the mechanics to the experience .
Considering the ways in which game mechanics dovetail with the things I enjoy about GMing has made me a better GM , and discovering the mismatches — for me , those games where the mechanics do n’t dovetail with roleplaying at all — has helped me become better at choosing which games to play and run .
Crafting a Dastardly Plot : 1 . Ed Greenwood .
2 . Seriously , you can tell from the title that this applies perfectly to GMing .
3 . Ed Greenwood .
From a GMing standpoint , this seven - page essay alone is worth the price of admission .
: 1 . Ed Greenwood .
2 . Seriously , you can tell from the title that this applies perfectly to GMing .
3 . Ed Greenwood .
From a GMing standpoint , this seven - page essay alone is worth the price of admission .
Location as a Fulcrum for Superior Design : Wolfgang looks at how important location is to adventure design , something I ’m often bad at when it comes to designing my own adventures .
: Wolfgang looks at how important location is to adventure design , something I ’m often bad at when it comes to designing my own adventures .
Myths & Realities of Game Balance : Monte Cook on social contracts , roughly : Everyone is responsible for everyone ’s fun , and the GM should deliver a fun , balanced play experience .
This was my first look at the KGGD series , and it made me want to go back and check out the first two volumes .
If you dig game design , adventure design , productive self - reflection , or learning about non-GMing topics to make yourself a better GM , I highly recommend this book .
It ’s only 96 pages , but man does it pack a lot into those pages .
You can find the print and PDF editions of the Kobold Guide to Game Design , Volume III in the Kobold Quarterly store .
In a bit of news from the " go - figure " department , Gizmodo is reporting that Apple has refused to answer its request to attend the company 's big Worldwide Developers Conference keynote this Monday .
In a bit of news from the " go - figure " department , Gizmodo is reporting that Apple has refused to answer its request to attend the company 's big Worldwide Developers Conference keynote this Monday .
The apparent snub has left the tech blog in a bit of a predicament according to Editorial Director Brian Lam , Gizmodo is going to use the liveblogging of a number of other sources to construct its own , well , liveblog , of the WWDC keynote instead of its planned , " we 're actually there " coverage .
This comes a few days after San Mateo County authorities announced that a " special master " had been appointed to assist in the search of Gizmodo editor Jason Chen 's belongings : goods seized as part of a police investigation into the disappearance ( and Gizmodo acquisition ) of one of Apple 's prototype iPhones .
It 's the very device that 's rumored to be announced at the Monday keynote .
The special master a third party that 's been appointed by the court to ensure that its instructions are carried out  will be working with San Mateo County authorities to ascertain what information about the prototype can be pulled from Chen 's seized belongings .
The purpose behind the introduction of a special master is to ensure that only information related to the case is noted down :
It 's based on an agreement between the district attorney 's office and Chen 's attorney , Thomas Nolan , regarding the potential legal ramifications of California 's shield laws for reporters .
But that 's not the only dispute that still surrounds the missing prototype story .
According to Apple CEO Steve Jobs , in an interview at the D8 conference earlier this week , there 's still a question as to whether said prototype was actually lost in a Redwood City baras the story has panned out thus faror whether it was stolen out of software engineer Gray Powell 's bag .
" When this whole thing with Gizmodo happened , I got a lot of advice from people that said you 've got to just let it slide .
You should n't go after a journalist because they bought stolen property and tried to extort you , " Jobs said .
" And I thought deeply about this , and I concluded the worst thing that could happen is if we change our core values and let it slide .
I can't do that .
I 'd rather quit . "
This is n't the first time Gizmodo has found itself short of a party invitation based on the actions of its editors or staffers .
In 2008 , the Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA ) banned Gizmodo TV blogger Richard Blakeley from its Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) for life .
The hammer came down as a result of a CES video Blakeley shot , featuring the blogger walking through the CES floor using a TV - B - Gone kind of device to shut off television displays throughout the convention .
For Britain 's bird watchers , the final hours of the Lady of the Loch have become a real life drama which has eclipsed the most highly charged episode of EastEnders .
For the last 72 hours , tens of thousands of bird watchers from across the UK and another 26 countries around the world have been watching what may well be the final moments of one of the world 's oldest ospreys , living her last hours on a her eyrie in a Highlands nature reserve .
The Lady of the Loch has already broken a series of records for longevity and breeding success , but after it emerged over the weekend that she had stopped feeding and drinking , bringing her to the brink of a natural death , the news surged around the world .
Since then there have been well over 230,000 visits to watch live footage from a Scottish Wildlife Trust webcam trained on Lady 's nest , from bird watchers in Oman , Australia , the US , Finland , Japan , Peru and 20 other countries .
Tens of thousands of people have followed the trust 's blog as she started to show clear signs of dehydration and advanced age .
She has seemed confused , listless and in discomfort ; appearing unsure how to feed her latest two chicks , both still entirely dependent on Lady and her current , 10 - year - old mate .
With fears growing that she might die last night she appeared to rally .
Her survival instincts kicked in .
She swooped down to the lochside to drink – her first liquid in four days – and this morning , fed for the first time since last week on a pike brought to the nest by her mate .
Peter Ferns , the SWT 's visitor centre manager at Loch of Lowes , in Dunkeld , Perthshire , said : " It 's been a fair old roller coaster of emotions over the weekend , but seeing her flying yesterday was just amazing to watch .
I was actually quite gobsmacked because if you saw her on Saturday or even Sunday , you would 've thought that would be one dead bird . "
Lady has been nesting at the site for the past 20 years and , thanks to the internet and wildlife blogs , is already a celebrity .
Her return to Loch of Lowes in March , for her 20th year , was remarkable .
She is now 25 and has produced 48 fledglings ; a British record on both counts .
She has lived three times longer than most ospreys and mothered far more young .
The oldest recorded wild osprey in Europe lived for 32 years , but that is extremely rare .
Ferns has been watching Lady for 17 years , and says that the past 72 hours have been a painful experience .
Her brief and unexpected rally on Monday suggests she may yet live for a few months , but there are strong doubts about her chances .
" When something like this happens to any osprey that old , it 's going to have a long - term effect on her , " he said .
" I can see other problems coming , even if she does survive this .
" She has been acting at sometimes like she 's a brand - new mother ; looking confused and wondering what she 's going to do with that fish that 's landed in the nest , but suddenly her instincts kicked in and she 's doing what 's meant to do , drink and feed .
But she 's still unsteady , closing her eyes and still looking very weak , probably from dehydration . "
A stunning collection of crystal chandeliers which are ceiling hung in a range of sizes .
These distinctive ceiling chandeliers are ideal for all sizes of properties and budgets from small houses to grand palaces .
These decorative ceiling lighting products are of many types from crystal ceiling chandeliers through to some very contemporary designer lighting .
The ceiling crystal chandeliers are predominately from Bohemia and are dressed with leaded crystal trimmings with the most exclusive ranges having Swarovski crystals .
However the range is not limited to this as there are many modern crystal ceiling chandeliers with typically chrome and silver finishes and fine clean design lines .
The traditional ceiling chandeliers are just perfect for Victorian properties or new build which have been created with traditional design features but for very modern style properties then the designer lighting range should be reviewed .
For other areas within properties like bathrooms and stairwells then very distinct crystal products are needed .
Within the bathroom crystal chandeliers category we have a range of IP rated waterproof ceiling lights which are suited to various zones within those spaces .
Stairwells have other special characteristics because they need a long drop and to view from all sides not just below like ceiling mounted pendants .
The stairwell ceiling chandeliers are available in sparkling crystal or a range of contemporary models .
With rumors and speculation surrounding “ digital rights management ” systems , commonly referred to as DRM systems , mounting in the past few weeks , developer CD Projekt RED has made its internal DRM policy public .
The developer currently working on The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings emphasised that a final form of DRM management for the upcoming Action RPG has not yet been decided upon , but that it would adhere to the basic set of principles that is included after the jump .
The principles emphasize that DRM measures may not limit the experience of users who acquired a legitimate copy of the game .
As such , common measures such as a limit on the number of installations that can be performed with a single CD - key or the requirement that players remain connected to the internet while playing are ruled out .
Adam Kiciński , CEO of developer CD Projekt RED , stated that there currently exists a paradox where the life of individuals who acquire a legitimate copy of a game is made difficult by DRM measures , while those who pirate a game often to not have to deal with such problems .
Marcin Iwiński , CEO of the Polish publisher CD Projekt , indicates that many other organizations solely focus on combating piracy , rather than seeking ways to encourage consumers to buy legitimate versions and adds that “ this [ focus ] is also a good way to forget one of the keys to this business : taking good care of your customers . ”
The basic principles on which CD Projekt RED will base the DRM policy for The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings can be found after the jump .
The game is expected to be released in Q1 2011 and will be available exclusively for the PC .
Image caption Campaigners want the legal limbo of young immigrants resolved
Meet Generation 1.5 .
They were brought to the US at a young age by the parents , first generation immigrants who often still have close ties to their home countries .
Younger brothers and sisters were born in America , second generation immigrants who enjoy the status of US citizens .
Not Generation 1.5 .
Despite having lived most of their lives in the US and speaking fluent English , many cannot legally work , vote or drive in most US states .
They are subject to arrest and deportation just like any other undocumented migrant .
" They fear being deported but many of them do n't know ( anything ) other than English , so they have no idea what awaits ( them ) in their countries of origin , said Ruben Rumbaut of the University of California in Irvine , who coined the Generation 1.5 term .
There are no official figures of how many undocumented children live in the US , but the Pew Hispanic Center estimates that 7 % of all Hispanic children are unauthorised immigrants .
This suggest there are 1.1 million Latino children who are not US citizens .
STATES WITH IN - STATE TUITION Texas
California
Utah
New York
Washington
Oklahoma
Illinois
Kansas
New Mexico
Nebraska
Wisconsin
Children can attend primary and secondary school without being asked about their immigration status , but getting through higher education can be more difficult .
It is estimated that approximately 65,000 undocumented students - both Hispanic and non-Hispanic - graduate each year from high school .
In all but 11 states , they cannot qualify for in - state college fees or student loans , meaning they have to pay the higher rates demanded of international students .
American dream
Life after university can also be complicated , as finding a legal job may be difficult .
" I held the very American view that if you work hard for your dreams you can achieve them , " said Gabriel , 28 , an undocumented student who lives in California .
" The only way is through marriage , which is frustrating for someone who was taught to be successful using their own ways , " he said .
Gabriel is a trained industrial engineer but can only find jobs in minimum wage jobs like fast food or construction .
Even if a company sponsors him in order to get a green card , he will have to wait at least eight years because he does not have the right papers .
" It makes no sense .
The government has invested in my education for 12 years , so why would they want me to leave now ? " he said .
In the current economic climate , the half - million amnestied illegal young adults would compete for scarce jobs .
Roy Beck , Numbers USA
The threat of deportation also looms .
Andrea Huerfano moved with her family to the US when she was 14 .
Her father applied for political asylum but died while the application was under review .
This meant Andrea was left without immigration status ; as she was over 18 her mother could not apply on her behalf .
She was arrested last year when she went to pay a ticket after passing a red light .
After pressure from campaign groups , she was released 10 days later and given six months to assemble her case to be allowed to stay .
If she can't prove her case , she will be put back in detention .
New country
Walter Lara lived through a similar situation .
He was detained last year when he was trying to board a ferry to Fisher Island in Miami as the immigration authorities could n't find his name on a database .
He was taken to the Broward Transition Center in Pompano Beach .
" Once inside , I did n't know what to expect or when I was going to get out .
They had to explain what this place was .
I saw lots of people there , the uniform was orange , " he said .
He got out 20 days later after signing a paper in which he agreed to voluntarily leave the country by July 2010 .
After campaigning and visiting many senators in Washington , he has now been granted permission to stay for one year .
Walter says that going to Argentina , the country where he was born , would be like going to a whole new country .
" I came here when I was three and never went back .
My whole life pretty much has been in Miami .
I do n't have any memories of that place other than the stuff that my family talked about and showed me in books . "
Legal debate
Both Andrea and Walter were granted temporary permission to stay after very active and visible campaigns on their behalf by fellow immigrant students .
Image caption Approximately 65,000 undocumented students graduate each year
But they are hoping that the Congress pass a bill known by the supporters as the " Dream Act " .
Under this , people who arrived in the US when they were under 15 and who have lived in the country for more than five years would be granted a six - year temporary residence permit .
After that , they can only apply for permanent residency if they have spent at least two years in higher education or served in the US military for two years .
They would not be eligible for federal funding or benefits and have to show they are of what is termed " good moral character " .
Different versions of this act have been introduced three times in Congress but to date not advanced .
Opponents of the bill argue that it promotes illegal immigration and it might affect the labour market .
" In the current economic climate , the half - million amnestied illegal young adults would compete for scarce jobs , " said Roy Beck , executive director of the Numbers USA organisation which favours reduced immigration .
Mark Krikorian , executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which also calls for tighter controls on immigration , says he is in favour of addressing the plight of these students who grew up in the US .
Image caption Campaigners want Generation 1.5 to also find a path to citizenship
But he believes the Dream Act should include the mandatory checking of workers ' legal status " because this is why families are able to come here and bring their children .
" And it should n't reward the parents who put them in this situation by granting them immigration rights " .
Barack Obama supported the Dream
Act while he was campaigning for president .
He said that he did n't want " two classes of citizens " in the country and that he wanted " everybody to prosper . "
But few think he will be able to address the subject of immigration soon .
" I would be surprised if he 's able to pull out immigration reform after the enormous political capital he spent on the healthcare reform " , said Gregory Rodriguez , a Los Angeles Times columnist .
Meanwhile , the people who are campaigning for the act to be introduced are adopting more visible ways of protest .
In May , three undocumented students were arrested and detained for staging a sit-in at the Arizona senator John McCain 's office in Tucson .
They are now facing deportation .
Image caption
The US military report follows a six - month investigation
Investigators say the US military has been giving tens of millions of dollars to Afghan security firms who are channelling the money to warlords .
Trucks carrying supplies to US troops allegedly pay the firms to ensure their safe passage in dangerous areas of Afghanistan .
The convoys are attacked if payments are not made , according to allegations in a US military document .
The congressional report follows a six - month investigation .
The document states that trucks carrying food , water , fuel , and ammunition may be supplying up to $ 4 million ( £ 2.7 m ) per week to the firms .
A US congressional committee is expected to hear the evidence on the investigation from senior officials at the US Department of Defense later on Tuesday .
' Vast protection racket '
The congressional subcommittee that carried out the investigation says that bribes are paid to the Taliban and virtually every governor , police chief and local military commander whose territory the convoys pass through .
One of the security companies in question is alleged to be owned by two cousins of the Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
The report released late on Monday says the security agreements violate laws on the use of private contractors , as well as US Department of Defense regulations .
The report states that " although the warlords do provide guards and coordinate security , the contractors have little choice but to use them in what amounts to a vast protection racket " .
The document states that security companies hired under the Afghan Host Nation Trucking are the ones funneling the money .
Watan Risk management is one of the largest security providers in Afghanistan and one of the companies currently under investigation .
The military report states that representatives of the company allegedly negotiate or dictate the price of safe passage in a given area .
The company then issues warnings to trucking companies who are late in paying or refuse to pay the sum .
A spokesman for the Army Criminal Investigation Command at Fort Belvoir , Virginia , confirmed to the AP news agency that the inquiry is taking place .
The report comes as the number of US casualties is rising in Afghanistan , and suggests not only that money from the US tax payer is being used to finance the enemy , but also to undermine international efforts towards stability in the country .
A couple of weeks ago , I headed to Paddington and jumped on a train along with a notably large group of geeks .
An hour later , we got off at Culham , a leafy little Oxfordshire town which happens to also be home to Europe ’s largest fusion reactor .
It was one of the Culham Centre for Fusion Energy ’s free public open evenings , and they proceeded to take us on an excellent tour of the facilities .
As well as being home to the European - run JET , Culham has the smaller UK - run MAST experiment , and we saw both .
Photography was encouraged .
I ’m a sucker for big infrastructure , and JET did not disappoint .
Both reactors at Culham are currently shut down for upgrades and , in a move which would have given most health and safety officers an aneurism , the public tours were allowed right into the reactor halls .
This is especially impressive for JET , which is currently being fitted with new tiles made of pure Beryllium — a particularly toxic metal .
The sheer scale of JET was impressive , and unfortunately I could n’t adequately capture it due to my lack of a wide - angle lens .
JET requires nearly 1GW of power input when running ( half the peak output of nearby Didcot power station , stored by two massive flywheels ) to produce an output of ~ 15MW .
The tours were n’t dumbed down — I got the feeling that anyone with less than an A - level understanding of physics might have been slightly out of their depth .
We learned quite a bit about the intricacies of how the reactors were run .
I was seriously impressed by how open and comprehensive the tour was .
A lot of other places could learn from how to make uninvolved but curious members of the public happy .
More photos at Flickr .
WELCOME TO
REAL -TIME LEASING
Find out why we are your choice for Minneapolis Property Management
At Real - Time Leasing , we actively manage the tenant and the day - to - day details of your property according to the terms of the lease agreement .
Be it rent collection , unforeseen maintenance issues , tenant violations or disputes , or city requirements , our role as property manager is to oversee all issues and aspects of your Minnesota property .
There are two sensible answers to the Euro crisis .
Greece could leave the Euro , devalue its currency , and come to an accommodation with the markets over what it needs to do to enable it to borrow again .
That would be the best answer for the Euro , and would enable Greece to take part of the cuts in its living standards through devaluation , as the UK is under its own version of an unsuccessful economic policy based on too much state borrowing .
Alternatively , Greece could cut its public spending more substantially , until the markets believe it can then afford the debt it needs and already has .
Instead , the governments debate two dangerous answers .
They take seriously the idea that Greece should fail to make payments on its debt – a form of government theft from the savers who have in the past supported Greece and believed its promises .
They discuss lending Greece more money on easy terms , based on the absurd idea that the way to sober a drunkard is to give them another drink .
I find it suprising that so many governments , Euro commentators and so called experts expected the Euro scheme to work when they put several economies into it that had not come into line with the performance and costs of the core countries .
I and a few others warned strongly about the dangers of the debt and the starting exchange rates when we made the case against the UK establishment , arguing that the UK should never enter such a scheme .
In “ Just say No : 100 arguments against the Euro ” I pointed out the destabilising effects of the countries having different levels of debt and different levels of new borrowing .
I said “ Controlling budget deficits is central to this task ” of creating a decent currency .
It was quite obvious that for the scheme to work member states had to surrender domestic budgetary control to the EU , to avoid free riding on average interest rates or to avoid Greek style disasters .
Indeed , in the founding paperwork of the Euro it was spelt out that member states had to keep their stock of debt to 60 % of GDP and their extra borrowing each year to no more than 3 % .
The decision to allow relaxation of these necessary rules has led directly to the Greek crisis .
It was also clear that a country had to bring its private sector costs into line with the zone as a whole as well as control its state deficit .
“ If you cannot devalue your currency when your costs are too high , you have to sack people and close factories ” – exactly what has happened to the olive belt economies .
It does no - one any favours to imply there is a quick fix , or to suggest lending Greece billions this year will solve the problem .
The underlying problem is fundamental .
The Euro can only work and be a decent currency if there is in effect one state budget for the Euro area .
Germany needs to reinforce the rules over how individual members do borrow , not grant an easy loan and watch as Greece still fails to sort out her borrowing habit .
Promoted by Christine Hill on behalf of John Redwood , both of 30 Rose Street Wokingham RG40 1XU
Nearly 4 million Pakistanis live under Taliban rule in the north - western tribal belt , where they suffer human rights abuses from both militants and the army , Amnesty International said today .
As if Hell Fell on Me , a report based on interviews with nearly 300 people , says millions live in a " human rights free zone " where militants torture and kill women , aid workers and men without beards .
Soldiers have also committed serious violations , including indiscriminate artillery fire and extrajudicial executions , as the army swept across the tribal belt over the past year , it said .
" The Taliban have been able to assert their ideology through a combination of violence and fear , " said Sam Zarifi , one of the authors .
" Meanwhile the army seems focused on killing the enemy and not on protecting its own citizens . "
At least 1,300 civilians died during conflict in 2009 in north - western Pakistan , an area that spans the seven agencies of the tribal belt and Khyber Pakhtunkwa province , formerly known as North - West Frontier province .
In total , 8,500 people , including soldiers and militants , were killed – a level of bloodshed comparable with Afghanistan .
Another 1 million people have been displaced by the conflict .
Scattered across towns and camps , their plight was being " largely ignored " , Amnesty said .
The report comes days after the Taliban executed a man on a football pitch in North Waziristan , the main hub of militant activity in the tribal belt .
The man had been sentenced to death for killing his two brothers in an argument .
The public show of justice was a reminder of Taliban authority in an area dominated by the al - Qaida linked warlord Jalaluddin Haqqani , and where government soldiers are largely confined to their bases .
The US wants Pakistan to extend its its anti-militant offensive to North Waziristan .
The government and its western allies must urgently devise a co-ordinated strategy that includes development and political reform , he said .
" They have to put something in place that signals to the people that they have n't been abandoned , " he said .
The tribal areas have the worst social indicators of any region in Pakistan – just 3 % of women are educated , by some estimates – while the area is still ruled using a draconian , colonial - era law known as the frontier crimes regulations ( FCR ) .
The turmoil presents a rare opportunity to reform or abolish the century - old FCR , Zarifi said , partly because many of the pro-government elders who underpin the system have been killed or forced to flee .
" We need to get away from the idea that this is a crazy area with a litany of horrors , and that we need to wash our hands of it .
This is the moment to act . "
The report is also critical of the government 's reliance on tribal militias in the Swat valley , where the army cleared the Taliban last year .
The militias have little accountability and engage in extrajudicial killings , sometimes to settle old scores , it said .
Visiting Peshawar today , the British development secretary , Andrew Mitchell , announced an £ 8 m education programme for the north - west region .
He said Pakistan was facing an " education emergency " , where two - thirds of women were illiterate .
Under the scheme , 300,000 schoolgirls will be paid an allowance to attend school , and more than 3 million children will receive free textbooks .
Regulators closed Peninsula Bank of Englewood , Fla. , First National Bank of Savannah , Ga. , and High Desert State Bank of Albuquerque , N.M , bringing the total number of bank failures this year to 86 .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , as receiver for the three banks , entered into purchase and assumption agreements with Premier American Bank of Miami for Peninsula Bank and Savannah Bank for First National Bank .
First American Bank of Artesia , N.M. , bought High Desert State Bank .
Florida ...
@FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER MEMPHIS ( AP ) 
A women 's softball coach in Memphis said her team was banned from a church league after learning she was gay .
Jana Jacobson told The Commercial Appeal officials at Bellevue Baptist Church told her she had a " deviant " lifestyle and her team would not be allowed to compete .
Jacobson said her team is made up of straight and gay players .
They were looking for more games to play when they discovered the Cordova church had a league .
Jacobson said she registered , paid the entry fee and attended an organizational meeting .
Later , a church official called her seeking another meeting .
At that one , officials began questioning whether she was gay .
When she said she was , they told her the team could not play .
Bellevue spokesman Jim Barnwell said the church had no comment on the incident .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Description provided by the Developer
This app ( yes , app , not game ) allows you to simulate the cheesy " one liner " moments at the beginning of CSI : Miami .
Is it pointless ?
Probably .
Do I care ?
Nope . :)
* Sunglasses not included
Description from the Market
** Widgets are now separate from the main app !
Search for " DSI : Miami Widget " to get them .**
This app ( NOT GAME ) allows you to simulate those ridiculous one liner moments at the beginning of CSI : Miami .
Pointless ?
Probably .
Do I care ?
Nope . :)
* Sunglasses not included
** Main quotes are directly from the show
*** Online quotes are created by all of you .
If they are offensive , it 's not really my fault now is it ? :)
Permissions Explanation :
- Full Internet Access - Needed to download online quotes .
- Read Phone State and Identity - Phone ID is used to prevent duplicate votes and quote spamming .
i Phone related for DSI : Miami
DSI : Miami was developed for Android by mavispuford
Package name : com.mavispuford.dsimiami
System permissions : 2
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : System permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for DSI : Miami
Discussion(s ) about DSI : Miami in our forum
Comments and Ratings for DSI : Miami
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Freedom of speech can be a very good thing and I will be one of the first to defend it to the death , or at least send it a card when it is diagnosed with lupus .
The very fact free expression is encouraged in this country means not only that the inestimable Julian Morrow is invited to lecture Australia 's media after once being described as ' tasteless and completely inappropriate ' , but also I am able to pen a wildly opinionated variety of paragraphs each week and pass it off as highbrow for the sole reason that it is connected to the ABC and Jonathan Holmes is a colleague .
There is , of course , a limit to exactly how far free speech can go - particularly when the concept itself is not yet legally enforceable by the Australian courts - so as a nation we are wholly diligent about letting people know when we think they 've taken a step in the wrong direction .
We do this through a variety of methods , such as writing to editors / management , publicly demanding resignation / suspension , and / or lunging at the culprits in public with sharpened knives and blood - curdling screams .
Are we really that morally proficient , however , at fitting the correct punishment to its relevant crime ?
You might remember a ' free speech ' - related incident earlier this year when Age columnist Catherine Deveny 's corpse was set alight and floated down the Yarra , intermittently pissed on from a great height ( Southgate Footbridge , Hoddle street overpass etc. ) by talkback radio hosts and a crowd of bloodthirsty onlookers *.
Sure , it was a cheery party and everybody went home with a piece of cake and a sense of warm self - righteousness , but was the reaction truly deserved ?
Senator Steve Fielding jumped on board the free speech train when last week he gamely suggested that women of a certain value system ( he used the terms ' drug addicts and welfare cheats ' , though I think we all know he meant ' scum of the earth low - income types who like pushing prams around shopping malls and making nice middle - class men like me feel uncomfortable ' ) would very likely make it their life 's work to mock the paid parental leave scheme through wilfully getting pregnant and enjoying a cheeky abortion or 12 , the scamps .
To be honest , I find pretty much every idiotic bon mot that ejaculates from Steve Fielding 's mouth more deeply offensive than anything Catherine Deveny has said ever , though last I checked he had n't been fired or hounded by Today Tonight reporters or sworn at by Shane Warne .
He has been reprimanded by Barnaby Joyce for ' going too far ' , which is essentially the moral equivalent of being kicked out of an orgy by the Marquis de Sade for spunking on the cat .
Fielding of course has defended his inane , small - minded rantings - ' All I was trying to do was to close that loophole and I think that 's more than fair and reasonable ' - and outside of a few annoyed columnists politely suggesting that he probably should have kept his thoughts to himself , he 's free to go about his business of saving souls and making Tony Abbott look comparatively sane .
If I was n't such a kindly and beatific type I 'd suggest Fielding ram a rusty nail up his sanctimonious butthole and rotate , though obviously that sort of crass talk is n't going to help anyone .
Fielding has control of the talking stick and is allowed to speak his mind without fear of reprisal , apparently .
Remind me again when we 're supposed to light our torches ?
In the past week we 've also seen Andrew Johns refer to Queensland centre Greg Inglis as a ' black c**t ' , Mal Brown suggest that Indigenous Australians are ' cannibals ' , and Dimmey 's and Forges whipping boy Robert ' Dipper ' DiPierdomenico helpfully describe Brownlow medallist Gavin Wanganeen as ' not too bad for an Abo ' .
Outside of Johns , who has lost two coaching positions and his weekly newspaper column ( yet has been kept in employment by the clearly very supportive Channel 9 and Triple M ) , the fallout has been relatively minimal .
Dipper has been suspended ' indefinitely ' as an ambassador for the AFL's Auskick program , though I 'll bet good money he 'll be quietly welcomed back within a matter of months .
An unrepentant Brown - who further helped his cause by insisting ' I most probably said that sort of comment 5,000 times in the last five years ' - has not only escaped completely unscathed , but cannily used his time in the public eye to make a political statement , suggesting that he also thinks the country is currently being led by a ' dickhead of a Prime Minister ' .
I 'd like to imagine Brown created the cannibal comment as a clever diversion in order to slip a salient political point under the radar , but you 'd need more than seven brain cells to do that and at last count Mal was punchin ' on four .
We ferociously defend the right of our fellow Australians to ' speak their minds ' , but we also have the power to express strong disapproval or disappointment when said minds are full of poisonous , hateful detritus .
We are far too erratic with this power .
We crucify the satirists and turn a blind eye to the sportsmen and the politicians .
We rap some over the knuckles with wry chuckles , and camp outside the houses of others screaming abuse and threatening to set fire to their dogs .
Our judgement is random .
We love hearing what the outspoken have to say , but until we learn how to react in a vaguely sane fashion we probably do n't deserve free speech .
* It was something like that .
My memory of the time is a little hazy .
Marieke Hardy is a writer and regular panelist on the ABC's First Tuesday Book Club .
Two bits of news , the first of which is that there 's a demo for Green Day : Rock Band available now on the Xbox LIVE Marketplace .
I looked for it on my console and I could n't find it , but you can queue it up online right here .
It features full offline band play ( including harmonies ) and two songs , " Welcome to Paradise " and " Boulevard of Broken Dreams . "
That 's cool and all , but I suppose the bigger news bomb comes when you select " exit " on the game demo .
You get a teaser for Rock Band 3 , which displays all of the series ' iconic instrument logos plus ... a keyboard .
Yeah , you 're seeing that correctly -- it looks like keyboards will be a playable instrument in Rock Band 3 .
How will they work ?
What will the peripheral look like ?
What songs will be playable using this fancy thing with the black and white keys !?
If I knew anything , I would n't be able to tell you anyhow , so I should just shut up and let you guys do all of the speculating .
( Dear lord , Harmonix , please include Harold Faltermeyer 's " Alex F " on the Rock Band 3 disc . )
KEYBOARDS CONFIRMED FOR ROCK BAND 3 !! [ JoeCamNet ]
Oscar the cat can put a collision with a combine harvester behind him as custom - made implants provide new back paws
Oscar may not be better than he was before – not faster , not stronger – but he is , indisputably , more bionic .
The cat , who took a nap in a sunny field unaware of the combine harvester steaming towards his hind paws , is back on his feet thanks to a world - first operation and state - of - the - art bioengineering .
His new kitten heels were designed with custom - made implants , which " peg " the ankle to the foot and mimic the way deer antler bone grows through skin .
Oscar 's transformation , which has left him resembling a feline Ahab , has been described as a case of science copying the natural world .
The young cat 's road to recovery began after his local vet from St Saviour in Jersey referred owners Kate and Mike Nolan to Dr Noel Fitzpatrick , a Surrey - based neuro - orthopaedic surgeon .
" We had to do a lot of soul - searching and our main concern has always been whether this operation would be in Oscar 's best interests and would give him a better quality of life , " said Mrs Nolan .
Once the Nolans understood the treatment and discovered the operation could have an impact on human medicine , surgery was arranged .
In a three - hour procedure , the veterinary surgical team inserted the pegs by drilling into one of Oscar 's ankle bones in each of his back legs .
The implants , which are attached to the bone at the amputation site , were coated with hydroxyapatite to encourages bone cells to grow onto the metal .
The skin then grows over a special " umbrella " at the end of the peg to form a seal against bacteria and potentially fatal infections .
The peg protrudes through the bone and skin , allowing the custom - built artificial paws to then be securely attached .
Oscar was trying to stand a day after the surgery and , despite some problems with infection , he was able to bear weight equally on all four limbs within four months .
Fitzpatrick said the patient had made a remarkable recovery .
" Oscar can now run and jump about as cats do , " he said .
BP Agrees to Put $ 20 Billion in Escrow Account for People Affected by Oil Spill , White House Says Obama met BP execs today at the White House .
June 16 , 2010 -- BP today pledged to put $ 20 billion in an escrow account to compensate people affected by the Gulf coast oil spill , a White House official told ABC News .
The fund will be run by lawyer Kenneth Feinberg , who also oversees salary limits for companies getting federal bailout money .
The announcement came after President Obama met with BP executives today to push them to take responsibility for the financial damage caused by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , attempting to make good on his Tuesday promise to the country that his administration will fight the " epidemic " in the Gulf Coast with " everything we 've got for as long it takes " and make BP " pay for the damage the company has caused . "
The company was represented in the meeting by Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg and Chief Executive Tony Hayward .
Obama was joined by Vice President Joe Biden , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , Energy Secretary Steven Chu and other members of his Cabinet .
On the agenda for today 's meeting was who would oversee the escrow account -- which the president said Tuesday would be managed by a third party -- how much money would be allocated by BP , and whether the company would pay salaries for people affected by the six - month moratorium on oil drilling .
This is the first time the president has met with any BP executives since the spill began on April 20 , after an explosion at the Deepwater Horizon offshore oil rig .
BP did not say what its executives will bring to the table today , except a statement that " we share the president 's goal of shutting off the well as quickly as possible , cleaning up the oil and mitigating the impact on the people and environment of the Gulf Coast .
We look forward to meeting with President Obama tomorrow for a constructive discussion about how best to achieve these mutual goals . "
Obama 's address to the nation Tuesday night , in which he promised a long - term recovery plan for the Gulf coast and to push BP to pay for the damages , was met with a mix of skepticism and optimism in the nation 's hardest hit areas , along with a flurry of criticism from Republicans .
After weeks of confusion and criticism , Obama 's speech Tuesday night -- his first nationally televised address from the Oval Office -- was an attempt to be seen as a commanding commander - in - chief , in a different kind of war .
The president vowed that the war " assaulting our shores and our citizens " would be fought on several fronts -- cleaning up the oil and containing the environmental damage through burning , skimming and barriers , then stopping the gusher under the sea ; pushing BP to take responsibility for the economic losses ; and taking steps to ensure that such a disaster does n't happen again .
The president also pushed for a new emphasis on renewable clean energy , a focus Republicans rejected .
" Fifty days ago , I think it 's a speech that would 've worked .
Last night , it seems as if it just faded into the night , " Ari Fleischer , former press secretary to President George W. Bush , said on " Good Morning America " today .
" He did n't jump on this crisis as soon as it began and he's had a hard time recovering every since .
...
It was n't his fault , he did n't cause it , but as president , you want the president to quickly move to rally .
That 's been lacking . "
Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tennessee , who is spearheading energy legislation efforts for his party , chided the president for pushing an energy bill .
" The president should spend more time focusing on cleaning up and containing the oil spill and less time trying to pass a national energy tax that will drive jobs overseas looking for cheap energy , " Alexander said .
" After that , Congress can enact legislation to help electrify half our cars and trucks , which is the single best way to reduce our dependence on oil . "
But the president 's supporters say his speech was effective in that it sought to reassure the American people that the government has a long term plan for restoring the Gulf Coast .
Former vice president and environmentalist Al Gore also applauded Obama 's call to action on energy legislation .
" The president is right to focus on stopping the spill and working to limit , to the degree possible , its impact on the Gulf ecosystem , " Gore , founder and chairman of environmental group The Alliance for Climate Protection , said in a statement .
" But ultimately the only way to prevent this type of tragedy from happening again is to fundamentally change how we power our economy . "
He reassured people " he had a battle plan , " Donna Brazile , Democratic strategist and ABC News consultant , said on " GMA " today .
" I thought it was a very important speech because we 're at a critical moment , " Brazile said .
" People are now worried about the oil coming ashore , they 're worried about their livelihood , they 're worried about the long - term economic impact , and I think the president today will also add a little bit more ingredients to what I believe he laid out last night , by saying how much money will be put aside " by BP for Gulf coast residents .
The government and independent scientists estimate that between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels of oil a day are still spewing from the well , a number far worse than previously estimated .
BP 's attempts to capture all the oil has so far been unsuccessful despite the use of new equipment and technology .
BP says it will be able to capture up to 25,000 barrels a day by later this week , up from 15,000 barrels per day that 's currently being capped .
On Tuesday , Obama pushed lawmakers to speed up the passage of an energy bill -- although he did not specify what he would want to see in such legislation .
" One of the lessons we 've learned from this spill is that we need better regulations better safety standards , and better enforcement when it comes to offshore drilling , " the president said .
" The tragedy unfolding on our coast is the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now . "
" As we recover from this recession , the transition to clean energy has the potential to grow our economy and create millions of good , middle - class jobs -- but only if we accelerate that transition .
Only if we seize the moment , " he added .
Obama also announced Tuesday that he has nominated Navy Secretary and former Mississippi governor Ray Mabus to head restoration plans .
Gulf Coast Residents React to Obama's Speech
On the Gulf coast , residents keenly watched the president 's address .
Some said watching Obama reassure them from the White House gave them hope and a sense that visiting the region first - hand made a difference for the president .
" I think we 're seeing a change in how he 's handling the situation and I hope for the better , " said one Alabama resident .
Others said the president needs to do more on the ground .
" What I would have liked to have heard from him ?
That he actually had a plan , " said Pensacola , Fla. , resident Shelley Aspery .
" If we 're at war as he says we are , then why are n't we bringing everybody into the picture that offered their help ? " asked Charlie Brown .
Even before the president spoke , frustration had already given way to anger .
" I think it 's lacking , " one New Orleans resident said of the president 's response .
" I do n't think he 's responded to what we 're going to do about the cleanup issues . "
Before the president addressed the nation Tuesday night , most Americans said they were unhappy with the federal government 's response to the oil spill .
In an ABC News / Washington Post poll released last week , 69 percent rated the federal response negatively and 64 percent said the government should pursue criminal charges against BP .
An AP / GfK poll released Tuesday found similar results , with 52 percent saying they do n't approve of Obama 's handling of the spill .
Yet some Gulf coast residents say the responsibility does n't lie solely in the hands of the president .
" I do n't really think that 's totally our president 's job , " said Alan Priest .
" I think it 's our responsibility as citizens to do that if we care about this place . "
ABC News ' Z. Byron
Wolf contributed to this report .
UPDATE : BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg has apologized for referring to the victims of the Gulf oil spill as “ small people . ”
Reuters reports :
“ I spoke clumsily this afternoon and for that I am very sorry , ” Svanberg said in a statement , after remarks he made following a White House meeting with President Barack Obama earlier on Wednesday drew widespread ridicule and condemnation .
“ What I was trying to say — that BP understands how deeply this affects the lives of people who live along the Gulf and depend on it for their livelihood — will best be conveyed not by any words but by the work we do to put things right for the families and businesses who ’ve been hurt , ” Svanberg said .
ADVERTISEMENT
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg said Wednesday the British energy giant cared about the fate of the “ small people ” hit by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , vowing to look after all affected .
Emerging from White House talks with President Barack Obama , Svanberg said the British energy giant had “ always met our obligations and responsibilities . ”
“ We have made clear from the first moment of this tragedy that we will live up to all our legitimate responsibilities , ” Svanberg said , adding all claims for compensation would be met “ swiftly and fairly . ”
“ We will look after the people affected , and we will repair the damage to this region , the environmental damage to this region and to the economy , ” he added .
Obama said he had urged the BP bosses to remember when they were meeting in the boardroom to “ keep in mind those individuals , that they are desperate , may lose business that have been in their families for two or three generations . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Svanberg agreed , saying : “ We care about the small people . ”
“ English is a second language for Svanberg , who is Swedish , but reporters took note of his demeaning phrasing , and shouted questions about what he meant after he spoke , which he did not answer , ” The Huffington Post reported .
However , in Swedish , the words are very similar : “ small ” is translated as “ smÃƒÂ¥ . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a column called “ The ‘ small people ’ ask , ‘ WTF ? ' ” NBC
News notes , “ Reaction has been swift to BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg ’s declaration that BP cares about ‘ the small people . ’
And folks are n’t cutting the Swedish - born executive any slack for trying to speak colloquially in a second language . ”
The Field Notes blog includes a few angry Tweets , including one from NBC News reporter Luke Russert : “ Somebody please make T - shirts that say : ‘ BP : ‘ We care about the small people . ’
Carl - Henric Svanberg 6/16/10 . ’
I ’ll buy the first one . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Huffington Post tweeted , “ thought tony hayward was bad ?
BP : ‘ Small People ’ Matter To Us , Chairman Says ”
Another twitter poster , Joni Thorne , asked , “ And what is this nonsense ‘ SMALL people ’ mattering to # BP .
How condescending is that ? ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast June 16 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
( with additional reporting by RAW STORY )
My santa handmade a shitton of magnets , all with our fellow redditors ' comments in reply to my infamous ' disco ball ' post !
I laughed hysterically when i saw them , as did my mom who was sitting next to me when i opened it - she is the one who asked the question !
Each one is a different person 's comment , although much like the ones that were in my inbox , I doubt I 'll be able to read every single one without taking some time on this .
I also got a bag from Australia !
It was intended just to cushion that package , but I intend to use it to carry around all my stuff from now on !
Thank you Mr_A !
My fridge is going to look amazing .
In an announcement at the International Supercomputing Conference , Intel provided further details on the many - core chip that it hinted at earlier in the month .
The first product based on the new design will be codenamed Knight 's Corner , and will debut at 22nm with around 50 x86 cores on the same die .
Developer kits , which include a prototype of the design called Knight 's Ferry , have been shipping to select partners for a while now , and will ship more broadly in the second half of the year .
When Intel moves to 22nm in 2011 , Knight 's Corner will make its official debut .
Knight 's Corner will be the first product to implement Intel 's Many Integrated Core ( MIC ) architecture , a many - core x86 architecture that draws on ideas from Larrabee , the Terascale program , and the Single - Chip Cloud Computer ( SCCC ) project .
Though there are n't any details of the microarchitecture of the cores in the product , it seems fairly clear that these are basically the same in - order , Pentium - class , vector - heavy cores that Larrabee used .
Anand says he has heard that the vector hardware was left in the cores , which makes sense if they 're aiming it at high - performance computing ( HPC ) .
Then there 's this otherwise very confused PC World article , where the writer obviously heard something about a 512 - bit vector unit .
It makes sense that Intel would leave the vector hardware in the cores , since this product is aimed at HPC .
Because the MIC family is basically a spinoff of Intel 's failed discrete GPU project , most of the commentary on Knight 's Corner focuses on it as a threat to NVIDIA 's Tesla product .
But if I ask myself to think of a large , complex , niche , monster of a floating - point beast that MIC could possibly be a threat to , the answer that pops into my head is n't Tesla , but Itanium .
You 'll recall that Tesla is also a kind of " many - core , " vector - heavy , GPU - derived coprocessor aimed at HPC workloads , so in this sense there 's considerable overlap with MIC .
And the standard thinking , which Intel is happy to promote , goes that MIC is better than Tesla because it 's x86 and Tesla is n't , which means that it will be easier to port code to the new processor .
So if both Tesla and Knight 's Corner are GPU - derived , many - core , floating - point - centric processors with support for plenty of thread - and data - level parallelism , why am I suggesting that the MIC architecture in general is probably a greater danger to Itanium ?
The first part of the answer lies in defining what you mean by " easy to port . "
The hard part about porting from a multicore or single - core architecture to a many - core architecture is not the ISA transition , it 's the fact that you have to redesign most apps from the ground up .
Porting to many - core , whether it 's Tesla or MIC , requires you to start over from scratch in the vast majority of cases .
The end result is that going from x86 to MIC is , for many applications , about the same level of challenge as going from x86 to Tesla , because you have to start over from the application and algorithm design phase .
Note that none of this is to say that Intel MIC and Tesla are the same — they 're different in some very fundamental respects , not the least of which are the facts that the MIC cores are better for general - purpose computing , and that MIC has a real virtual memory implementation .
My only point is that regular x86 , MIC , and Tesla represent three different architectures , and to go from x86 to either MIC or Tesla means that you have to start over .
Some may object to the claim that you absolutely must start over if you go from x86 to MIC , because MIC is a collection of x86 cores , which would seem to imply that you could just run some vanilla x86 code on a MIC machine .
This is true , of course , but why would you ever want to do that ?
Why would you shell out for a giant , 50 - core MIC chip to run some minimally parallel workload on three or four in - order cores , when Intel will sell you a pair of dual - core Atoms for next to nothing ?
You either rearchitect your application to use a very large number of cores , or you stick with the much cheaper multicore x86 options .
In the end , MIC 's attractiveness vs. Tesla will have little to do with its being x86 , and more to do with its relative performance per watt on the kinds of workloads that HPC customers care about .
The final part of the " why Itanium , and not Tesla " answer is rooted in the fact that Itanium 's HPC fortunes are already on the wane .
Itanium 's showing in the Top 500 supercomputer list peaked in November 2004 at a high of 84 systems .
As of June 2010 , that number has dropped to a mere five systems .
Meanwhile , 64 - bit x86 has taken over the list , and three of the top 10 systems feature data - parallel coprocessors derived from commodity gaming platforms ( Tesla , Radeon , and Cell ) .
This processor / coprocessor combination of commodity general - purpose and data - parallel hardware looks set to continue to increase in popularity .
It seems likely that the commodity combo of 64 - bit x86 plus GPU - derived hardware will continue to displace Itanium in HPC .
And if MIC can compete with Tesla for the coprocessor spot , then it will be part of that displacement .
They are the lowest - ranked team in the World Cup , but the squad are well - drilled – most of them are from the Korean People 's army
It was 17 hours after North Korea bravely lost to the mighty Brazil last week before the people back home were allowed to watch the match on the country 's only TV channel .
While footage showed residents in the capital , Pyongyang , cheering Ji Yun -nam 's late goal , North Korea 's official news agency offered a predictably strait - laced description of the game : " From the outset of the match the two teams fought a seesaw battle , " it reported .
" The DPRK [ Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ] footballers created good shooting chances , not losing their confidence even after losing two goals . "
North Korea is the lowest - ranked team to qualify for this year 's tournament , and emotions in the stadium were running high even before the match , with the team 's best player , Jong Tae - Se , breaking down in tears during the national anthem .
This is , apparently , a bit of a habit for Jong who , despite being born in Japan and playing club football there , has demonstrated his devotion to the grandfatherland by spurning far more lucrative opportunities to represent World Cup rivals Japan or South Korea .
Given the collective ethos of North Korea , residents in Pyongyang say most people there know very little about individual players on the national team .
This was also the case at a North Korean restaurant in Beijing last week , where the staff said they were rooting for their nation in South Africa , but were flummoxed when asked which player they preferred .
" I can't say which player is best .
The entire team is good , " said a waitress who professed to be a football fan , between serving dishes of cold noodles and spicy bibimbop .
Football is , however , the biggest sport in North Korea , and the streets of Pyongyang go quiet each Sunday when the state broadcaster airs games ( never live ) from the English Premiership , Italian Serie A or eastern European leagues .
Drinking is popular there too , and , while knocking back chunky bottles of Taedong beer , locals stand around in bars to discuss scores and the occasional match reports they read in the state - run sports paper .
The term " unknown quantity " does not even begin to describe the innocence and mystery of the game in North Korea , a country still technically at war with the US and which has largely resisted the wave of cultural globalisation that has swept the rest of the planet .
" The big difference between football in North Korea and other countries is that nobody knows anything about it , " says Simon Cockerell of Koryo Tours , which has organised trips to the isolated nation .
" Even on the Fifa website , there is no definitive list of club champions .
Many people in North Korea are unaware of which team is top of the league .
They just take each game as a standalone competition . "
Usually , the dominant club side is April 25 , named after the founding date of its backer – the Korean People 's army .
In keeping with a heavily militarised society , this is the club that supplies more players to the national side than any other .
Defences do not come much better drilled .
North Korea blanked their way to South Africa in their 14 qualifying games , notching up five 0 - 0 draws and conceding more than a single goal only once .
" We are playing football made of speed and good technique combined to the standards of the modern game , which include great physical strength , " said the manager Kim Jong - Hun – another April 25 veteran .
" We fear no one . "
Which is just as well , given that North Korea have had the misfortune to be drawn in this World Cup 's " group of death " .
After losing by only one goal to Brazil , the most successful team in World Cup history , they today require at least a draw against well - fancied Portugal to have any hope of progressing .
Their efforts will be backed by a small group of identically dressed supporters who , according to reports , may be Chinese actors hired to play the role of North Korean fans .
History , as we know , offers some hope : the last time North Korea qualified for the World Cup finals , in England in 1966 , they pulled off arguably the greatest upset in the tournament 's history by beating favourites Italy 1 - 0 .
The scorer of that goal , Pak Do Ik , is the closest the country has to a footballing hero , and his team 's exploits won over many neutral fans , particularly in Middlesbrough where they were based .
" I learned that football is not only about winning .
Wherever we go , playing football can improve diplomatic relations and promote peace , " said Pak in Game of Their Lives , a British - made documentary about the 1966 North Korean team .
Nostalgia for 1966 remains as strong in North Korea as it is in England , but a surprise will be more difficult this time around .
Not only has the country 's economy – then one of the most advanced in Asia – slipped backwards , but the famine of the 1990s battered the nutritional intake of a generation .
Yet now , as then , North Korea will trust that speed and endurance can somehow prevail .
" They 're a tough bunch who play at a very high tempo , " says Nick Bonner , the documentary 's co-producer .
" It is like that scene in Spinal Tap , where the band puts every dial on their equipment at the limit .
The North Koreans play football the same way .
If the max on the dial is 10 , then they will try to play at 11 . "
A BNP election candidate advocated the murder of illegal immigrants in the wake of the recent Cumbrian massacre .
Right - wing activist Charlotte Lewis , from Thornton Heath , wrote on her Facebook page that mass - murderer Derrick Bird should have come to London and slaughtered illegal immigrants rather than his " fellow British people " .
Her tirade is the latest in a string of hate - filled rants and calls for violence against " pakis " through her Facebook page .
The latest post reads : " Ok , so I may well get in to trouble for saying this - but I 've got to get it off my chest .
" I wish that Derrick Bird could have come down to London & shot dead some illegal immigrants , rather than killing his fellow British people .
" If that offends you then tough ; it 's my opinion and I 'm entitled to it . "
Her comments refer to taxi driver Derrick Bird , who went on a killing spree in west Cumbria on June 2 , shooting dead 12 people and injuring 11 others .
Her latest Facebook rant was highlighted by website Hope Not Hate , Searchlight 's campaign to counter racism and fascism in elections and beyond .
Gerry Gable from Searchlight said : " I think anybody advocating the murder of illegal immigrants should be prosecuted .
" People may view Charlotte Lewis as being a bit potty , but the overwhelming interest in firearms of the BNP tells a much more serious story . "
When contacted by the Croydon Guardian Miss Lewis , 37 , questioned why her " innocuous " comments were being treated so seriously .
In a bizarre rant she flip - flopped repeatedly over whether illegal immigrants should be murdered or not , before asking why her love of Chandi the dancing dog in Britain 's Got Talent was not being treated as a story .
She said : " It would be preferable to kill illegal immigrants than fellow British people , because they should n’t be in this country . "
Miss Lewis ' true face was revealed in April after pictures were discovered of her swigging from a bottle of alcopops while clad in a burqa during a Halloween party .
The Carshalton and Wallington parliamentary candidate , who also ran for Croydon Council ’s Shirley ward in the May elections , was snapped revealing her contempt for Muslims by hitching up her costume to reveal her underwear .
But what do you think ?
Is Miss Lewis entitled to her opinion ?
Or is she simply spreading hatred ?
Whatever your view , use the form below to let us know ...
Valentin Kuznetsov just presented a paper at the International Conference on Computational Science on CERN ’s use of MongoDB for Large Hadron Collider data .
The paper , The CMS Data Aggregation System , is available as a PDF at ScienceDirect .
A summary
“ CMS ” stands for Compact Muon Solenoid , a general - purpose particle physics detector built on the Large Hadron Collider .
The CMS project posted a few comics which provide a nice , simple ( if somewhat cheesy ) explanation of what the CMS / LHC does .
The LHC generates massive amounts of data of all different varieties , which is distributed across a worldwide grid .
It sends status messages to some of the computers , job monitoring info to other computers , bookkeeping info still elsewhere , and so on .
This means that each location has specialized queries it can do on the data it has , but up until now it ’s been very difficult to query across the whole grid .
Enter the Data Aggregation System , designed to allow anything to be queried across all of the machines .
How it works
The aggregation system uses MongoDB as a cache .
It checks if Mongo has the aggregation the user is asking for and , if it does , returns it , otherwise the system does the aggregation and saves it to Mongo .
They query the system using a simple , SQL - like language which they transform into a MongoDB query .
So , something like file = " abc " , run >10 becomes { " file " : " abc " , " run " : { " $ gt " : 10}} .
( It ’s not the same as SQL , but the code for this might be interesting to people who want to use SQL queries with MongoDB . )
If the cache does not contain the requested query , the system iterates over all of the places in the world that could have this information and queries them , gathering their results .
It then merges all of the results , doing a sort of “ group by ” operation based on predefined identifying key and inserts the aggregated information into the cache .
It was built using the Python driver .
Goals
They ’re looking forward to field testing it and horizontally scaling the system with sharding .
As this is a general grid aggregation / querying tool , they ’re also interested in applying it to problems outside of the LHC and CERN .
We wish them luck and hope they ’ll keep us informed on future progress !
Edit : the slides from Valentin ’s presentation are available at http://www.slideshare.net/vkuznet/das-iccs-2010.
Kristina Chodorow maintains the MongoDB PHP and Perl drivers .
She blogs at kchodorow.com / blog and tweets as @kchdorow .
( Photo : Yuzuru Sunada )
Seven - time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong announced on his Twitter web site Monday that this year ’s Tour will be his final one .
“ And yes , this will be final Tour de France .
It ’s been a great ride .
Looking forward to 3 great weeks , ” the 38 - year - old American Armstrong wrote .
Realizing his tweet included several mistakes Armstrong then re-tweeted , “ Doh , sorry , meant “ my ” final Tour . ”
On Saturday , Armstrong begins his bid for an eighth Tour de France title .
With nearly five months to go until Election Day , Republican hopes of retaking the Senate have dimmed and they 're privately lamenting their lost opportunity .
Until just a few weeks ago , Republicans considered winning a Senate majority a long shot but by no means out of reach .
But the euphoria over Scott Brown 's victory in Massachusetts in January seems a distant memory now , especially after the latest round of primary results last week .
Primary victories by Carly Fiorina in California and Sharron Angle in Nevada bolstered a growing national narrative that Republican candidates are lightweights , or too outside the mainstream , to survive in the fall , and that could harm even top tier Republicans .
" There 's now a path to ' acceptable losses ' for Democrats , " notes one cautiously optimistic Democratic strategist .
" I totally see how the number stops at five to seven [ Republican pickups ] " says a Republican consultant , speaking of an optimistic scenario for the GOP .
" Nevada is the one place that fundamentally changed , " says a top GOP consultant , who now predicts Harry Reid will be re-elected .
" I do n't think Angle can win personally . "
Professional GOPers are split over whether California Republicans elected the best possible candidate in Carly Fiorina , but broadly speaking there 's little thought given any longer to the idea that Barbara Boxer 's seat is still in play .
The Republicans still have obvious pick ups .
Barring a major shakeup , North Dakota , Indiana , and Arkansas all lean strongly Republican .
In Delaware , Rep. Mike Castle ( R ) has a commanding lead over Democrat Chris Coons .
But Coons is a tireless campaigner , and will soon be drawing out the big guns , including a forthcoming fundraising visit from Vice President , and former Delaware Senator , Joe Biden .
A tier below that , though , and the picture becomes murky .
Colorado is anybody 's guess , as is Pennsylvania .
The top Republican strategist worries about what happens if Pennsylvania " becomes a race between a decorated Navy Admiral [ Democrat Joe Sestak ] and a Wall Street guy [ Republican Pat Toomey ] . "
Colorado still has a primary to resolve , but if Democratic incumbent Michael Bennet defeats his challenger Andrew Romanoff , polls show him closing in on Republican rival Jane Norton .
Illinois features a race between a flawed Republican candidate -- Mark Kirk , who 's been caught exaggerating his military record repeatedly -- and a flawed Democratic candidate -- Alexi Giannoulias , whose family owns a bank that was recently seized by the Feds .
But Kirk 's missteps have acutely harmed him , according to recent polls , leading the Democratic firm Public Policy Polling to conclude " It 's hard to see this race as anything but a pure tossup at this juncture but in Illinois a race between a flawed Democrat and a flawed Republican is probably going to end up in the Democratic column , and Giannoulias ' 5 point gain relative to Kirk in the 10 weeks reflects that . "
Democrats in Washington state ( Murray ) , Wisconsin ( Feingold ) , and Connecticut ( Blumenthal ) are safe for now .
And Republicans have a couple vulnerabilities of their own .
Popular Florida Governor Charlie Crist is running an increasingly liberal campaign in Florida as an independent against Republican Senate hopeful Marco Rubio and Democrat Kendrick Meek .
And then there 's Louisiana , where for the first time since a major sex scandal , Sen. David Vitter ( R ) will have to face the voters .
For the time being , he remains solidly ahead .
If you believe the Republican firm Magellan strategies , he leads Democrat Charlie Melancon by 20 points .
But a Democratic PPP poll due out tomorrow has Vitter up by only 9 ( 46- 37 ) .
And that 's before the Democrats have taken aim at Vitter 's troubled past .
In a sneak preview for TPM of the Democrats ' strategy , a Louisiana strategist says Dems and their surrogates will both directly remind voters of Vitter 's transgressions , and use that history , along with his voting record , to dominate the female vote .
" I think you 'll see Democrats and outside groups , including disaffected Republicans , members of the Tea Party movement , reminding folks about Vitter 's scandal , " the Democratic strategist told me .
The revelation that Vitter had frequented prostitutes came at the best ( or least harmful ) possible time for him , years before his next election .
But once voters are reminded of the details , Democrats hope they 'll be able to capitalize , particularly with women .
" [ T ] here will be devastating television ads and mailers pointing out that Vitter voted against equal pay for women , he voted against a law designed to help rape victims , to make sure rape victims get their day in court , he voted against SCHIP -- in Louisiana called LACHIP -- and consistently voted against female nominees , " the strategist added .
Add to that the fact that the general election field is likely to be peppered with conservative underdogs -- including a libertarian candidate and a Tea Party - backed independent -- all of whom should take votes away from Vitter , and it's not hard to imagine that race becoming competitive in the end .
May 3 , 2010 , 7:39 pm ET
Deadly floods in Tennessee send building down the interstate [ Video ]
Deadly flooding in central Tennessee claimed the lives of at least five people over the weekend , and left roads and towns buried in several feet of water .
Flooding was so severe near one interstate that an entire building was filmed floating down the interstate , passing cars , trucks and tractor trailers before being destroyed in an undercurrent .
CNN is reporting on the massive storms that have been ravaging southern states , including heavy hit Tennessee where the flooding has washed entire buildings away .
CNN says that two motorists were killed on Saturday as they attempted to sit on the roof of their SUV , only to be swept away by the raging flood waters .
" This is one of the most severe rain events Nashville has ever experienced , " said Nashville Mayor Karl Dean in a statement .
" I urge all Nashville [ Tennessee ] residents to stay home and stay off the roads . "
A local affiliate of CNN , WZTV , captured footage of a house that became dislodged from its foundation and floated by hundreds of cars , trucks and tractor trailers that were abandoned on I - 24 .
The house eventually got caught something under the water level , and the current pulled one corner of the house under , eventually ripping the roof off and destroying the building .
References
1. ' At least 5 dead in Tennessee ... ' view
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission on Monday revealed it has issued a subpoena to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. charging that the mega - bank failed to comply with the panel 's request for documents and interviews and instead provided the commission with 2.5 billion pages of documents in an attempt to run-out the clock .
" We should not be forced to play ' Where 's Waldo ' on behalf of the American people , " said Phil Angelides , the chairman of the inquiry commission , in an interview with reporters .
" In our view their [ Goldman Sachs ] conduct has been extraordinary .
They are outliers .
The overwhelming number of people and institutions have complied and complied in a timely basis . "
The FCIC is charged with identifying the root cause of the financial crisis and making recommendations by December .
Angelides said the panel is seeking information about Goldman 's derivatives transactions , packaged mortgage securities and activities as a market - maker .
So far the panel has conducted roughly 800 interviews with individuals at a variety of banks , credit rating agencies , regulators and other institutions .
The panel 's subpoena , which was delivered on Friday , comes after Goldman GS , +2.12 % Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein and other top bank executives were questioned and , at times , harshly criticized by the commission at a January hearing for their role in the near collapse of the economy in 2008 .
The panel also sought to set up private interviews with several officials at Goldman Sachs , including its Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein and were rebuffed .
However , Angelides said that once Goldman received the subpoena it has responded to the panel that it is seeking to schedule the interviews .
The panel is also seeking to interview individuals they do n't have the names of but are responsible for specific information .
Goldman Sachs issued a statement indicating that they have been accommodating to the panel 's request .
" We have been and continue to be committed to providing the FCIC with the information they have requested , " Goldman Sachs said in a statement .
Bill Thomas , the ranking member of the crisis panel , asked what Goldman has to hide .
" Why are n't they willing to comply with our request and what is it we would find if we could look at material as fast as possible ? "
Thomas asked .
" It seems to me that they have more to cover up than what they told us .
We are discovering that they did n't even answer the questions we requested in the voluminous information provided . "
Thomas added that Goldman provided the panel with five terabytes of documents , which he argued represents roughly 2.5 billion pages of documents .
Goldman spokesman Michael Duvally declined to comment about whether the financial institution did provide 2.5 billion pages of documents .
At the panel 's January hearing , Angelides and many members of the inquiry committee lashed out at Blankfein and other investment - bank executives , comparing the practice of packaging and selling " toxic " mortgage securities with that of someone who sells a car with faulty brakes and buys an insurance policy on the buyer of those cars .
Panel members asked questions about bank - executive bonuses they saw as excessive ; a lack of provisions to " claw back " bank - employee pay when things are bad ; and a need for investment banks to have " skin in the game " by retaining an interest in packaged securities they sell to investors .
So far the panel has issued 12 subpoenas .
In April , the panel issued a subpoena to credit rating agency Moody 's Corp. MCO , +1.44 % for failing to provide the panel documents in a timely manner .
I think I might be one of the few fans who actually really want to see this new cartoon show .
I ’m glad they ’re going to be taking it into a comdeic approach and I feel Seth Green is the perfect person to do it .
He ’s such a fan of Star Wars himself , he ’s sure to fill it with fanboy humor and solid stories .
Outside of the show ’s initial announcement not much news has come out about the show , and many fans have wondered where in the Star Wars timeline would this new series take place ?
Would it be during the already heavily cluttered Clone Wars ?
Or would it delve into the thick history taking place before that ?
Seth Green has confirmed that his show will take place during the Original Trilogy .
It ’s a timeline that has been pretty much off - limits to other creators , but Lucas ’ willingness to let Green go there gives me hope that this project is on the right track .
Here ’s what Seth Green had to say :
“ If you think about today ’s culture and our America and the fact that we are actively at war for over the last ten years …
There ’s an ongoing war !
Now , imagine that war was between the Rebels and the Empire and we ’re on some off world called Los Angeles where we really have no interaction with any of that stuff .
That ’s kind of what this is . ”
Star Wars is a story filled with action , but being a humorous cartoon many wondered if the new show would feature any action :
“ No more action than your average Loney Toons and Tom and Jerry .
You know , it ’s action in that sense , but we are focusing on things that are funny about the universe as opposed to the wars themselves . ”
I ’m excited to see what Green will do with the series , but personally it seems like it ’s already on track .
I know many fanboys are n’t terribly excited about the idea , but for me Star Wars is Star Wars .
Stilll no word on an official release date , but I ’m sure in the months to come we ’ll find out plenty more .
- Jordan
Google Inc. may not be throwing in the towel in its battle with the Chinese government , but it certainly took a step back this week .
Google announced late Monday that it will no longer automatically redirect search traffic from China to its Hong Kong search engine .
The announcement came just two days before Google 's license to operate in China must be renewed .
The company hopes the move placates Chinese officials , who had threatened to revoke Google 's Internet Content Provider ( ICP ) license if the company did not stop redirecting search requests from Chinese users .
In a blog post last night , Google Chief Legal Officer David Drummond said the company plans to complete the shift in direction over the next few days .
Instead of the automatic redirect , the Google.cn site now shows an image of the Google search bar above a link that says , " We 've moved to Google.com.hk .
Please visit our new Web site . "
Clicking on the logo or text takes users to the Hong Kong Web site .
It should be clear on Wednesday whether the Chinese government accepts the compromise move and will renew Google 's license to continue doing business in the country .
Without a license , Google would go dark in China .
Rob Enderle , principal analyst at Enderle Group , said that while Google 's move amounts to caving in to Chinese officials , the company 's executives had few alternatives if they wanted to continue doing business in China .
" They really have no choice if they want to stay in that region , " Enderle said .
" That was the problem of taking a position the company could not sustain .
You do n't fight governments .
Google had a choice : Capitulate or leave .
They capitulated . "
Google in January had threatened to halt its operations in China after contending that an attack on its network from inside China aimed to expose the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
At the same time , Google said it was reconsidering its willingness to censor the search results of users in China as required by the government .
After several months of negotiations with Chinese officials , Google announced in March that it had stopped censoring search results in the country .
In a blog post at the time , Drummond said the company had stopped censoring Google Search , Google News and Google Images on the Chinese Google .cn site .
Users in China were redirected to the Hong Kong - based Google.com.hk site , where they were given uncensored search results in simplified Chinese .
Image caption Many in the US say China is keeping the yuan low to boost exports
US President Barack Obama has welcomed China 's announcement that it will allow the exchange rate of its currency , the yuan , to become more flexible .
Mr Obama called it a " constructive step " , saying it would help boost the global recovery .
US politicians have long argued that the yuan is undervalued , giving China an unfair trade advantage .
The issue is expected to be raised at a summit of the G20 group of industrial and developing countries next week .
On Saturday , the Chinese central bank announced it would make its exchange rate mechanism " more flexible " .
The bank said the proposed reform had been made possible by the global recovery .
However , it gave no details about timing and ruled out any single large - scale revaluation of the yuan , saying there was " no basis for big fluctuations or changes " .
This is an important step but the test is how far and how fast they let the currency appreciate Timothy Geithner , US Treasury Secretary
The Chinese currency has been held at about 6.83 to the dollar since July 2008 , drawing criticism that China was maintaining the currency at an artificially low level to help its exporters .
Commenting on China 's announcement , President Obama said it was " a constructive step that can help safeguard the recovery and contribute to a more balanced global economy " .
" I look forward to discussing these and other issues at the G20 summit in Toronto next weekend . "
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner cautiously welcomed the move .
" This is an important step but the test is how far and how fast they let the currency appreciate , " he said .
Under pressure
In April , Mr Geithner delayed a report that could label China a currency manipulator , in what was seen as an attempt to give Beijing time to reform its currency without appearing to do so under pressure .
A number of members of the US Congress believe the low yuan is directly affecting their local economies .
Responding to the announcement , Democratic Senator Charles Schumer said China 's statement was too vague .
" Until there is more specific information about how quickly it will let its currency appreciate and by how much , we can have no good feeling that the Chinese will start playing by the rules , " he said .
The BBC's Damian Grammaticas in Beijing says the announcement may be seen as an attempt to preempt criticism of China 's currency policies at the G20 summit in Canada , where Mr Obama will meet China 's President Hu Jintao .
China has kept the currency from rising by selling yuan for dollars and has built up massive foreign exchange reserves as a result .
The way China invested those reserves is seen by many economists as a key factor in the recent international financial crisis .
The head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) Dominique Strauss - Kahn said China 's announcement was " a very welcome development " .
American psychologist , lawyer , inventor and comic book writer
William Moulton Marston ( May 9 , 1893 – May 2 , 1947 ) , also known by the pen name Charles Moulton ( ) , was an American psychologist who , with his wife Elizabeth Holloway , invented an early prototype of the lie detector .
He was also known as a self - help author and comic book writer who created the character Wonder Woman . [ 1 ]
Two women , his wife Elizabeth Holloway Marston , and their polyamorous life partner , Olive Byrne , greatly influenced Wonder Woman 's creation . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
He was inducted into the Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Biography [ edit ]
Early life and career [ edit ]
Marston was born in the Cliftondale section of Saugus , Massachusetts , the son of Annie Dalton ( née Moulton ) and Frederick William Marston . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Marston was educated at Harvard University , graduating Phi Beta Kappa and receiving his B.A. in 1915 , an LL.B. in 1918 , and a PhD in Psychology in 1921 .
While a student at Harvard , Marston sold his first script , The Thief , to filmmaker Alice Guy - Blaché , who directed the film in 1913 .
After teaching at American University in Washington , D.C. , and Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts , Marston traveled to Universal Studios in California in 1929 , where he spent a year as Director of Public Services and taught at the University of Southern California . [ 6 ]
William Marston ( right ) in 1922 , testing his lie detector invention
Marston had two children each with both his wife Elizabeth Holloway Marston and partner Olive Byrne . [ 7 ]
Elizabeth gave birth to a son , Pete , and a daughter , Olive Ann .
Olive Byrne gave birth to two sons .
Elizabeth supported the family financially while Olive Byrne stayed home to take care of all four children . [ 7 ]
Marjorie Wilkes Huntley was a third woman who occasionally lived with them , and who would go on to become office executive under H. G. Peter .
Psychologist and inventor [ edit ]
Marston was the creator of the systolic blood pressure test , which became one component of the modern polygraph invented by John Augustus Larson in Berkeley , California .
Marston 's wife , Elizabeth Holloway Marston , suggested a connection between emotion and blood pressure to William , observing that , " [ w ] hen she got mad or excited , her blood pressure seemed to climb " . [ 8 ]
Although Elizabeth is not listed as Marston 's collaborator in his early work , Lamb , Matte ( 1996 ) , and others refer directly and indirectly to Elizabeth 's own work on her husband 's research .
She also appears in a picture taken in his laboratory in the 1920s ( reproduced by Marston , 1938 ) . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Marston set out to commercialize Larson 's invention of the polygraph , when he subsequently embarked on a career in entertainment and comic book writing and appeared as a salesman in ads for Gillette Razors , using a polygraph motif .
From his psychological work , Marston became convinced that women were more honest than men in certain situations and could work faster and more accurately .
During his lifetime , Marston championed the latent abilities and causes of the women of his day .[ citation needed ]
Marston was also a writer of essays in popular psychology .
And he published a 1928 book Emotions of Normal People , a defense of many sexual taboos , using much of Byrne 's original research she had done for her doctorate .
He dedicated the work to her , Holloway , his mother , his aunt , and Huntley .
It received almost no attention from the rest of the academic community other than a review , written by Byrne herself , under her alternate name Olive Richard in The Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Emotions of Normal People also elaborated on the DISC Theory .
Marston viewed people behaving along two axes , with their attention being either passive or active , depending on the individual 's perception of his or her environment as either favorable or antagonistic .
By placing the axes at right angles , four quadrants form , with each describing a behavioral pattern :
Dominance produces activity in an antagonistic environment
Inducement produces activity in a favorable environment
Submission produces passivity in a favorable environment
Compliance produces passivity in an antagonistic environment .
Marston posited that there is a masculine notion of freedom that is inherently anarchic and violent and an opposing feminine notion based on " Love Allure " that leads to an ideal state of submission to loving authority .
Wonder Woman [ edit ]
Creation [ edit ]
On October 25 , 1940 , an interview conducted by his partner Olive Byrne ( under the pseudonym " Olive Richard " ) was published in The Family Circle ( titled " Do n't Laugh at the Comics " ) , in which Marston said that he saw " great educational potential " in comic books .
( A follow - up article was published two years later in 1942 . [ 13 ] )
The interview caught the attention of comics publisher Max Gaines , who hired Marston as an educational consultant for National Periodicals and All - American Publications , two of the companies that would later merge to form DC Comics .
In the early 1940s , the DC Comics line was dominated by superpower - endowed male characters such as the Green Lantern and Superman ( its flagship character ) , as well as Batman , with his high - tech gadgets .
According to the Fall 2001 issue of the Boston University alumni magazine , it was the idea of Marston 's wife , Elizabeth Holloway Marston , to create a female superhero .
Marston recommended an idea for a new kind of superhero , one who would conquer not with fists or firepower , but with love .
" Fine , " said Elizabeth .
" but make her a woman . " [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Marston introduced the idea to Max Gaines , co-founder with Jack Liebowitz of All - American Publications .
Given the go- ahead , Marston developed Wonder Woman , basing her character on the unconventional , liberated , powerful modern women of his day . [ 1 ] [ 16 ]
Marston 's pseudonym , Charles Moulton , combined his own and Gaines 's middle names .
In a 1943 issue of The American Scholar , Marston wrote : " Not even girls want to be girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force , strength , and power .
Not wanting to be girls , they do n't want to be tender , submissive , peace - loving as good women are .
Women 's strong qualities have become despised because of their weakness .
The obvious remedy is to create a feminine character with all the strength of Superman plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman . " [ 17 ]
In 2017 , a majority of Marston 's personal papers arrived at the Schlesinger Library at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study ; this collection helps to tell the backstory of " Wonder Woman , " including his unorthodox personal life with two idealistic and strong women , Olive Byrne and Elizabeth Marston , with a connection to Margaret Sanger , one of the most influential feminists of the twentieth century . [ 18 ]
Development [ edit ]
Marston 's character was a native of an all - female utopia of Amazons who became a crime - fighting U.S. government agent , using her superhuman strength and agility , and her ability to force villains to submit and tell the truth by binding them with her magic lasso . [ 19 ]
Her appearance was believed by some to be based somewhat on Olive Byrne , and her heavy bronze bracelets ( which she used to deflect bullets ) were inspired by the jewelry bracelets worn by Byrne . [ 20 ]
After her name " Suprema " was replaced with " Wonder Woman , " which was a popular term at the time that described women who were exceptionally gifted , the character made her debut in All Star Comics # 8 in December 1941 .
Wonder Woman next appeared in Sensation Comics # 1 ( January 1942 ) , and six months later , Wonder Woman # 1 debuted . [ 19 ]
Except for four months in 1986 , the series has been in print ever since .
The stories were initially written by Marston and illustrated by newspaper artist Harry Peter .
During his life Marston had written many articles and books on various psychological topics , but his last six years of writing were devoted to his comics creation .
Death [ edit ]
William Moulton Marston died of cancer on May 2 , 1947 , in Rye , seven days before his 54th birthday .
After his death , Elizabeth and Olive continued to live together until Olive 's death in 1990 , aged 86 ; [ 21 ]
Elizabeth died in 1993 , aged 100 . [ 22 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
In 1985 , Marston was posthumously named as one of the honorees by DC Comics in the company 's 50th anniversary publication Fifty Who Made DC Great . [ 23 ]
Themes [ edit ]
William Moulton Marston 's philosophy of diametric opposites has bled into his design of his Wonder Woman mythology .
This theme of diametrics took the form of his emphasis on certain masculine and feminine configurations as well as dominance and submission . [ 24 ]
Marston 's " Wonder Woman " is an early example of bondage themes that were entering popular culture in the 1930s .
[ 1 ]
Physical and mental submission appears again and again throughout Marston 's comics work , with Wonder Woman and her criminal opponents frequently being tied up ( or otherwise restrained ) , and her Amazonian sisters engaging in frequent wrestling and bondage play .
These elements were softened by later writers of the series , who dropped such characters as the Nazi - like blond female slaver Eviless completely , despite her having formed the original Villainy Inc. of Wonder Woman 's enemies ( in Wonder Woman # 28 , the last by Marston . ) [ citation needed ]
Though Marston had described female nature as being more capable of submission emotion , in his other writings and interviews , [ citation needed ] he referred to submission as a noble practice and did not shy away from the sexual implications , saying :
The only hope for peace is to teach people who are full of pep and unbound force to enjoy being bound ...
Only when the control of self by others is more pleasant than the unbound assertion of self in human relationships can we hope for a stable , peaceful human society ...
Giving to others , being controlled by them , submitting to other people cannot possibly be enjoyable without a strong erotic element . [ 25 ]
One of the purposes of these bondage depictions was to induce eroticism in readers as a part of what he called " sex love training . "
Through his Wonder Woman comics , he aimed to condition readers to becoming more readily accepting of loving submission to loving authorities rather than being so assertive with their own destructive egos .
About male readers , he later wrote : " Give them an alluring woman stronger than themselves to submit to , and they 'll be proud to become her willing slaves ! " [ 26 ]
Marston combined these themes with others , including restorative and transformative justice , rehabilitation , regret and their roles in civilization .
These appeared often in his depiction of the near - ideal Amazon civilization of Paradise Island , and especially its " Reform Island " penal colony , which played a central role in many stories and was the " loving " alternative to retributive justice of the world run by men .
These themes are particularly evident in his last story , in which prisoners freed by Eviless , who have responded to Amazon rehabilitation and now have good dominance / submission , stop her and restore the Amazons to power .
Some of these themes continued on in Silver Age characters , who may have been influenced by Marston , notably Saturn Girl and Saturn Queen , who ( like Eviless and her female army ) are also from Saturn , are also clad in tight , dark red bodysuits , are also blond or red-haired , and also have telepathic powers . [ 27 ]
Stories involving the latter have been especially focused on the emotions involved in changing sides from evil to good , as were stories from Green Lantern 's " Blackest Night " with its Emotional Spectrum which was likely influenced by Marston 's research into emotions .
Wonder Woman 's golden lasso and Venus Girdle in particular were the focus of many of the early stories and have the same capability to reform people for good in the short term that Transformation Island and prolonged wearing of Venus Girdles offered in the longer term .
The Venus Girdle was an allegory for Marston 's theory of " sex love " training , where people can be " trained " to embrace submission through eroticism .[ citation needed ]
In film [ edit ]
Marston 's life is depicted in Professor Marston and the Wonder Women , a biographical drama also portraying Elizabeth Holloway Marston , Olive Byrne , and the creation of Wonder Woman . [ 28 ] [ 29 ]
Marston is portrayed in the film by Welsh actor Luke Evans . [ 30 ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
" Systolic blood pressure symptoms of deception and constituent mental states . "
( Harvard University , 1921 ) ( doctoral dissertation )
( 1999 ; originally published 1928 ) Emotions of Normal People .
Taylor & Francis Ltd. ISBN 0-415-21076-3
. Taylor & Francis Ltd. ISBN 0-415-21076-3 ( 1930 ) Walter B. Pitkin & William M. Marston , The Art of Sound Pictures .
New York : Appleton .
. New York : Appleton . ( 1931 ) '' Integrative Psychology : A Study of Unit Response ( with C. Daly King , and Elizabeth Holloway Marston ) .
( with C. Daly King , and Elizabeth Holloway Marston ) . ( c. 1932 ) Venus with us ; a tale of the Caesar .
New York : Sears .
. New York : Sears . ( 1936 ) You can be popular .
New York : Home Institute .
. New York : Home Institute . ( 1937 ) Try living .
New York : Crowell .
. New York : Crowell . ( 1938 ) The lie detector test .
New York : Smith .
. New York : Smith . ( 1941 ) March on !
Facing life with courage .
New York : Doubleday , Doran .
. New York : Doubleday , Doran . ( 1943 ) F.F. Proctor , vaudeville pioneer ( with J.H. Feller ) .
New York : Smith .
Journal articles
( 1917 ) " Systolic blood pressure symptoms of deception . "
Journal of Experimental Psychology , Vol 2 ( 2 ) , 117–163 .
Vol 2 ( 2 ) , 117–163 . ( 1920 ) " Reaction time symptoms of deception . "
Journal of Experimental Psychology , 3 , 72 –87 .
3 , 72–87 . ( 1921 ) " Psychological Possibilities in the Deception Tests . " Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology , 11 , 551–570 .
11 , 551–570 . ( 1923 ) " Sex Characteristics of Systolic Blood Pressure Behavior . "
Journal of Experimental Psychology , 6 , 387–419 .
6 , 387–419 . ( 1924 ) " Studies in Testimony . "
Journal of Criminal Law & Criminology , 15 , 5 – 31 .
15 , 5 – 31 . ( 1924 ) " A Theory of Emotions and Affection Based Upon Systolic Blood Pressure Studies . "
American Journal of Psychology , 35 , 469 –506 .
35 , 469–506 . ( 1925 ) " Negative type reaction - time symptoms of deception . "
Psychological Review , 32 , 241–247 .
32 , 241–247 . ( 1926 ) " The psychonic theory of consciousness . "
Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology , 21 , 161–169 .
21 , 161–169 . ( 1927 ) " Primary emotions . "
Psychological Review , 34 , 336–363 .
34 , 336–363 . ( 1927 ) " Consciousness , motation , and emotion . "
Psyche , 29 , 40 –52 .
29 , 40 – 52 . ( 1927 ) " Primary colors and primary emotions . "
Psyche , 30 , 4–33 .
30 , 4–33 . ( 1927 ) " Motor consciousness as a basis for emotion . "
Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology , 22 , 140 –150 .
22 , 140 –150 . ( 1928 ) " Materialism , vitalism and psychology . "
Psyche , 8 , 15 –34 .
8 , 15 –34 . ( 1929 ) " Bodily symptoms of elementary emotions . "
Psyche , 10 , 70 –86 .
10 , 70 – 86 . ( 1929 ) " The psychonic theory of consciousness — an experimental study , " ( with C.D. King ) .
Psyche , 9 , 39–5 .
9 , 39–5 . ( 1938 ) " ' You might as well enjoy it . ' "
Rotarian , 53 , No. 3 , 22 –25 .
53 , No. 3 , 22 –25 . ( 1938 ) " What people are for . "
Rotarian , 53 , No. 2 , 8 –10 .
53 , No. 2 , 8 –10 . ( 1944 ) " Why 100,000,000 Americans read comics . "
The American Scholar , 13 ( 1 ) , 35 – 44 .
13 ( 1 ) , 35 – 44 . ( 1944 ) " Women can out - think men ! " Ladies Home Journal , 61 ( May ) , 4–5 .
61 ( May ) , 4 –5 . ( 1947 ) " Lie detection 's bodily basis and test procedures , " in : P.L. Harriman ( Ed. ) , Encyclopedia of Psychology , New York , 354–363 .
New York , 354–363 .
Entries on " Consciousness , " " Defense mechanisms , " and " Synapse " in the 1929 edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica .
See also [ edit ]
Hugo Münsterberg , Marston 's academic advisor
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
And while Mr. Obama has imposed restrictions on hiring lobbyists for government posts , the administration has used waivers and recusals more than two dozen times to appoint lobbyists to political positions .
Two lobbyists also cited instances in which the White House had suggested that a job candidate be “ deregistered ” as a lobbyist in Senate records to avoid violating the administration ’s hiring restrictions .
A senior White House official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said that in “ a small number of cases , ” people might have been “ wrongly ” registered as lobbyists , based on federal standards .
The official said that while the White House might have discussed such instances of possible “ over - registration , ” he was “ quite confident that no lobbying shop has been instructed to deregister anyone . ”
Many lobbyists still get in the front door at the White House  nearly 1,000 times , according to a New York Times examination of public White House visitors ’ logs and lobbying registration records .
Those logs , though , present an incomplete picture .
For instance , many of the entries do not reflect who actually took part in a meeting .
The “ visitee ” often shows up not as the White House official who was the host , but as the administrative assistant who arranged the meeting .
David Wenhold , president of the American League of Lobbyists , based in Washington , said the current “ cold war ” relationship between the White House and K Street lobbyists was one of mutual necessity , with the White House relying on lobbyists ’ expertise and connections to help shape federal policies .
“ You ca n’t close the door all the way because you still need to have these communications , ” Mr. Wenhold said .
“ It makes a great sound bite for the White House to demonize us lobbyists , but at the end of the day , they ’re still going to call us . ”
Lobbyists say some White House officials will agree to an initial meeting with a lobbyist and his client at the White House , but then plan follow - up sessions at a site not subject to the visitors ’ log .
Iowa Rep. Steve King said he is performing a public service by accusing President Obama of favoring blacks over whites .
" I 'm standing up against something that is or could become racism , " King told FoxNews.com on Wednesday .
The Iowa Republican said he did n't misspeak when he told a nationally syndicated radio show on Monday that President Obama favors blacks over whites .
King told the G. Gordon Liddy show that Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder repeatedly demonstrate an unjust preference toward minorities .
King told FoxNews.com that his comments alluded to a July 2009 incident in which a white police officer in Cambridge , Mass. , arrested a black professor for disorderly conduct .
Before knowing all the facts , Obama said Sgt. James Crowley acted " stupidly " when he apprehended Harvard Prof .
Henry Louis Gates Jr. outside his home .
Obama later said he did not intend to malign the police offer -- and invited the two men to a " beer summit " at the White House -- but King claims his initial remarks showed a " built - in defense mechanism " that favors minorities .
King said Obama 's first public statement on the incident " brought up race in the beginning " and " concluded with race . "
The three - term congressman repeated his claim that Obama has " a default mechanism that breaks down on the side of the minority . "
But King stopped short of calling the president a racist .
" I do n't know if I want to go so far as to make that allegation , " he said .
King went on to cite more recent remarks from Obama in which the president criticized Arizona 's controversial immigration law by suggesting it could lead to racial profiling -- a concern held by the administration and most Democrats as well as civil rights groups fighting to repeal the legislation .
King also criticized Holder for embracing what he called a similar racial " bias , " citing the Justice Department 's decision to drop a 2008 voter intimidation case against the New Black Panther Party .
King 's remarks Monday did n't sit well with members of his own party -- including Colorado Republican Cory Gardner , whose congressional campaign canceled a $ 100 - a - plate fundraiser that was to feature King as its guest speaker .
And King 's upcoming appearance at a Tea Party rally in Loveland , Colo. , was canceled after organizers got word of the comments .
Responding to the snub , King said the Tea Party movement needed a " spine " and said Gardner " simply caved in at the first sign of friction " without " bothering to call me . "
Iowa Democrats also condemned the race remarks on Wednesday .
" This is a fairly typical rhetoric for Congressman King , " said Norm Sterzenbach , Iowa Democratic Party Executive Director .
" Once again , it ’ll be interesting to see if other prominent Iowa Republicans will denounce these statements . "
" Where 's the outrage in the Iowa Republican Party ?
Are they going to say something ? " asked Sterzenbach .
Danielle Plogmann , communications director for the Republican Party of Iowa , declined comment when contacted by Fox News Wednesday .
She referred all inquiries to King 's office .
King , who is seeking a fourth term in the House , claims his remarks were " willfully distorted " by liberal blogs , which he says did not print a transcript of the interview in its entirety .
" I 'm offended by Eric Holder and the president also , their posture , " King told Liddy on Monday .
" It looks like Eric Holder said that white people in America are cowards when it comes to race . "
" The president has demonstrated that he has a default mechanism in him that breaks down the side of race on the side that favors the black person in the case of professor Gates and officer Crowley , " he said .
" That was , that was a case where he knew nothing about it …and concluded that the cop had operated on a race bias or a racist basis and then he ended up having to have a beer summit because of that . "
Holder , however , did not suggest in his 2009 speech that whites are more cowardly than blacks when discussing race .
" Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot , " Holder said , " in things racial we have always been and I believe continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards . "
Fox News ' Steve Brown contributed to this report .
‘‘ I formed the view that the best way of making sure that this government was back on track ... was to take the course that I took last night and this morning , ’’ Ms Gillard told parliament .
But Ms Gillard , who earlier paid tribute to her predecessor , defended the leadership assault .
‘‘ I am well aware that there are others who will look at that and will form a view as to whether I took the correct course - that is the nature of politics .
‘‘( But ) I made a decision and I stand by it absolutely . ’’
Ms Gillard paid tribute to outgoing prime minister Kevin Rudd , but said she believed the Labor Party was " losing its way " under his leadership .
In her first speech since she was annointed Australia ’s first female prime minister , Ms Gillard said she had felt a responsibility to " step up and take control and make sure the government got back on track " .
" Ultimately Kevin Rudd and I disagreed about the direction of the government , I believed we could do better , " she said .
Ms Gillard said she felt " truly honoured to lead this country , which I love " .
" I ’m utterly committed to the service of our people , " she said .
During question time , Deputy Opposition Leader Julie Bishop asked Prime Minister Julia Gillard if the ‘‘ same ministers ’ ’ were conducting negotiations with the mining industry with the ‘‘ same $ 12 billion ’ ’ of budgeted revenue from the resource super profits tax and , if so , what policy change had there been .
Ms Bishop also took the opportunity to take a swipe at Ms Gillard by referring to the ‘‘ unprecedented assassination ’’ of former prime minister Kevin Rudd .
Ms Gillard was quick to return the sledge .
‘‘ I thank the same old deputy leader of the opposition for her question and wish her well as she serves her third leader , ’’ she said .
Gillard cancels proposed mining tax ads Earlier , Ms Gillard used her first press conference to address the government 's stalemate with the mining industry over the proposed resource super profits tax .
The prime minister cancelled the taxpayer - funded advertising campaign promoting the proposed tax .
Ms Gillard has asked the mining industry to cancel its advertisements as a show of ‘‘ mutual respect ’ ’ .
Ms Gillard said she was " throwing open the government ’s door " by cancelling its advertisements as a show of " mutual respect " .
In turn , she hoped the mining industry would open its mind and cancel their own ads .
Lodge ' not appropriate ' until after election
But she said she believed that , rather than moving into The Lodge in Canberra , it was appropriate for her to continue living at her home in Altona and her flat in Canberra until she received the endorsement of the Australian public at the general election .
" I ’m very happy in my home in Altona ( in Melbourne ’s Western suburbs ) ... very happy in my flat in Canberra , " she said .
" I ’d be happy to stay there for a considerable period of time .
" Indeed , I believe it is appropriate for me to stay there until we have an election and I have fulsomely earned the trust of Australian people to be prime minister . "
She said she would ask the Governor - General in the next few months to call a general election .
Gillard accepts role with ' humility , resolve '
Ms Gillard said she had given three - and - a - half years of the " most loyal services I could offer my colleague Kevin Rudd " .
" Can I say Australians one and all , it 's with the greatest , humility , resolve and enthusiasm that I sought the endorsement of my colleagues to be the Labor leader and to be the prime minister for this country , " she said .
" I have accepted that endorsement . "
Ms Gillard was sworn in as prime minister at 12.30 pm .
Values of hard work and ' doing your bit '
The Welsh - born Ms Gillard grew up in South Australia .
There , she said , her parents taught her the value of hard work , respect and doing your bit for the community .
" It is these values that will guide me as Australia ’s prime minister , " she said .
Ms Gillard said she believed in a government that rewards those that work the hardest " not those that complain the loudest " .
She said hard work , decency and effort should be rewarded .
" The people who play by the rules , set their alarms early , get their kids off to school , stand by the neighbours and love their country . "
Gillard to lead ' strong , responsible government '
Ms Gillard said she would lead a strong and responsible government that would take control of Australia ’s future .
" Improving and protecting the essential public services and basic rights our people depend on including so importantly their rights at work , " she said .
Ms Gillard emphasised the importance of working as a team .
" I also believe that leadership is about the authority that grows from mutual respect shared by colleagues , from ... hard work , team work and spirit . "
" It ’s these beliefs that have been my compass during the three - and - a - half years of the most loyal service I could offer to my colleague Kevin Rudd . "
Rudd government ' was losing its way '
Ms Gillard said she had asked her colleagues to make a leadership change " because I believed that a good government was losing its way " .
Health and education services , and fair treatment at work , were at risk at the next election , Ms Gillard warned .
Ms Gillard said she took her fair share of responsibility for the Rudd government ’s record , including the errors .
" I know the Rudd government did not do all it said it would do and at times it went off track , " she said .
Ms Gillard said Australia was emerging from the biggest financial crisis the world had faced since the Great Depression , with the lowest debt and among the lowest unemployment rate and highest growth rate in the world .
She gave credit to every hard - working Australian for what had been achieved in these difficult times .
" I give credit to the Labor giants Bob Hawke and Paul Keating as the architects of today ’s modern prosperity , " she said .
" I give credit to John Howard and Peter Costello for continuing these reforms , " she said .
" And I particularly give credit to Kevin Rudd for leading the nation in such difficult times and keeping people in work . "
Ms Gillard said she could assure every Australian that the federal budget would be back in surplus in 2013 .
' I will re-prosecute the case for a carbon price '
Turning to Labor ’s failed attempt to introduce an emissions trading scheme , Ms Gillard said she was disappointed that Australia did n’t have a price on carbon .
" In the future we will need one , " she said .
" But first we will need to establish a community consensus for action .
" If elected as prime minister ( at the next election ) , I will re-prosecute the case for a carbon price at home and abroad . "
Ms Gillard said she had her differences with Mr Rudd over the direction of the government .
Rudd a man of ' remarkable achivement '
" I believed we needed to do better , " she said , adding Mr Rudd was a man of " remarkable achievement " .
" He made wonderful history for this nation by saying sorry to indigenous Australians , " she said .
" He was the leader who withdrew our troops from Iraq and had the foresight to reinforce our commitments in Afghanistan .
" He was the leader who saw us through the global financial crisis .
The leader who turned his intelligence and determination to health reform , combating homelessness and closing the gap for indigenous Australians . "
Changes to cabinet , ministers to be announced
Ms Gillard said there would be some changes to cabinet and ministerial arrangements , which she should announce at an appropriate time .
She summed up her vision of Australia as " a nation where hard work is rewarded ... a nation that prides itself on the excellence of its education system " .
" We should not be afraid of the future . "
Australia should be " a bright democracy for the world to admire , and a sanctuary for all of our people , " she said .
" Can I say to the Australian people , there will be some days I delight you , there may be some days I disappoint you , on every day I will be working my absolute hardest for you . "
Ms Gillard had a message for Australian troops , noting the recent loss of life and injuries in Afghanistan .
" ( This ) reminds us of the depth of the sacrifice that our serving men and women be called on to make , " she said .
" Our thoughts are certainly with the grieving families , " she said , referring to the three soldiers killed in a helicopter crash on Monday .
Swan 's new role an ' unexpected privilege '
New deputy prime minister Wayne Swan said the role was an " unexpected privilege " .
" Today we move forward with an intelligent , strong , competent and compassionate leader , " he said .
" She has been a first - class deputy prime minister and she will be a first - class prime minister . "
The day was not a day for celebration , Mr Swan said .
" Today is a day to knuckle down and to get back to work , and that is precisely what we are going to do . "
Mr Swan praised Mr Rudd , a fellow Queenslander .
" It ’s a really tough day for Kevin , for his family and for his staff , " he said .
" I ’d like to pay tribute to the hard work that he ’s put in in his time as prime minister , but also in his time in public service over a long period of time . "
Strong border protection pledge
There has been speculation that a Gillard - led government would shift further to the right on border security .
Ms Gillard said she understood Australians were " disturbed " by the number of unauthorised boat arrivals , and pledged strong border protection .
" I can understand that sense of anxiety , " she said , adding Australia was a sanctuary .
" It ’s our home . "
The government had a responsibility to manage the nation ’s borders and manage the question of asylum seekers " in the best possible way " .
Ms Gillard said she had " no truck " for fearmongering on the issue for political advantage .
" But I am full of understanding for the perspective that the Australian people that they want strong management of our borders and I will provide it . "
Rudd 'has future within Labor caucus '
Ms Gillard said it had been a tough day for Mr Rudd and his family with whom he would probably choose to spend time .
Mr Rudd had indicated to he saw a future for himself in the federal parliamentary Labor party .
" Not many hours ago at our caucus meeting I said I believed Kevin Rudd had a great future in the Labor party and in the parliamentary caucus if he wanted one , " Ms Gillard said .
" There are plenty of times for those discussions . "
First woman , ' maybe first redhead ' in top job
Ms Gillard said she was well aware she was the first woman to step into the top job and perhaps the first redhead .
" First woman - maybe first redhead - we ’ll allow others to delve into the history and I ’ll allow you to contemplate which was more unlikely in the modern age , " she said .
" But can I say to you I did n’t set out to crash my head on any glass ceilings .
" I set out to keep my feet on the floor and to be there walking the streets talking to Australians about what ’s the right thing for this nation . "
Ms Gillard vehemently denied she was beholden to Labor ’s factional bosses , pointing out she was no political rookie and had been in Canberra since 1998 .
Loading " I would defy anyone - anyone - to analyse my parliamentary career and to suggest that on any day I have done anything other than made up my own mind , in accordance with my own conscience , and my best views about what ’s in the interests of the nation , " she said .
With AAP
With a hat tip to Associative Economist , Arthur Edwards , we reproduce below an excerpt from Riegel ’s book The new approach to freedom .
The Right - Wing Socialists
THERE ARE three classes of socialists : the left - wing , or Marxist , group , who believe that the government should own and control everything ; the middle - of - the - road socialists , who believe the government should own and operate public utilities ; and the right - wing socialists , who believe that the government should control only the monetary system .
The right - wing socialists are by far the most dangerous , because they are not known as socialists and call themselves capitalists , individualists , private enterprisers , etc .
They even believe themselves to be anti-socialist and profess full faith in private enterprise .
They are not only numerically the largest group of socialists but are also individually the most influential .
Among them are the leading industrialists and mercantilists and bankers and statesmen .
The right wing socialists believe that with production and distribution facilities in the ownership and operation of private interests , and with monetary facilities in the hands of government , we can have free enterprise .
They might as well believe that if a man owns an automobile , he need not worry about who or what controls the gas .
Private enterprise means the right among men to come to voluntary agreement on the exchange of their goods and services .
These agreements , some written , some oral , some implicit , some explicit , run into the millions , and upon their fidelity rests the entire social structure .
In a money economy , all these contracts are expressed in terms of the monetary unit , which is itself based upon a contract — the basic contract which is the foundation of the entire pyramid of contracts .
What is the money contract that makes possible or impossible the faithful performance of every other contract ?
Ask any businessman , banker , lawyer , economist or statesman , and you will find that his idea is not only vague , but that it involves legislation .
In other words , he believes that money is a political product .
In contrast with this universal belief , the truth is that the state is incompetent to legislate money and powerless to issue it .
The substance of money is supplied entirely by private enterprise .
The state ’s intervention in money is at best an impediment to private enterprise , and with the assertion of the issue power , it becomes the active agent of socialization .
Thus those who believe in or accept political money power — and their number is legion — are the most dangerous , though innocent , socialists .
While the great mass of people have no ideology , those who think on the issue between private enterprise and socialism are virtually all socialists of the three classes named .
This is a startling fact that we must recognize before the final battle lines are formed .
The would - be friends of private enterprise must be made real friends , instead of innocent fellow travelers with those who would destroy our liberties .
Private enterprise , to survive , must control its three facilities , namely , the means of exchange , the means of production , and the means of distribution .
To control the means of exchange , we must have separation of money and state .
Ever since the dawn of the Windows operating system , Microsoft has used Splash Screens as a means of distracting us while the operating system is loading .
In addition to their entertainment value , the Windows splash screens typically provide us with some sort of feedback on the progress of the sometimes lengthy startup process .
In this gallery , you ’ll be able to browse through all the splash screens from Windows 1.01 to Windows 7 .
Published : June 18 , 2010 -- 06:51 GMT ( 07:51 BST ) Caption by : Greg Shultz
New York ( CNN ) -- Football Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor was indicted Wednesday on charges of rape and endangering the welfare of a child , stemming from an alleged sexual rendezvous with a 16 - year - old in May , a suburban New York prosecutor 's office said .
The indictment includes one count of rape in the third degree , one count of criminal sexual acts in the third degree , two counts of sexual abuse in the third degree , one count of endangering the welfare of a child , and one count of patronizing a prostitute in the third degree , according to the Rockland County district attorney 's office .
It also alleges that Taylor paid the minor $ 300 in exchange for performing sexual acts , the release says .
If convicted , Taylor could be sentenced to up to four years in prison , it says .
Taylor , 51 , was arrested in a Ramapo , New York , Holiday Inn room on May 6 , a few hours after the alleged rape took place , authorities said at the time .
Ramapo is about 30 miles northwest of New York City .
He was released on $ 75,000 bail at a hearing on May 6 .
He was not asked to enter a plea .
Taylor 's attorney , Arthur Aidala , told reporters after the bail hearing that the former National Football League star " is denying and preparing to fight each and every one of those charges . "
Aidala said " no violence , no force , no threat , no weapons " were involved in the case .
He noted that the rape charge against Taylor was for consensual sex with a minor , and said Taylor denied it .
Ramapo Town Supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence and Police Chief Peter Brower told reporters after the incident that the alleged victim was a runaway from New York 's Bronx borough and had been brought to Ramapo by a pimp .
The girl texted an uncle after she returned to New York City the next day , and the uncle notified the New York City police , prompting the arrest of Taylor and the alleged pimp , St. Lawrence said .
Taylor was cooperative with authorities , he said .
Taylor was a 10 - time all - pro linebacker for the New York Giants from 1981 to 1993 after earning All - American honors at the University of North Carolina .
He played on two Super Bowl champion teams and was inducted into the National Football League 's Hall of Fame , which noted that he " redefined the way the outside linebacker position was played . "
However , Taylor was twice suspended by the NFL for substance abuse and battled a cocaine addiction long after retirement , resulting in several arrests and a downward spiral that he chronicled in a 2003 autobiography .
After kicking drugs , he worked as a sports commentator and appeared as a contestant on ABC's " Dancing With the Stars " in 2009 .
Brower said police found a bottle of alcohol in Taylor 's hotel room , but Taylor showed no sign of inebriation .
He said no drugs were found in the room .
Mark Lepselter , Taylor 's agent , told reporters in May that Taylor was very upset about the charges against him .
" He 's worked very hard over the last 12 years to change perceptions about him , " Lepselter said .
CNN 's Ross Levitt , Alan Chernoff and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .
It was an essential part of US soldiers ' uniforms , but Velcro 's ripping noise betrays their position to the enemy – and gets clogged with dirt
Is this the end of the line for Velcro ?
According to USA
Today , the US army has decided to ditch that once most fashionable and space - age of fasteners from the pockets of trousers issued to soldiers in Afghanistan , and replace it with the humble button .
The Velcro fasteners have , apparently , been failing to cope with bulging pockets – as well as collecting dirt and sand and even , with that unmistakable , fingers - on - blackboard ripping sound , betraying soldiers ' positions to the enemy .
US sergeant Kenny Hatten wrote on an army website , " Buttons are silent , work just fine in the mud , do not clog up with dirt and do not fray and disintegrate with repeated laundering . "
Let us pause for a moment to mourn Velcro 's fall from grace .
A Swiss engineer , George de Mestral , came up with its ingenious hook - and - pile design in 1948 , after returning from an Alpine hunting trip to find his dog's fur covered with tenaciously sticky burdock burrs .
Its heyday came with the Apollo missions , when astronauts used it to help them get in and out of spacesuits , and to keep their pens and foodtrays handy .
Velcro soon became the fashionable fastener of choice : in 1967 , this newspaper fawned over a collection of Sioux Indian - style " ankle - to - calf gaiters " , featuring some distinctly natty Velcro fastenings .
It was even , apparently , used to hold together a human heart during the first artificial - heart surgery .
Now , of course , Velcro is confined mainly to ski-suits , aeroplane antimacassars , trainers and the art of Velcro - jumping , in which fun-seekers launch themselves against a Velcro - covered inflatable wall – which sounds a lot less dangerous than realising that the enemy can hear you opening your pockets in the desert .
for devices rooted with a test image
Download the fake - flash update zip from one of the links below
Copy the update.zip to the root of your SD card ( the name MUST remain as update.zip )
Turn on your device with ' volume down ' pressed and select ' Recovery '
When the exclamation mark appears , press and hold ' volume up ' then press ' power '
Select the second option , ' Apply sdcard:update.zip
That 's it , ClockworkMod recovery should launch !
This morning , Koush and I have been working on / stumbling through getting recovery running on a Desire without using a PC .
The same technique also applies to the Legend .
Presenting ...
Fake - flash using a similar concept to the original root method , it launches a recovery image from the test image recovery , but instead of pushing the files from a PC , the files are extracted from an update .zip on the SD card .
Here 's how it works ... This is Recovery ROM which eliminates the need to have a PC to initiate Custom ROM loading process .
Currently on a Rooted " Desire " : you will need to put your phone in Recovery Mode ( Power up phone while pressing Volume Down Key , then Select Recovery Option ) and then Run a Batch file ( eg. Recovery - windows.bat ) from PC while phone is connected via USB Cable .
This will put the phone on Customer ROM recovery / Loading Mode .
Please check Paul 's excellent methods found on MoDaCo .
ClockWork eliminates this requirement of PC / Laptop .
If you have / Downloaded ClockWork ROM ( Latest is 2.0.1.4 ) , you can always copy this on you SD Card as " update.zip " .
While in Standard Recovery Mode ( Power up phone while pressing Volume Down Key , then Select Recovery Option ) Press " Up " Volume Key and Power Button .
You will get Standard Android Recovery Menu .
Load the update.zip .
Once you do this ClockWork will show you the Custom Rom Loading Menus .
From there you could load Any Customer ROM stored on your SD Card .
However , to make this simple , you should use ROM Manager Application which integrates everything together .
With ROM Manager you could Select Custom ROM while the Phone is Running normally and Install them easily .
To download ROM Manager and ClockWork ROM for different phones directly check :
Neat eh ?
Just to caveat this initial release , we 've yet to carry out extensive testing and you are constrained somewhat by the limitations of the stock kernel ( e.g. no support for EXT4 ) .
That 's it for now ... enjoy ... i'll update this post as further advances are made .
If you 'd like to support Koush 's work , consider buying ' ROM Manager Premium ' from the Android Market .
The next Rock Band may actually live up to its promise and teach you how to play music — or at the very least , learn how to play selected songs from the Rock Band 3 soundtrack .
Advertisement
Thanks to Rock Band 3's new Pro mode for guitar , drums and , yes , keyboard , every single note on the game 's song list will be tracked .
Developer Harmonix showed this beyond - expert level mode at a pre-E3 event along with its new keyboard controller and the new 102 button , six string Fender Mustang created by peripheral maker Mad Catz .
While we did n't get a chance to test it , Harmonix and Mad Catz will be releasing a three cymbal expansion set the Rock Band drum controller , with cymbal hits accurately mapped to that expansion in Rock Band Pro mode .
Advertisement
Rock Band 3's new two - octave keyboard controller is the most natural feeling music peripheral of the bunch .
It feels no different from an entry level electronic keyboard , sporting 25 keys and a MIDI output along with standard controller buttons and a handle that will let you play in the keytar style if you choose .
Just like The Beatles : Rock Band , Rock Band 3 will support 3 - part vocal harmonies in some songs .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The good news for actual musicians ?
If you already have a MIDI keyboard or MIDI drum set , you can opt for the Rock Band 3 MIDI Pro Adapter Box .
The device will convert MIDI messages into console controller data and includes on - board console navigation buttons that will let players navigate the game 's menus .
Advertisement
While many of the songs available in the demo version of Rock Band 3 that we played featured keyboard parts , like Night Ranger 's " Sister Christian " and Huey Lewis and the News ' " The Power of Love , " for songs that do n't have a keyboard line , Harmonix says that players will be able to play guitar or bass parts on the peripheral .
Picking up the keyboard is simple .
In standard difficulties , players need to mind five keys , color coded to the appropriate notes on the familiar Rock Band note highway .
The keys themselves are easily identified with a colored strip that spans those five keys .
Advertisement
In Pro Mode , however , the entire keyboard is fair game , with a second color - coded strip on the controller that spans the entire keyboard and color indicators on the note highway that shift left to right indicating the required position .
Advertisement
While Harmonix reps say they expect to have all of Rock Band 3's songs transcribed for Pro Mode difficulty , its plans for back catalog titles , like the keyboard heavy debut album from Boston , are still up in the air .
Reps indicated they did n't want to re-charge players for older songs .
Advertisement
Just as intriguing as the potential to genuinely learn how to play Rock Band 3 songs on a keyboard controller was the game 's brave new guitar controller .
With 17 frets and six strings , the Mad Catz created controller features an astounding 102 buttons built into its neck .
Harmonix showcased a demo of Dio's " Rainbow in the Dark " in Rock Band Pro mode , which , in a word , looked insane , each fret , each note seemingly accurately mapped for play .
The Rock Band 3 Fender Mustang
Pro guitar controller is , like the keyboard , a fully functional MIDI controller .
Advertisement
We got a chance to go hands on with a prototype of the device , exceedingly clear that it was a prototype .
The strings on the Pro guitar controller felt soft and realistic , while the fret buttons felt soft and spongy when depressed , capable of providing the necessary tactile feedback when presented with 102 buttons .
While it 's doubtful that the Rock Band 3 Fender Mustang Pro guitar controller will , alone , teach anyone how to play the guitar , it looks like a solid learning tool .
Since it will accurately map individual notes and chords , players can learn the basic chord progression and riffs of their favorite songs , thanks to Rock Band .
Who needs tablature or the skill to actually read music ?
OK , you may eventually need that , but it 's a good foundation .
Advertisement
On the software side , Harmonix is making it easier for players to get in and out of Rock Band .
In the third major iteration , Harmonix is including full drop in , drop out play in every mode .
Every user has their own menu in Rock Band 3 , designed to avoid the confusing stumble of navigating the game 's menus , which could be manipulated by anyone in previous versions .
At any point , an individual player can modify his or her difficulty options without interrupting the group .
Advertisement
In Rock Band 3 , Harmonix is also making it easier to navigate a massive library of songs , letting players set up filters based on song length , game , number of vocal parts , decade of release , genre and more .
Players can also create and edit set lists , share them and compete in set list battles , which can be issued to other players via Facebook and Twitter .
Rock Band 3's other main modes include Career , which Harmonix claims will focus on skill , not a grind , and Road Challenges , which were pitched as " Band World Tour meets Mario Party . "
Advertisement
MTV Games and Harmonix plan to ship Rock Band 3 with 80 - plus songs on the game disc with songs from previous versions easily importable .
Rock band 3 is due for release sometime during the holidays of 2010 .
For another look at Rock Band 3's interface and visual style , check out the gallery below .
Tate Ainsworth
If , like me , you 're among the thinking few , you 're pretty disgusted with what passes for radio these days .
Turn anywhere on your FM dial , and you 're likely to hear the sound of some enormous multinational media conglomerate anesthetizing the masses with its spoon - fed pablum .
From
Hot 96 to Z - 104 , these stations are all the same : pre-packaged , focus - grouped DJs selling a bill of false goods to lobotomized teens who do n't know the difference between revolution and repetition .
Even non-commercial , so - called " public " radio is just a cog in the Great American Money Machine .
Advertisement
Well , I , for one , have had enough .
It 's time to shake up the status quo and put a little fear in the heart of the Establishment .
Yes , consider this an official declaration of war : Look out , Corporate America , here comes my pirate radio station !
Last Friday , Radio Free
Tate , the city 's first and only broadcast forum for the disenfranchised voices of the country , went on the air .
Located somewhere between 89.5 and 91.3 FM , Radio Free Tate is going to let corporate America have it with both barrels : the truths they 're afraid to say and the songs they 're afraid to play .
Advertisement
I may not have the broadcast range of a big station , but I compress a whole lot of rebellion into a six - block radius .
You 'd better believe this mouse is going to roar .
And , unlike the rest of the world , I 'm not interested in feeding my audience a steady diet of nothing .
While most radio listeners are complacently soaking in the latest teeny - pop brain sedative or the semi-digested pap of the Tweedledee & Tweedledum Morning Zoo show , I 'm out there telling it like it is .
I 'm not afraid to talk about the class war against the poor , the deplorable state of popular music , or the sham election that put Dubya into the Whitewash House .
Corporate America , you 'd better watch your backside , because there 's a new sheriff on your radio dial !
Advertisement
I had no idea starting a pirate radio station would be so easy .
All I needed was a microphone , a PLL transmitter , a Comet antenna , a 20 - watt dummy load kit , a 6 - watt amplifier , some old Minor Threat and Bad Brains records , and a self - constructed broadcast booth in my basement .
It 's so simple , I 'm surprised more people do n't do it .
Then again , how many people have the guts ?
After all , I 'm living outside the law .
I know for a fact that the government and the corporate fatcats would love to shut me down .
They do n't want people to hear what I 'm dishing out .
Well , tough !
I 'm going to bring The Man to his knees , one song at a time .
A bunch of my friends have already said that when they 're in my neighborhood , they keep their radios tuned to Radio Free Tate .
You 're probably thinking they 're just saying that because they 're my friends , but they 're not .
Where else are they going to hear Black Flag 's " TV Party " followed by a scathing anti-PepsiCo editorial followed by Gang Of Four 's " Guns Before Butter " ?
On K - Rock ?
I think not .
Advertisement
A desperately needed home for alternative ideas , Radio Free Tate will provide a forum for the forumless , a voice for the voiceless .
I tried doing a call - in segment last Saturday , but the masses were n't quite ready for it after spending so many years imprisoned in corporate radio's shackles .
( A case of Stockholm Syndrome if there ever was one . )
All I got were two 12 - year olds making fart noises with their hands and requests for ( ugh ) Ja Rule and ( double ugh ) Nickelback .
Clearly , these people are so hooked on the Pop Narcotic , they lack the faculties to appreciate my blend of hardcore punk with take - no - prisoners commentary on Generalissimo Bush 's real motivations for the so - called war on terror .
When I 'm not shooting truth straight from the hip , I 'm getting down .
While much of the playlist is drawn from classic SoCal and D.C. punk , you 'll hear everything from Roky Erickson to Neu ! to Burning Spear .
I throw in some old - school hip - hop , some No Wave , a little spoken word , and some free jazz .
Once , I played the entire Tony Conrad box set as a big " fuck you " to all the mainstream DJs who are too chickenshit to play experimental composers .
And , once in a while , I take a cue from rap pioneer DJ Cool Herc and mix it up by " scratching " my records .
Try finding that on your average station !
Advertisement
I 'd encourage all of you to tune in to Radio Free Tate .
Like I said , it 's somewhere between 89.5 and 91.3 on your radio dial — depending on which side of Maplewood Street you 're on .
Before long , you 'll be able to find our listening area simply by paying attention to who suddenly goes through a political revival .
They 'll start using less , caring more , and voting with their hearts and minds rather than their wallets .
And they 'll be listening to the best mix of music you wo n't hear anywhere else .
Find that neighborhood , and you 've found Radio Free Tate .
Oh , and one more thing : Corporate America can suck it .
Your brain is hungry .
That big gray calculating machine in your head is an energy hog that needs lots of calories — more than the diet of fruits and plants that our distant hominin ancestors probably ate could provide .
It 's a mystery , then , just how human ancestors like Homo erectus — who were around when our craniums started to expand in a hurry — ate enough to start growing big brains .
But buried in Kenya , a two - million - year - old hint has emerged :
Those hominins started eating seafood way back then , archaeologists say .
Near a place called Lake Turkana , archaeologists David Braun found two intriguing groups of items :
The bones of fish , turtles , and even crocodiles with the scars of stone tools still showing , and stone fragments that Braun says come from the simple tools these hominins used to carve up the marine animals .
He and his colleagues report the find of our ancestors ' ancient feast in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Today , their leftovers — in the form of hundreds of bones and several thousand stone tools — are the earliest “ definitive evidence ” of hominins butchering and eating aquatic animals , which are rich in fatty acids essential for growing bigger brains [ ScienceNOW ] .
If the hominins of this time dined on the bounty of the sea , Braun says , they could have ingested the calories and fatty acids needed for accelerated brain growth without resorting to scavenging for animal remains , which would have brought our small ancestors in competition with large and fierce predators .
Braun thinks river and lake floodplains of the sort that preserved his fossils gave early hominids a low - risk hunting opportunity .
“ As lakes and rivers flooded and receded , animals could have been caught .
The remains could be easily collected , ” he said .
Humanity ’s ancestors “ could have entered the higher trophic level without taking on the risks ” [ Wired.com ] .
If Braun is correct , then this was a stroke of good fortune in humanity 's history .
The hominins who would have lived at that time and place did n't have the cognitive wherewithal to get organized and hunt , but since floodwaters left fish at their feet , they did n't need to .
And the Kenya site itself is remarkable in archaeological terms .
From thousands of bones , the team was able to reconstruct at least 10 individual animals that the early humans killed and carved up at the site .
Says Braun :
" At sites of this age we often consider ourselves lucky if we find any bone associated with stone tools , but here we found everything from small bird bones to hippopotamus leg bones " [ Times of India ] .
Related Content : DISCOVER : Cooking Ourselves
DISCOVER : What Does Science Say You Should Eat ?
Gene Expression : Catching Fire : How Cooking Made Us Human
, review 80 beats : Homo Erectus Women Had Big- Brained Babies , New Fossil Suggests
Image : David Braun
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the course of trying to prove that its “ enhanced ” interrogation program was legal , the Bush administration may have broken the law , according to a new report ( PDF ) by Physicians for Human Rights .
The watchdog group claims that in an attempt to establish that brutal interrogation tactics did not constitute torture , the administration ended up effectively experimenting on terrorism detainees .
This research , PHR alleges , violated an array of regulations and treaties , including international guidelines on human testing put in place after the Holocaust .
According to the report , which draws on numerous declassified government documents , “ medical professionals working for and on behalf of the CIA ” frequently monitored detainee interrogations , gathering data on the effectiveness of various interrogation techniques and the pain threshholds of detainees .
This information was then used to “ enhance ” future interrogations , PHR contends .
By monitoring post -9/11 interrogations and keeping records on the effectiveness of various techniques , medical professionals could also provide Bush administration lawyers with the information they needed to set guidelines for the use of so - called “ enhanced ” interrogation tactics .
For instance , attorneys in the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) who were devising the legal rationale for the interrogation program could use the research to determine how many times a detainee could be waterboarded .
Or , based on the observations of the medical personnel monitoring the interrogation sessions , they could assess whether it was legally justifiable to administer techniques like stress positions or water dousing in combination or whether these methods needed to be applied separately .
Physicians for Human Rights makes the case that since human subject research is defined as the “ systematic collection of data and / or identifiable personal information for the purpose of drawing generalizable inferences , ” what the Bush administration was doing amounted to human experimentation :
Human experimentation without the consent of the subject is a violation of international human rights law to which the United States is subject ; federal statutes ; the Common Rule , which comprises the federal regulations for research on human subjects and applies to 17 federal agencies , including the Central Intelligence Agency and the Department of Defense ; and universally accepted health professional ethics , including the Nuremberg Code … Human experimentation on detainees also can constitute a war crime and a crime against humanity in certain circumstances .
Ironically , one goal of the “ experimentation ” seems to have been to immunize Bush administration officials and CIA interrogators from potential prosecution for torture .
In the series of legal papers that are now popularly known as the “ torture memos , ” Justice Department lawyers argued that medical monitoring would demonstrate that interrogators did n’t intend to harm detainees ; that “ lack of intent to cause harm ” could then serve as the cornerstone of a legal defense should an interrogator be targeted for prosecution .
In 2003 , in an internal CIA memo cited in the PHR report , the CIA ’s general counsel , Scott Muller , argued that medical monitoring of interrogations and “ reviewing evidence gained from past experience where available ( including experience gained in the course of U.S. interrogations of detainees ) ” would allow interrogators to inoculate themselves against claims of torture because it “ established ” they did n’t intend to cause harm to the detainees .
The Bush administration believed that the medical teams could boost their legal defense in another way , too .
In the memos , the OLC lawyers formulated a legal threshold for the level of pain that constituted torture .
In a memo drafted on March 14 , 2003 , John Yoo , a primary author of the torture memos , defined that boundary as treatment leading to “ long - term ” mental harm or pain and suffering equal to or greater than that caused by organ failure or death .
So one purpose of the medical monitoring project was to insure that the techniques interrogators were using did not breach that bright line .
One document cited in the PHR report highlights this practice especially well .
On May 10 , 2005 , then - OLC head Steven Bradbury wrote to then - CIA acting general counsel John Rizzo about the legality of using multiple interrogation techniques simultaneously , as opposed to one by one .
Referring directly to data gathered by the CIA ’s Office of Medical Services , Bradbury decided that both methods were okay :
But as we understand the experience involving the combination of various techniques , the OMS medical and psychological personnel have not observed any such increase in susceptibility .
Other than the waterboard , the specific techniques under consideration in this memorandum — including sleep deprivation — have been applied to more than 25 detainees . …
No apparent increase in susceptibility to severe pain has been observed either when techniques are used sequentially or when they are used simultaneously — for example , when an insult slap is simultaneously combined with water dousing or a kneeling stress position , or when wall standing is simultaneously combined with an abdominal slap and water dousing .
Nor does experience show that , even apart from changes in susceptibility to pain , combinations of these techniques cause the techniques to operate differently so as to cause severe pain .
OMS doctors and psychologists , moreover , confirm that they expect that the techniques , when combined … would not operate in a different manner from the way they do individually , so as to cause severe pain .
It ’s possible , of course , that the data about detainees ’ “ susceptibility to pain ” was collected as part of standard medical monitoring of interrogations .
But PHR says that does n’t matter : it ’s clear that ” the collection of medical information was acquired and applied to inform subsequent [ interrogation ] practices , ” which amounts to illicit human subject research .
PHR claims that in addition to the data on simultaneous and sequential application of interrogation techniques , the experimentation program focused on two other areas of research : the safety and effectiveness of waterboarding and the effects of sleep deprivation .
In each case , PHR points to declassified documents in which Bush administration officials acknowledge how medical information gathered during interrogations is being aggregated and used to inform future questioning .
There is some evidence to suggest that someone in the Bush administration may have realized they could be vulnerable to charges of illegal experimentation .
The Military Commissions Act , passed by Congress in 2006 , amended the 1996 War Crimes Act , a law that imposes criminal penalties for “ grave breaches ” of the Geneva Conventions .
Specifically , the language on illegal “ biological experiments ” was weakened .
The new law no longer requires that an experiment be carried out in the interest of the subject in order to be legal .
( Research on how to make torture more effective is clearly not in the interest of the person who is going to be tortured . )
In addition , it allows experiments that do not “ endanger ” the subject — rather than simply prohibiting all experiments that “ are not justified by the medical , dental , or hospital treatment of the prisoner concerned and carried out in his interest , ” as the previous version did .
The PHR report does n’t produce a smoking gun — there ’s no memo saying “ we ’re going to experiment on detainees . ”
The organization acknowledges as much , noting that none of the actual medical monitoring data from interrogations has ever been made public .
PHR says that only a “ comprehensive federal investigation ” can answer the questions raised by its report .
But do n’t hold your breath for one .
To date , the “ enhanced interrogation ” program itself has yet to be fully probed .
UPDATE : Here ’s a video of faith leaders responding to the PHR report and calling for an investigation .
Support The Troops ?
By : John Caruso
[ Since Jon 's been writing about the Wikileaks video , I thought I 'd repost this article from 2006 .
Please pardon the uneven link quality — many of the original links have gone bad since the posting was first published , so I 've replaced them with the best versions I could find . ]
With the attention being focused on the massacre in Haditha ( and now Ishaqi as well ) , and the utterly predictable efforts by conservatives to downplay these horrible crimes and to stifle dissent with their endlessly repeated bromide of " support the troops , " I thought it would be good to recall some examples from the past few years of just what it is we 're being asked to support .
From the New York Times :
" We had a great day , " Sergeant Schrumpf said .
" We killed a lot of people . " ...
But more than once , Sergeant Schrumpf said , he faced a different choice : one Iraqi soldier standing among two or three civilians .
He recalled one such incident , in which he and other men in his unit opened fire .
He recalled watching one of the women standing near the Iraqi soldier go down .
" I 'm sorry , " the sergeant said .
" But the chick was in the way . "
From Reuters :
Two soldiers picked out two figures on a rooftop and quickly lined up their shot .
Thankfully , First Sgt. Eric Engram saw them and also saw their target .
“ No man , that 's a kid and a woman .
It 's a KID and a WOMAN , ” he bellowed , and his soldiers lowered their rifles .
" These guys are young and most just want to get their first confirmed kill , so they 're too anxious to get off shots .
I hate to say ‘ bragging rights ’ but they want that kill , ” Engram said an hour later .
Can you imagine what kind of mindset makes a person not just happy , not just proud , but eager to brag about killing another human being ?
And can you imagine the ( military ) culture in which bragging about killing another human being is considered a badge of honor ?
I can't either .
From the Scotsman ( or see also the London Times ) :
US marine , Corporal Ryan Dupre , surveying the scene by the bridge at An Nasiriyah , said : " The Iraqis are sick people and we are the chemotherapy .
I am starting to hate this country .
Wait till I get hold of a friggin’ Iraqi .
No I wo n’t get hold of one - I ’ll kill him . "
From Reuters :
A tracked armored vehicle has crushed two men up the road .
" Killed one , ripped the legs off another , " Monty said briskly , a cigarette dangling from his lip .
From Newsday :
" It 's like you 're fighting a faceless enemy , " said Cpl. Jeb Moser , 21 , of Ruston , La .
" They 're all just ragheads to me , the same way they used to call the enemy ' gooks ' in Vietnam . "
" Raghead , raghead , ca n't you see ?
This old war ain't -- to me , " sang Lance Cpl. Christopher Akins , 21 , of Louisville , Ky. , sweat running down his face in rivulets as he dug a fighting trench one recent afternoon under a blazing sun .
Asked whom he considered a raghead , Akins said : " Anybody who actively opposes the United States of America 's way ...
If a little kid actively opposes my way of life , I 'd call him a raghead , too . "
From Editor and Publisher :
" We splashed that bastard , " a Western eyewitness quoted one Marine as saying to another after they 'd shot an Iraqi dead .
From the Las Vegas Review - Journal :
The 20 - year veteran of the Marine Corps said he found the soldier after dark inside a nearby home with the grenade launcher next to him .
Covarrubias said he ordered the man to stop and turn around .
" I went behind him and shot him in the back of the head , " Covarrubias said .
" Twice . "
Did he feel any remorse for executing a man who 'd surrendered to him ?
No ; in fact , he 'd taken the man 's ID card off of his dead body to keep as a souvenir .
From the Daily Mirror :
" There was no dilemma when it came to shooting people who were not in uniform , I just pulled the trigger .
" It was up close and personal the whole time , there was n't a big distance .
If they were there , they were enemy , whether in uniform or not .
Some were , some were n't . "
Describing the scene during combat Richardson admitted shooting injured soldiers and leaving them to die .
He said : " S*** , I did n't help any of them .
I would n't help the f******.
There were some you let die .
And there were some you double - tapped . "
Making a shooting sign with his hand he went on : " Once you 'd reached the objective , and once you 'd shot them and you 're moving through , anything there , you shoot again .
You did n't want any prisoners of war .
You hate them so bad while you 're fighting , and you 're so terrified , you can't really convey the feeling , but you do n't want them to live . "
And despite there being no link between Iraq and the September 11 attacks Richardson admitted that it gave him his motivation to fight Iraqis .
" There 's a picture of the World Trade Centre hanging up by my bed and I keep one in my flak jacket .
Every time I feel sorry for these people I look at that .
I think , ' They hit us at home and , now , it 's our turn . '
I do n't want to say payback but , you know , it 's pretty much payback . "
Perhaps if someone in Richardson 's family is ever killed , he can go pick someone at random off the street and torture them to death ; that would really give the killers their " payback , " would n't it ?
Note also the phrasing : " I do n't want to say payback . "
Just like " I hate to say ' bragging rights ' . "
The reticence is telling .
These are the dirty little truths that lie behind all the elevated rhetoric and noble words .
These are the things you 're not supposed to admit are lurking in the shadows , so that you wo n't disrupt the elevated fantasies of the cheerleaders for war .
From the Los Angeles Times :
" I enjoy killing Iraqis , " says Staff Sgt. William Deaton , 30 , who killed a hostile fighter the night before .
Deaton has lost a good friend in Iraq .
" I just feel rage , hate when I 'm out there .
I feel like I carry it all the time .
We talk about it .
We all feel the same way . "
" I enjoy killing Iraqis . "
Does that sound horrific to you ?
Think it would to any normal human being ?
Unfortunately , you 're wrong ; some people liked it so much they made a sticker out of it .
Then again , maybe you 're right , since anyone who would celebrate such viciousness is n't a normal human being -- or at least that 's how I like to think of the world .
From the Seattle Times :
" I want to know if I killed that guy yesterday , " Hall says .
" I saw blood spurt from his leg , but I want to be sure I killed him . "
No , it was n't enough for Hall to watch the blood spurt from his victim 's leg ; he wants to know the man was dead , and that he was the cause of it .
After all , he wants those bragging rights .
This article does at least contain some notes of humanity .
One man struggles to reconcile what he 's become with what he used to be , and what he hopes to be again :
The vehicle goes silent as the driver , Spc. Joshua Dubois , swerves around asphalt previously uprooted by a blast .
" I 'm confused about how I should feel about killing , " says Dubois , who has a toddler back home .
" The first time I shot someone , it was the most exhilarating thing I 'd ever felt . "
Dubois turns back to the road .
" We talk about killing all the time , " he says .
" I never used to talk this way .
I 'm not proud of it , but it 's like I can't stop .
I 'm worried what I will be like when I get home . "
That 's what the culture does : it turns normal , sane people into people who are obsessed with killing other people ( " we talk about killing all the time ... it 's like I can't stop " ) .
Roll that fact around in your mind for a few moments .
All of us should be worried what it will like when they get home , and bring with them these lessons they learned in Iraq .
But I 've saved the worst for last .
This is from the East Bay Express , in an article about a web site on which American soldiers can get free access to online pornography by posting their trophy photos of dead and mutilated Iraqis :
Six men in beige fatigues , identified as US Marines , laugh and smile for the camera while pointing at a burned , charcoal - black corpse lying at their feet .
The captions that accompany these images , which were apparently written by soldiers who posted them , laugh and gloat over the bodies .
The person who posted a picture of a corpse lying in a pool of his own brains and entrails wrote , “ What every Iraqi should look like . ”
The photograph of a corpse whose jaw has apparently rotted away , leaving a gaping set of upper teeth , bears the caption “ bad day for this dude . ”
One person posted three photographs of corpses lying in the street and titled his collection “ DIE HAJI DIE . ”
There 's no shred of humanity here at all .
Did the military turn these people into psychopaths , or did it just give them an outlet for what was already inside them ?
In the end it does n't matter ; this is an inevitable result of putting people into a system in which killing another human being is treated as a badge of honor , rather than as the debasing , dehumanizing , horrific act that it is .
If you ever find yourself about to say that you " support the troops , " I hope you 'll remember these quotes -- and the lessons they teach -- and realize exactly what it is you 're supporting .
— John Caruso
Posted at April 7 , 2010 03:39 AM
NEW ORLEANS ( Reuters ) -
At least 150 sea turtles have washed up dead or dying along the U.S. Gulf Coast since the giant oil spill off Louisiana , a higher number than normal for this time of year , a leading wildlife expert said on Monday .
The toll among sea turtles has been steadily rising since the deep - sea well ruptured last month , and the stranding count began to reach an unusually high level in the past week , said Dr. Michael Ziccardi , a veterinarian overseeing some of the area ’s wildlife rescue teams .
Several days ago , when the number of dead turtles stood at just over 100 , federal wildlife officials said that was still considered typical for the season .
Wildlife officials are especially concerned for the well - being of sea turtles in the Gulf following the spill because all five species native to the region are endangered , and they are just heading into their spring nesting season .
This is a time of year when dead or debilitated turtles would normally begin to show up with greater frequency , but the 156 found since April 30 along the coasts of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida “ are in higher numbers than you would expect , ” Ziccardi said .
None of the animals had obvious signs of oil contamination .
But , because of their proximity to the spill , they are being treated as possible victims of the crude oil that has been gushing from the ruptured wellhead since April 20 , he said .
The 12 confirmed dead dolphin strandings along the same four Gulf Coast states , Ziccardi said , were “ more or less in line ” with what would normally be found for the same period of time without an oil spill .
No outward signs of oiling were detected on the dolphins either , and only one full necropsy has been performed to date .
Ziccardi , director of the Oiled Wildlife Care Network in California , a hub for the world ’s leading experts in capturing and caring for oil - soaked sea life , is the chief coordinator for teams across the Gulf tracking the status of turtles and marine mammals .
He spoke to Reuters outside his office at a spill response command center near Houma , Louisiana .
No whales or manatees have been reported dead since the spill , though several sperm whales were spotted swimming in and around the oil slick , Ziccardi said .
Wildlife specialists said there has been relatively little impact on bird life so far .
Energy giant BP
Plc said it has begun to have some success in containing the oil in the last two days .
A FORENSIC INVESTIGATION
Of 156 turtles collected as of Monday , eight were still alive when found , and six of those survived and are undergoing rehabilitation .
“ They ’re looking good , ” he said .
The rest range from relatively complete carcasses to specimens consisting of little more than a shell .
Turtles known to have died before the spill , or thought to have been sick or injured beforehand , are not included in the tally .
Necropsies , the animal equivalent of an autopsy , have been performed on 40 turtles so far .
And tissue samples taken from as many specimens as possible are being analyzed for abnormally high chemical levels associated with oil contamination .
Initial necropsy results are expected in a few days , but laboratory tests of the tissue samples will likely take weeks to complete .
In many cases these results are needed to make a conclusive finding about the cause of an animal ’s death .
In some instances , it may be difficult to rule out other possible causes of death , such as illness or exposure to some toxin other than oil .
“ It ’s a complex puzzle , and what we ’re doing is putting together all the pieces and trying to get the correct answer of whether or not the animals have been oiled , ” Ziccardi said .
One possible reason for the higher - than - normal count of dead turtles could be the intensive effort to monitor the region ’s wildlife with hundreds of individuals patrolling the shoreline for dead or distressed animals .
He acknowledged that some cases will remain inconclusive , and it will ultimately be up to damage assessment teams to determine what the likely death toll was due to oil pollution , based in part on mathematical “ modeling . ”
The “ chain of custody ” for each sample collected is rigorously documented , the way evidence is for a criminal forensic investigation , Ziccardi said .
Here is a look at the Harvest by Haroshi : Skate and Destroy Exhibition we told you about a few days ago ( here ) .
Currently on show at the plasmids gallery in Tokyo till the 27th .
Haroshi creates a series of playful artworks making use of old skateboards and broken decks .
“ Skate decks eventually see its life shortened by snapping , cracking and / or wearing out .
Purchasing new decks is a never - ending cycle and this was evident by the tower of old decks that were reaching to the ceiling of my room .
We ca n’t throw away these decks because they hold sentimental meanings to us .
I looked at these unusable decks every day and thought there must be something I can make with these .
I decided to make some accessories with the old decks and this was the birth of Harvest .
The works of Harvest are through the perspectives of a skater and as an artist .
As a skater , I want to take responsibility for reusing skateboards when they were no longer useable .
Also , as an artist , I want to explore the possibilities of what can be done with skateboards .
We see the care and effort that a skater can have for his / her deck and we also acknowledge the origins of a skateboard .
We believe that if the small things we do can connect to sustainability then we ’re doing something right .
We ’d be satisfied in our effort when people look at products and start thinking of ways to recycle . ”
Take a look at the images from the gallery courtesy of Brandon Shegeta .
Elba Esther Gordillo negó y calificó de falso que los maestros se opongan a que los padres participen en la educación
[ email protected ] La Secretaría de Educación Pública ( SEP ) dio a conocer los lineamientos generales para la reactivación de los Consejos Escolares de Participación Social , con los que se convocará a los padres de familia a involucrarse con los maestros para mejorar la calidad no sólo de la educación , sino de la infraestructura escolar y hacer transparente el uso de recursos públicos y los que ellos aportan a través de las llamadas “ cuotas voluntarias ” .
A 17 años de que se expidió la ley que creó los consejos , el presidente Felipe Calderón criticó que menos de la mitad de los estados haya logrado ese cometido .
De las 196 mil escuelas públicas del país , sólo 88 mil conformaron consejos , pero , dijo , “ buena parte son infuncionales ” .
Ante la presidenta del Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Educación ( SNTE ) , Elba Esther Gordillo , líderes seccionales , representantes de organizaciones no gubernamentales y padres de familia , el mandatario dijo que las deficiencias de la educación en el pasado explican los problemas actuales .
El Presidente afirmó que “ no es posible ” , que “ no se vale ” pensar en dejar a los niños a su suerte y toda la carga al maestro , sino que se trata de buscar la participación de los padres .
“ Más que interesados [ estamos ] todos los que somos responsables de la educación de esos niños .
Porque no es posible , no se vale dejar simple y sencillamente a los niños a su suerte en la escuela , ni dejar toda la carga de los niños al maestro , ni tampoco toda la carga a los padres en lo que pueden hacer en su casa ” , dijo .
Elba Esther Gordillo negó y calificó de falso que los maestros se opongan a que los padres participen en la educación .
Dijo que hoy , además de dotar a la escuela de estrategias para mejorar su desempeño , es momento de “ revisar ” el proceso de federalización educativa , para evitar que estados como Nuevo León “ estén muy distantes de los objetivos que obtienen Oaxaca y Chiapas ” .
Papás en trabajo conjunto
Entre las tareas que asumirán los padres de familia a través de los consejos — según los lineamientos publicados en el Diario Oficial de la Federación bajo el acuerdo secretarial 535 — está la de dar seguimiento a las evaluaciones del sistema educativo , entre ellas pruebas como la Evaluación Nacional de Logro Académico en Centros Escolares ( ENLACE ) , y promover metas para mejorar de un año a otro .
El acuerdo secretarial marca , entre otras funciones , que los consejos deberán promover actividades en los programas federales de lectura , mejorar la infraestructura del plantel , impulsar la protección civil y la seguridad en las escuelas , e incidir en la activación física .
También buscarán desalentar las prácticas que generen violencia entre pares ; vigilar establecimientos de consumo escolar e impulsar el cuidado del medio ambiente .
Cada uno de los consejos tendrá que inscribirse al Registro Público Nacional y los cargos serán honoríficos .
A siete meses de que EL UNIVERSAL diera a conocer la red de intereses que hay en torno de los establecimientos de consumo escolar y en las llamadas “ cuotas voluntarias ” , la SEP planteó que los recursos recabados por los consejos se transparenten seis meses después de iniciado el ciclo escolar , es decir , en febrero .
El presidente de la Federación Nacional de Asociaciones de Padres de Familia , Leopoldo García , dijo que son alrededor de 5 mil millones de pesos los recursos que ingresan a las escuelas a través de esta vía , y 7 mil millones de pesos por ingresos en las tienditas o comedores escolares .
Las más de 24 mil escuelas privadas podrán sumarse a los lineamientos propuestos de manera voluntaria .
Amazon Web Services ' content delivery network service CloudFront can now transfer data over an encrypted HTTPS connection , but users will pay more than if they transfer it via HTTP , Amazon said on Monday .
CloudFront can be used to distribute all files that can be sent over HTTP , including images , audio , video , media files or software downloads .
The service , which is still in beta test , can stream audio and video , as well .
HTTPS can be used when delivering sensitive content or to avoid security warnings that some browsers present when viewing a mix of encrypted and standard content , according to Amazon .
Using encryption will also help ensure the authenticity of the content , it said .
CloudFront will use encryption when retrieving data from its storage service S3 ( Simple Storage Service ) , so the content is protected all the way from where it is stored to the user 's computer , according to Amazon .
HTTPS requests start at US$ 0.01 per 10,000 requests .
That compares to prices starting at $ 0.0075 per 10,000 requests for standard HTTP traffic , according to Amazon 's price list .
The cost of standard requests was reduced by 25 percent on June 1 , according to Amazon .
CloudFront users also have pay for data transfers and the storage of their content .
Amazon is n't the only Web company that is looking to increase the use of encryption .
Recently , Google launched a beta version of encrypted access to its search site .
It will provide users with a more secure and private search experience , according to Google .
Amazon has also opened a new edge location in New York City , which brings the total number of places in the U.S. to nine .
There are also four locations in Europe and three in Asia .
Closeness to an edge location will help improve performance , and depending on where users are located CloudFront will automatically send them to the most appropriate place , Amazon said .
That ’s what he said in 2008 :
Now he sings to a different tune :
“ We ’re concerned about the subsea application of dispersent .
He asked that the entire column be tested .
Asked BP to make a long - term commitment to monitoring the water .
“ You ’re talking about an impact that could hurt multiple generations of wildlife .
These are the ocean ’s nurseries . ”
I could n’t agree more with Mr Jindal , but off shore drilling came first , then the spill and now his eco consciousness kicks in ?
How about : “ We made a huge mistake , by pushing offshore drilling to it ’s limits .
We will have to rethink our priorities . ” ?
He ’s pro nuclear energy and coal , too .
Ca n’t he remember Chernobyl , Three Mile Island and West Virginia ?
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Fresh off the plane from Pakistan , Gary Faulkner speaks passionately about his mission to capture Osama bin Laden .
" There 's a lot of people who talk , " Faulkner told CNN .
" I got off my butt , and I put my life on the line . "
This was n't some fly - by - night trip , according to the 50 - year - old construction worker .
He says it was his seventh trip to Pakistan , searching for the al Qaeda leader whose terrorist network was responsible for the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks on the United States .
How close did he get to bin Laden ?
" If I had a rifle , I could shoot him , " Faulkner claimed .
He hedged a bit when asked if he had actually seen bin Laden .
" I have n't seen him personally but [ he was ] very close , " Faulkner said .
He was equally vague when asked to describe how someone would go about finding the man who U.S. authorities have not been able to capture in nine years , despite a $ 25 million reward :
" You let the spirit [ of God ] guide you . "
Faulkner , who is on dialysis for kidney disease , explained that his mission was not a one - man operation .
He said he had a team of people in Pakistan helping him .
" There 's still very many people that have helped me , and their lives are in danger , " Faulkner said .
" If anyone knew who actually gave aid , I could put their life in big - time danger . "
In addition , he said he was being protected by Pakistani authorities .
" I was never arrested ; I was never detained ; I was never captured , " Faulkner said .
" For my protection , they had to bounce me around because somehow my cover got blown .
" So they helped me go from place to place to place only so no one could ... get an actual location on me until they were sure that the airplane in Islamabad could be boarded without someone seeing me .
" Because if someone saw me and you had a LAW 's rocket , it 's nothing to take a plane out . "
There is no way to independently confirm Faulkner 's account .
He faces no pending criminal charges for his actions .
His brother , physician Scott Faulkner says Gary does not have any mental health issues .
" He does n't meet any of the DSM -- that 's the psychiatric manual -- he does n't meet any criteria for psychosis .
He is not schizophrenic .
He does n't have schizophrenia .
He does n't hear voices .
God is n't telling him , ' Oh , Gary , go get him , go get him . '
He 's a normal person .
He handles himself in society , " Scott Faulkner said .
The widespread media coverage of Gary Faulkner 's arrest triggered reactions of both praise and outrage .
Read about the internet reaction to Faulkner 's mission
Faulkner dismissed both reactions , saying he was just standing up for his beliefs .
" You could say I 'm a religious freak , you could say I'm a Rambo or a samurai or whatever , " he said .
" But ... I 'm a person who said ' You know what , I 'm going to get off my ass and do something . '
And I 'll be darned if I 'm going to sit back and let anybody out there say ' Oh this or that ' when they were n't there . "
Faulkner blames media for giving the wrong impression for the Pakistani people and said he was treated very well .
" We may have differences in the way that we treat each other here and the way they treat each other there , " he said .
" I never felt threatened ...
They 've given me nothing but kindness and consideration . "
He would n't say whether he plans to resume his hunt for bin Laden .
But he said he left his pistol , sword and night vision goggles in Pakistan just in case .
Image caption France is hoping to strengthen trade ties with Africa
The French president has called for Africa to be given a bigger say in world affairs and better representation on the UN Security Council .
President Nicolas Sarkozy , rounding off a two - day France - Africa summit in Nice , also said Africa would be a key source of global growth in the coming decades .
He pledged to push for Security Council reform when France heads the G8 and G20 groups of leading economies next year .
The summit was attended by 38 heads of state and some 200 business leaders .
Mr Sarkozy told them : " How can we accept a world where 25 % of the population lives in Africa and yet it does not have a permanent seat at the Security Council ?
" This is an anomaly , an injustice and a source of imbalance . "
At present , African countries hold three out of 10 non-permanent seats on the Security Council .
France does n't just want to be friends with Francophone countries .
What we want is for France to talk to all of Africa Nicolas Sarkozy , French President
African states have lobbied since 2005 for two permanent seats with veto powers on an expanded Security Council , as well as rotating seats .
" None of the problems , absolutely none of the problems that the world faces today can be resolved without the active participation of the African continent , " Mr Sarkozy said .
" Africa 's formidable demographics and its considerable resources make it the main reservoir for world economic growth in the decades to come . "
Hosting his first France - Africa summit , Mr Sarkozy dispensed with the traditional " dinner among friends " - attended only by former colonies - in favour of inviting all attendees .
" France does n't just want to be friends with Francophone countries .
What we want is for France to talk to all of Africa , " he said at the closing session .
France , which is vying with China and other emerging powers for markets in Africa , has used the summit as a platform to promote business ties with the continent .
It agreed to support the African Union in strengthening security on the continent , including training 12,000 African troops for African Union and United Nations peacekeeping duties .
Drug trafficking
Climate change was also high on the agenda and the leaders agreed to support creation of a renewable energy plan , including the use of solar power .
France announced the creation of the African Agriculture Fund , an investors ' fund , for food distribution and other projects , to initially raise $ 120 million ( £ 82 m ) and potentially reach $ 300 million , according to a final statement .
It also pledged to help Africa combat piracy , terrorism and drug trafficking , with Mr Sarkozy stressing the continent " cannot cope on its own " .
South African President Jacob Zuma described the summit as " very useful " .
He told AFP news agency that leaders had agreed to discuss at their next African Union summit a French proposal to seek two Security Council seats with 10 - year mandates as an interim step to permanent membership .
" We cannot have institutions that were established in the 1940s , when there were fewer countries and colonialism , " he said .
Mr Zuma had earlier criticised the fact that military junta leaders of two former French colonies , Guinea and Niger , were among those in attendance and as such were being given " recognition " .
However , Madagascar - still embroiled in a political crisis - was not invited , and Zimbabwe refused to send a delegation after France objected to the attendance of President Robert Mugabe .
What ’s the greatest threat to our still - fragile economic recovery ?
Dangers abound , of course .
But what I currently find most ominous is the spread of a destructive idea : the view that now , less than a year into a weak recovery from the worst slump since World War II , is the time for policy makers to stop helping the jobless and start inflicting pain .
When the financial crisis first struck , most of the world ’s policy makers responded appropriately , cutting interest rates and allowing deficits to rise .
And by doing the right thing , by applying the lessons learned from the 1930s , they managed to limit the damage :
It was terrible , but it was n’t a second Great Depression .
Now , however , demands that governments switch from supporting their economies to punishing them have been proliferating in op - eds , speeches and reports from international organizations .
Indeed , the idea that what depressed economies really need is even more suffering seems to be the new conventional wisdom , which John Kenneth Galbraith famously defined as “ the ideas which are esteemed at any time for their acceptability . ”
The extent to which inflicting economic pain has become the accepted thing was driven home to me by the latest report on the economic outlook from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , an influential Paris - based think tank supported by the governments of the world ’s advanced economies .
The O.E.C.D. is a deeply cautious organization ; what it says at any given time virtually defines that moment ’s conventional wisdom .
And what the O.E.C.D. is saying right now is that policy makers should stop promoting economic recovery and instead begin raising interest rates and slashing spending .
Just a few months ago at PMA , Sony made it clear that the next extension of its Alpha brand would come in the form of an HD - video - shooting interchangeable lens compact .
Now , those prototypes have become full - blown cameras in the form of the new NEX - 3 and NEX - 5 , which will be hitting shelves in July .
Both come packing the same new 14.2 - megapixel Exmor APS HD CMOS sensor , which is almost 60 % bigger ( 23.4 mm x 15.6 mm ) than what you 'll find inside a micro four thirds body .
Both can capture HD video and stereo audio via the built - in microphone , but the NEX - 3 tops out at 720 p , while the NEX - 5 can crab 1080i video in AVCHD format .
Despite the extra sensor real estate , both bodies are impressively compact .
The NEX - 5 , which has a magnesium alloy body , weighs just 10.1 - ounces ( with battery and media ) and the NEX - 3 checks in at 10.5 - ounces .
Compare that to the 11.1 - ounce Olympus E -P2 and the 10.1 - ounce Panasonic Lumix GF1 .
CLICK HERE FOR A GALLERY OF SAMPLE IMAGES FROM THE NEX-5
To accompany its new pint - sized bodies , Sony has introduced three new E - mount lenses :
The 16 mm ( 35 mm equivalent : 24 mm ) f/2.8 ( $ 250 ) , the 18 - 55 mm ( 35 mm equivalent : 27-83 mm ) f/3.5-5.6 OSS ( $ 300 ) and the 18 -200 mm 35 mm equivalent ( 27-300 mm ) f/3.5-6.3 ( fall , $ 800 ) .
The compact barrels are made from brushed aluminum and have steel mounts .
They also boast ultra-quiet AF motors , enabling continuous autofocus during HD video capture .
If you 're not satisfied with three lens options ( and you have a little extra room in your bag ) , the optional LA - EA1 Mount Adapter allows both NEX cameras to use the full range of Alpha lenses , plus a " huge range " of other legacy A - mount lenses if you do n't need AF .
It 's worth noting that there 's no internal image stablization on the NEX bodies , so you 'll have to opt for the 18 - 55 mm lens if you want to enjoy the Optical Steady Shot functionality .
In keeping with the compact part of its lineage , both the NEX - 3 and NEX - 5 have a redesigned and simplified interface , as well as a handful of Sony 's specialty shooting modes like Hand - Held Twilight , Auto HDR and Anti-Motion Blur .
Units will ship with the standard Sweep Panorama feature that they offer in other compacts , but a coming firmware update will allow both of the NEX cameras to capture 3D Sweep Panoramas , which can be played back on compatible 3D HDTVs .
Both models sport an impressive 3 - inch TFT TruBlack LCD displays with 921,600 pixels and 100 - percent Live View coverage .
The screen can be angled approximatley 80 - degrees upward and 45 degrees downward to allow for shooting at unique angles .
While the bodies lack a built - in flash , a clip - on flash , which attaches via the smart accessory terminal is provided in the box .
If you want the FDA - SV1 Optical Viewfinder or the ECM - SST1 Stereo Microphone , you 'll have to buy them sparately .
There will be two different kits available at launch , including the NEX - 5A ( $ 650 ) and NEX - 3A ( $ 550 ) , which come bundled with the 16 mm prime .
The NEX - 5K ( $ 700 ) and NEX - 3K ( $ 600 ) come with the 18 - 55 mm zoom .
CLICK THE IMAGE BELOW FOR AN EXCLUSIVE GALLERY OF SAMPLE IMAGES FROM THE NEX-5
Read on for the full specs .
CAMERAS
Sensor : 14.2 - megapixel Exmor APS HD CMOS ( 23.4 mm x 15.6 mm )
14.2 - megapixel Exmor APS HD CMOS ( 23.4 mm x 15.6 mm )
Lens crop factor : 1.5x
1.5x Anti-dust : Charge protection coating on Low - Pass Filter and electromagnetic vibration mechanism
Charge protection coating on Low - Pass Filter and electromagnetic vibration mechanism Image processor : BIONZ
BIONZ Media Types : Memory Stick PRO Duo / Pro-HG Duo / PRO-HG HX Duo media SD , SDHC and SDXC memory card
Memory Stick PRO Duo / Pro-HG Duo / PRO-HG HX Duo media SD , SDHC and SDXC memory card Image Modes : JPEG ( Standard , Fine ) , RAW , RAW +JPEG
JPEG ( Standard , Fine ) , RAW , RAW +JPEG Video format : NEX - 5 AVCHD / MP4 ( MPEG - 4 AVC ( H.264 ) ) - NEX - 3 MP4 ( MPEG - 4 AVC ( H.264 ) ) only .
NEX -5 AVCHD / MP4 ( MPEG - 4 AVC ( H.264 ) ) - NEX - 3 MP4 ( MPEG - 4 AVC ( H.264 ) ) only .
AF system : Contrast
Contrast Focus points : 25
25 AF modes : Single - shot AF , Continuous AF , Direct Manual Focus , Manual Focus
Single - shot AF , Continuous AF , Direct Manual Focus , Manual Focus Focus sensitivity : 0 EV to 20 EV ( at ISO100 conversion with F2.8 lens )
0 EV to 20 EV ( at ISO100 conversion with F2.8 lens ) Sweep Panorama : Maximum Wide 23MP ( 12,416 x 1,856 ) , 226° ( 16 mm focal ) , 201° ( 18 mm focal )
Maximum Wide 23MP ( 12,416 x 1,856 ) , 226° ( 16 mm focal ) , 201° ( 18 mm focal )
Face detection : Off , Auto , Child Priority , Adult Priority
Off , Auto , Child Priority , Adult Priority Smile shutter : Off , Slight , Normal , Big
Off , Slight , Normal , Big Metering : 49 Segment metering from CMOS image sensor
49 Segment metering from CMOS image sensor Metering mode : Multi-segment , Center - weighted , Spot
Multi-segment , Center - weighted , Spot Exposure settings : iAUTO , Program Auto ( P ) , Aperture priority ( A ) , Shutter priority ( S ) , Manual ( M )
iAUTO , Program Auto ( P ) , Aperture priority ( A ) , Shutter priority ( S ) , Manual ( M ) ISO : Auto , 200 to 12800
Auto , 200 to 12800 Color temperature : 2500 - 9900 k with 19 - step Magenta / Green compensation
2500 - 9900 k with 19 - step Magenta / Green compensation Shutter type : Electronically - controlled , vertical - traverse , focal - plane type
Electronically - controlled , vertical - traverse , focal - plane type Drive modes : Single - shot , Continuous , Speed Priority , Self - timer , Continuous Self - timer , Bracketing ; Remote Commander
Single - shot , Continuous , Speed Priority , Self - timer , Continuous Self - timer , Bracketing ; Remote Commander Shooting speed : Continuous ( 2.3 fps ) Speed Priority ( 7fps )
Continuous ( 2.3 fps ) Speed Priority ( 7 fps ) Flash sync : 1/160 second
1/160 second Burst buffer : JPEG ( unlimited to card capacity ) , RAW ( 8 shots ) , RAW + JPEG ( 5 shots )
JPEG ( unlimited to card capacity ) , RAW ( 8 shots ) , RAW +JPEG ( 5 shots )
Flash metering system : Pre-flash TTL
Pre-flash TTL
Flash modes : Autoflash , Fill - flash , Rear sync. , Slow sync. , Red - eye reduction
Autoflash , Fill - flash , Rear sync. , Slow sync. , Red - eye reduction Recycle time : Approx .
4 sec
Approx . 4 sec HDMI port : TypeC mini
TypeC mini Connectivity : USB 2.0
USB 2.0 NEX - 3 dimensions : Appx 4-5/8 × 2-1/2 × 1-3/8 " ( 117.2x62.6x33.4 mm ) ( W/ H/D ) ; 1 " ( 25.4 mm ) excl grip and lens mount
Appx 4-5/8 × 2-1/2 × 1-3/8 " ( 117.2x62.6x33.4 mm ) ( W/ H/D ) ; 1 " ( 25.4 mm ) excl grip and lens mount NEX - 3 weight : Approx . 8.4 oz ( 239g ) ( excl battery & media ) Approx .
10.5 oz ( 297g ) ( w/ battery & media )
Approx . 8.4 oz ( 239g ) ( excl battery & media ) Approx . 10.5 oz ( 297g ) ( w/ battery & media ) NEX - 5 dimensions : Appx 4-3/8 × 2-3/8 × 1-9/16 " ( 110.8x58.8x38.2 mm ) ( W/H/D ) ; 15/16 " ( 24.2 mm ) excl grip & lens mount
Appx 4-3/8 × 2-3/8 × 1-9/16 " ( 110.8x58.8x38.2 mm ) ( W/ H/D ) ; 15/16 " ( 24.2 mm ) excl grip & lens mount NEX - 5 weight : Approx . 8.1 oz ( 229g ) ( excl battery & media ) Approx .
10.1 oz ( 287g ) ( w/ battery & media )
Approx . 8.1 oz ( 229g ) ( excl battery & media ) Approx .
10.1 oz ( 287g ) ( w/ battery & media ) Battery : InfoLitium NP - FW50,7.2V with approximately 330 shots per charge
16 mm F/2.8 LENS
Groups and elements : 5 groups , 5 elements ( 1 aspheric surface )
5 groups , 5 elements ( 1 aspheric surface )
Angle of view : 83 °
83° Aperture : 7 blades ( Circular aperture )
7 blades ( Circular aperture ) Aperture range : f/2.8-f/22
f/2.8-f/22 Maximum maginification : 0.073x ( APS-C )
0.073x ( APS-C ) Miniumum focus distance : 9.4 " ( 0.24 m )
9.4 " ( 0.24 m ) Dimensions : 2-7/16 x 7/8 " ( 62x22.5 mm )
2-7/16 x 7/8 " ( 62x22.5 mm )
Weight : 2.5 oz ( 70 g )
2.5 oz ( 70g ) Filter diameter : 49mm
18 -55 mm f/3.5-5.6 OSS LENS
A Brisbane man has been arrested following an investigation into the vandalism of Facebook tribute pages for slain children earlier this year .
There was widespread public outrage when tribute pages set up to honour Trinity Bates and Elliott Fletcher were defaced with graphic images posted online including child pornography , prompting police to launch an investigation .
Young life lost ... Elliott Fletcher with his parents .
Credit : Facebook
Taskforce Argos detectives this morning charged an unemployed 29 - year - old Tarragindi man over the matter .
Elliott Fletcher , 12 , a student at St Patrick 's College at Shorncliffe , died in February after he was allegedly stabbed by a fellow pupil .
Louisiana residents report oil - spill related illnesses
By Andre Damon and C.W. Rogers in Louisiana
21 June 2010
Grand Isle , LA visitors look onto the contaminated beach
Two months since the start of the Gulf Coast oil spill , residents , fishermen and experts throughout the Gulf of Mexico are reporting respiratory problems and other illnesses attributable to oil contamination .
“ We ’re getting sick down here .
People are losing their voices ; our noses are running and our eyes are crying all the time , ” said Dean Blanchard , operator of a Grand Isle , Louisiana - based shrimp distribution company .
“ I went down to Bourbon Street in New Orleans and the urine on the cement smelled better than the air does down here . ”
Dr. Michael Kotler , director of Plaquemines Medical Center near Venice , Louisiana , said his clinic has treated numerous cases of people getting sick from spill - related chemical exposure .
The clinic handles those cases that the US Health Service and a private medical contractor employed by BP are not prepared to handle , said Dr. Kotler .
Cleanup workers on the Mississippi River
In May , the latest month for which figures were available , the clinic saw 24 oil - spill related exposure cases .
Sixteen of these patients were offshore workers employed on a rig contaminated by air - dropped dispersant .
Walter , an offshore oil worker , told the WSWS last month that he had respiratory problems after BP began spraying dispersant near his rig .
“ I ’ve been working around crude oil every day for six years now .
I ’ve never gotten a sore throat from it until now , ” he said .
Of the remaining oil spill - related patients that came to the Plaquemines Medical Center , three were civilians and five were cleanup workers .
Cleanup workers in Grand Isle , LA
The Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals reported last week that there have been 109 incidents of health complaints related to chemical exposure from the oil spill .
Seventy - four of the reports were from workers involved with the cleanup , and 35 were from among the general population , according to the health agency .
Earlier this month , as complaints of spill - related illnesses began to rise , BP downplayed the number , claiming only two cases .
It attempted to attribute the others to miscellaneous causes such as food poisoning .
Wilma Subra , an environmental chemist in and advisor for the Louisiana Environmental Action Network , said that the health effects of the oil spill are only beginning to be felt .
“ The crude oil on the surface formed an aerosol that blew onto land a long time before the slick even made it to the marshes , covering the entire New Orleans area last month , ” she said in a telephone interview .
“ As the slick goes east , the impact area is shifting all the way over into Pensacola , and even farther . ”
“ I got reports from fishermen ’s wives that their husbands were getting sick .
But there ’s no other work , and all the fishermen engaged in the cleanup are afraid of losing their jobs if they speak out , ” she said .
“ An organization that I have been working with purchased additional protective gear for the workers onshore , but BP threatened to fire anyone who showed up to work with a respirator .
A lot of the cleanup workers are handling contaminated oil with their hands , leaning over it , breathing the fumes with no protection , ” Dr. Subra added .
Although many workers were concerned about the health effects of the oil spill , they are afraid to speak to the press for fear of losing their jobs .
“ In general , the fishe rmen here are afraid of speaking out , ” said Laura Leckelt , a nurse working at the first aid station .
“ The workers signed a contract saying that they would not talk to press , and it is a breach of contract if they do . ”
Although the cleanup workers were reticent to speak publicly , some agreed to be quoted on a first - name basis .
Brian said that many of the cleanup workers were concerned .
“ The big secret is , everybody is about to get sick .
This is the calm before the storm , ” he said .
Dean Blanchard
Dean Blanchard , the shrimp distributor , said he suspects that BP has been using dispersants within the Barataria Bay , far outside the approved radius for its use .
“ We have skimmer boats reporting oil in the bay , then being told to move ten miles out and hold position overnight , ” Blanchard said .
“ When they come back , the oil is gone .
They do it at night because they ’re not cleared to use dispersant so far onshore . ”
Some people involved in the cleanup said that workers on the beach were generally not reporting exposure - related illness , but many of them were falling sick from working out in the sun for too long .
Laura Leckelt
“ At first they did n’t have proper instructions for keeping the workers hydrated and cooled , so a lot of them got overheated , ” said Ms. Leckelt , who treated several workers suffering from heat stroke .
“ The real problem is the workers who are skimming water off the surface .
They ’re the ones who are most exposed , ” said Dr. Subra .
She said that OHSA responded to her claims by investigating the work conditions of beach cleanup workers .
“ They said that since the onshore workers would not benefit from respirators , neither would the workers operating the skimming boats , ” which is simply not the case , she said .
“ These fishermen are going to be sick for the rest of their lives because of their exposure to these chemicals , ” said Dr. Subra .
NASA Releases Kepler Data on Potential Extrasolar Planets
PASADENA , Calif. -- NASA 's Kepler Mission has released 43 days of science data on more than 156,000 stars .
These stars are being monitored for subtle brightness changes as part of an ongoing search for Earth - like planets outside of our solar system .
Astronomers will use the new data to determine if orbiting planets are responsible for brightness variations in several hundred stars .
These stars represent a full range of temperatures , sizes and ages .
Many of them are stable , while others pulsate .
Some show starspots , which are similar to sunspots , and a few produce flares that would sterilize their nearest planets .
Kepler , a space observatory , looks for the data signatures of planets by measuring tiny decreases in the brightness of stars when planets cross in front of , or transit , them .
The size of the planet can be derived from the change in the star 's brightness .
The 28 - member Kepler science team also is using ground - based telescopes and NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope and Spitzer Space Telescope to perform follow - up observations on a specific set of 400 objects of interest .
The star field that Kepler observes in the constellations Cygnus and Lyra can only be seen from ground - based observatories in spring through early fall .
The data from these other observations will determine which of the candidates can be identified as planets .
That data will be released to the scientific community in February 2011 .
Without the additional information , candidates that are actual planets cannot be distinguished from false alarms , such as binary stars -- two stars that orbit each other .
The size of the planetary candidates also can be only approximated until the size of the stars they orbit is determined from additional spectroscopic observations made by ground - based telescopes .
" I look forward to the scientific community analyzing the data and announcing new exoplanet results in the coming months , " said Lia LaPiana , Kepler 's program executive at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" This is the most precise , nearly continuous , longest and largest data set of stellar photometry ever , " said Kepler Deputy Principal Investigator David Koch of NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
" The results will only get better as the duration of the data set grows with time . "
Kepler will continue conducting science operations until at least November 2012 , searching for planets as small as Earth , including those that orbit stars in a warm , habitable zone where liquid water could exist on the surface of the planet .
Since transits of planets in the habitable zone of solar - like stars occur about once a year and require three transits for verification , it is expected to take at least three years to locate and verify an Earth - size planet .
" The Kepler observations will tell us whether there are many stars with planets that could harbor life , or whether we might be alone in our galaxy , " said the mission 's science principal investigator , William Borucki of Ames .
Ames is responsible for the ground system development , mission operations and science data analysis .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , managed the Kepler mission development .
Ball Aerospace and Technologies Corp. in Boulder , Colo. , developed the Kepler flight system , and supports mission operations with the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics at the University of Colorado , Boulder .
The Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore archives , hosts and distributes the Kepler science data .
To see the science data , visit : http://archive.stsci.edu/kepler.
For more information about the Kepler mission , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/kepler.
Whitney Clavin 818-354-4673
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
whitney.clavin@jpl.nasa.gov
Michael Mewhinney 650-604-3937
Ames Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif .
michael.s.mewhinney@nasa.gov
J.D. Harrington 202-358-5241
Headquarters , Washington
j.d.harrington@nasa.gov
2010 - 200
Protecting Your Legal Rights Since 1979
I am a White Plains , New York based Adoption and Family Law attorney .
I represent clients ( both adults and minors ) in Adoption , as well as a broad range of Family Law , matters across the Hudson Valley .
Throughout my more than 40 year career , I have purposely maintained my practice as a sole practitioner so that my clients get my complete and undivided attention .
Unlike some law firms where your case may get passed off to a less experienced associate attorney following the initial consultation , when you retain me as your attorney , I work on your case from start to finish .
I use my many years of experience to offer proven , cost - effective results for my clients .
At my law office , I work hard to protect your legal rights and resolve your legal issues as favorably as possible .
I have a broad range of experience , including substantial courtroom trial and appellate experience .
I am knowledgeable in Adoption and Family Law , as well as Probate and Estate Administration .
My Family Law experience includes divorce and marital dissolutions , child custody and visitation matters ( including relocation issues ) as well as child abuse and neglect matters .
I understand the emotional and financial toll that such legal issues can take on a family .
As an experienced negotiator , I endeavor to resolve your matters as painlessly and cost - effectively as possible .
As an experienced trial lawyer , I stand ready to take your case to trial when circumstances so dictate .
I do whatever it takes , legally and ethically , to protect your rights and those of your children .
Contact me , or use the contact form at the bottom of this page to set up a consultation to discuss your situation .
PREMIER Kristina Keneally has not ruled out David Campbell returning to the ministry after he has dealt with the consequences of a gay sex club scandal and 20 years living a secret life .
Mr Campbell , 52 , tendered his shock resignation last night after revelations he had used his ministerial car to visit Ken's of Kensington , a gay sauna , in Sydney 's eastern suburbs on Tuesday night .
Ms Keneally said she was shocked , saddened and disappointed by Mr Campbell 's resignation as transport and roads minister , and the way in which his sexuality had been exposed by Channel 7 .
" It 's a resignation I accepted on compassionate grounds , '' she said today .
" Clearly he needs time for himself and his family to work through what is unquestionably a very difficult time for him personally , and for his family .
" I would say speaking as a person and a premier , I was shocked , I was saddened .
I 'm distressed as his friend , I was disappointed and angry as a premier .
" I am as a woman concerned for his family and his wife in particular .
I can not imagine the impact this is having , particularly on his family and on him at this time . ''
Ms Keneally said she was disappointed to lose the hard - working minister and father of two sons and would n't rule out his return in the future , in the aftermath of what she described as a " very human tragedy ' ' .
" I said that to David last night , '' she said .
On numerous occasions during a half - hour press conference , Ms Keneally questioned whether revelations about Mr Campbell 's sexuality , or claims he had been visiting the sex club , were in the public interest .
" I think there will be debate about whether or not a person 's sexuality has any bearing on their role as a member of parliament , as a minister , or on their job performance , '' she said .
" David has been living with this secret for over two decades .
" I think it is appalling that he kept this secret , particularly from his family and his colleagues .
" I also think it is appalling that we live in a society that he had to keep this secret . ''
Speaking for the first time since footage of him leaving the gay sex club was aired on TV , Mr Campbell said he accepted responsibility for his actions .
" What I will do is work through these issues with my family , '' he said .
The Seven Network defended its story .
" Is n't it part of our duty to let the electorate know when a minister has let them down ? '' director of news Peter Meakin told the ABC .
The premier denied reports that Mr Campbell 's double life was common knowledge in cabinet .
Asked if she could guarantee she had n't heard any rumours about Mr Campbell 's sexuality , she repeated three times : " Absolutely . ''
Ms Keneally stressed ministers are allowed to use their taxpayer - funded ministerial cars for personal use .
Even so , she said Mr Campbell had perhaps shown a " lack of judgment ' ' .
Ms Keneally said Mr Campbell was coping " as well as could be expected in the circumstances ' ' and she supported his decision to stay on as the member for member for Keira .
She denied allegations Mr Campbell 's personal life could have been used to blackmail him while he was police minister in 2007 and 2008 .
Asked if Mr Campbell 's situation would affect Labor 's chances at the state election to be held in March 2011 , she said : " Every election is winnable , and every election is losable ' ' .
National Guard troops are on their way to the border and Republican South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint can’t wait to build himself a 700 - mile double layered fence .
DeMint has attached his amendment to just about anything moving through the Senate – so far Democrats have defeated DeMint ’s attempts .
But what happens when elected officials get down to horse trading over immigration reform ?
It may not come this year , but it more than likely will come in 2011 .
What happens when the Obama Administration and Democrats in Congress need Republican votes to pass immigration reform ?
Border residents already know the answer .
They only have to look out their windows at the rusty 18 - foot wall .
“ We ’ll get the shaft , ” is how one resident aptly summed it up .
Residents are already bracing to become the sacrificial lamb for Democrats desperate for Republican buy - in on immigration reform .
They ’re already seeing it with the 1,200 guard troops and a Predator Drone dispatched to El Paso .
Anticipating this backlash , border community organizations from across the southern border will meet in San Diego this month to strategize .
Their goal is to come up with a unified platform of issues important to their communities , and to try and head off a raft of bad border security policies that will only make life on the border more insufferable .
“ We ’ve got to separate border security from immigration reform , ” said Louie Gilot , director of the Border Network for Human Rights in El Paso .
“ We need to have an independent voice for the well being of the communities and so the border is n’t sacrificed the next time immigration reform is taken up , ” Gilot says .
Participants in the meeting will include the San Diego Immigrant Rights Consortium ( CA ) , the Border Action Network ( AZ ) , the ACLU Regional Center for Border Rights ( NM ) and the Border Network for Human Rights ( TX ) and Texas Rural Legal Aid ( TX ) .
Gilot pointed out that El Paso , where she lives , is the second safest city in the country .
This is the case for most border communities on the U.S. side of the border .
Despite this fact , where she lives is depicted in the media and by politicians as a “ war zone . ”
So the solutions that policy makers come up with for the border “ would be more at home in a war zone , ” she says .
“ In my opinion what we have already at the border is working , ” Gilot says .
“ The fear of spillover violence is very real but there has n’t been any spillover violence . ”
El Paso does n’t need National Guard troops , she says .
What it needs is more investment in the ports of entry so that goods and people can flow more securely and efficiently between Mexico and the United States .
“ People wait for hours to cross , ” she says .
Border residents would also like to see better training for Border Patrol and U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents .
In my opinion this is something that has needed to happen for a long time .
The Texas Border Coalition , which consists of elected officials and business leaders has been advocating for border communities in Texas for the past four years or so .
They even have the high powered lobby firm Via Novo working for them in D.C. in an effort to penetrate the D.C. bubble .
They ’ve had some success but it ’s difficult to break through the panic inducing rhetoric in the national media and among D.C. politicians whenever they want to ratchet the fear level up a notch and turn out voters .
A more unified voice from the border is needed to temper the national rhetoric .
Because right now , the rest of the nation forgets that the border is the United States too .
They seem to think it ’s perfectly acceptable for the federal government to seize thousands of acres of private land to build an ineffective fence .
And they also do n’t have a problem with the notion of armed troops patrolling American streets .
If it were n’t for the Posse Comitatus Act we ’d probably have soldiers in the streets today .
Soldiers on the border matter to residents because in 1997 , 18 - year old Esequiel Hernandez , of Redford , Texas , was shot and killed by a U.S. soldier sent on a covert mission to patrol for drug smugglers .
Every border resident knows it could happen again .
I remember getting on a plane in McAllen a few years back and having to board under the scrutiny of a National Guard soldier holding a M - 4 rifle .
It was something you ’d expect in a developing country but not in the United States .
Last year El Paso , with a population of 612,374 had 4 murders , while Washington D.C. with a smaller population of 591,833 had 66 , according to 2009 FBI statistics .
D.C. officials need to dial down the fear and panic and listen to the people who actually live on the border .
Then they might actually come up with a border policy that works .
In the meantime , let ’s send the National Guard to D.C. .
Sounds like they ’ve got a real crime problem .
And while we ’re at it , let ’s build a double layered , eighteen - foot wall around Senator DeMint ’s luxury brownstone and see how he likes it .
EXCLUSIVE : An auction of screen rights for the PlayStation3 game Heavy Rain is coming to a close .
I ’m told a deal is near with Unique Features , the film shingle started by Bob Shaye and Michael Lynne after they exited New Line .
Using their own money , Shaye and Lynne posted top bid in an auction held by CAA on behalf of game developers Quantic Dream .
Heavy Rain has sold 1 million units since its release in February .
The game ’s combination of murder , rain and an inherent atmospheric gloom evokes memories of the David Fincher - directed Seven , one of the formative blockbusters at New Line when Shaye and Lynne grew that company into a rival to the majors .
Players hunt the “ Origami Killer , ” a serial murderer who drowns his victims four days after they are abducted , leaving only a small origami figure and an orchid on the corpse .
The game becomes a procedural in which four characters try to solve the crime after another potential victim is kidnapped .
Unique has a first look deal with Warner Bros , but Shaye liked it enough to use his own money and not wait for approval to buy it .
A deal should be sealed shortly .
( Adds IMF comment in paragraph 10 )
KARACHI , June 3 ( Reuters ) - Pakistan ’s central bank governor said on Thursday he has stepped down for personal reasons , increasing concerns about political instability as the country faces IMF pressure to reform its economy .
Salim Raza was the second senior policy - maker to quit in Pakistan this year following Finance Minister Shaukat Tarin ’s resignation in February .
The announcement , made by the Finance Ministry and confirmed by Raza himself , came two days before the unveiling of the 2010 / 11 federal budget .
Yaseen Anwar , deputy governor of the State Bank of Pakistan and a former executive vice president for London ’s Kraken Financial Group , has taken over as acting governor , the Finance Ministry said .
One senior government official said the “ personal reasons ” cited by the Finance Ministry for Raza ’s resignation were a cover for a power struggle with the government .
Raza ’s departure had little effect on local stock markets but Moody ’s rating agency said the move confirmed a view of Pakistani unpredictability .
Although Raza had little direct impact on the budget in his role as central bank chief , Pakistan ’s financial institutions have been under pressure from the International Monetary Fund to make painful reforms .
The IMF wants Pakistan to boost taxes , including the imposition of a value - added tax , and raise electricity prices .
“ It ( Raza ’s resignation ) does not fundamentally change anything ...
There are many other sources of anxiety that investors would focus on , ” said Agost Benard , credit analyst for rating agency Standard & Poor’s .
“ The deciding factor is still whether the fiscal and other reforms that the country has committed to with the IMF are being implemented and whether Pakistan can remain on track . ”
Though Pakistan ’s economy has stabilized , volatile local politics , government debt levels and acts of terrorism remain key concerns , Moody ’s said .
The battle against Taliban and al Qaeda militants as part of the U.S. - led war in neighboring Afghanistan is also a big drain on Pakistan ’s finances .
For more on Pakistan , click [ nAFPAK ] .
In Washington , IMF spokesman David Hawley said Raza ’s departure “ will not make a difference in the implementation of the program and we look forward to working with his successor . ”
RAZA ’S REPUTATION FOR HONESTY
Pakistan turned to the IMF in November 2008 for a $ 10.66 billion emergency loan to avert a balance - of - payments crisis and shore up its reserves .
Last month it received the fifth tranche of the loan amounting to $ 1.13 billion .
Raza , who has a reputation for honesty , was appointed central bank governor in December 2008 and was part of the team negotiating with the IMF .
He repeated to Reuters that he had quit for personal reasons , which was the reason given for his departure in a Finance Ministry announcement .
“ It starts and finishes there , ” he said .
But a senior government official said there was more to his departure than met the eye .
“ There are definitely more than personal reasons to his resignation , ” said the official , requesting anonymity .
“ There was a tussle going on between him and the government .
I cannot divulge the issues , but all was not well . ”
While acknowledging the resignation could send a negative signal to foreign investors , another senior government official said Raza ’s exit was prompted by the desire of the new finance adviser , Abdul Hafeez Shaikh , to bring in his own team .
Raza would not have been able to serve out a full three - year term anyway because he would have hit the mandatory retirement age of 65 in the middle of his tenure , the official said .
The announcement was made overnight in an e-mail from the Finance Ministry , which said it had received Raza ’s resignation letter on May 6 .
Raza denied that he had resigned because the government had refused an extension to his term .
“ I do n’t know where they got that from , ” he told Reuters , referring to press reports .
Investors appeared unfazed by Raza 's resignation , with Pakistan 's main stock exchange index .
KSE rising 1.4 percent .
It has gained more than 2 percent this year , outperforming Asia ’s major markets .
But even among risky “ frontier markets , ” Pakistan is seen by many investors as a long shot due to its security problems , poor governance , corruption and crippling power shortages .
" The resignation of the SBP governor should have no material impact on the markets , especially since most policies are coordinated with donor or multilateral agencies , leaving little room for dynamism by individuals in formulating such policies , " said Asad Iqbal , chief investment officer of Faysal Asset Management Ltd.
( Additional reporting by Faisal Aziz in Karachi , and Chris Allbritton in Islamabad ; Editing by Jan Paschal and Jason Webb ) ( For more Reuters coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan , see : here ) ( ( E-mail : sahar.ahmed@thomsonreuters.com ; Reuters Messaging : sahar.ahmed.reuters.com@reuters.net ; Karachi newsroom : +92-21 3568 5192 ) )
( If you have a query or comment about this story , send an e-mail to news.feedback.asia@thomsonreuters.com )
Helping people connect through friendly recommendations .
After 3 great years we have decided to shut down this fun little side - project of ours .
Thanks for playing along .
– Mike and Sam
by Peter Roberts
She heard a faint hissing sound , or thought she did .
She was n’t quite sure — perhaps this was just what absolute silence sounded like , the silence of death , of the void between the stars .
At least she could still see .
She looked at the dim , diffuse red glow that filled her field of vision .
Or was that just the way utter darkness looked if you stared into it long enough ?
She could n’t remember .
The hissing had stopped .
No , there it was , too faint to make sense of .
But slowly , slowly , she thought she could almost hear a voice , or voices , in it .
But faint , so faint .
Not like voices in another room — more like voices in another universe .
Voices .
She was drifting away from sanity again .
Not a pleasant feeling .
Voices .
The voices became a babble .
She felt a crowd walking past her , but could see nothing .
She heard snippets of conversation , sometimes garbled :
“ So I was saying to Larma the other day , we should go down to . . . ”
Larma ?
What kind of name was Larma ?
“. . . the Billiken quotient .
But over the last three days the Zukind numbers have been increasing quite dramatically .
I do n’t . . . ”
This was not making sense .
No one noticed her here .
Perhaps no one could see her , just as she could see no one .
More likely , she was n’t here at all .
She felt disoriented , even more than when , during training , she was in zero - G for the first time .
Learning to function in zero - G had been hard .
It felt a bit like flying , a bit like floating , and a lot like falling — too much like falling .
It was the sort of thing you hoped you ’d never have to use in real life , like the fire drills , or the explosion training .
Or like the isolation tank .
That ’s what it felt like now — being in an isolation tank .
But she was n’t in an isolation tank .
Was she ?
She did n’t think so , and yet that did n’t seem entirely wrong , either .
Where was she ?
Vague , unpleasant memories were milling around at the back of her mind , but never quite wandered within reach .
She wanted to remember what had happened , how she came to be…here .
And yet she was afraid , too , of what she might remember .
She slept .
It was not a restful sleep .
She woke in panic several times , feeling unable to move .
In fact , she could n’t move .
She did n’t feel as though she were in restraints , she just could n’t move .
She slept .
She woke in panic .
The ship .
It was likely to break apart , possibly quite violently .
She had to tell them .
Had to tell them now .
Slowly the panic subsided to a merely unbearable fear .
She slept again .
And once more she awoke .
What had happened to her ?
She seemed to remember something about an explosion , or an accident .
Yes .
She had been in section 7 to check out some slightly anomalous readings .
Then what ?
A breach of some sort , she thought .
Then she was taken to the infirmary , and placed in the life - support tank .
That way they could debrief her , try to find out more about the accident , what had occurred and why .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Navigate : Page 1 Page 2
TRENTON
-- Good news is always bad news to those who see themselves as " reformers " — no sense reforming what works .
So , as state Education Commissioner Bret Schundler begins an effort to change New Jersey schools , he must cope with the bad news of a lot of good news .
Best , or worst , of all are the latest results of the National Assessment of Educational Progress , or NAEP , a testing program of the U.S. Department of Education .
It shows New Jersey at the top in achievement in reading and math at the fourth - and eighth - grade levels .
Previous coverage :
• N.J. education chief proposes sweeping school reform , urges NJEA cooperation
• N.J. education chief plans to lay out merit pay , benefits cuts for teachers
• N.J. teachers ' union , Schundler cooperate for $ 400 M federal grant
• N.J. education chief warns legislators of voter wrath after school budget defeats
• Schundler : CREATE is going to close , and that 's final
• Education chief Bret Schundler faces questions about N.J. school cuts
While New Jersey ’s education officials might be expected to embrace good news , Schundler ’s spokesman , Alan Guenther , dismissed the results as " irrelevant . ’’
Guenther lumped all of public education together as one " wretched system " that fails students .
In an e-mailed response , he wrote :
" The NAEP rankings are irrelevant .
We should not take solace in the fact that we score well in a wretched system that fails to adequately teach such a high percentage of children . ’’
Not everyone agrees , of course .
The assessment program is a widely regarded measure of educational progress and , in the past , critics of New Jersey public schools used a poor showing as the sort of bad news that was good news to reformers .
The usual suspects disagree with the state — the New Jersey Education Association , for example , and David Sciarra , executive director of the Education Law Center .
They view New Jersey ’s high rankings as unalloyed good news , evidence the state ’s school aid formula has worked to improve learning .
They are critics of any reform that includes Gov. Chris Christie ’s proposed $ 800 million cut in school aid .
But even a neutral - to - supportive observer insists New Jersey ’s high rankings on the NAEP ca n’t be dismissed as " irrelevant . "
Nor would he agree the state is just part — albeit a successful part — of one big " wretched system . ’’
" I think the data produced by the NAEP are legitimate , " says Joseph DePierro , dean of the Seton Hall University College of Education .
" While , obviously , it does n’t capture the whole picture , you ’re in real trouble if you discount the data . "
The news provided by the NAEP is " legitimately " good news for New Jersey , says DePierro .
" Criticism has a political agenda , " says DePierro , who adds that " making broad , sweeping generalizations about a state system is inappropriate . "
" New Jersey has some very high - performing districts , as well as low - performing districts , " says the Seton Hall educator .
The state , like the nation , is not just one " wretched system . ’’
Other good news — or bad news — includes a report from the New America Foundation , contending New Jersey leads the way in providing early childhood education .
The National Institute for Early Education Research , at Rutgers University ’s Graduate School of Education , also says New Jersey ranks among the top 10 states for providing early childhood schooling .
Guenther does n’t criticize the state ’s preschools .
He says they ca n’t be expanded " in these historically bad economic times . "
He also was asked to respond to what was , for Schundler , really bad news because it was such good news to the critics of one of his most cherished reforms , school choice — including vouchers .
The commissioner , a former Jersey City mayor , is a champion of vouchers , traveling to Milwaukee years ago as a supporter of the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program , or MPCP , a program of providing students at private schools — including religious schools — with vouchers .
An independent evaluation concluded voucher students do no better than those left behind in inner-city public schools , the Milwaukee Public Schools , or MPS .
" We have established that … students in our MPCP and MPS panels are demonstrating achievement gains in reading and math that are generally equivalent , " reported the School Choice Demonstration Project at the University of Arkansas .
Guenther changed the subject .
" Other studies have shown , overwhelmingly , that many charter schools are doing a superb job , ’’ he wrote .
Charter schools are not voucher schools .
Of course , for many , simply the idea of choice is a good thing , even if it does n’t produce measurable academic progress .
For those , even bad news is good news .
We do spend a lot of time with our devices , and some studies have suggested that excessive dependence on cellphones and the Internet is akin to an addiction .
Web sites like NetAddiction.com offer self - assessment tests to determine if technology has become a drug .
Among the questions used to identify those at risk :
Do you neglect housework to spend more time online ?
Are you frequently checking your e-mail ?
Do you often lose sleep because you log in late at night ?
If you answered “ often ” or “ always , ” technology may be taking a toll on you .
In a study to be published in the journal Cyberpsychology , Behavior and Social Networking , researchers from the University of Melbourne in Australia subjected 173 college students to tests measuring risk for problematic Internet and gambling behaviors .
About 5 percent of the students showed signs of gambling problems , but 10 percent of the students posted scores high enough to put them in the at- risk category for Internet “ addiction . ”
Technology use was clearly interfering with the students ’ daily lives , but it may be going too far to call it an addiction , says Nicki Dowling , a clinical psychologist who led the study .
Ms. Dowling prefers to call it “ Internet dependence . ”
Typically , the concern about our dependence on technology is that it detracts from our time with family and friends in the real world .
But psychologists have become intrigued by a more subtle and insidious effect of our online interactions .
It may be that the immediacy of the Internet , the efficiency of the iPhone and the anonymity of the chat room change the core of who we are , issues that Dr. Aboujaoude explores in a book , “ Virtually You : The Internet and the Fracturing of the Self , ” to be released next year .
Dr. Aboujaoude also asks whether the vast storage available in e-mail and on the Internet is preventing many of us from letting go , causing us to retain many old and unnecessary memories at the expense of making new ones .
Everything is saved these days , he notes , from the meaningless e-mail sent after a work lunch to the angry online exchange with a spouse .
From Steve Benen :
As of about a week ago , I think the list was up to eight separate incidents : Kirk ( 1 ) falsely claimed he served “ in ” Operation Iraqi Freedom ; ( 2 ) falsely claimed to “ command the war room in the Pentagon ” ; ( 3 ) falsely claimed to have won the U.S. Navy ’s Intelligence Officer of the Year award ; ( 4 ) falsely claimed to have been shot at by the Iraqi Air Defense network ; ( 5 ) falsely claimed to be a veteran of Desert Storm ; ( 6 ) falsely claimed to be the only lawmaker to serve during Operation Iraqi Freedom ; and ( 7 ) falsely claimed to have been shot at in Kosovo ; and ( 8 ) falsely claimed to have been shot at in Kandahar .
This week , we have a new one for the list .
A man firing a small automatic weapon burst into a court office in central China on Tuesday , fatally shooting three judges and wounding three other people before killing himself , an official said .
The shooting spree was one of at least three violent incidents reported Tuesday , the latest in a spate of public attacks — including several on schoolchildren — that have shocked China .
In the court incident , the attacker was identifed as a 46 - year - old man who the official Xinhua News Agency reported held a grudge against the court over a ruling it had made in a property division dispute three years ago between him and his wife , who were going through a divorce .
Accused worked in security
Xinhua identified the assailant as Zhu Jun , a 46 - year - old head of security at the Lingling district post office in Yongzhou in Hunan province .
He apparently told his co-worker he was taking the automatic weapon and two pistols for an inspection by city authorities then headed to the District People 's Court , the official Xinhua News Agency reported .
He fired the gun after breaking into the office on the fourth floor , killing the three judges and wounding three court staff , said a spokesman of the city 's Communist Party propaganda department who would give only his surname , Tang .
The official said the judges were discussing a case unrelated to the man .
Zhu , who lived with his elderly parents after the divorce , apparently held a grudge against the court because of its property decision , Xinhua said .
The judges Zhu attacked were not involved in his earlier case , the report said .
Though private gun ownership is virtually banned in China , the country has seen a rise in violent crimes amid the free - market reforms of recent years and a loosening of social controls .
9 stabbed on train
Mass violent attacks are typically rare in China , but in recent months , the country has also witnessed a spate of assaults on schoolchildren by attackers wielding knives and in one case , a hammer .
Also on Tuesday , the Harbin Daily reported that a woman in her 40s attacked nine fellow passengers in sleeper compartments on an overnight train from northeastern Harbin to central Hebei province .
The woman used a scrap of iron as her weapon , stabbing victims in their arms and legs .
The woman , who was not identified , was arrested by police , the report said .
Her oldest victim was a 73 - year - old woman .
Three of the nine victims were sent to the Jiamusi Railway Hospital , where they were treated and released , said a hospital staffer who gave her name surname as Zhang .
Truck driven into crowd
In central Henan province , a man trying to stop the demolition of houses in his village of Nanliuzhuang drove a truck into a crowd of workers , leaving three dead and 13 injured , a district government office said .
" He first stopped his truck in the middle of the road … then suddenly accelerated the vehicle and crashed into the workers , " the Guancheng district office of the provincial capital of Zhengzhou said in a statement to The Associated Press .
The villager , identified as Liu Danao , fled and was being pursued by police , it said .
The massive creature could have hunted baleen whales ( Image : C. Letenneur ( MNHN ) )
The fossilised skull of a colossal whale with a killer bite has been uncovered by a team who reckon the monster shared the Miocene oceans with a giant shark .
The bones , dated to 12 to 13 million years ago , were spotted by Klaas Post of the Natuurhistorisch Museum Rotterdam , the Netherlands , in Peru ’s Ica desert .
In homage to Herman Melville ’s Moby Dick , the beast has been named Leviathan melvillei .
The skull is a huge 3 metres long , says team member Olivier Lambert at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences .
The team estimates the whale would have been between 13 and 18 metres long , like a modern sperm whale .
Advertisement
What really surprised the researchers was the size of the whale ’s teeth .
“ Some of the biggest ones are 36 centimetres long and 12 centimetres wide , and are probably the biggest predatory teeth ever discovered , ” Lambert says .
Teeth made for hunting
Unlike the modern - day sperm whale , which feeds by suction , the giant whale had these massive teeth on both its upper and lower jaw .
“ We think the whale used these teeth to catch its prey , ” says Lambert , suggesting the whale fed in a similar way to modern killer whales .
Today ’s sperm whales have much smaller teeth on the lower jaw only .
“ The whale would certainly have been able to catch very large prey , like baleen whales , of which there were plenty in the locality , ” Lambert says .
“ We think it was feeding on medium - sized baleen whales , which were about 8 or 9 metres long . ”
Leviathan melvillei is thought to have co-ruled the ocean with the giant shark Carcharocles megalodon , whose fossils have been found in the same locality in Peru .
Lambert and colleagues estimate that the shark was about 15 metres long – more or less the same size as the giant sperm whale .
It ’s unlikely that the two giants would have battled each other , says Lambert .
“ At such sizes , I think it would have been very dangerous for adults of both species to fight , ” he says .
“ I could more easily imagine an adult of one species attacking a juvenile of the other . ”
Spermaceti mystery
The skull may shed light on the function of the mysterious spermaceti organ .
Consisting of two oil and wax reservoirs on top of the whale ’s snout , it is specific to sperm whales ancient and modern .
“ For a long time it has been proposed that the spermaceti organ helps the whale dive deeper , ” Lambert says .
The team ’s proposal that the ancient whale fed on baleen whales , which live near the water ’s surface , suggests this may not be the case .
“ An alternative hypothesis is that spermaceti organs are used as battering rams to injure opponents during contests over females , ” says Dave Carrier at the University of Utah .
“ Leviathan melvillei may also have used forehead ramming to dispatch their suggested prey – baleen whales , ” Carrier says .
Modern killer whales lack spermaceti organs , but are well known to attack large prey by ramming with their snouts . ”
Journal reference : Nature DOI : 10.1038/nature09067
Seriously , who is advising these people ?
Oh that ’s right , BP .
Rep. Michele Bachmann :
“ The president just called for creating a fund that would be administered by outsiders , which would be more of a redistribution - of - wealth fund , ” [ … ]
“ They have to lift the liability cap .
But if I was the head of BP , I would let the signal get out there —
‘ We ’re not going to be chumps , and we ’re not going to be fleeced . ’
And they should n’t be .
They should n’t have to be fleeced and make chumps to have to pay for perpetual unemployment and all the rest — they ’ve got to be legitimate claims . ”
Reality TV has brought birth , dating , marriage , divorce , drinking , dieting , hiring , firing and old age into American homes .
And now , death .
The next four episodes of Discovery Channel ’s “ Deadliest Catch ” document in grueling detail the death of Capt .
Phil Harris , a skipper who braved the Bering Sea each winter for both Alaskan king crab and a popular TV show .
Captain Harris , 53 , died in February , almost two weeks after a crippling stroke on his ship , the Cornelia Marie , while docked at St. Paul Island off the Aleutian Islands .
Since then , the show ’s producers have grappled with a question that is new to reality TV : how do you tell a true story about a man ’s final days without crossing the boundaries of good taste and offending viewers ?
The producers say they opted not to show graphic hospital scenes of Captain Harris after the right side of his skull had been removed to relieve pressure on his brain .
Still , in the episode to be shown on Tuesday , viewers are face to face with him in the cramped stateroom minutes after his stroke ; with paramedics in the ambulance ; and with his tearful sons , Josh and Jake , who have to figure out what to do with the family business .
The forthcoming episodes “ are reflective of issues that every family has to deal with , ” said Clark Bunting , the president and general manager of Discovery Channel .
This post is in line with my previous one regarding the problem of narcissism in more recent generations .
As many of you may have probably noticed over the years , teachers and parents seem to equate high self - esteem with good grades .
Uncanny that there is a correlation between the two , but not quite in the direction they saw it .
Maybe you already know this , but I feel it 's important to emphasize : correlation does not mean causation .
Just because two things happen together , does n't mean one necessarily makes the other happen .
In this instance , teachers and parents assumed that kids with high self - esteem were more determined , confident , and successful because of it .
As it seems to be dawning on us , it 's the other way around , if anything .
What we ended up with was a group of people with a fragile sense of self who believe that the world is effortlessly theirs for the taking , eventually leading to a breach of their self - image when someone points out a flaw .
Their view of the world might not be a bad thing if these people are some form of royalty or in some social experiment where this was actually an accurate view of their situation , but clearly it is n't .
No , what we have are people who demand reverence and awe in their presence .
What happens if you do n't bow before their greatness ?
Well , there 's a number of outcomes , none of them good : they could throw a tantrum , they could violently lash out , and / or they could pout .
All very irritating , especially if you 're somehow lucky enough as to have to work with them .
Yes , we 've come to a sad realization that not everyone deserves self - esteem .
Those who do not earn it through hard work have a fragile veneer of a self .
People should feel good about themselves , but within reason .
If you 've gained a degree of success and you 've worked hard to get there , feel good !
If you 've not done much and have nothing to show , do n't despair , just aspire to achieve !
What a difference a day makes .
Earlier this week the net neutrality troops were wringing their hands at reports that the Federal Communications Commission planned to throw in the towel on the Open Internet — abandoning any effort to reclassify ISPs as common carriers , following a Federal court 's overthrow of the agency 's Order against Comcast .
But now it 's all smiles in response to Wall Street Journal and Washington Post stories indicating that , quite the contrary , FCC Chair Julius Genachowski plans to take something like that route .
Here 's part of Amy Schatz at the Journal 's dispatch , which says that FCC staff are prepping Commissioners " on how they will propose to regulate Internet lines under rules that were written for traditional phone networks .
Some of those rules wo n't be applied to Internet networks , FCC officials say , but others will be used to enforce net neutrality , or regulations that require Internet providers to treat traffic equally and not slow or block websites . "
And Cecelia Kang at the Post has her own sources , who say Genachowski plans to take a " ' third way ' approach between a weak Title I and a needlessly burdensome Title II approach . "
Those are Titles I and II of the Communications Act , for civilians .
Title I includes a definition of ISPs as " information services . "
Title II classifies phone companies as common carriers .
The target of this regulation would be ISPs , said the Post source .
But they would enjoy " broad upfront forbearance and meaningful boundaries to guard against regulatory overreach . "
So what does all this mean ?
It might mean that the FCC plans to retain classification of ISPs as " information services , " as they are now , but add some of the non-discrimination language contained in Title II to the mix .
The forebearance business might mean that ISPs could petition for regulatory relief on this front if they could prove the existence of sufficient competition in their area .
That 's what the big telcos get when it comes to line sharing .
All viable options
But why , you are doubtless wondering , did the agency earlier leak sources suggesting that they were pulling out of the net neutrality game altogether ?
It might have been a trial balloon .
If so , several members of Congress pointedly shot it down today with a letter to the agency urging the FCC to keep the faith .
" We believe that it is essential for the Commission to have oversight over these aspects of broadband policy , because they are vitally important to consumers and our growing digital economy .
For this reason , in the near term , we want the agency to use all of its existing authority to protect consumers and pursue the broad objectives of the National Broadband Plan , " wrote Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) and Senator Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) .
" To accomplish these objectives , the Commission should consider all viable options .
This includes a change in classification , provided that doing so entails a light regulatory touch , with appropriate use of forbearance authority . "
Devil in the details
Among those cautiously relieved at the latest news is Free Press , but the reform group wants to see the fine print .
" The FCC is sending a clear signal that they are backing away from the cliff , " declared Josh Silver .
" It appears they are charting a path toward a sensible broadband policy framework that will protect consumers and promote universal access .
This is extremely welcome news .
We reserve judgment , however , on whether the FCC has gone far enough to protect consumers with this new proposal . "
Less happy about this development , of course , are net neutrality foes such as Randolph May of the Free State Foundation , who had Genachowski likened to a frontier wagon master in his last statement on the issue .
Now he says he 's waiting for details , too .
" I wo n't believe that Genachowski 's going to propose regulating Internet services like legacy telephone services until I hear him say it with my own ears , " May declared .
" The turn - about in Internet policy would be radical .
It would be a mistake of historic proportions . "
The question of whether this is actually a big turnaround has already become something of an interesting debate , with some scholars suggesting that it 's only been very recently that the agency abandoned Title II as an option for ISPs .
Not senior Republican Robert M. McDowell , who has posted an interesting letter to Waxman and Rockefeller suggesting that the FCC never put ISP service under the Title II umbrella , even before its Cable Modem Order of 2002 .
Expect plenty of this sort of argument over the coming months , now that the ground is laid for full - on common carrier regulation of public Internet access .
Israeli author David Grossman has been named as the recipient of this year 's German Book Trade Peace Prize .
" The association and its members have chosen to honor one of Israels foremost authors and an active supporter of reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians , " read the statement issued by the Board of Trustees of the German Book Trade .
" [ Grossman 's ] books illustrate the extent to which we can only end the cycle of violence , hatred and displacement in the Middle East by means of listening , restraint and the power of words . "
Open gallery view David Grossman Credit : AP
David Grossman has received a number of prestigious awards for his literary work and political activism , including the Nelly Sachs Prize ( 1991 ) , the Premio Mondello ( Italy , 1996 ) , Manès Sperber Prize ( 2002 ) , the Bialik Prize ( Israel , 2004 ) , the Emet Prize ( Israel , 2007 ) , Geschwister Scholl Prize ( 2008 ) and the Albatros Prize ( 2010 ) .
The award ceremony will take place during the Frankfurt Book Fair on Sunday , October 10 , 2010 in Frankfurt , Germany , and will be broadcast live on German public television .
The Peace Prize has been awarded since 1950 and is endowed with a sum of € 25,000 .
" Dominator I " sounds more like a monster truck than a collection of small boxes that collectively erase 20 years of relatively secure wireless phone service , does n't it ?
Alas , what you 're looking at here is a convenient , plug - and - play solution for exploiting the hard work the world 's hacking community has put into cracking the A5/1 encryption used on GSM networks in Europe and the US over the past few years .
The system consists of two nondescript white boxes , two directional antennas that you 'll point in the direction of your victim , and a laptop that you can use to get a glimpse at all of the phones currently connected to your nearest cell site and record up to four active calls simultaneously -- and if you 're more of the text messaging type , Dominator I 's got you covered there , too , with full access to SMS .
The company claims that the system was " declassified only last week " and is completely undetectable both by the operator and the end user , putting it in this rare nexus of " awesome " and " completely terrifying . "
It ca n't do the 128 - bit A5/3 used in UMTS , but now that it 's been cracked in a somewhat practical way , we 're sure the Dominator II can't be far behind .
Follow the break for Meganet 's video of the system in action .
71 " Durraffe " Giraffe saying " durr durr " to a squirrel 72 Today on mythbusters , we 're gonna test the myth that you can't put a microwave in tin foil !
You can !
Yep. 73 Keanu !
Why are you sad ???
Cuz I 'm a meme .
No Keanu , you 're not sad because you 're a meme , you 're a meme because you 're sad .
SUPERSAD KEANU .
74 " Durtle " Turtle saying dur 75 Today on mythbusters , we 're testing the myth of RECURSION .
Actually we did that before .
Let 's roll that clip .
It 's real .
Myth confirmed .
76 Haha what if I photoshop some saturns behind Keanu , like he 's in space ?
Actually , Science says there 's only one Saturn .
Science is the name of my bulldog .
There 's only one Saturn .
I heard it on mythbusters .
77 Your resume says your last job was " prostitute " ??
Oh sorry , that 's supposed to say " prostate toot " .
Oh okay .
78 " Buttdurfly " Butterfly saying dur 79 Science , I 'm dogsitting for my friend .
Play nice .
His name is Intelligent Design .
Uh oh , are we gonna have a conflict ?
Durrr .
Oh he 's a Durberman Pinscher .
80 Today on mythbusters , we 're gonna test the myth that Jamie is a racist !
Jamie , you 're not racist , right ?
No wizzle shizzle , dawg .
MIF BUSSID !!!
Source :
April 06 , 2010 09:44 IST
The Save Indian Family Foundation , a men's rights organisation fighting against misuse of marital laws and domestic violence act , on Monday , voiced its concern over section 498 A ( harassment ) of IPC being filed against Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik and reiterated its demand for scrapping it .
" Marriage disputes before , during and after marriage are civil disputes and they have to be tried under a civil court .
It has become a regular habit for women and their families to invoke section 498A for every petty dispute in marriage " , the organisation said .
" It is dangerous if every marriage or relationship dispute is considered a crime by the Government and it sends police to interrogate , counsel or settle these marital disputes .
" What crime did Shoaib Malik commit that he is victimised in this way ? " SIFF activists asked .
" Whether the claims by Ayesha Siddiqui are false or true , that is up to a family court or civil court to decide and give a judgment " , it said .
They demand the Government scrap section 498 A of IPC on April 16 as soon as Parliament meets for budget session .
Section 498A is the most misused , it said .
In 2008 , more than 81,000 cases were registered under the section which resulted in arrest of 37369 women and 127492 men .
Following up on Stephen Hawking 's warning about hostile extraterrestrials , the nutty professor has produced an Instructable about building a time machine .
Well , sort of anyway .
The mind - spinningly brilliant physicist and cosmologist wrote a lengthy piece for the Daily Mail about the very real possibility of time travel , and how it might work .
From the Daily Mail :
Time travel was once considered scientific heresy .
I used to avoid talking about it for fear of being labelled a crank .
But these days I 'm not so cautious .
In fact , I 'm more like the people who built Stonehenge .
I 'm obsessed by time .
If I had a time machine I 'd visit Marilyn Monroe in her prime or drop in on Galileo as he turned his telescope to the heavens .
Perhaps
I 'd even travel to the end of the universe to find out how our whole cosmic story ends .
To see how this might be possible , we need to look at time as physicists do – at the fourth dimension .
It 's not as hard as it sounds .
Every attentive schoolchild knows that all physical objects , even me in my chair , exist in three dimensions .
Everything has a width and a height and a length .
But there is another kind of length , a length in time .
While a human may survive for 80 years , the stones at Stonehenge , for instance , have stood around for thousands of years .
And the solar system will last for billions of years .
Everything has a length in time as well as space .
Travelling in time means travelling through this fourth dimension .
President Obama 's handling of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico got a boost of sorts from an unlikely source : Republican Ron Paul .
The Texas congressman , known for his libertarian world view , said on the Don Imus show today on Fox Business News that he believes attacks on Obama 's response to the oil spill have been too harsh .
" I just do n't see the justification for coming down hard on the president , " Paul said .
Paul said the criticism of Obama " represents the idea that the American people think the president is everything to everybody , that he can fix an oil leak .
Somebody says ' well , the government should do more . '
I say I 'm in the government and I do n't know anything about fixing oil leaks . "
Paul , who described himself as a " pretty strong critic " of Obama , also added that he thought criticisms of President George W. Bush after Hurricane Katrina were " overkill . "
Some Republicans have not been kind to the Obama administration 's response to the oil spill .
On Sunday , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a Republican , said on ABC's This Week that he thought " there could have been a greater sense of urgency . "
Other Louisiana politicians and Gulf Coast residents have also criticized the administration in this recent USA TODAY article .
Cal Jillson , a political science professor at Southern Methodist University , said Paul 's remarks are in line with his libertarian values , telling USA TODAY that " libertarians tend to minimize their expectations of governments . "
Ron Paul is not the first member of his family to speak out about Obama 's handling of the oil spill .
His son , Rand Paul , the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate in Kentucky , said on ABC's Good Morning America last month that Obama 's criticism of British Petroleum , the company that caused the spill , was " un-American . "
( Reported by Naomi Jagoda )
( Update : We ’ve received a lot of feedback about how the new Wikipedia identity functions in different browsers , and we ’re working on some minor improvements over the next few days .
We ’ve captured much of the feedback below , and now encourage users to visit this thread on Wikimedia Commons where you can further comment on a revised version , currently being tested on our prototype Wikipedia .
Thanks ! )
Later today you ’ll be reading about one of the first major changes to Wikipedia ’s user interface .
A significant part of that change is a minor , but noticeable refinement to one of the most - recognized logos on the internet : the Wikipedia puzzle globe .
Our puzzle globe has an amazing story , and its creation and localization across more than 250 distinct language versions of Wikipedia is a collaborative design achievement .
The original globe was created in 2003 following a historical logo - creation contest on Wikipedia .
The original winning design came from Paul Stansifer ( Wikipedia User : Paullusmagnus ) , a design that was then revised to reflect the international breadth of Wikipedia by David Friedland ( User:nohat ) — the version users around the world have grown to know as Wikipedia ’s puzzle globe .
Just over a year ago we saw a need to update the beloved Wikipedia globe , both to resolve some minor typographic errors found by our volunteers , and to develop a high - resolution version with gradient qualities ( it is a sphere , after all ) that could be used in a variety of new settings .
It was a perfect opportunity to build a new model that would be completely 3D in its design .
To complete the project we would need help from a 3D designer , and we ’d go back to our community of volunteer contributors to examine what the 52 or so un-identified puzzle pieces might look like .
A new chapter in the history of the logo was written as volunteers examined languages and scripts that were not represented in the previous iteration of the puzzle globe .
Several small errors were corrected , and the Klingon character was replaced with an Amharic character ( Klingon Wikipedia wound down in 2005 ) .
A great history of the puzzle globe , not surprisingly , can be found on Wikipedia .
The actual 3D construction of the new mark was carried out by a San Francisco bay area professional 3D animator , art director , and graphic designer , Philip Metschan .
Through his career Philip has worked for Industrial Light and Magic and Pixar , and currently he ’s also a visualization and concept artist for the DIRECT program .
The results are fantastic , and now you can see many new languages and scripts represented .
The final state for our puzzle globe is quite similar to the original .
The ‘ hero ’ version closely resembles the shape , and orientation of the original .
You can review more details about the revised identity , and see some of its current physical manifestations , here .
Aside from the puzzle globe , you ’ll also notice a small refinement to the text underneath the puzzle globe .
To facilitate the incredible work of our volunteers in localizing the Wikipedia identity into over 250 languages and character sets , it was decided to use Linux Libertine ( an open - source typeface ) as an alternative to Hoefler .
“ The Free Encyclopedia ” tag line has also lost its italics to facilitate better on - screen reading ( although we ’re pretty sure everyone on the internet knows those words by now ) .
You can see the incredible volunteer effort of localizing these new Wikipedia identies unfold here .
This is a small part of the next steps for Wikipedia in terms of look and feel , but we hope the revised logo is a useful and more practical tool for our volunteer chapters and volunteers around the world .
We ’d love to hear your feedback as well , because like any great and visible logo , small improvements are always in store .
Our thanks to the whole usability team , Philip Metschan , and the dozens of volunteers who have helped make this project a reality .
We also recognize the original efforts of David Friedland , Paul Stansifer , and those early pioneers who brought this identity to life in 2003 .
We hope it ’s a lasting tribute and a testament to the incredible impact this symbol makes on millions of people every day .
Jay Walsh , Head of Communications
Archive notice :
This is an archived post from blog .
wikimedia.org , which operated under different editorial and content guidelines than Diff .
How to develop hello world mobile application using android
We started with android introduction few days back and plunged into android revolution .
The next step in android development is to jump start by installing the components needed for the development .
This is the guide for installation although the android developers website provide much help for newbie developers , I will try with some screen shots and some solution for common errors during the installation .
Step 1 – Check basic requirements
what will you need ?
Eclipse IDE
Download Eclipse IDE from http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ , select the java developers package or java EE developer package .
You will get an zip file after downloading , Extract it to some location in your local drives . [
Do Extract the package and dont run the application as is in zip file ]
Java Developers Kit( JDK )
Download JDK 5 or 6 from http://java.sun.com/javase/downloads/index.jsp and complete the installation .
Step 2 – Installing Android development tool ( ADT ) for eclipse IDE
You have to install the ADT plugin to your Eclipse IDE inorder to develop android applications .
You cannot directly download this ADT plugin , you can only download through the IDE interface .
Now run the Eclipse application and select Help > Install New Software .
In the Available Software dialog box , click Add
Provide a name for your remote site ex : Android plugin
In the Location field , enter the URL : http://dl-ssl.google.com/android/eclipse/
[ I am using http instead of https to avoid the “ Failed to fetch ” error . ]
Now you will see a window like shown below , check the developer tools check box to select DDMS and development tools.
click Next
click Next and accept the terms and conditions and click Finish .
Step – 3 Install the android Software development Kit( SDK )
Download the android SDK for windows , Mac and linux and extract to a location and run SDK Setup.exe [ Location of this SDK setup is to be
After some moments android SDK and AVD manager will start and you will be prompted to select the packages you wish to install , select as per your needs but minimum you have to select one platform ex- android 2.2 , android 2.1 etc
Then click install selected
wait for the installation to complete . [ Here I have selected SDK API , documentation , Platform and samples .
Step 4 – Setting up Android Virtual Device ( AVD )
Android virtual device is the emulator that provides the virtual output for our applications .
In Android SDK and AVD Manager go to Virtual devices and select ->
New
provide the name of the virtual device and select target to your installed platform .
here I have installed android 2.2 .
If it ca n’t able to select the target then you did n’t installed any android platform packages .
Leave the other settings as is [ This setting is used for emulator configuration ] click create AVD and OK
Step 5 – Configuring Eclipse ADT
Before starting to develop applications , you need to configure eclipse ADT plugin to properly work with SDK .
Open Eclipse IDE and click window then preferences and select Android in the left pane .
Now click browse and select the path where the android SDK is extracted in step 3 click apply and OK .
If selected correctly the target name will be displayed in the window .
If not selected the target name wo n’t be displayed .
Step 6 – Starting an android project
The trouble some part is over .
Now click file ->
New -> Project in Eclipse
Select Android -> Android project
Select
Project name : HelloAndroid
Application name : Hello , Android
Package name : com.example.helloandroid
Create Activity : HelloAndroid
click finish .
Now the application is ready , Your Android project is now ready .
Open the
1
HelloAndroid.java
file , located inside HelloAndroid > src > com.example.helloandroid
Change the code to
package com.example.helloandroid ; import android.app.Activity ; import android.os .
Bundle ; import android.widget.TextView ; public class HelloAndroid extends Activity { /**
Called when the activity is first created .
*/ @ Override public void on Create ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { super.on Create( savedInstanceState ) ; TextView tv = new TextView ( this ) ; tv.setText ( " Hello , Android " ) ; setContentView ( tv ) ; } }
Step 7 – Run your first mobile application
Select run ->run -> android application
The android emulator will show up .
It will take some time for the dive to boot up for first time .
Finally Hello world application is executed on the AVD .
Watch Our Android category for next tutorial .
Subscribe to our rss feeds
Share your comments about android installation .
See also : Android 3.0 Honeycomb demo by Google - Full video on new features
Developer ’s Link
http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html
Eclipse ADT
Former Bush Education Secretary : Kids do n’t need ‘ somebody ’s political ideas ’
Without actually doing any polling , it ’s probably safe to assume that far less than one in five dentists believe that the best way to teach children is to make sure school textbooks “ tone down criticisms of the Red Scare and Sen .
Joe McCarthy ’s anti-communist hearings of the 1950s and portray programs like the United Nations General Assembly , funding for global humanitarian relief and global environmental initiatives as threats to individual freedom . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Dr. Don McLeroy , outgoing member of the Texas State Board of Education , told CNN ’s Kiran Chetry that he is “ proud ” of the changes made to textbooks .
I think we ’ve really done a really good job .
We ’ve gotten so much input that we really have got strong standards .
I think one of the – one standard that I ’m most proud of and one that I ’m really glad to see is actually – and so actually ( ph ) compare and contrast the language of the first amendment , religious protections , the establishment and free exercise clause , with the phrase separation of church and state .
The second thing that I really am proud of our new standards is they ’ve given emphasis on the founders , the founding documents on the principles on which America was great , and then that follows and led to what we would referred to in the new standard called American exceptionalism .
We have a standard that has the students evaluate the mottos of “ In God We Trust ” , “ E Pluribus Unum , ” “ Out of Many , One ” .
I believe we – our students deserve to know the original course on which this country was founded that led to such an exceptional country that we live in and they would be taught that .
That ’s why I ’m so excited and proud to put my name on the standards .
On the other side is someone from roughly the same ideological side , but at odds with the Texas school board .
Former Secretary of Education for President Bush , Rod Paige , told Chetry , “ The core issue is political ideology filtering down in what we teach our children .
And our children deserve an authentic expression of history , not somebody ’s political ideas . ”
While reporting on “ 10 of the conservative , reactionary , or just plain bizarre changes the board is likely to adopt , ” Newsweek ’s Barrett Sheridan recently noted , “ Many of the proposed changes come from Don McLeroy , a creationist , former school board member , and dentist from Bryan , Texas .
One of his gems : students must learn to ‘ evaluate efforts by global organizations to undermine U.S. sovereignty . ’
To clarify , he ’s referring to the United Nations , not Goldman Sachs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The rest of the top five of Sheridan ’s top ten :
2 . You ’ve got to give McLeroy credit for long - term thinking , though .
He also expects students to be able to “ discuss alternatives regarding long - term entitlements such as Social Security and Medicare , given the decreasing worker - to - retiree ratio . ”
Presumably the favored alternatives will not include national health care or raising taxes .
Religion , of course , makes its way into the curriculum .
McLeroy wants students to “ contrast the Founders ’ intent relative to the wording of the First Amendment ’s Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause , with the popular term , ‘ Separation of Church and State . ' ”
It ’s a veiled way of asserting that America is , indeed , a Christian nation .
Currently , Texan students are expected to learn about “ the impact of muckrakers and reform leaders ” such as Upton Sinclair and W.E.B. DuBois .
McLeroy instead wants students to “ contrast the tone ” of such people “ versus the optimism of immigrants including Jean Pierre Godet as told in Thomas Kinkade ’s The Spirit of America . ”
Kinkade is the schlocky , sentimental painter popular in malls everywhere .
5 . McLeroy also wants to clear the name of Joseph McCarthy .
In sections of history books that deal with McCarthyism and the House Un- American Activities Committee , McLeroy wants to emphasize first and foremost “ the extent and danger of Soviet agent infiltration of the U.S. government as revealed in Alger Hiss ’ guilt and confirmed later by the Venona Papers . ”
The AP recently noted :
ADVERTISEMENT
Dentist Don McLeroy helped make the State Board of Education a lightning rod this year with his ideological approach to rewriting social studies standards for Texas schools .
McLeroy , the most outspoken member of the board ’s conservative wing , has pushed for standards that reflect conservative Christian values .
Although he lost his bid for re-election in the March primary , he has refused to go quietly and still hopes to leave his stamp on the state ’s social studies curriculum with a series of amendments he ’ll offer this week .
On CNN , Chetry asked Paige , “ Why do you believe , though , as you said , that this puts Texas students at a competitive disadvantage once they move on to higher education or a job market ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Right , ” Paige responded .
“ I would n’t argue that there are n’t some good things in the current standards .
That ’s not the point at all .
The point is , we ’ve allowed our educational system to become captive to political thinking , both this particular current board and the one in 1999 that this board is responding to . ”
So it ’s the concept of we are letting politics take over our education .
And it does n’t matter which spectrum and where that spectrum falls , to the right or left .
We want – want it to be free as possible , our political ideologies , depending on who got elected to the state board at that particular time .
This video is from CNN ’s American Morning , broadcast May 24 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The late Brian Duffy , one of the photographers whose work defined the 1960s , talks about his life , his work and why he disappeared from view and burned his negatives in the 70s .
A tribute to Brian Duffy , who passed away in May 2010 .
Duffy was one of the greatest photographers of his generation .
Along with David Bailey and Terence Donovan he defined the image of the 1960s and was as famous as the stars he photographed .
In the 1970s he suddenly disappeared from view and burned all his negatives .
Filmed on the eve of the first - ever exhibition of his work , Duffy agrees to talk about his life , his work and why he made it all go up in flames .
Many of us use software firewalls , virus scanners , and other security software on our PCs .
We expect this software to make our computers safer , but some new research suggests that it contains a whole host of exploitable vulnerabilities .
The Matousec researchers found that common software tools , including Norton Internet Security 2010 , McAfee Total Protection 2010 , and Trend Micro Internet Security Pro all had flaws that allowed attackers to bypass the protections that these programs offer .
The malicious software can do this without even having to run as an Administrator .
The common feature of the vulnerable software is that it patches the Windows kernel to enable it to intercept certain operations like opening files or killing processes , a process called hooking .
Windows lists all these functions in a table , the System Service Descriptor Table ( SSDT ) , with each function having a number specifying its position in the table .
To call a kernel function from nonkernel — user - mode — software , Windows essentially tells the processor to switch into kernel mode and call the function with the desired number .
By overwriting entries in the table , the security software can intercept function calls .
In addition to choosing the function to call , the user - mode program must also pass in any necessary data to the function — for example , the name of the file to open .
The kernel has very strict rules on which memory it can access ; incorrect memory accesses that merely cause a user - mode program to crash will cause the entire kernel to fail , resulting in a system - halting blue screen of death .
This means that these hooked functions have to carefully validate the parameters that are passed to them to ensure that they do not refer to any memory that is inaccessible .
After validating the parameters , the security software then typically performs some check such as ensuring that a call to NtTerminateProcess , the API that terminates processes , does not attempt to terminate one of the security software 's own programs .
Finally , the hooks call the real functions , so that Windows can actually perform the requested operation .
When doing this , the hooks pass in the original parameters unmodified , to ensure that the real kernel function operates correctly .
This is where the vulnerability lies .
Programs can change the meaning of the parameters after they pass to hooked functions .
If the change is made at just the right time — after the validation , but before they get sent to the original kernel function — the program can give the hook function data that it accepts , but then replace it with data that would be rejected .
So , for example , it would make a call to NtTerminateProcess with a reference to a harmless process , and then quickly replace the reference with one to the security software itself .
The hook would see the harmless process and permit the operation to continue , but the real kernel function would see the reference to the security software , and duly terminate it .
This requires careful timing on the part of the attacker .
The replacement has to be made just at the right moment .
Too soon , and the hook will attempt to validate the malicious parameters and reject the call .
Too late , and the harmless data will already have been passed on to the real function .
This might seem improbable , but it turns out that an attack specially written to target anti-virus and firewall software by using these hooks can successfully switch around its parameters after just a handful of attempts .
The researchers found exploitable versions of this vulnerability in every program they tested , including products from McAfee , Trend Micro , and Kaspersky .
In fact , the researchers said that the only reason that they found exploits in only 34 products was that they only had time to test 34 products ( Microsoft , for its part , believes that its security software is not affected , but is still investigating the issue ) .
Many others may be vulnerable too .
They also developed a toolkit dubbed KHOBE ( " kernel hook bypassing engine " ) to allow the rapid detection and exploitation of such flaws .
Matousec initially believed the technique they were using to exploit the security software was newly discovered .
After publication , however , they became aware that the basic technique was documented as a way of attacking Unix way back in 1996 .
A 2003 posting to security mailing list Bugtraq described using the same technique against Windows .
A matter of timing
However , until relatively recently , successful exploitation was almost impossible .
To have time to switch the parameter data around , the attacking program needs to make sure that one of its threads gets a chance to run during the window of vulnerability .
On a single - core machine , where only one thread can run at any one time , the probability of a thread switch occurring at just the right time ( to allow the replacement to be made ) is so low that the software is all but unexploitable .
But multicore systems , capable of running multiple threads simultaneously , are a lot more plentiful today than they were in 2003 — let alone 1996 .
With multiple cores running concurrently , the timing issue is greatly reduced .
Though software cannot guarantee that it will be able to replace the data at just the right time , it is free to try again over and over , and after a few attempts it can generally pull off a successful attack .
The growth of multicore processors has turned an attack that was mostly theoretical into one that 's practical and reliable .
This is n't the first vulnerability found in security software that modifies the SSDT .
In 2007 Matousec published a list of flawed programs that had errors in their hooks that allowed attackers to crash machines or even escalate their privileges , enabling malicious software to run with all the privileges that the kernel has .
Though this new , old flaw does not appear to carry this kind of risk — it can't be used to achieve escalated privileges , and attackers must already be able to run software on the victim 's system .
But it does mean that victims can have their security software disabled at the whims of attackers .
The researchers did n't describe any solutions for the problems in its public paper , though they do have them available to paying customers .
The difficulty inherent in any solution is that to ensure that the real function operates properly , the hooks should n't modify any of the parameters , but instead must pass the original ones .
This is what permits the attacks to be made , but seems hard to avoid .
In particular , what might seem the obvious naive approach — have the hook function copy all the user data into memory that it controls ( so it can not be altered by the malicious software — does not work well .
This is because Windows applies different security checks depending on whether a call is made from user - mode , using user - mode memory addresses , or kernel - mode .
In addition to performing the validation mentioned previously , user - mode calls are also subject to access control list ( ACL ) checks .
ACLs are used to secure things like files and registry keys , and are an essential part of Windows ' security .
Only user - mode calls need to have ACLs checked .
Kernel - mode calls do not , because the kernel is privileged and is allowed access to any file on the system .
Hooks generally do n't perform this kind of verification because getting it right is complicated and error - prone .
Moreover , there 's no need : as long as the hooks pass the original parameters to the real function , the real function will do all that work for them .
The complexity of these checks means that the naive approach is itself risky , and hence a poor solution to the problem .
A 64 - bit solution ?
One thing that might be a solution is switching to 64 - bit Windows .
64 - bit Windows largely prohibits this kind of kernel modification with a system called PatchGuard .
With PatchGuard , any attempt to update the SSDT will result in the machine blue - screening shortly thereafter .
On the face of it , PatchGuard should be a perfect cure , since it forces security software vendors to use different techniques such as using Windows ' built - in filtering mechanisms .
Unfortunately for end -users , a number of security companies — the same security companies that routinely write insecure , exploitable kernel hooks — complained about PatchGuard , claiming that it prevented them from writing effective security software for 64 - bit operating systems .
Microsoft eventually relented , offering an API to allow certain patching operations to be performed by third parties .
The API that Microsoft offered in response to the security software vendors ' demands is not public , so whether it permits SSDT patching is uncertain .
Given the consistently flawed attempts to hook the SSDT , and the difficulty in making those hooks robust , a good case can be made that such operations should remain prohibited .
Furthermore , not all security software uses SSDT hooks , so clearly this risky technique can be avoided altogether .
In spite of its limitations , this research reveals an effective technique for crippling a wide range of security software .
It is unfortunate that Matousec could not test more software so that we could better gauge just how widespread the problem is , and see if there 's anything on the market that avoids it .
As things stand , though , it appears that even unprivileged malware can readily disable the firewall and anti-virus software that many people depend on , and that can't be a good thing .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
Love it or loathe it , there 's no arguing that the adult entertainment industry has been at the forefront of technology throughout the growth of the Internet .
The adult industry operates on a shoestring and has figured out how to deploy secure and scalable sites on the cheap .
We 'll take a cue from the system administrators of smut to get five easy lessons on managing uptime , security and lowering TCO ( total cost of ownership ) -- and all with a G rating .
Why porn ?
Well , about 12 percent of the sites on the Web contain adult content .
The online adult industry pulls in nearly US $ 5 billion a year worldwide .
Most of the world 's adult entertainment sites , a.k.a. porn sites , operate on a relatively thin budget , and almost all of them run on open source .
There 's plenty of adult content available online , so sites can't count on scarcity to drive business .
There 's money to be made , but only if a company is smart about its IT setup .
Probably sounds a lot like your business , does n't it ?
Aside from the actual content , it is .
So what can we learn from the folks in the adult industry ?
1. Use Open Source , and Lots of It
Anything that drives costs down is a win , and open source is the best and most cost - effective tool you 'll find in most cases for infrastructure .
Take any given adult site and use Netcraft to query the site and see what its hosting infrastructure is .
You 'll probably find that it's a typical LAMP stack , and almost certainly not a Windows Server environment .
And when we say LAMP , that means lots and lots of Perl .
Find any way to reduce licensing costs , re-use components , and embrace open source for as many commodity components as possible .
This does n't mean proprietary software is " bad , " it just means that when it comes to providing infrastructure for successful and robust websites , open source rules the roost .
One favorite is the Catalyst Web Framework , which is easy to use and extend , and runs on pretty much any operating system and any major Web server .
This framework got a boost when adult site YouPorn went looking to hire developers familiar with Catalyst and DBIC .
Catalyst also handles the more family - friendly BBC iPlayer site that gets something like 9 million page views daily .
If it can handle that , it can handle your site just as easily .
2. Stick With Tried and True
It 's true that adult sites have ridden the wave of technology and have helped push the envelope for the rest of the Web in some ways .
For instance , few sites are successful by requiring non-mainstream browser plug-ins .
Plenty of companies have embraced Flash because it 's everywhere , or use standard media codecs that are likely to be available on the majority of computers .
However , there 's no advantage in embracing the cutting edge when it provides nothing compelling for the user .
Case in point , frameworks and Web development techniques that were current five years ago are just fine for sites that only need to serve up images and movies .
Few webmasters are rushing to rip and replace their site designs and templates just to be using the newest technology .
Perl is still extremely popular with adult sites due to performance , but PHP is also pretty well - represented .
You 're not going to find a bunch of Ruby on Rails or Django sites because it 's harder to find Python and Ruby developers on the cheap .
Perl developers can fall back on CPAN , PHP developers have PEAR and many resources to get started or overcome hurdles .
Ruby and Python have strong communities as well , but the talent bench is n't quite as deep yet .
3. Caching Rules
Find ways to cache content so that your server is spending as little time as possible generating dynamic pages or reading data off disk .
Using Memcached or other caching technologies ensure that the site can serve data as quickly as possible .
This goes back to using tried and true frameworks as much as possible .
Most CMS platforms and development frameworks already have caching technologies that work well with them .
No need to reinvent the wheel , just find the right plug - in or caching technology that suits your framework / CMS .
Spend as little development time as possible reimplementing features that can be found elsewhere .
4. Good Database Design
If your site depends heavily on a database back - end , it 's crucial that the database design be as efficient as possible .
With an off - the - shelf CMS , this usually is not a problem .
However , in - house applications need to be optimized to hit the database as little as possible ( see point 3 ) .
Developers need to do extensive testing before deployment and ensure that they 're not making unnecessary ( and resource - intensive ) database queries .
Remember the rule about optimization .
In the adult entertainment world , nobody likes things premature , and in the development world , premature optimization is to be avoided .
Only spend time optimizing code if it 's likely to have a real - world impact .
Otherwise , spend your time elsewhere .
Guess what ?
Optimizing your database design is one of the areas where it will pay off , guaranteed .
Leading up to the last tip , be sure that you 're protected against SQL injection attacks .
Check all user input for problems to avoid SQL injection attacks .
Also , use best practices to ensure that even if an attacker manages to insert a malicious SQL statement , the changes are undone when the transaction is finished .
5. Security First
Be sure to keep security in mind above all else .
This is particularly true for adult sites , which are attractive targets for attackers .
But just because your organization 's
Web presence may be less prone to attack does n't mean it 's safe .
Treat your site like you 're always under attack and storing thousands of credit card numbers -- which may well be true .
Perform security audits on a regular basis .
Make sure you have intrusion detection and monitoring set up .
It should go without saying that you should be tracking security advisories and updating your systems accordingly .
Any pages or parts of your site that require authentication should be accessed over secure connections .
OpenSSL does n't cost extra , and the dynamic languages all have mature bindings that leverage it .
A security breach is not just a cost in terms of the money and time lost in recovering from the attack .
It also could cost your business your customers ' trust .
That 's deadly no matter what line of business you 're in .
It 's easy to feel complacent if you have n't experienced a successful attack , but the first one is always around the corner .
Really , all of these tips apply to any site .
It 's not just the adult industry that has the lock on good , scalable designs .
We 've kept this list family - friendly -- but it made you want to look , did n't it ?
Jeff Hobbs is director of engineering at ActiveState , overseeing development of all ActiveState products from language distributions to development tools and Web - based solutions .
Chronic stress triggers an excess release of stress like cortisol and adrenaline .
They , in turn , raise your blood pressure , constrict your arteries , and help generate clots associated with heart attacks and stroke .
Stress also disturbs the balance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems , the two branches of the autonomic ( ANS ) .
Too much sympathetic " arousal " - from stress - leads to the well - known fight - or - flight mode , an alert and readiness state that switches on in reaction to imminent danger , like fighting in a battle .
In today 's volatile world , many people live in a constant state of physiological arousal .
In NASCAR terms , their engines are always racing .
Revved - up sympathetic activity overwhelms the calming influence of the parasympathetic nervous system .
The result , among other things , is a heightened risk of hypertension , arrhythmias , and even sudden death .
Clinically , we can determine sympathetic overdrive by measuring heart rate variability ( HRV ) , the beat - to - beat alterations in heart rate .
HRV represents an indicator of nervous system balance on heart function and simultaneously a yardstick of both acute and chronic stress .
People with low variability are less able to " go with the flow " when faced with stress and are more prone to stress - related disorders , including cardiovascular disease .
Years ago I learned that stress reduction does the heart a huge service and in the process promotes quality and quantity of life .
Unfortunately , in this time - strapped , discipline - phobic society of ours , the pursuit of stress reduction gets a lot of lip service but little actual servicing .
However , I bear great news .
I have found what may prove to be the easiest form of stress - busting on the planet .
The method is , in fact , none other than the planet itself -- connecting with the ground beneath your feet !
Here 's the amazing background .
The Earth 's surface is charged with natural , subtle electric energy .
I like to call it Vitamin .
The G stands for ground .
Throughout practically all of history humans were naturally connected to this energy .
They walked barefoot .
They sat and slept directly on the Earth .
Modern living , however , has erected artificial barriers between people and the natural energetic surface of the Earth - - barriers such as shoes with synthetic soles .
And , of course , we no longer sleep on the ground .
Although we supposedly live on the Earth , we actually live above it , and disconnected to it .
We have essentially lost our " electrical roots " to the Earth and may be suffering as a result , and more seriously than you could ever imagine .
I recently co-authored a book about the discovery of how reconnecting to the omnipresent and gentle energy field on the surface of the Earth has a phenomenal effect on health .
The surface energy takes the form of a virtually unlimited reservoir of negatively - charged free electrons , subatomic particles absorbed by your body when you make physical ( barefoot ) contact with the ground .
Once in your body , the electrons appear to stop the rampage of positively - charged involved in and inflammation .
This is a landmark discovery because so much pain and so many major diseases , among them cardiovascular disease , cancer , diabetes , and autoimmune disorders , are linked to chronic inflammation .
Earth 's energy also appears to restore a natural electrical state inside the body , stabilizing the intricate bioelectrical circuitry that runs your physiology .
In the process , the nervous system shifts towards a parasympathetic and calming direction .
Observations and research over the last dozen years have shown that when people sleep on conductive sheets connected to the Earth 's energy they experience better sleep and more energy , relief of chronic and pain , and faster recovery from injuries .
Cortisol normalizes .
People feel better and report feeling less .
In 2008 , I participated in an experiment to measure the effect of Earth 's energy on HRV .
In this study , patches were placed on the bare soles of twenty - eight healthy individuals sitting in an office chair .
The patches were connected by a wire to a ground rod inserted into the Earth , simulating the effect of being barefoot outside .
Electrophysiological measurements were taken for forty minutes while each participant was connected to the Earth and then for a similar period while unconnected .
The results , to be published later this year , showed a trend in a very short period of time toward improved HRV and balancing the nervous system that goes beyond mere relaxation .
Whether through being barefoot outside or working , sitting , or on indoor systems that conduct the Earth 's energy , this concept offers a surprisingly simple and natural way to help alleviate chronic stress and pain , poor sleep , and many common symptoms .
We are largely disconnected from the Earth .
We need to reconnect .
If this concept seems far - out or far - fetched to you , think of a time you walked on the wet sand at the beach or on grass wet with dew .
Do you recall feeling a warm , tingling sensation , or a feeling of ease and well - being ?
If so , what you felt was the Earth 's energy .
When your body is exposed to it regularly , this same energy is amazingly restorative and healing to the body .
Whenever you feel stressed or have pain I invite you to try the barefoot test .
Go outside and plant your bare feet on sand , grass , or even concrete , preferably a bit moist for added conductivity .
Read , listen to music , or just watch the birds or passing parade , but stay there in direct physical contact with the ground -- the skin of your body touching the " skin of the Earth " - - for at least a half hour or 40 minutes .
At the end of that time you will notice the difference in your pain or stress level compared to when you started .
You will be very surprised .
For more information , refer to the book I co-authored : Earthing : The Most Important Health Discovery Ever ? ( Basic Health Publications , 2010 ) .
The book tells the fascinating story of a great discovery , the science behind it , and the dramatic stories of people who have reconnected with the Earth and who have less pain and stress in their lives as a result .
To read the scientific studies in full , visit the website www.earthinginstitute.net
On the date ( June 8 ) when the Chinese State Council issued its white paper on Internet policy , asserting the significance of online public opinion in monitoring the government , a labour research website ( zggr.cn ) was forced to shut down for publishing “ inappropriate content ” .
The so called inappropriate content was a statement signed by 11 local academics and 60 overseas intellectuals in support of the Chinese workers ’ strike in Honda .
( English version of the statement )
According to the open letter issued by the website , they wrote to the Beijing authorities back in June 12 and requested the reopening of the website , however , there is n't any response so far .
They also called the Internet management office but they avioded giving any concrete reply .
The website , initially called China labour ( zggr.org ) , is founded in May 1 , 2005 and registered properly in the authority .
In 2006 , the website was forced to shut down after publishing a statement to the People 's Congress by state corporate workers .
They claimed that the website was illegal as it had not paid the RMB10 million for registering as a news portal .
They were forced to change the nature of the website to a labour research blog .
This time , the shut down was due to the publishing of “ inappropriate content without permission ” .
The open letter , circulated via email , was addressed to the head of the State Council Information Office 's Internet Affairs Bureau criticizing its hostility towards a pro-working class website .
Spurred by a number of articles that have been released in recent years , the audiophile community has long been divided by the original PlayStation .
According to reviewers at audiophile publications and websites such as 6moons and Stereophile , the original PlayStation , model number SCPH - 1001 , can go toe - to - toe with the likes of the $ 6000 CD players that many self - proclaimed audiophiles swear by .
A pretty lofty claim for a console that can be easily found online for around $ 30 to be sure .
If you ’re wondering why this particular model family is praised over the others , it ’s because PS1s under this model number feature separate white and red RCA jacks , which audiophiles can use to output sound using their “ audiophile quality ” ( read : expensive ) cables to their expensive amps and listen to them with their expensive headphones or even more expensive speaker setups .
Color me curious .
I , unfortunately , do not have a PS1 that hails from the fabled SCPH - 1001 model family .
Mine instead is one of the later models , specifically of the SCPH - 5501 variety which apparently uses the same high - quality DAC so , theoretically , I should be able to achieve similar results from it .
The only problem is that I can only use the A/V multi out port on my PS1 and the AV cables that came with it .
No matter , since I do n’t have any of these expensive cables or tube amps to plug it into and I figure , for my purposes of merely evaluating its sound quality from the perspective of an audiophile on a budget , the AV cables , with an adapter , will do fine .
Besides , I ’ve heard some reports saying that excellent sound quality can be achieved through the multi out as well as the RCA jacks so I ’m not too worried .
So , I set everything up , turned it on and inserted the first of many CDs I would be using to test this baby out and sat down with my RE0s , which are still among the most neutral sounding IEMs and thus are very well suited to this task , and gave it a listen .
The sound output by the PS1 was actually quite good .
Bass seems to be slightly accented but it does n’t sound bloated or flabby in any way .
The low end is surprisingly well controlled and has a smooth but detailed sort of texture which comes across as decently defined and surprisingly energetic .
The only aspect of the low end I think needs improvement is extension , which is n’t particularly amazing .
The midrange is best described as vibrant and forward .
Vocals come through loud and clear and have an “ in your face ” quality that might turn off some listeners but was rather pleasant sounding in my experience .
Instruments are well placed throughout the stage but there is a tiny sense of muddiness throughout the range that makes things sound a bit less clear and resolved .
fortunately , this muddiness is only barely detectable in most cases and does n’t detract from the sound signature too much .
I was immediately surprised by the aggressiveness of the midrange but also surprised at its ability to stay in its proper place .
Yes , it does come off as “ shouty ” and occasionally somewhat gritty or edgy but it ’s not too offensive or jarring .
It adds a sort of vibrancy and vivacity to the otherwise smooth and relaxed sound that is really quite enjoyable .
The high end is also rather good , boasting decent refinement , extension and clarity .
I did notice that treble can be a tad bright and sounds a bit recessed in comparison to the mids and bass but on the whole , it is nicely integrated into the rest of the sound signature .
Highs sparkle and shine , resonating with detail and brightness without becoming strident .
Soundstaging and imaging are both great on my PS1 and even through my RE0s , which are somewhat limited in terms of soundstage width and depth , seem to have opened up considerably due to the PS1 ’s ability to present a somewhat expansive and three dimensional soundstage .
As I said before , it ’s also surprisingly easy to pick out where instruments are placed on the stage .
The PS1 is great at portraying intimacy while still managing to preserve the expansiveness of certain recordings .
To analogize this , the sound signature is sort of like an order of spicy buffalo wings dipped in a cool ranch sauce .
The smooth , creamy texture of the ranch hits your taste buds first and paves the way for the spicy kick .
Okay , that ’s a dumb analogy , but bear with me .
This blend of calm and aggressive keeps things interesting .
It ’s smooth enough to be relaxing when listening to slower selections and exciting enough to be engaging for faster , livelier tracks .
There are flaws here and there , to be sure , but what it does right is blended together to create an amazingly good sound in terms of a price - to - performance ratio and one that is just plain good , period .
Maybe the analogy makes a bit more sense now .
Or maybe not .
I ’ve never been great with analogies .
There are also a number of publicized modifications that can be performed to the 5501 console to further improve its sonic performance and just knowing that , coupled with the fact that I ’ll soon be upgrading the standard AV cables to cables of a much higher quality , I ’m excited to see just how much more I can eke out of the PS1 ’s hardware .
So , is the PS1 “ audiophile quality ” and can it compete with $ 6000 CD players ?
I honestly have no idea .
I have n’t heard super high end CD players the likes of which whose prices stretch into the thousands of dollars so I have no basis of comparison in that regard .
What I do know is that my PS1 sounds very , very good in comparison to what I have heard .
Considering the regular going rate for PS1 consoles on eBay and their extremely high availability , I think the PS1 would be a great investment for audiophiles on a budget , especially if you ’re looking to get into the DIY scene , which is surprisingly active for the PS1 .
I imagine the PS1 ’s performance as a CD player will continue to polarize the audiophile community as it has in the years past .
Regardless of whether or not the PS1 is audiophile grade , one thing is for certain ; the PS1 is a very good CD player , for the price , and is one that I am very pleased with .
If you ’re looking to buy a PS1 from eBay , make sure that the system you buy is from either the 1001 or 5501 model families because I ’ve heard that , in subsequent hardware revisions , the high - quality AKM DAC which creates the wonderful audio experience was removed , likely to cut costs .
If you ’re not looking to modify the PlayStation , the 1001 is likely your best bet , as it supposedly sounds a bit better than the 5501 due to its dedicated RCA jacks which offer inherent advantages when it comes to the choice of cables .
Regardless of whether or not this is an audiophile grade piece of equipment , I ’m very pleased with the PS1 ’s performance as a CD player and dedicated source .
I had n’t so much as touched the thing beyond opening it up a couple of times to satisfy some latent curiosities I had seeing as my 60 GB PS3 plays PS1 games just as well as ( if not better than ) my PS1 so it took residence in a drawer , buried underneath a mess of Ethernet and A/V cables .
Now , my PS1 is sitting out on a small table behind me , serenading me with the sweet sounds of one of my many CDs and glowing with a renewed sense of purpose .
Perhaps this was n’t what the PS1 was built for but it certainly excels in its current capacity .
Never has there been a band with a more powerful sound .
Nothing compares to it .
Oingo Boingo is the greatest band to have ever existed .
Who was Oingo Boingo ?
It is hard to describe such a grand gathering of individuals .
Oingo Boingo was more than a band , they were knights wielding the most powerful music known to man .
Their music had an an energy that remains unmatched .
They danced in darkness and were filled with light .
A Mesa man got a smooch on the wrist from a Maricopa County Superior Court judge on Friday when the judge sentenced him to only three years ' probation after the man pleaded guilty to one count of animal cruelty .
Jeremy Tuffly , 28 , entered the guilty plea to animal cruelty in May after he tried to feed a kitten to a python .
The python refused to kill the kitten , but that did n't stop Tuffly from taking nature into his own hands and killing the kitten himself by kicking it across a backyard .
He videotaped it , too .
Check it out after the jump .
As you can see in the clip , Tuffly 's in a backyard , repeatedly throwing the kitten into a plastic container in which there was a giant python .
The snake does n't seem all that interested in the cat until Tuffly throws it directly onto the back of the snake .
The kitten kept running back toward Tuffly as if he were going to rescue it , only to be tossed right back onto the snake .
It 's clear there are two pussies involved in this situation because Tuffly is standing a cautious 15 feet away from the giant snake , not wanting to go near it -- and using the top of the container as a pseudo shield -- as he lobs the kitten on the snakes back .
As we pointed out in a previous post about Tuffly : Congrats to Mesa for having a resident who 's one of the few people on the planet who can get out - classed by a snake .
This is the fourth consecutive major international tournament the Swiss have been at , and yet they still seem something of an unknown quantity .
Now managed by double Champions League winner Ottmar Hitzfeld , they won their qualification group and appear to have a talented , settled team .
They find themselves in a qualifying group containing Spain , Chile and Honduras , seeming almost out - of - place both in terms of language , as the only non-Spanish speakers ( which is ironic considering Spanish is the one major Western European language the Swiss do n’t speak ) and in terms of style .
Their group opponents all play relatively free - flowing , positive football , whereas the Swiss play a slightly more organised , disciplined game .
They are expected to start with a fairly standard 4 - 4 - 2 – which , what with the current European obsession with 4 - 3 - 3 and 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 , and the apparent South American trend of three - man defences , seems like a bit of a novelty .
In truth , there is relatively little to say about the system .
Hitzfeld is considered something of a master tactician , but if he is to impress this summer in that respect , it will be because of specific instructions before individual games , rather than a grand plan which automatically outfoxes opponents .
The personnel
The back four is what we have come to expect from four - man defences in modern football – the centre - backs stay rigidly in position , the full - backs attack .
The right - back , Stephan Lichsteiner , is good on the ball and has bags of energy ( he plays as a right - wing back in a 3 - 5 - 2 for Lazio ) , whilst the left - back Ludovic Magnin is generally more defensive , although Reto Ziegler got a run out in a recent friendly – he would offer more of an attacking threat from left - back .
In the midfield , Switzerland play with two relatively deep central midfielders , and leave the attacking to the wingers .
In the centre will be two of Benjamin Huggel , Goklan Inler and Gelson Fernandes , with Fernandes favourite for a place on the bench .
Huggel is a tall , strong , reliable central midfielder whilst Inler is slightly more all - action , but in general these two will knock passes out to the two wide players .
They are the left - footed Tranquilo Barnetta , and the right - footed Marco Padalino .
They will probably start from their ‘ correct ’ sides and look to get crosses into the box for the strikers , but Barnetta has become accustomed to playing from the right - hand side for Bayer Leverkusen this season and a mid-game switch of the two could be on the cards .
Upfront , Alexander Frei remains the golden boy ( no wonder , with a record of 40 goals in 73 internationals ) and will be partnered by Eredivisie winner Blaise Nkufo , who plays a valuable Heskey - style role upfront .
His place may come under threat from Eren Derdiyok , an equally tall but more mobile 21 - year - old , who has impressed in his first season for Leverkusen where he combined well with Barnetta .
Diagonal balls are from defenders to the wingers who push high up the pitch is a frequent method of attack , but this direct route is combined with an ability to keep possession in the centre of the pitch when ahead .
The second game against Chile ( which will see a fascinating Hitzfeld v Bielsa contest ) will probably decide how far Switzerland go , but if they progress , they will meet a team from Group G , the toughest in the competition .
It ’s hard to see them progressing past the second round , or making a significant impact upon the tournament , but their formation and style will provide interesting contests against their group rivals .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
This episode of Blind Date was never aired on TV .. and for good reason .
This woman tells him she wants to ' eat his ass ' and get some dope .
This white boy 's world gets turned upside down as he goes out and gets crack with his ' date ' and smokes crack for the first time .
Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense ­ The B - 2 bomber , commonly known as the stealth bomber , was an ambitious project , to say the least .
In the 1970s , the U.S. military wanted a replacement for the aging B - 52 bomber .
They needed a plane that could carry nuclear bombs across the globe , to the Soviet Union , in only a few hours .
And they wanted it to be nearly invisible to enemy sensors .
As you might expect , hiding a giant plane is no easy task .
Northrop Grumman , the defense firm that won the bomber contract , spent billions of dollars and nearly 10 years developing the top secret project .
The finished product is a revolutionary machine -- a 172 - foot wide flying wing that looks like an insect to radar scanners !
The craft is also revolutionary from an aeronautics perspective :
It does n't have any of the standard stabilizing systems you find on a conventional airplane , but pilots say it flies as smoothly as a fighter jet .
Advertisement Advertisement
In this article , we 'll find out how the B - 2 flies and how it " vanishes . "
We 'll also look at the plane 's major weapons systems and learn a little about its history .
A Flying Wing Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense ­An ordinary airplane consists of a fuselage ( the main body ) , two wings and three rear stabilizers attached to the tail .
The wings generate lift , hoisting the fuselage­ into the air .
The pilot steers the plane by adjusting movable components of the wings and the stabilizers .
Adjusting these components changes how the air flows around the plane , causing the plane to ascend , descend and turn .
The stabilizers also keep the plane level .
( See How Airplanes Work to find out how these components work together . )
The B - 2 bomber has a completely different design :
It 's one big wing , like a boomerang .
Advertisement Advertisement
This flying wing design is much more efficient than a conventional plane .
Instead of separate wings supporting all the weight of the fuselage , the entire craft works to generate lift .
Eliminating the tail and fuselage also reduces drag -- the total force of air resistance acting on the plane .
Greater efficiency helps the B - 2 travel long distances in a short period of time .
It 's not the fastest craft around -- the military says it 's high subsonic , meaning its top speed is just under the speed of sound ( around 1,000 ft/sec or 305 m/s ) -- but it can go 6,900 miles ( 11,000 km ) without refueling and 11,500 miles ( 18,500 km ) with one in - flight refueling .
It can get anywhere on Earth on short notice . " " A U.S. Air Force KC - 10A extender aircraft refuels a B - 2 bomber midflight .
Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense
Driving the Wing Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense The B - 2 has four General Electric F - 118 - GE - 100 jet engines , each of which generates 17,300 pounds of thrust .
Just as in an ordinary plane , the pilot steers the B - 2 by moving various parts of the wings .
As you can see in the diagram below , the B - 2 has elevons and rudders along the trailing edge of the plane .
Just like the elevators and ailerons on a conventional plane , the elevons change the plane 's pitch ( up and down movement ) and roll ( rotation along the horizontal axis ) .
The elevons and rudders also control the plane 's yaw ( rotation along the vertical axis ) .
Flying wings have been around for a long time , but in the past , they suffered from major stability problems .
Without the rear stabilizers , the plane tends to rotate around its yaw axis unexpectedly .
The U.S. military did n't go for Northrop Grumman 's earlier flying wing designs from the 1940s mainly because of these concerns .
Advertisement Advertisement
By the 1980s , advancements in computer technology made the flying wing a more viable option .
Northrup Grumman built the B - 2 with a sophisticated fly - by - wire system .
Instead of adjusting the flaps through mechanical means , the pilot passes commands on to a computer , which adjusts the flaps .
In other words , the pilot controls the computer and the computer controls the steering system .
This content is not compatible on this device .
Run your cursor over the text to locate the plane 's major components .
Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense
The computer also does a lot of work independent of the pilot 's input .
It constantly monitors gyroscopic sensors to keep track of the plane 's attitude -- its position relative to the airflow .
If the plane starts to turn unexpectedly , the computer automatically moves the rudders to counteract the turning force .
The corrections are so precise that the pilot usually wo n't feel any shift at all .
The B - 2 also has a small wedge - shaped flap in the middle of the trailing edge .
The computer adjusts this flap , called the gust load alleviation system ( GLAS ) , to counteract air turbulence forces .
The Crew and Support The B - 2 bomber needs only a two - person crew -- a pilot and a mission commander who sit in a cockpit at the front of the plane .
By comparison , the B - 52 bomber has a five - person crew , and the B - 1B has a four - person crew .
The original idea of the B - 2 was that it would n't need any support aircraft .
Because of its stealth capabilities , it should be able to penetrate enemy airspace without fire support , doing the work of dozens of planes .
In practice , the B - 2 usually flies with some fighter jet protection .
The risk of losing such an expensive aircraft is too great to send it into battle solo .
Out of Sight The B - 2 is a huge plane , but its advanced stealth capabilities make it seem smaller than a sparrow on radar .
Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense Northrop Grumman 's primary goal for the B - 2 was stealth , or low observability .
Simply put , stealth is the ability to fly undetected through enemy airspace .
Ideally , a stealth aircraft will be able to reach and destroy desired targets without ever engaging the enemy in combat .
To do this , the aircraft needs to be nearly invisible in a number of different ways .
Obviously , it needs to blend in with the background visually , and it needs to be very quiet .
More importantly , it needs to hide from enemy radar as well as infrared sensors .
It also needs to conceal its own electromagnetic energy .
Advertisement Advertisement
The B - 2's flat , narrow shape and black coloration help it fade into the night .
Even in the daytime , when the B - 2 stands out against blue sky , it can be hard to figure out which way the plane is going .
The B - 2 emits minimal exhaust , so it does n't leave a visible trail behind it .
As with most planes , the B - 2's noisiest component is its engine system .
But unlike a passenger jet or B - 52 , the B - 2's engines are buried inside the plane .
This helps muffle the noise .
The efficient aerodynamic design helps keep the B - 2 quiet as well , because the engines can operate at lower power settings . " " Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense
The engine system also works to minimize the plane 's infrared ( heat ) signature .
Infrared sensors , including those on heat - seeking missiles , typically pick up on hot engine exhaust .
In the B - 2 , all of the exhaust passes through cooling vents before flowing out of the rear ports .
Putting the exhaust ports on the top of the plane further reduces the infrared signature , since enemy sensors would most likely scan below the plane .
Defenses Against Detection A B - 2's landing gear Photo courtesy U.S. Department of Defense The B - 2 has two major defenses against radar detection .
The first element is the plane 's radar - absorbent surface .
The radio waves used in radar are electromagnetic energy , just like light waves .
In the same way that certain materials absorb light very well ( black paint , for example ) , some materials are particularly good at absorbing radio waves .
The B - 2's body is mainly composed of composite material -- combinations of various lightweight substances .
The composite material used in the B - 2 bomber is specifically designed to absorb radio energy with optimum efficiency .
Parts of the B - 2 , such as the leading edge , are also covered in advanced radio - absorbent paint and tape .
These materials are very expensive , and the Air Force has to reapply them regularly .
After every flight , repair crews have to spend many hours examining the B - 2 to make sure it 's fit for stealth missions .
Advertisement Advertisement
Highly reflective metal components , such as the plane 's engines , are all housed inside the composite body .
Air flows into the intake ports , though an S - shaped duct and down to the engines .
The bombs are also mounted inside the plane , and the landing gear fully retracts after take - off .
The second element in radar invisibility is the plane 's shape .
Radio waves bounce off planes in the same way light bounces off a mirror .
A flat , vertical mirror will bounce your image straight back to you -- you 'll see yourself .
But if you tilt the mirror 45 degrees , it will reflect your image straight upward .
You wo n't see yourself ; you 'll see an image of the ceiling .
A curved mirror also deflects light at an angle .
If you were to aim a laser pointer at a curved mirror , the laser beam would never bounce straight back to the pointer , no matter how you positioned it .
The stealth bomber 's peculiar shape deflects radio beams in both ways .
The large flat areas on the top and bottom of the plane are just like tilted mirrors .
These flat areas will deflect most radio beams away from the station , presuming the station is n't directly beneath the plane .
The plane itself also works like a curved mirror , particularly in the front section .
The entire plane has no sharp , angled edges -- every surface is curved in order to deflect radio waves .
The curves are designed to bounce almost all radio waves away at an angle .
The B - 2 is designed to contain its own radio signals , the electromagnetic energy generated by onboard electronics .
The plane does emit radio energy when using its radar scanner or communicating with ground forces and other aircraft , but the radar signal is small and highly focused , making it less susceptible to detection .
Sticker Shock
When the B - 2 project began , the U.S. Air Force planned to buy 132 planes at a total cost of $ 22 billion .
By the time the aircraft was unveiled in 1988 , the price tag had jumped to more than $ 70 billion .
Many members of congress were n't pleased with the expenditure , or with the more than $ 20 billion the Pentagon had already spent developing the plane .
By the time the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , the price had jumped even higher and the need for a huge fleet of B - 2s had decreased .
In 1993 , Congress authorized the Pentagon to buy 20 B - 2s at around $ 2 billion a piece .
A few years later , President Clinton authorized the military to upgrade the original prototype B - 2 to a working weapon , bringing the total to 21 .
Many feel the plane is n't worth the high price tag and maintenance costs , especially since the older , cheaper B - 52 and B - 1 bombers can carry more bombs at faster speeds .
There are no plans to add more B - 2s to the fleet at this time .
Using Instant Adhesives
Instant adhesives ( also known as cyanoacrylates ) are easy to use , whether integrated into an automated production line , or in the repair shop .
They cure at room temperature , are typically single component , and are available in different viscosities to fit your exact requirements .
Henkel offers a wide selection of instant adhesive dispensing equipment and can also design and build dispensing tools to fit customer specifications .
Download the Instant Adhesives Product Selector Guide
AVQ&A Welcome back to AVQ&A , where we throw out a question for discussion among the staff and readers .
Consider this a prompt to compare notes on your interface with pop culture , to reveal your embarrassing tastes and experiences .
Prev Next View All
In the spirit of Roger Ebert ’s I Hated , Hated , Hated This Movie , how about a conversation about pop culture that pisses you off ?
Not just terrible or inessential items , but movies , songs , or TV genres that literally make you angry at them and the people who like them .
Boondock Saints , for me , because of the smug facility of the message .
I just hate that it exists and that some people revere it .
— Keith Johnsen
Advertisement
Tasha Robinson
I do n’t think there ’s anything in cinema that gets me more incensed than crappy American remakes of great foreign films .
Particularly remakes that follow immediately on the heels of films that were popular because they were perfect : Let The Right One
In is already fantastic , thanks , and I could n’t be less interested in this year ’s American redo .
And The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is so perfectly cast , just the idea of Natalie Portman stepping into the lead role makes me grind my teeth .
( Okay , Carey Mulligan , another much - ballyhooed possible , would n’t be too bad . )
The big issue for me is how often these remakes provide an embarrassing perspective on the flaws in American culture , or at least how stupid Hollywood thinks we all are :
More often than not , American remakes of foreign films are dumbed - down and tarted up , with worse acting , less complexity , added comedy , and more frantic pacing .
And it particularly does n’t help when the main reason behind them seems to be “ People do n’t like subtitles , and do like seeing the same few stars in absolutely everything . ”
Really , I ’ve just never gotten over the formative experience of watching La Femme Nikita remade three years later as Point Of No Return , which watered down the action , put the terrible Bridget Fonda in the lead role , removed or undermined everything interesting about her character , and turned her from the sexy , capable assassin - chick of the original movie into a weak , weepy whiner , dependent on Gabriel Byrne to get her out of messes .
Fuck up your own stories , America , and leave the good ones from other countries alone , okay ?
Claire Zulkey
I do n’t like to write off any whole particular genre or style , but a specific example is Austin Powers In Goldmember .
I vividly remember watching it in the theater with our own Nathan Rabin , cringing at gross - out jokes about eating skin and a neck that looks like a vagina , but moreover wanting to turn around and scream “ What ’s wrong with you people ? ! ” at everyone behind us who seemed to love it .
Something about people eating right out of Mike Myers ’ greedily extended , expectant hand just filled me with rage , I guess because a part of me hoped that the audience would see Myers ’ laziness and revolt .
But no , he went for the lowest common denominator , and the audience was right there eagerly waiting for him .
The movie and my experience watching it just temporarily diminished my faith in humanity .
Advertisement
Nathan Rabin
I used to joke to Keith that I wanted to die in the line of duty .
Here ’s how I envisioned my death : I ’d be in my early 50s , watching , I dunno , the third sequel to the Shrek reboot , and I ’d be so filled with bile that I ’d have a fatal , rage - induced heart attack right there in the theater .
I ’m pleased to say I ’ve mellowed with age , but I still grow apoplectic when confronted with spoofs in the Jason Friedberg / Aaron Seltzer vein .
Watching Epic Movie in a packed theater , I had a similar response to Claire ( and myself ) watching Goldmember : I wanted to turn around and ask the people guffawing , “ Who are you ?
How is this funny ?
Why are you accepting this ?
Do n’t you understand that film — even stupid , ridiculous comedies — can be so much more , yet really cannot be much less ? ”
The incredible contempt these movies have for an audience they assume has the attention span and intelligence of an amoeba is absolutely staggering and depressing , as is the fact that the dastardly duo scored a couple of big hits before audiences wised up .
Other films that have thrown me into a murderous rage with their awfulness : Father Of The Bride 2 , Meet The Fockers , Monster - In - Law , and How The Grinch Stole Christmas .
Genevieve Koski
Josh and Kyle routinely tease me for my love of so - called “ girly music , ” which translates roughly to “ pop music sung by chicks . ”
Despite the glibness of that designation , for the most part , I embrace it .
While it certainly is n’t all I like , I do have an affinity and even respect for well - crafted pop artifice ; I do n’t require my music to be “ authentic ” ( whatever that means ) , as long as it ’s entertaining .
It ’s often a tough position to defend , particularly around these parts , which is why the success of Ke$ha infuriates me so — she makes it so much harder to defend a corner of the music industry that already has , in most people ’s opinion , little to no redeeming value .
I do n’t have an inherent problem with a calculated image or highly produced sound , both of which Ke$ha has … but Jesus , could n’t she at least do it with a little flair ?
Setting aside her teeth - gnashing “ singing ” and laughable , Valley - Girl - inflected “ rapping , ” my problem with Ke$ha really boils down to how uncomfortable she seems in the image she ’s created for herself , or that ’s been created for her .
Her bad - girl posturing and lame attempts at arty spectacle are so uncomfortable to watch — see her recent SNL performance — that it saps all the fun out of music whose only criterion for success is “ Be fun . ”
Whatever your position on Lady Gaga , whose theatrics are no less calculated , you have to admit that she at least commits to her shtick and sells the shit out of it ; with Ke$ha , every string that ’s being pulled is totally visible .
Advertisement
Michaelangelo Matos
I do n’t think I ’ve ever been so agitated at a movie as I was during the Julie half of Julie & Julia .
Maybe it ’s because I ’ve had a blog for a long time and have looked back in shame at things I ’d said or expressed without thinking too hard about it beforehand ; some part of me was watching that and wondering how close to the onscreen Julie Powell ( and only onscreen ; I have n’t read the book ) I ’d gotten , or risked getting .
But you hardly need to be in those shoes to see what ’s wrong with this movie every minute Amy Adams is onscreen .
This is n’t Adams ’ fault :
Her role is so unappealing that there is n’t much anyone could do short of trying to smile her way out of it .
Just so many wrong notes :
She works at a call center for the families of 9/11 victims , but we ’re supposed to feel sorry for her .
Her husband spends the night in an office because her project is making her self - absorbed : Uh , you noticed now ?
It ’s sad for Julie that Julia Child disliked her blog about Child ’s book , but how can anyone else be surprised ?
Sam Adams
I feel like I ’m a little long in the tooth to be getting mad at bad art :
Anger is just one more way of taking up my time with junk that does n’t deserve it .
But I see a particularly vivid shade of red with regard to crap aimed at children , for which the entire Shrek franchise serves as a perfect example .
Loaded with low - grade pop-culture references designed to flatter their audience ’s pseudo - sophistication , they allow juveniles of all ages to congratulate themselves on feeling superior to fairy - tale ideals , as if honor , true love , and the rest were stuff even the dullest tot could see through .
I hate the way the Shrek films flaunt their CGI sheen ( and , in the latest installment , superfluous 3 - D ) without putting any thought into the best way to employ the technology .
Just because you can render the texture of an ogre ’s pores does n’t mean it ’s a good idea .
Worst of all is the bludgeoning use of pop songs , which effectively order impressionable audiences to enjoy themselves , even when the film does n’t bother to deserve it .
The Shrek movies may not be the most egregious instances of the lousy product churned out in the knowledge that , no matter how bad the movie , a certain number of children will force their parents to see it .
But their cynical calculation ires me no end .
Advertisement
Josh Modell
I ’d never call them “ art , ” but the wave of TV shows about girls that David Cross described as “ rich , giggling cunts who have no respect for anyone and get away with anything ” drive me bonkers .
He was talking about The Simple Life , but it ’s really a genre unto itself at this point , with the latest and perhaps greatest offender being Pretty Wild .
Now why would n’t I just avert my ears and eyes when such a thing comes on TV ?
Mostly because my highly intelligent , forward - thinking wife — she has a Ph.D. from the University Of Chicago ! — is just bananas for all of these shows .
She loves them .
But when she watches them — after taking up precious DVR space with them !
— I actually have to leave the room , because they make me hate humanity and believe that we live in a reverse meritocracy .
Noel Murray
I ’m with Josh on this one , but I ’d go even further .
I ca n’t stand reality shows that follow semi-famous folks around either .
Shows like The Hills and Jon & Kate Plus 8 are bad enough for the way they make people no one really cares about suddenly behave like they ’re the most important , most talked - about people in the country .
( Which then becomes the subject of episode after episode . )
But the series that follow the likes of Paula Abdul or Denise Richards around are even more depressing .
They promise insights into lifestyles of the rich and famous that they have no real intention of providing ; instead , we get the boring everyday moments of fading stars , punctuated by self - serving interviews that try to make the mundane seem ridiculously dramatic .
The only value of these shows is as fodder for The Soup — and maybe raw material for some future documentary about what the hell was wrong with this country at the beginning of the 21st century .
Advertisement
Kyle Ryan
Steve Hyden IM ’d me the other day asking if I ’d ever heard “ Crazy Bitch ” by Buckcherry .
“ A thousand showers ca n’t wash it away from your soul , ” he said .
Oh , I was familiar all right .
No other song incites the punk in me more — just hearing “ Crazy Bitch ” makes me want to don a black mask and hurl Molotov cocktails , because any state that allows such utterly worthless misogyny not only to exist but to thrive NEEDS TO BE SMASHED .
When Buckcherry first broke through at the turn of the ’00s , I dismissed it as a harmless GN’R / Aerosmith knockoff .
Then “ Crazy Bitch ” catalyzed the group ’s comeback with its sub -Nuge cock - rockery : Against generic Sunset Strip sleaze - rock , perpetually shirtless frontman Josh Todd howls in the chorus , “ You ’re a crazy bitch , but you fuck so good , I ’m on top of it . ”
Later , it ’s ” Get the video , fuck you so good ! ” then “ You ’re crazy , but I like the way you FUCK ME ! ” A legion of misguided ladies then turned it into a girl - power anthem , making Buckcherry ’s ample “ Crazy Bitch ” merchandise badges of honor for girls who like to paaaaaaaaaartayyyyyyy !
Wooooooooooo !
The video was as classy as you ’d expect , with an R - rated version featuring a lot of topless women grinding on Todd and guitarist Keith Nelson .
( Naturally , they were later sued by the mother of an underage girl who conned her way into the shoot . )
“ Is Buckcherry ’s ‘ Crazy Bitch ’ the worst song ever , or simply the most abhorrent ? ”
Steve asked later .
My response :
It has the onerous distinction of being both .
Now if you ’ll excuse me , I need to detox with some Bikini Kill .
Leonard Pierce
Since I ’ve become so famous on The A.V. Club for hating Mark Millar that people assume bad reviews of his work are written by me even when they are n’t , I might as well address the thing he does that drives me so crazy .
There is n’t really a name for it , but he’s at the forefront of a wave of writers who create witless , arbitrarily violent , “ cinematic ” action comics that cater to the lowest common denominator of readers and aim for no greater response than “ Awesome ! ”
Comics already have a ( largely justified ) reputation as cretinous fodder for arrested adolescents , but writers like Millar , Geoff Johns , Jeph Loeb , and Garth Ennis do the medium no further favors by continually writing brain - dead , utterly thoughtless stories whose only value is shock value , and whose only standard is the double standard .
Their crimes are nearly innumerable :
They ’re badly written ( the dialogue of any given character could easily be assigned to another with no loss of tone ) , they ’re badly edited ( what ’s canon in one book is ignored in another ) , they ’re lazily imagined ( almost all of them use the incredibly uncreative trope of having the characters resemble real - life celebrities ) , they ’re incoherent ( they ’re “ realistic ” when that means extreme gore , but unrealistic when that means plots that make sense or consistent characterization ) , they ’re sexist ( Ennis actually gets away with calling the only major female character in The Boys “ The Female ” ) , and they substitute cheap shocks ( in the form of mutilations , rapes , and murders , especially of beloved characters ) for thoughtful stories .
I ’ve got nothing against the darkening of comics , but these books are literally amoral — that is , they have neither a traditional moral stance , as in the great books of the past , or a philosophical inquiry of same , as in the best works of Alan Moore , Neil Gaiman , and Grant Morrison .
They ’re just insipid , empty brutality and bombast .
Advertisement
Jason Heller
One thing that makes me pig-biting mad is shoddy , hacky music biographies .
It is n’t just the fact that so many books written about pop musicians suck — it ’s that the greatest artists sometimes attract the worst writers .
It ’s a statistical thing , I suppose ; for instance , someone of the stature of Elvis Costello is always going to create a demand for a fresh stream of book - like product .
That void sadly gets filled year after year with subpar bios like Graeme Thomson ’s recent Complicated Shadows : The Life And Music Of Elvis Costello .
I ’m not saying that particular book — or the hundreds like it , written about everyone from ABBA to ZZ Top , that get published — is entirely devoid of value .
After all , there are always those nice glossy photo sections .
But when your book has been out - researched , out - interviewed , and out - written by your average Q Magazine feature , it may be time to pack it in .
Even worse ?
When the biographers do n’t actually have direct contact with the subjects other than having seen them in concert a few times .
Sans any fresh insight into an artist ’s thoughts or character , these books are padded with quotes from old articles and previous bios ; interviews with lackeys , former lovers , and disgruntled ex-bandmates ; and worst of all , empty speculation dressed up as journalism .
It ’s easy to ignore these books , of course — unless you ’re a music journalist yourself , in which case a ) you have to scour them for fruitlessly for research from time to time , and b ) your family always gives them to you as presents .
Todd VanDerWerff
I am basically unaware of anything ’ 80s , even though I had my formative years then .
When people talk about the grand mythologies behind Transformers , He -Man , or My Little Pony , I just have to stare at them blankly .
I ’ve never seen The Goonies , for God ’s sake .
I ’m a walking , talking Better Late Than Never ? about ’ 80s trash culture .
So I ’m not going to say I ’m angry about the constant celebration of all things ’ 80s that the last five years have become at the multiplex and on basic - cable channels that can save money by producing weird nostalgic specials about how much we all loved that game SIMON .
Mostly , they just confuse the hell out of me .
But what does make me angry is the sense I get from these films that I ’m supposed to like them just because they connect to my childhood .
I watch , say , Transformers as some kind of outside observer who ’s vaguely aware of what this is all about , but really does n’t know who Optimus Prime is .
And watching the movie makes me a little angry , just to see the way the movie treats something a lot of people evidently value from their childhoods as just another thing to turn into a giant , plastic piece of crap .
Or maybe I ’m angrier at the people who demand to see a Transformers movie in the first place ?
I do n’t know .
Like I said , I find this all very confusing .
Who the hell is Sloth ?
Advertisement
Keith Phipps
One thing that always makes me mad is when a film thinks it ’s making a brilliantly insightful point but is actually way off the mark .
I love Annie Hall , for instance , but the moment when Shelley Duvall quotes Bob Dylan lyrics and it ’s supposed to be all the evidence we need to recognize the vapidity of rock music always makes me cringe .
( See also : James Bond mocking The Beatles in Goldfinger . )
Here ’s another example :
One scene in Jean - Luc Godard ’s In Praise Of Love holds up for mockery some characters ’ desire to see The Matrix translated into Breton .
Had Godard actually seen
The Matrix , he might have recognized it as a film sympathetic to some of his own concerns , big Hollywood blockbuster or not .
( Maybe he only saw Reloaded . )
Steven Hyden
Look , we all know bad art is annoying .
But when it comes to art that inspires full - bodied , tear - your - hair - out hatred , I reserve a special place in my spleen for disingenuous “ documentaries ” that intentionally set out to mislead people in order to score cheap political points .
This is n’t merely bad art ; this is art with the power to actually harm society by distorting reality , actively promoting falsehoods , and re-enforcing troublesome social and cultural divisions .
You can probably just go ahead insert the title of your least favorite Michael Moore doc here , but as a bed - wetting liberal , I cut the preeminent left - wing propagandist of our time some slack , because I believe his causes — health - care reform , gun control , etc. — are righteous .
At worst , Moore ’s films might convince the audience to help the poor when they ’re sick , or prevent 13 - year - olds from procuring bazookas .
I also kind of like stuff like Bill Maher ’s Religulous , which was essentially a stand - up routine on religion with a clearly defined ( albeit smug ) point of view , with no pretenses of being impartial journalism .
( I ’d also argue that in a mainstream - media culture so biased in favor of believers , a little bit of atheist shit - talking in the mainstream is more than forgivable .
But that ’s for another AVQ&A . )
I guess the only film I really have in mind here is the abhorrent “ intelligent design ” documentary Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed .
I think a worthy , interesting film could be made about scientists trying to reconcile scientific theory with religious beliefs , but apparently director Nathan Frankowski and star Ben Stein did n’t agree , since they decided instead to make a bewildering attack on Darwinists that culminates with a trip to a Nazi death camp and a discussion about whether survival - of - the - fittest thinking caused the Holocaust .
Do n’t think so , guys , but your film did almost cause me to burn down the movie theater .
Advertisement
Steve Heisler
I spoke in a previous AVQ&A about my disdain for movie - trailer antics — the misleading intro , followed by the record - scratch sound , then hilarity !
But what I hate even more are the movies those trailers are meant to promote , a .k.a. movies that are clearly the result of market research and very little ingenuity / creativity .
What I mean is , movies where the pitch meeting went something like this : “ [ Celebrity ] is hot right now , and so is [ Other Celebrity ] .
And so is [ insert activity , something obscure like parkour ] .
What if they were in a movie together doing that activity — it ’s gotta have romance … and comedy … you know , like one of those ‘ ance - dys . ’ ”
I ’m talking about movies like When In Rome ( which Kristen Bell promoted incessantly ) , every Amanda Seyfried film , and the movie the Jack Black character in Tropic Thunder made where he plays all the farting characters .
I guess it frustrates me so much because in those cases , the commercialization and marginalization of this art form is n’t even hidden .
They do n’t even try .
The other day I saw the trailer for The Kids Are All Right , that new film where Julianne Moore and Annette Bening are lesbians whose kids seek out their father , Mark Ruffalo , and bond with him .
They bicker , but they also love .
It ’s a new breed of “ modern family , ” they ’re calling it .
Get it ?
Like the TV show ?
They sure did , and other than the pretty minor twist of the same - sex couple , the film has “ unimaginative ” written all over it .
The motive that went into creating this Franken - movie is all right there on the surface .
Infuriating .
A few months ago , I decided to start up a ( now failed )
Twitter meme in which I wrote “ IDEA FOR FREE , ” then something pretty random .
One time I was on the train and there was this poster for a medical clinic , and one of the doctors looked a lot like Michael Cera in 30 years .
So I wrote on Twitter , “ IDEA FOR FREE : Michael Cera is my doctor .
That ’s it .
That ’s the idea . ”
Or something like that .
Anyways , my Twitter links to Facebook , and one of my tens of friends wrote me an e-mail after seeing my post .
She ’s a friend - of - a- friend who lives out in L.A. now , and the e-mail read , “ So I ’ve been living in L.A. for almost four months now and writing a screenplay .
But I really love your Michael Cera - as - doctor idea .
Are you seriously considering turning this into a screenplay ?
If so , I would love to help write !!! ”
My first thought was , “ Uh , what idea ? ”
But then I realized , you know , in Hollywood , maybe that ’s enough .
Advertisement
Long story short , I ’m enjoying my mega-millions poolside as we speak .
The pool is made of iPads .
© Tom Tomorrow
BP claiming that nobody could have predicted the gulf oil disaster .
Rush Limbaugh arguing that the gulf oil disaster was a deliberate act by “ hardcore environmental wackos ” .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
The homebuyer tax credit closing deadline has been extended until September 30th , 2010 for those who were under contract by April 30th , 2010 .
Details here .
Over the last year or so we ’ve had a lot of talk on this site about the homebuyer tax credit .
It helped to spur activity in the real estate markets , bringing more first time homebuyers into the market than we ’ve seen for a long time .
It also brought in a lot of current homeowners when the credit was extended to include people who already own a home .
We watched last month as there was a flurry of activity as the deadline loomed for people to put in a purchase agreement for a house in order to beat the clock .
My brother was one of those people who made their home purchase on the last day possible !
Homebuyer Tax Credit Deadline Is Looming
April 30th was the deadline to get a signed sales contract , and buyers still have until June 30th to complete the sale .
Problem is a lot of people ended up putting in a signed sales contract for a short sale or foreclosure home , and the process is moving slower than they had hoped .
In fact , many of them may not meet the June 30th deadline to complete the sale .
Now there is an ammendment to H.R. 4213 , “ the American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act of 2010 ” bill being considered that would give thousands of homebuyers extra time in order to complete their sale .
Homebuyers may get an extra three months to finish qualifying for federal tax incentives that boosted home sales this spring .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , said Thursday he wants to give buyers until Sept. 30 to complete their purchases and qualify for tax credits of up to $ 8,000 .
Under the current terms , buyers had until April 30 to get a signed sales contract and until June 30 to complete the sale .
The proposal would only allow people who already have signed contracts to finish at the later date .
The bill , which is being sponsored by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , Sen. Johnny Isakson , R - Ga. , and Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , is currently under consideration .
The bill would n’t extend the time available to put in a signed sales contract , which has already expired , but simply extends the time available to complete the sale to September 30th .
Many Sales May Not Complete Without Extension
Realtor groups have been pushing hard for such an extension because they ’re seeing more and more loans that are n’t going to complete on time .
The National Association of Realtors has been pushing hard in Congress for the extension .
Mortgage lenders , the trade group says , have been swamped with borrowers trying to get approved by the end of the month .
Many potential borrowers are unlikely to make the deadline .
“ Time is of the essence , ” said Lucian Salvant , a spokesman for the group .
“ It ’s important for Congress to get this done , because there ’s whole bunch of loans that are n’t ’ going to close on time . ”
Kay Bell of Do n’t Mess With
Taxes talks about how something like this wo n’t help future sales in any way , but that it may be needed to help with the high number of short sales that are pending currently .
The proposal would n’t significantly affect future home sales since the extension would apply only to home buyers with a contract in hand by April 30 .
But it would help buyers involved in short sales , which have become a major alternative to foreclosures in Nevada , accounting for about 30 percent of home sales in Las Vegas alone .
The process , however , typically takes four to six months and there ’s been concern in the Silver State and elsewhere that these transactions would not be completed by the impending April 30 tax credit deadline .
Housing data from a variety of sources indicate that the hike seen this spring in pending home sales might not necessarily translate into sales as many probably wo n’t become final by the credit ’s deadline .
Housing Wire cites National Association of Realtors data showing pending sales grew 6 percent in April , following a 7.1 percent spike in March .
Year - on - year , NAR says pending home sales are up 22.4 percent from April 2009 .
Many of these latest buyers pushed their luck and bought in April in hopes that expedited mortgage paperwork would qualify them for the break .
That ’s not going to happen in many cases , said outlook and commentary services firm Econoday senior economist Mark Rogers .
So it sounds like a ton of people bought homes , and especially short sales , in the hopes that they could close on time .
Now it ’s turning out that they probably wo n’t make the deadline .
So now , if the bill is n’t passed it ’s forecast that many of these sales that were showing up on the reports may never be completed , simply because they were n’t able to meet the original June 30th deadline .
The jump in pending home sales seen in April and even March — ahead of the first - time homebuyer tax credit expiration on April 30 — may not necessarily translate into sales , according to outlook and commentary services firm Econoday .
By extension , the firm said , the “ unexpected strength ” in pending sales during recent months may not take as many homes off the market as initially suggested .
“ Many pending sales may not have closed by the required [ tax credit ] deadline and will never close , ” said Econoday senior economist Mark Rogers in recent commentary .
So now it remains to be seen if Harry Reid and his co-sponsors can convince enough of their colleagues that this needs to be done .
Reid ’s own re-election changes may depend upon in part on getting this passed because of the high number of short sales in his area .
What do you think – should the deadline be extended past the June 30th deadline ?
Or do you think those people who have n’t been able to close yet just played it out too long and should be out of luck ?
Tell me your thoughts in the comments !
Have you ever failed to notice a friend 's radical new haircut ?
Or missed a road sign showing a change in the speed limit ?
This failure to notice what should be very apparent is something we unconsciously experience every day as our brains filter the barrage of visual information which we are flooded with .
And apparently it has a name ; it is called change blindness .
Scientists at Queen Mary , University of London , have invented a unique spot - the - difference - style computer game in order to study it .
They simply have to press the button and tell us exactly when they spot the change Milan Verma , Queen Mary , University of London
Milan Verma , a scientist at Queen Mary , explains : " It 's the phenomenon where seemingly striking or obvious changes are not noticed . "
He and his colleagues are asking volunteers to play the game - which involves looking at a screen as it flashes between two images of the same scene .
" It flicks between a pre-change version and a post - change version of the scene , " Dr Verma explains .
" The volunteers simply have to press the button and tell us exactly when they spot the change . "
Trying out the game at Dr Verma 's office , my initial reaction was self - satisfaction ; I spotted the difference in the first scene - a picture of a butterfly with orange stripes on its wings - almost immediately .
In the pre-change scene the colourful insect had two stripes - one on each wing , and on the post - change , there was just one .
Easy .
Next ?
But I was quickly reminded that I am just as " change blind " as the next person .
As an image of an iceberg scene with five penguins on it flashed in front of me , I stared blankly , unable to see a difference .
" I 'll let you off - there is a lot going on in this image , " Dr Verma reassured me .
" But it 's quite a big change . "
He had to give me a clue - directing me to the area of the image where the change occurred - before I realised that a whole chunk of iceberg was missing in the post - change image .
That represented one of the fundamental factors about change blindness ; a whole chunk of iceberg might seem like an easier thing to spot than the stripe on a butterfly wing , but it is not as obvious to the human brain .
" The butterfly image is easy because the changed scene violates our expectations , " explains Dr Verma .
" We expect butterflies to be symmetrical - to have two identically marked wings - so one that is n't really stands out to us . "
It 's the first time ever artificial intelligence has been used to generate experimental stimuli to test human perception Professor Peter McOwan , Queen Mary , University of London
Neuroscientists , as well as developers of artificial intelligence , have been interested in this facet of human perception for many years .
In fact , the Queen Mary team incorporate their biological findings into the design of robots - studying the basis of human vision and perception in order to artificially recreate it .
And Dr Verma says this might be the first truly unbiased scientific study of change blindness .
" Previously , scientists have studied this by manually manipulating pictures , " he said .
" So they 'd use ... image manipulation software , make a deliberate change and then ask viewers : ' Can you see the change , yes or no ? ' . "
This , he says , is cheating .
If a human scientist makes a change to a picture , they are making a very human decision about what and where that change is - choosing to remove the bird from the corner of the park view , or to change the colour of the sofa in a living room scene .
" So they 're making some subjective judgement about how noticeable they think the change is . "
Artificial intelligence
In this study , Dr Verma and his colleague and supervisor , Professor Peter McOwan , created an algorithm that meant the computer " decided " how to change the image .
Professor McOwan told BBC
News : " This is , as far as I 'm aware , the first time ever that artificial intelligence [ AI ] technology has been used to generate experimental stimuli to test human perception .
" It brings together two interesting fields of study - AI and human visual intelligence . "
Dr Verma and Professor McOwen designed software that underlies the game 's ability to make a change to each image .
Dr Verma describes this as a " genetic algorithm " .
It essentially tells the computer to change the images in a process akin to evolution .
" It 's like a process of survival of the fittest , " explained Dr Verma .
" Darwin suggested that a fit individual is one that can best survive in its surroundings - like a moth that can camouflage with the bark of a tree . "
But in this case " fitness " is determined by the smallest difference between the pre- and post - change scenes , in terms of how attention - grabbing they are .
The computer uses information about human attention and perception to generate two pictures that a person will view in exactly the same way ; two images that are equally attention - grabbing .
This means the scientists get an accurate measure of how noticeable the change is and there is no " human bias " of the results .
The research is beginning to reveal where in a scene people direct their attention as well as what kinds of changes are more noticeable .
" It all boils down to contrast , " he says .
" So colour or orientation contrast ; luminance contrast in terms of light and dark things that pop out .
" And it 's what 's easy to spot in terms of our viewing attention behaviour .
" So when we walk into a room , our eyes are attracted to a particular region and because we 're attending to that region , if there was a change made there , we would perhaps notice it more quickly . "
The scientists have published their findings and described their unique approach in the journal Vision .
Their test has also revealed some more specific points about what types of contrast are more obvious to us .
We are more likely , for example , to spot that an object has been removed from a scene than if it has changed colour .
Attention - grabbing
The team has already had interest from companies that want to apply the findings to the design of safety notices and advertising displays - to grab our attention .
And there is potential for these results to be used in more clandestine ways .
Just like a magician might use misdirection , police or security services might take advantage of things that make people look .
" You can use these attention - grabbing principles to , for example , direct someone 's attention to a particular spot and that could be a spot where there is a camera , " explains Dr Verma .
" So you could take a photograph - a frontal image - that could be useful for police or security services . "
Image caption Brands and adverts aim to stand out and grab our attention
As well as applying these findings to the development of intelligent robots , Professor McOwan is more informally interested in the role of change blindness in magic .
" There has some interest recently at looking at how magicians misdirect people [ with these attention - grabbing methods ] , " he says .
" They have a role in the ' now you see it now you do n't ' tricks . "
There are also more lucrative roles for these findings - in advertising or website design .
And Dr Verma points out that they have already been applied by the emergency services .
" You might notice that they are starting to use different kinds of beacons and lights and different , very strange - sounding sirens , " he says .
" This is because the classic siren sound has been so over - used by the media that it just does n't stand out to us in the same way any more . "
So apparently , we all have an excuse for not noticing a friend 's new look .
It 's a fundamental part of our perception - we are simply too focused on looking them in the eye and on what they have to say to notice something so superficial .
At least , from now on , that will be my excuse .
Hear more from the researchers on Science in Action on the BBC World Service on Friday 11 June .
CHICAGO – Just six months after becoming a publicly traded company protests forced Hyatt Hotels to suspend its first shareholders meeting here .
Hundreds of local clergy and workers staged protests outside the chain ’s McCormick Place hotel and 75 made their way through the VIP entrance , past security and into the hallway outside the closed door meeting of the board of directors .
The clergy demanded that the board send a company executive out to discuss what they said was their outrage over Hyatt ’s attempt to make the recession permanent for workers despite Hyatt ’s rising share values .
After the protesters spent 30 minutes singing psalms and refusing to move , the directors inside suspended their meeting and filed out past the clapping and chanting crowd .
Inside , before the closed - door meeting broke up , a former Hyatt housekeeper from Boston , who was fired in August 2009 and replaced by an outsourced worker making minimum wage , appealed to Hyatt ’s owners and top executives directly .
“ I gave my body , everything I have and Hyatt disposed of us like trash , ” said Lucine Williams , who worked for the company for 21 years , before she and 100 others were similarly fired in August , 2009 .
Williams participated in the Chicago shareholders ’ meeting as a proxy .
The union rejects Hyatt claims that it has to cut back on worker salaries and benefits because of the recession .
“ When the company went public last November , in one day alone the Pritzkers cashed out over $ 900 million as part of the initial public offering , ” Ken Snyder , the political action director of Unite Here ’s Local 1 said outside the hotel just before the clergy entered the building .
Expressing satisfaction with the large turnout of faith leaders at the hotel , Henry Tamarin , the president of Local 1 , said labor would be building alliances with all of what he called “ Hyatt ’s core constituencies . ”
He named the LGBT community as an example of just one of the groups he was talking about .
“ Gay rights activists are angry that while Hyatt courts LGBT customers , ” he said , “ it refuses to sever ties with Doug Manchester , a Hyatt owner and key funder of the initiative to ban gay marriage in California . ”
The union and its allies held simultaneous demonstrations in support of the Chicago action today in San Francisco , Los Angeles , Honolulu and Vancouver .
Yesterday four hundred workers at the Hyatt Regency in San Francisco went on strike .
Today ’s Chicago action followed by several weeks a walkout by hundreds of workers at the Hyatt Regency Chicago protesting , among other things , the banning of union organizers at Chicago ’s largest downtown hotel .
Workers on the picket line today cheered when they heard the news that organizers have been allowed back into that hotel .
Nationwide , the hotel industry is rebounding faster and stronger than expected , with growth projected in 2011 and 2012 .
In the six months following Hyatt ’s November intial public offering Hyatt ’s shares were up over 656 percent .
“ Hyatt has become an emblematic obstacle to our nation ’s economic recovery , ” said Rev. Calvin S. Morris , Ph.D. and Executive Director of the Community Renewal Society .
Morris was one of the leaders of today ’s protest by the clergy .
“ I ’m here today with leaders from many congregations and many faiths to send a message to Hyatt ’s owners that we will not sit idly by as Hyatt locks hardworking housekeepers , dishwashers , and doormen into a recession , while one of the wealthiest families in America gets wealthier . ”
Photo : Religious leaders delegation at shareholders meeting , with Robb Webb , Dir of HR for Hyatt Corp.
Annemarie Strassel / Unite Here
What 's more naked than naked ?
This :
That picture is one of a dozen making up an unusual -- to say the least ! -- pinup calendar .
It was put together for EIZO , a monitor manufacturer ; their equipment is used to display high - resolution medical displays ... like radiographs .
So it 's clever , and apropos .
I had to laugh when I saw them .
I 'm more of a WWII - style pinup kinda guy , but these are really funny .
But as I looked at them more , I started to think more deeply about them .
First , I 'm not overly concerned with discussing any potential sexism involved with these images ; if you think calendars are sexist this wo n't add to the fire or stanch any of those feelings .
So either you think they 're sexist or you do n't ; let 's agree to that and move on to a more interesting aspect of them .
Are they racy ?
And I do n't mean sexy , I mean racy .
Sexy is one thing , but racy implies a bit of a wink - wink , a little bit of naughtiness .
If you find these sexy , that 's your business , and I have no bone to pick with you .
But seriously , would someone consider these to be racy pictures ?
I can think of arguments for and against .
In many of the pictures , you can see a hint of flesh , and in many cases those particular body parts are considered to be , um , secondary sexual characteristics -- and as is well known by the lingerie industry , hinting at skin can be more interesting than simply exposing it .
In a lot of the pictures the model is posed provocatively .
In most of them she 's wearing some killer stilettos , which is more of a pinup thing than a medical imaging thing .
On the other hand , these are freaking X - rays .
It 's funny how these things work .
There are quite a few triggers that indicate sexuality to a man , including shape -- the right curve in the right place .
These pictures have that , but only kinda sorta .
If it were n't for the shoes and the poses , in most of these pictures you'd be hard - pressed to know if it were a man or a woman modeling !
And I 'll admit to hesitating before posting a picture from the calendar .
I wanted to choose one that was relatively work - safe , and again the presence of the shoes or the pose used in some of them seemed inappropriate , so I chose what I thought was the least likely to invoke those triggers ( and my wife agreed ) .
How bizarre !
If it were just a skeleton there would be no problem .
If it were just the shoes sitting on a table , no problem .
But the barest whisper of a breast or a behind together with the footwear and the position does , in my opinion , make these pictures bizarrely racy .
Humans have all sorts of complicated things going on in their brains .
I 'm curious as to what everyone else thinks about these pictures as well .
I know that some people will rail about the sexism , others about the nature of pinups , and so on .
But what do you think about the pictures themselves ?
And yikes .
Check out what stilettos do to your metatarsophalangeal joint between the metatarsal and proximal phalangeal bones !
Perhaps one outcome of these pictures is that the next time I see a woman wearing 4 inch heels , this 'll be what I think of .
Bloomberg : US Debt to Overtake GDP in 2012
US debt continues surging higher and the chart below shows a likely outcome : debt will exceed GDP in as early as 2012 .
Yep , that ’s fewer than two years from now .
From Bloomberg :
“ … the government ’s total debt [ … ] rose past $ 13 trillion for the first time this month .
The amount owed will surpass GDP in 2012 , based on forecasts by the International Monetary Fund .
The lower panel shows U.S. annual GDP growth as tracked by the IMF , which projects the world ’s largest economy to expand at a slower pace than the 3.2 percent average during the past five decades . ”
One concern about the rising debt is what PIMCO ’s Bill Gross refers to as “ the debt super cycle trend . ”
It ’s a situation where the US eventually increases interest rates but , without improved economic growth , it gets much harder to pay debt - related bills .
The US may have lot more difficulty selling its debt , or servicing it , when the lines below cross .
You can click the chart below or follow this link to see a bigger version and read Bloomberg ’s accompanying article .
( Note that there are two tabs , “ story ” and “ graphic . ” )
Published September 28 , 2004 in FrontPageMagazine
The Meaning of " Progressive " Politics
by Barry Loberfeld
To the American mind , the most formal connotation of the term progressive is the Progressive Movement , a period of reform that ranged from the late 1800s to the end of World War I .
Unlike its predecessor , the Populist Party , Progressivism was not a movement of farmers or manual laborers .
Its guiding lights were college - educated men who were consequently steeped in the post - Enlightenment collectivism that had taken hold of the universities both here and in Europe .
Among its apostles were “ economists who adopted the ‘ organic ’ collectivism of the German historical school , sociologists and historians who interpreted Darwin according to the social ideas of Hegel ( the ‘ reform ’ Darwinists ) , clergymen who interpreted Jesus according to the moral ideas of Kant ( the Social Gospelers ) , single - taxers who followed Henry George , Utopians who followed Edward Bellamy ... ‘ humanitarians ’ who followed Comte ... pragmatists who followed William James and the early John Dewey . ” ( Peikoff )
The man who is now virtually synonymous with Progressivism , Herbert Croly ( The Promise of American Life ) , was himself both the son of a noted proponent of Comtian positivism and the student of Harvard 's Josiah Royce , a disciple of Hegel .
All of these thinkers contributed to what would become the ethical foundation of the Progressive Movement : a contempt and loathing of " individualism " -- and its political expression in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution :
* Croly : " The Promise of American Life is to be fulfilled ... by a large measure of individual subordination and self - denial . "
* Sociologist Lester Ward : " The individual has reigned long enough . "
* Antitrust leader Henry Demarest Lloyd : Individualism is " one of the historic mistakes of humanity . "
* The Outlook editor Lyman Abbott : " [ I ] ndividualism is the characteristic of simple barbarism , not of republican civilization . "
* Baptist minister Walter Rauschenbusch : " [ I ] ndividualism means tyranny . "
So great was this fear of the individual that John Dewey believed that the " mere absorbing of facts and truths is so exclusively individual an affair that it tends very naturally to pass into selfishness . "
" Progressive education " was developed to meet the individualist threat on the juvenile level , while Progressive collectivization of the economy would meet it on the adult , with the first targets being those unregulated monoliths of " economic power " -- the corporations .
Here is where Progressive myth collides with historical reality .
The myth is that these " trusts " were becoming monopolies that were then able to use their power to " strangle " the rest of the country -- and all because the government clung to an out - dated doctrine of laissez faire that prevented even modest regulation .
And the reality ?
“ Despite the large number of mergers , and the growth in the absolute size of many corporations , the dominant trend in the American economy ... was toward growing competition .
Competition was unacceptable to many key business and financial interests ...
As new competitors sprang up , and as economic power was diffused throughout an expanding nation , it became apparent to many important businessmen that only the national government could [ cartelize ] the economy ... [ I ] t was not the existence of monopoly that caused the federal government to intervene in the economy , but the lack of it . ” ( Kolko )
If Big Business was the devil of Progressive rhetoric , it was nonetheless the beneficiary of Progressive policy .
How did Progressivism 's means lead to such a corrupt end ?
How did a movement that advocated greater democracy , that insisted that the " National Government must step in and discriminate ... on behalf of equality and the average man " ( Croly ) , bring about the rise of bureaucracies that were removed from democratic review and " invariably controlled by leaders of the regulated industry " ( Kolko ) ?
Along with the chasm between the myth and the market , an illuminating answer can be found in Dewey 's own definition of democracy : " that form of social organization , extending to all areas and ways of living , in which the powers of individuals shall ... [ be ] directed " -- by the State , which can justly be described as the god of Progressive belief .
In addition to Prohibition and segregation , the Progressives ' anti-individualist idealism found yet another manifestation -- militarism .
Under the Roosevelt Administration , the " spirit of imperialism was an exaltation of duty above rights , of collective welfare above individual self - interest ... [ of ] the heroic values as opposed to materialism , action instead of logic , the natural impulse rather than the pallid intellect " ( Osgood ) -- in short , an exaltation of every tenet of Progressive ideology above Enlightenment liberalism .
This manifestation tumefied with the outbreak of war in Europe , with the Progressives ' clamoring for U.S. entry :
* Journalist Frederick L. Allen : " War necessitates organization , system , routine , and discipline .
We shall have to give up much of our economic freedom ...
We shall have to lay by our good - natured individualism and march in step . "
* Dewey : The " social possibilities " of war will supersede the " individualistic tradition " and demonstrate the " supremacy of public need over private possessions . "
* Journalist Ray S. Baker : " We need trouble and stress !
I thought once [ the abolition of individualism ] could be done by some voluntary revolt from comfort and property ...
But it was not enough .
The whirlwind had to come . "
* Croly :
The " tonic of a serious moral adventure " -- i.e. , the war -- will prevent the " real danger of national disintegration " by forcing the American citizen to elevate " national service " above " having his own way . "
With the end of World War I came the end of the Progressive Era .
What did n't end was the movement 's premise : the substitution of collectivism for individualism , statism for laissez faire .
As a policy , Progressivism continued to progress .
The term progressive returned to the national scene with the 1948 presidential campaign of former vice president Henry Wallace and his Progressive Party , whose name pointedly harkened back to Theodore Roosevelt 's own third - party challenge in 1912 .
But the raison d'être of this party was a very un -Progressive opposition to any action by , growth of , or support for the American military .
The difference was that " the enemy " was now Soviet Russia and this Progressive Party was in fact a creation of the Communist Party and its ranks were filled with Communists and fellow travelers -- the Old Left -- none of whom had had any problems with the military when it was fighting Stalin 's enemy in Europe .
The Communist domination of the party was recognized by many even then , and Wallace left it when he supported Truman ’s policy in Korea .
But not to be lost was the connection between progressive and a position that reflexively opposed anything to do with the American military but ideologically supported collectivization of the American economy beyond what the " liberals " of the day advocated .
However , the term did go into hibernation when the Old Left , faltering under the burden of the Khrushchev revelations , was succeeded by the New Left , which maneuvered to distance itself from the Old Left 's commitments ( the USSR ) , ideology ( Stalinism ) , and terminology -- including “ progressive . ”
The New Left imagined itself independent , anti-Stalinist , and " revolutionary . "
But by the end of the 60s , the New Left had realized itself as a movement that proclaimed “ solidarity ” with totalitarian regimes from Southeast Asia to Cuba , embraced Maoism as a visionary creed ( especially for the remnants of Students for a Democratic Society ) , and had utterly failed to achieve anything " revolutionary . "
What next -- a Newer Left ?
Many activists brought their leftism with them as they entered mainstream institutions such as the universities and the Democratic Party .
If anything , they were now " liberals " -- left - liberals , meaning that they were to the left of all other liberals .
( Of course , liberalism itself had shifted markedly leftward , e.g. , McGovern . )
And progressive ?
The term has today re-emerged to once again denote any person , organization , or idea left of moderate .
It was the centrist liberalism of the Clinton Administration -- e.g. , the ( proposed ) neo -Progressive cartelization of medicine , the intervention in the Balkans , the North American Free Trade Agreement -- that brought forth self - designated " progressives " who opposed anything less than full socialization of all medicine , the deployment of U.S. troops anywhere , and the rise of the global economy .
The only real change in the term is how commodious it has become .
It encompasses everyone from an ever - leftward social democrat to a Communist - without - a- Party to such relatively recent arrivals as the colorless " radical feminist " ( i.e. , white bourgeois female ) fighting the Patriarchal Occupational Government , the Queer activist fighting " heteronormality , " the multiculturalist fighting Western civilization , and the Deep Ecologist fighting all civilization .
It even includes ideologically exhausted leftists - without - an - ism such as philosopher Richard Rorty , who allows that the " best we can hope for is more of the same experimental , hit - or - miss , two - steps - forward - and - one - step - back reforms that have been taking place in the industrial democracies since the French Revolution . ”
What 's left is a " progressive "
Left that can progress in any number of directions -- or with none at all .
Which raises the question of just what progressive really tells us .
Something that means everything , means nothing .
Even as a synonym for all things leftist , can it logically include , for example , the Marxist crucifixion of Malthus and the Green resurrection of him ?
Or both pacifism and militarism ( the “ armed struggles ” of socialist forces ) ?
How can we speak of as “ progressive ” striving for a Communist future that is already past – or yearning to drive humanity “ back to the Pleistocene ” ( an Earth First ! slogan ) ?
And exactly how long can a concept sit on the shelf until you ca n’t continue to market it as “ progressive ” ?
Presumably , labeling one ’s position “ progressive ” endows it with the virtue of being forward - looking , " relevant , " while conversely rendering any opposing position backward , " reactionary " – all in all , a superficially more sophisticated alternative to “ good ” and “ evil . ”
In a public square increasingly devoid of common referents , forward - and - back , much like left - and - right , reveals neither where someone is coming from nor what he ’s going after .
For the mere honesty of the debate , what we need is a political vocabulary whose terms actually describe the ideas on the table – a proposal evidently more daunting than its modest tenor would suggest .
Bibliography
E.J. Dionne , Jr. , They Only Look Dead : Why Progressives Will Dominate the Next Political Era , 1996 .
Arthur A. Ekirch , Jr. , Progressivism in America , 1974
Gabriel Kolko , The Triumph of Conservatism : A Reinterpretation of American History , 1900 - 1916 , 1963 .
Michael McGerr , A Fierce Discontent : The Rise and Fall of the Progressive Movement in America , 1870 - 1920 , 2003 .
R.E. Osgood , Ideals and Self - Interest in America ’s Foreign Relations , 1953 .
Leonard Peikoff , The Ominous Parallels : The End of Freedom in America , 1982 .
Most people are already eating GM foods – Roundup - ready crops , for example .
Unlike in the US / EU , we are not told whether the food we eat is GM or not .
Whether it ’s ultimately good or bad , we will only know for sure decades down the line .
At this point in time , scientists have determined that the benefits of GM foods far outweigh the potential risks .
But that does n’t mean they wo n’t change their minds about that .
Despite constant claims of conspiracies , scientists have changed their minds about a lot of things , like trans fatty acids .
They used to claim that it is superior to saturated fats and the food industry changed to reflect that .
However , when they discovered evidence that it is actually very bad , they did n’t say , no , they are lying .
They immediately changed their minds based on the latest evidence and had the industry switch from transfats to healthier oils .
The thing about GM foods is that people assume that crops and animals are the same plants and animals that have been around for thousands of years .
That ’s completely untrue .
Nature changes all the time .
Crops and animals evolve ( as do humans ) .
Our genes will slowly change over time .
By the process of evolution , we will hopefully discard bad attributes and obtain good ones .
Genetically modifying plants and animals merely means we directly manipulate the genes , instead of doing it the old - fashioned way – by breeding or creating hybrids with the characteristics you want .
The trouble I have with most naturopaths , or whatever they want to call themselves these days , is their historical lack of self - examination and self - criticism .
They are forever and ever right .
Never wrong .
If they were right about transfat , that means that they are also right on everything else , whether it ’s vaccines or the bird flu .
GM foods are still being investigated , and I believe , at this point in time , it ’s considered “ Generally Recognized As Safe ” or GRAS by the FDA .
If GM foods are ultimately discovered to cause significant problems , I know that the industry will change .
Look at transfats .
The entire industry is now trying to replace transfats as fast as they possibly can .
Finally , I will NEVER trust someone who tells me to replace nutrients in food with a pill .
Unless we have a specific nutrient absorption problem , or lack of access to adequate food , there is no reason for any supplementation .
It ’s quite ironic that they would recommend eating “ natural ” foods instead of GM foods on one hand , and turn around and try to sell you something artificial like supplements in pills or tablets .
PS .
All this focus on GM foods is seriously misplaced .
We have much bigger health problems RIGHT NOW .
Obesity and smoking kills and that ’s a fact .
Why are we arguing about GM foods that have not be proven to be bad , when we have those two BIG problems right there ?
I say , solve those two known problems first before we tackle GM foods .
Without proper research , all this discussion is really nothing more than a conflict of ideology .
In other words – an utter waste of time !
Click to expand ...
Your little furry friend has been licking you incessantly .
Pet parents can find this extraordinarily adorable or merely bothersome .
Dogs love to lick !
They lick their body parts and enjoy licking yours too .
Those of you who have JUST become pet parents , you wonder why your pet does that !
Is it a way to display their love for you ?
Does your dog view you as a snack ?
Well , there are five reasons why your dog indulges in excessive licking .
Let ’s unravel the mystery !
1. I want attention , HOO MOM !
Your dog licks you because they are craving for attention .
Dogs are the most loyal and lovable creatures on this planet .
Perhaps they want to get your attention .
‘ Look at me !
I ’m here .
I ’m so cute !’
2. Woof !
You are tasty , Hoomom !
Human beings are salty !
Your dog is probably licking you because they like the taste .
Just like Ed Sheeran is in love with the shape of ‘ you , ’ your dog loves the salty taste of your skin .
When you head back home after a strenuous gym session , notice your dog !
They will greet you , and the licking business will start YET again !
3. I ’m a HEALER
Dogs tend to lick their wounds and scrapes .
It is quite beneficial !
The saliva can help the injury to heal faster .
Similarly , if the human being has an open cut or an injury , the dog will start licking it excessively .
They want to help you , mate !
Your dog is your healer .
In Ancient Egypt , a dog ’s lick was used for healing injuries .
A dog ’s tongue is akin to a doctor ’s tongue .
That ’s what the French people say !
4 . Let ’s communicate
Just like we speak through words , dogs have their way of communicating with you .
They are showing their love , affection , and sympathy by licking you .
When pet parents are depressed or start crying , the dogs may come to you and start licking .
It is their way to show they care .
Perhaps the dog is trying to show their affection towards you by planting kisses .
You would notice when you shower kisses on your dog ’s face , they will revert by licking your face .
5. Maintaining Pack Harmony
Licking is also a sign of submissiveness .
The subordinate members of the pack show their submissive side to the dominant members by licking .
This behavior helps in maintaining dog pack harmony !
Even when puppies are born , the mother communicates with the newborns by licking them .
Since it starts from birth , the puppies grow up and interact with their pet parents the same way .
Concluding Thoughts
Licking can release satisfying endorphins .
Hence , you should not be too worried about excessive licking behavior .
Would you rather have a disinterested dog or a loving one ?
The choice is yours !
A lovable dog would lick you for multiple reasons !
However , you can train them not to lick themselves time and again .
It could also be a sign of a medical issue .
If your dog is licking himself / herself continuously , take them to the veterinarian .
Fungi adapted to mines boost plant growth
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
June 16 , 2010
BLOOMINGTON , Ind. --
Repopulating the moon - like terrain around abandoned mines is slow , plodding work , but a new Indiana University Bloomington report in Applied Soil Ecology suggests symbiotic fungi specifically adapted to toxic zones can give colonizing plant partners a strong foothold .
Photo by Wendy Taheri Acid mine runoff is one of the challenges faced by restoration professionals .
Coal contains sulfur which leaches into the water and forms sulfuric acid .
The low pH allows heavy metals to dissolve , creating a toxic sludge .
Print - Quality Photo
" We are learning soil organisms in old mining areas are incredibly important and therefore useful to mine reclamation projects , " said biologist Wendy Taheri , the report 's lead author .
" We need to know more about the organisms in soil , particularly the fungi , to learn how they impact , support and sustain plant communities . "
Fungi recently adapted to living in the nutrient - poor soils around abandoned coal mines had a significant impact on plant growth -- even plants grown in non-mine soils .
" We saw as much as a 69 percent boost in plant growth in the presence of mine - adapted fungi in non-mine soils , and as much as a 59 percent boost in mine soils , " Taheri said .
" It got us thinking about whether plants used in reclamation projects should be inoculated with soil microorganisms already adapted to harsh conditions . "
Biologists Wendy Taheri and James Bever examined a grass and a forb ( Andropogon virginicus and Plantago lanceolata , respectively ) and a community of fungal mutualists that help most plants grow .
The fungi were arbuscular mycorrhizae ( AM ) , a type of fungal symbiote that actually penetrates plant root cell walls with its microscopic hyphae .
Most AM fungi are mutualists , acting as intermediaries in soil nutrient uptake .
The plant hosts get improved access to soil minerals , and the fungi receives food sent down to the roots from the plants ' greener parts .
The scientists wanted to learn how adaptation to the unique environmental qualities of abandoned mines might be influencing the grass - fungi symbiotic relationship .
The two plants and AM fungi are endemic in the two study sites Taheri and Bever chose , a coal mine abandoned in 1993 near Midland , Ind. , and an area near a different coal mine whose soil quality and plant diversity suggest it was minimally disturbed by human activity .
The AM fungi were a bouquet dominated by Paraglomus occultum , with some contribution from Glomus mosseae and an unknown Entropospora species .
The scientists took soil samples from the polluted and non-polluted study sites .
Fungal spores and hyphae were extracted from the soil and separated from nematodes and insect eggs , so that what remained was an inoculum containing only AM fungi .
Inocula containing no fungi , nematodes , or insect eggs were also set aside .
Soil was then sterilized for use in greenhouse growth experiments .
Taheri and Bever also collected A. virginicus and P. lanceolata seeds from each study site .
These seeds would represent plants adapted to mine and non-mine conditions .
Samples were then combined experimentally into 24 different treatments with 10 plants each .
The scientists then examined each plant 's total biomass , while also measuring the individual contributions of each plant 's roots and shoots to the total .
" Many early experiments of this type have looked only at total biomass , " Taheri said .
" But for certain key species , like grasses , which have particularly expansive root systems , we thought it more instructive to look at roots and shoots separately . "
Photo by Wendy Taheri Aeolian and fluvial processes are evident in the coal flats of the ENOS mine ( Indiana ) .
Small oases of plants sometimes gain a foothold .
Their roots and associated mycorrhizal fungi bind the soil and make it more resistant to erosion .
Print - Quality Photo
Not so surprisingly , seeds grown without AM fungi produced stunted seedlings , if the seeds emerged at all .
Plants grown in mine soil without AM fungi did particularly poorly .
What surprised Taheri the most , she said , was how well plants in non-mine soil grew in the presence of mine - adapted AM fungi .
The grass A. virginicus produced 69 percent more biomass in non-mine soil ( relative to plants grown in the same soil with their native AM fungi ) , and 59 percent more biomass in mine soil .
The forb P. lanceolata produced 36 percent more biomass with mine fungi in non-mine soil relative to plants grown with non-mine fungi in non-mine soil .
With the forb , however , mine soil seemed to be an equalizing force of sorts -- plants responded the same to both inocula .
Because the scientists saw forbs grow 11 percent more root tissue relative to total biomass , Taheri and Bever believe the forb is particularly sensitive to the mine soil 's low nutrient density .
" If what you 're trying to do is help plant communities re-establish themselves quickly , it seems pretty clear now that soils -- particularly the organisms living in those soils -- matter , " she said .
" We are also finding that AM fungi can improve restoration of native prairie plant species in Northern Indiana , " said Bever .
" The next step is for us to get a handle on identifying which fungal species are doing what , which ones are best for which plant species .
Getting a grip on fungal genetics is crucial there , " said Taheri .
The research was funded by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources .
To speak with Wendy Taheri , please contact David Bricker , University Communications , at 812-856-9035 or brickerd@indiana.edu .
“ BE FRUITFUL and multiply , and fill the Earth . ”
Taken as an evolutionary imperative , that seems straightforward enough .
But in reality , identifying the best way of doing it can be difficult , whether for individuals seeking romance , or scientists studying reproductive behaviour .
The scientists , at least , have made demonstrable progress .
Two studies published this week — one by Jonathan Evans , of the University of Western Australia , the other by Tom Tregenza of the University of Exeter , in England — show that in fish and insects there is more than one path to mating success , and that the biggest , flashiest males do not always do better than their less assuming brethren .
In their quest for mates , some guppy males are show - offs .
They conduct a decorous courtship in which they parade before their chosen belles .
If a show - off 's performance is sufficiently intense , his colour dramatic enough and his fins suitably ornamental , the female will welcome his advances — which explains the evolution of lavish tail fins and vivid , iridescent colouration .
Other guppies , though , cannot be bothered with all this flummery .
Instead , they go in for a copulatory ambush known as “ sneaking ” .
That is great for the sneak .
Why , though , allow yourself to be ambushed if you are a female ?
Why mate with a second - class beau who cannot be bothered to bring you the fishy equivalent of roses and diamonds ?
The answer , as Dr Evans shows in the Proceedings of the Royal Society , is that sneaks are first - class in one particular department .
Their sperm are much stronger swimmers than those of the show - offs .
The energy that male fish expend on courtship comes at the expense of their semen .
For guppies , having vigorous sperm is valuable because females conduct multiple trysts .
Sperm from several males must therefore compete to fertilise an egg .
Dr Evans 's research suggests that male guppies invest selectively in one of two different stages of the sexual competition .
Some try to outcourt other males for access to females .
Others try to outrace their rivals ' sperm .
The two strategies remain in equilibrium because , if one became rarer compared with the other , its practitioners would enjoy more individual success , passing their genes on preferentially and thus restoring the balance .
Assuming , of course , that a preference for one strategy rather than another is inherited .
So the last part of Dr Evans 's study was to test whether the two strategies are , indeed , inherited .
He found that they are .
The sons of fertile , sneaky fathers do share these paternal traits , while sons of attractive fathers are equally appealing , but have similarly impoverished ejaculate .
The hunk and the troubadour
Dr Tregenza 's study , published in Science , illuminates the similarly diverse mating strategies of crickets .
Like guppies , male crickets compete for female favour — though by virtuoso chirping , rather than visual displays .
But because previous systematic knowledge of cricket behaviour has come from studies done in the laboratory ( studies , indeed , like Dr Evans 's ) , some researchers have questioned whether this sort of behaviour actually contributes to reproductive success in the wild .
To address that point , Dr Tregenza and his colleagues exposed a group of wild crickets to the Big Brother treatment .
They trained video cameras on to 64 cricket burrows .
They then captured , marked , released and tracked hundreds of crickets , and used the footage from the cameras to observe courtship , copulation , cohabitation and fights for dominance .
In a heroic act of enlightened voyeurism , Dr Tregenza 's colleague Rolando Rodríguez - Muñoz watched and analysed the resulting epic — all 250,000 hours of it .
( He had the tapes on fast - forward and scanned 16 monitors at a time , looking for signs of movement that might indicate something interesting was going on . )
By combining this video trove with data about each specimen 's physical characteristics , genetics and offspring , the team then identified those traits that contribute to crickets ' mating and reproductive success in the wild .
Oh maiden fair , list to my lay
Their results did indeed reinforce the established beauty standards for male crickets — “ be large and be loud ” — but with a twist .
What they actually found was , “ be large or be loud ” .
Small males , in other words , could overcome the handicap of their stature and win mates through prodigious chirping .
Larger males , by contrast , gained no additional mates through song .
Like the guppies , then , different strokes were best for different folks .
Moreover , being a dominant male brought no reproductive advantage .
Subordinates sired the same number of offspring as dominants — a fact the researchers were able to confirm by genetic analysis .
Once again , it looks as though two male strategies may be in equilibrium : the hunk and the troubadour , perhaps .
What is clear from both studies , though , is that no matter how hard males compete , they will always be outwitted by the wiliest , most subversive competitors of all : females .
Tech companies are playing hardball on smart phones , but Linux could gain the upper hand with Intel and Nokia going on the defensive with MeeGo .
To get you on Facebook while on the bus , play a tune , and - oh , yeah - make a call , Microsoft and Apple are finding new ways to rein in the competition on phones : they 're using patent threats .
HTC last week accepted an offer it could n't refuse from Microsoft : protection - called " broad coverage " - under Microsoft 's patent portfolio for HTC devices running Google 's Android .
The suggestion was that Google 's Android Linux violated some claimed - but as yet studiously not named by Microsoft - Linux patents .
Or was Microsoft acting the white knight , as some have suggested , by jumping in to defend partner HTC against prosecution by Apple ?
That seems unlikely .
Microsoft refused to comment on the details of its agreement with HTC , citing " confidentiality " , but vice president and deputy general counsel of intellectual property and licensing Horacio Gutierrez made it clear Microsoft has a real problem with Android .
In a statement , Gutierrez cooed about the importance of patents and Microsoft 's duty to shareholders and customers in denying competitors a " free ride , " and held out the prospect of action against other companies building phones on Android .
Those companies include Acer , Dell , LG , Motorola , and Samsung .
" We have ... consistently taken a proactive approach to licensing to resolve IP infringement by other companies , and have been talking with several device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform , " Gutierrez said .
This is creating a great deal of confusion , leaving people uncertain about what patents are in question and whether or where Microsoft , Apple , or patent trolls will strike next .
It 's also certain that the kind of trolls who buy and enforce patents and have only really concentrated on desktop and server Linux will follow the Applesoft radar blip onto the goldrush frontier of Linux on mobile phones and other consumer devices .
MeeGo , YouGo , WeAllGo
MeeGo , the latest mobile - Linux effort - this time from Intel and Nokia - reckons it might have a chance with patents , too .
Only instead of chasing people for royalties , they will use patents to protect those who adopt MeeGo against opportunistic trolls and companies like Microsoft that might decide one day that the best way to make some easy money or to hobble your business is by claiming patent infringement in the MeeGo Linux you are busy using on your smart phones .
Ari Jaaksi , Nokia 's vice president of MeeGo devices , told The Reg Tuesday that Intel and Nokia could " guarantee and promise " that MeeGo is safe from any and all patent claims because of the size and breadth of the companies ' patent portfolios , and also because of the size of Intel and Nokia themselves .
MeeGo is based on the Linux kernel and uses common components such as X - Windows and Gstreamer .
" Both Nokia and Intel have a huge patent portfolio and we have put our investment into the standard Linux - based platform .
That 's a guarantee and promise that it 's safe for anyone to take this platform because we will look after your investment with our patent platform , " Jaaksi said .
" With the big patent portfolios already backing up MeeGo as an operating system , that should make some of the concerns go away ... we 'll defend that with our patent portfolio . "
While it 's nice of Intel and Nokia to turn patents back on themselves , the challenge will be whether MeeGo will be around long enough for Jaaksi 's promise to have a practical impact .
Before the second to last Lost starts tonight , see how far your favorite castaways have come .
Check out our collection of Lost casting tapes — including Matthew Fox and Jorge Garcia auditioning for the role of Sawyer .
Advertisement
Josh Holloway Auditioning For Sawyer
Matthew Fox Auditioning For Sawyer
Dominic Monaghan Auditioning For Sawyer
Jorge Garcia Auditioning For Sawyer Too !
Evangeline Lilly Auditioning For Kate with J.J. Abrams Giving Notes
Naveen Andrews Auditioning For Sayid
Daniel Dae Kim Auditioning For Jin Kwon
Yunjin Kim Kim Auditioning For Kate
Emile de Ravin Auditioning For Claire
Harold Perrineau Auditioning For Michael
Malcolm David Kelley Auditioning For Walt
Maggie Grace Auditioning For Shannon
Ian Somerhalder Auditioning For Boone
Michael Emerson Auditioning For Hurley
We get a glimpse into the latest leading unemployment indicators courtesy of Fox Biz ' which notifies that Morgan Stanley in addition to previously reported job cuts , will also be shutting another 300 branch offices and cutting as many as 1,200 jobs over the next year in an attempt to reduce overhead .
The primary reason for this : " there has been a significant slowdown in small investors turning to brokers to execute orders ; many investors are sitting on cash because they are fearful of the recent volatility in the markets .
Because of the declining retail order flow , every major brokerage firm will have to cut staff , Morgan even more so because of the overlap from the Smith Barney acquisition . "
Apparently promises by the SEC and the quant / HFT community that the May 6 crash will never , ever repeat again are insufficient to placate the investing population which is now justifiably turning its back on equity investments , as seen by last week 's massive ongoing outflow from domestic equity mutual funds .
Absent Obama making another March 2009 - like appearance discussing attractive " profit and earnings ratios " , we do n't see a material catalyst to change risk perceptions .
More from Fox Business :
The frenzied response to the BP oil well blowout in the Gulf of Mexico has featured any number of wing - and - a- prayer options from engineers and elected officials .
But the debate over a sand - barrier plan that skeptical scientists are referring to as “ The Great Wall of Louisiana ” has been the most politically charged .
Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal , Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) and angry parish presidents have hammered the Obama administration in past weeks over what they characterize as a glacial federal approval process for the state ’s plan to construct 128 miles of sand berms , dredging up 102 million cubic yards of seabed in the process , to bolster the state ’s barrier islands and absorb oil before it reaches sensitive coastal marshes .
The Army Corps of Engineers gave final approval last week to a scaled - down version of the project after rejecting the state ’s original proposal , which could have cost as much as $ 950 million and taken as long as nine months to build .
But as Jindal and other politicians celebrate the partial victory , coastal researchers warn that the project ca n’t be built in time to help — even if it had been approved when first proposed last month .
And scientists warn that it may have unforeseen consequences .
The berm system could reroute the spill up the Mississippi Delta , and it would be unlikely to survive even a mild storm during the current hurricane season .
It also will absorb the short supplies of sand badly needed for projects to restore the state ’s coastline , damaged by past hurricanes .
Heavy equipment , including barges and dredge lines , could interfere with nesting season , now at its peak , for protected bird species .
Even Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , who ultimately approved the project , was lukewarm in his endorsement .
“ There are a lot of doubts whether this is a valid oil spill response technique , given the length of construction and so forth , ” he said in announcing the first of six berm sites at Scofield Island , west of the Mississippi River .
“ We are not averse to attempting this as a prototype . ”
BP , which was ordered by Allen to pick up the estimated $ 360 million cost of the revised 45 - mile - long berm project , washed its hands of the outcome .
“ The company will not assume liability for unintended consequences , ” said spokesman Mark Proegler .
“ We ’re counting on the government to make the right decisions . ”
Although the state signed contracts with a dredging firm , BP has yet to provide the funding .
“ To date , BP has done a great job in sending us press releases and attorneys , but they have n’t sent us any money to dredge , ” Jindal said Friday .
“ We are moving ahead without BP .
We gave them two choices :
They can either send us a check , get out of the way and let us start this work , or they can sign a contract and do it themselves .
We are going ahead without them . ”
The Army Corps of Engineers has located a dredger .
“ We could see sand by Monday , ” Jindal said .
Jindal ’s frenetic pace is part of the state ’s gamble on the “ worth - a - shot ” approach to protecting its bays and bayous , 140 miles of which are coated in oil .
So far , the state has built a “ marsh fringe barrier , ” made up of sand plugs and small berms , in four coastal parishes , and has filled sea -bottom depressions with sandbags .
Workers have strung tall , four - sided Hesco basket barriers in bays and laid more than 750 miles of booms throughout the four - state gulf region .
The use of sand berms to collect oil has been around for some time but has never been employed on this scale .
Jindal has been the plan ’s most vociferous booster .
Louisiana has for decades been fighting a losing battle to reestablish its barrier islands , low - lying sand spits where natural shifting and erosion have been exacerbated by the channelization of the Mississippi and by recent catastrophic hurricanes .
The Chandeleur Islands once extended almost to the Mississippi coast but lost 85 % of their land mass in Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The looming tropical storm season has some scientists questioning the expenditure of money and resources on an experimental project .
Although the berms will be 300 feet wide at their base , tapering to 25 feet at the top , a sand wall is not considered a robust structure .
The berms “ will not survive even a low - intensity tropical storm in the northern gulf , ” said Jack Kindinger , director of the U.S. Geological Survey ’s Coastal and Marine Science Center in St. Petersburg , Fla .
“ If we have one next week , the berms will be gone .
We have to be careful not to do more harm than good . ”
Kindinger said that the new barriers may increase tidal action in open water , which would boost the salinity in estuaries and alter the lives of marsh plants and wildlife .
In a similar manner , the project could inadvertently drive oil into the Mississippi sound , the Biloxi marshes and Lake Borgne , according to the Army Corps ’ analysis .
Gregory Stone , director of the Coastal Studies Institute at Louisiana State University , warned that scooping sediment out of the sea bottom could accelerate wave action .
“ It ’s not advisable to go out into shallow water and dredge and not expect potential negative impacts , ” Stone said .
“ That ’s going to increase the energy of the waves . ”
Such worries prompted the Interior Department to conclude : “ We do not think the risks inherent in proceeding without more environmental study and knowledge are acceptable . ”
Coastal scientists and oceanographers were brought in this week to present their views on the berm proposal to state and federal responders .
Many said they were frustrated , wondering why their expertise was not brought to bear sooner .
“ You can not do this without some sort of reasonable quantification as to what will happen , ” Stone said . " I understand we are in a jam right now , but , good Lord , we have sophisticated computer models that can do this in a matter of weeks . …
It ’s sort of unconscionable that we ’ve gone well over a month without scientific input . ”
Denise Reed , interim director of the Pontchartrain Institute for Environmental Science at the University of New Orleans , said that given the construction timelines , expectations that the berms will stop oil are unrealistic .
“ There is a public sense that this is the solution that we need , ” she said .
“ I found this proposal extremely difficult to evaluate because it ’s so idealized and conceptual . …
We are not going into it with our eyes wide open . ”
julie.cart@latimes.com
Image Credit : Frank Masi ; Adam Larkey / ABCdoucheboat
noun
A male character or celebrity who is undeniably attractive , despite possessing an abhorrent personality .
Origin : Coined many moons ago in the EW offices by Idolatry ‘s own Kristen Baldwin , and kept alive by News & Notes editor Meeta Agrawal , this jaunty combination of the words “ douche ” and “ dreamboat ” once again surfaced during today ’s EW morning meeting .
Sample sentence : Bradley Cooper has perfected the doucheboat role in Wedding Crashers , He ’s Just Not That Into You , and The Hangover , but when it comes to TV , Josh Hopkins ’ work on Cougar Town and Brothers & Sisters is the gold standard .
When we see an image on a web page , it ’s second nature for us to move our mouse over it or try to click it .
We have come to expect some level of interactivity when it comes to images , especially with modern web design technologies , such as jQuery .
If you happen to be working on a project that requires the images to have a little something extra , then jQuery is the way to go .
To help you out , we ’ve rounded up 10 jQuery Plugins and Techniques for Doing More with Images .
Here you ’ll learn how to create a simple image zoom out effect with jQuery .
The idea is show some images which are zoomed in initially and when hovering over an image it gets zoomed out .
This effect could be used in photography websites or image galleries .
Jcrop is the quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application .
It combines the ease - of - use of a typical jQuery plugin with a powerful cross- platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications .
Zoomer Gallery allows you to easily transform your image lists into beautiful galleries with Flash - like zoom effects in them .
It ’s a simple but elegant way of giving your interfaces a nice little shine and at only 2 KB in size , it ’s both compact and surprisingly easy to use .
Captify is a plugin for jQuery written by Brian Reavis ( @brianreavis ) to display simple , pretty image captions that appear on rollover .
It has been tested on Firefox , Chrome , Safari , and the wretched Internet Explorer .
In this tutorial you ’ll take the makings of a classic slideshow , but use a different kind of transition to animate between slides .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn to create an interactive sponsor wall that fits a lot of information and organize it clearly , so that the emphasis is put on your sponsors , and not on other elements of your design .
jSquares is a jQuery plugin that pops up an image and a description in an overlay on hover .
A plugin to easily add and save annotations on an image .
Zoomooz is an easy - to - use jQuery plugin for making any web page element zoom .
i Viewer is a plugin used to load and view image in container with ability to zoom image and to drag it with mouse in container .
Ever since oil started gushing from its well in the Gulf of Mexico , the British energy company BP has responded precisely the way you ’d expect from a massive corporation caught up in a terrible mess .
It has sent its public - relations staff out to grovel abjectly on television .
It has run around trying to make it look like it ’s doing something , even if it is only stuffing old socks into the leaking well .
Chief executive Tony Hayward has been wringing his hands at every available opportunity .
But this is a catastrophe on a whole new scale .
Traditional responses wo n’t work .
In fact , there are no words BP can use to apologise sufficiently for the damage the leak has caused .
Whatever it says , it ’s still going to be the most reviled company in America .
Instead BP should try a different tack .
It should tell the US , and everybody in it , to go take a hike .
In reality , the US is guilty of the most appalling hypocrisy .
It ’s too late to rescue BP ’s reputation now ; all it can realistically hope for is to salvage as much money for shareholders as possible .
It is n’t hard to understand why BP is in trouble .
The biggest oil spill in US history has soiled at least 225 kilometres of coastline , halted new exploratory drilling in the Gulf and shut down a third of its fishing areas .
Politicians are baying for BP ’s blood .
The media is kicking the company to pieces .
The New York Daily News last week described Hayward as “ the most hated - and clueless - man in America ” for his handling of the crisis .
Publicity does n’t get much worse than that .
So far , BP has been playing this right out of the chapter in the spin doctor ’s manual headed , “ What to do when your company is about as popular as the Third Reich in 1946 . ”
It has apologised , and apologised again .
It has simpered , felt people ’s pain , and promised to learn from its mistakes .
Responsibility has been taken , errors owned up to .
No doubt we can expect some pretty hefty donations to environmental charities over the next few years .
And do n’t be surprised if we see the Hayward family canceling its summer vacation and getting down to the Gulf beaches with a bucket and big mop .
The trouble is , none of it is going to work .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has more chance of getting the Ford franchise for Lubbock , Texas , than BP does of staying in business in the US .
So why not try a complete reversal of tactics instead ?
Tell everyone in the US to go stuff it where the oil do n’t leak .
Here are three reasons why it should :
First , the US is guilty of crazy double standards .
Hayward should go on TV and say : “ Excuse me , which country is the biggest oil consumer on the planet ?
Who refused to do anything about climate change , or even to put sensible taxes on gas ?
Heck , your president even flies around in a 747 when a modest Gulfstream jet would get him there just as fast .
So of course the oil companies have to drill in more and more dangerous places .
If you insist on being addicted to cheap oil , you have to recognise there are risks attached .
So grow up , and stop acting like children . ”
Next , BP likely is finished in the US .
There is no form of apology that will make any difference .
The average American consumer now hates BP and is n’t about to change that opinion for a generation or more .
So BP should just hire the nastiest , meanest lawyers that money can buy - the one commodity the US has in over - abundance .
Fight every lawsuit .
Refuse every claim above the bare minimum .
You ’re going to get hammered anyway , so you might as well go down fighting .
Whatever you do , do n’t waste a lot of money on an army of advertising agencies and public - relations consultants trying to restore your image .
It ’s not going to work , so there is no point even trying .
Finally , BP needs to protect its shareholders .
So sell your assets in the US to one of the other energy majors while you still can .
Just remember there ’s a big world out there , with a lot of oil and cars in it .
Your job is to look after the owners of the company , not make yourself acceptable to a country that does n’t want you anymore .
Of course , doing this really will make Hayward the most - hated man in the country .
But then , who cares ?
George Bush was the most - hated man in France , but since he was n’t looking for any votes in Bordeaux , it did n’t count for much .
BP ’s image in the US matters only so long as it tries to do business in the US .
If it cuts its losses and gets out now , it can carry on fine in Japan , France , Argentina and all the other countries where no one is really that bothered by what happens in the Gulf of Mexico .
Just say : “ Thanks for everything guys .
It was good while it lasted .
Sorry about the oil spill , but so it goes .
Goodbye and goodnight . ”
It ’s the only strategy that ’s going to work now .
Matthew Lynn is a Bloomberg News columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own .
Bloomberg
Memorial Day , now observed on the last Monday of May , is the day of the year set aside for Americans to commemorate the men and women of the United States who died while in the military service .
On Memorial Day the President of the United States traditionally visits Arlington National Cemetery , where America ’s honored dead are interred , to deliver a speech in remembrance of those who died in service to their country and to lay a memorial wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns .
President Obama ’s decision to spend the 2010 Memorial Day weekend in Chicago rather than attending memorial services in Arlington engendered claims that he thus became the first U.S. president to skip the Arlington wreath - laying ceremony since the inception of Memorial Day :
Mike Savage stated that President Obama was not going to Arlington this Memorial Day but is sending VP Biden in his place .
Obama is going to Chicago instead .
Savage stated that this is the first time in history that a President has not laid a wreath at Arlington on Memorial day .
This claim was inaccurate :
On several occasions in just the last thirty years , U.S. presidents have been elsewhere on Memorial Day ( either vacationing or attending to different presidential duties ) while other administration officials represented them at the wreath - laying ceremony :
In 2002 , President George W. Bush was in France on Memorial Day and participated in ceremonies at Normandy ( site of the D - Day landings ) honoring the U.S. soldiers who fought and died in World War II .
In his place , Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns .
President George H.W. Bush ( himself a World War II veteran ) attended no ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery during his four years in office .
In 1989 he was in Rome on Memorial Day ( where he led observances at an American military cemetery south of that city ) , and from 1990 through 1992 he spent the Memorial Day weekend vacationing in Kennebunkport , Maine , while Vice - President Dan Quayle laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns .
President Ronald Reagan was away from Arlington on Memorial Day on four occasions during his eight years in office :
In 1981 , Reagan ( having been seriously wounded in an assassination attempt six weeks earlier ) spent the Memorial Day weekend at his ranch in Santa Barbara , California , while Vice - President George H.W. Bush laid the wreath at Arlington .
In 1983 , he attended a summit meeting in Williamsburg , Virginia , while Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Thayer represented the administration at the wreath - laying ceremony .
In 1987 , Reagan spent Memorial Day at the Camp David presidential retreat while Navy Secretary James Webb participated in the wreath - laying ceremony .
And on Memorial Day 1988 , he was out of the U.S. , attending a summit meeting in Moscow .
Bill Clinton was the only U.S. President in the last 30 + years to have attended Memorial Day ceremonies at Arlington every year throughout his term of office .
On Memorial Day 2010 , President Obama was scheduled to honor America ’s fallen heroes with a speech at Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery near Chicago , while Vice - President Joe Biden took his place at Arlington ; however , a thunderstorm in Illinois interrupted the former ceremony , and President Obama returned to Washington to deliver his speech at Andrews Air Force Base .
With the exception of that one year , President Obama has participated in wreath - laying ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery every Memorial Day ( 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 ) during his administration .
I ’ve done another two pen T - shirt .
This time it ’s Little Richard tantalised by un-earthly floating golden fruity goodness .
Tutti ? Frutti .
I know the president has a lot on his mind , but the No. 1 problem facing the U.S. continues to fester , and that problem is unemployment .
The jobs report for May , released on Friday by the Labor Department , was grim .
President Obama tried to put the best face on it , but it was undeniably bad news , which is why the stock markets tanked .
The private sector created just 41,000 jobs in May , a dismal performance .
The government hired 411,000 workers to help with the census , but those jobs are temporary and will vanish in a few months .
Unemployment is crushing families and stifling the prospects of young people .
Given that reality , President Obama ’s take on the May numbers seemed oddly out of touch .
“ This report , ” he said , “ is a sign that our economy is getting stronger by the day . ”
The economy is sick , and all efforts to revive it that do not directly confront the staggering levels of joblessness are doomed .
Even the meager job growth in the private sector last month was composed mostly of temporary work .
Lawrence Mishel , the president of the Economic Policy Institute , had the right take when he said , “ These new data do not present a picture of a healthy private sector and offer nothing even closely resembling the job growth we need to dig us out of a very deep hole . ”
Three Australian soldiers have been killed and seven injured in a helicopter crash in the rugged north of Kandahar Province in Afghanistan .
It is believed at this point that the helicopter was not shot down by enemy fire but it is unknown what caused the crash , Defence Force Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston .
" This was not the result of enemy action , " Air Chief Marshal Houston said .
Other Coalition helicopters were able to land nearby the crash site and recover the bodies and wounded soldiers .
Of the seven wounded soldiers , two are in a serious condition and have been airlifted to a US Air Force base at Bagram .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A UN summer camp for children in Gaza was vandalized by two dozen masked men early Monday .
The vandals burned and slashed tents , toys and a plastic swimming pool .
It was the second such attack in a month .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but Islamic extremists have accused the main UN aid agency of corrupting Gaza 's youth with its summer program of games , sports and human rights lessons for 250,000 children .
The UN's main competitor in running summer camps is Hamas , which says it has reached some 100,000 children .
The Hamas camps teach Islam and military - style marching , along with swimming and horseback riding .
In Monday 's attack , about two dozen armed and masked men targeted a seaside camp in central Gaza , one of dozens of UN sites across the Palestinian territory .
The assailants tied up an unarmed guard , then tried to set fire to two tents and a perimeter fence made from tarp - like material .
Wielding knives , they slashed a plastic swimming pool , blow - up slide and other toys .
John Ging , the local UN chief , called it a " cowardly and despicable " attack and said the site would be rebuilt quickly .
He said the attack is the latest sign of growing levels of extremism in Gaza .
He said it provides further evidence " of the urgency to change the circumstances on the ground that are generating such extremism .
" Ging has repeatedly called for lifting of the 3 year - old border blockade of Gaza by Israel and Egypt , arguing the sanctions have mostly hurt ordinary Gazans , not Hamas .
The blockade was imposed after the violent Hamas takeover of Gaza in 2007 .
Supreme Court backs use of terrorism law against free speech
By John Burton
22 June 2010
In the only “ terrorism ” - related case this term , the Supreme Court on Monday upheld 6 - 3 a provision of law making it a federal crime to “ knowingly provide material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization , ” even if the “ support ” consists only of “ expert advice or assistance ” for “ lawful , non-violent purposes ” — in other words , political speech .
The US Secretary of State can designate any “ foreign organization ” as “ terrorist ” based on “ classified information ” establishing that it “ engages in terrorist activity ” which “ threatens the security of United States nationals or the national security of the United States . ”
Under this week ’s decision , an individual can be sentenced to as much as 15 years imprisonment if found to “ support ” a designated organization , even if only by means of engaging in discussions with it or speaking on its behalf .
History has proved that “ terrorist ” designations are based principally not on an organization ’s record of engaging in genuine acts of terror , but rather on the exigencies of US foreign policy .
For example , in the 1980s the African National Congress , which led the struggle against apartheid in South Africa , was designated as “ terrorist , ” while the Islamic fundamentalists fighting Soviet troops in Afghanistan — the precursors of al Qaeda — were hailed as equivalent to the US “ founding fathers . ”
This week ’s ruling marks a new stage in the ongoing attack on democratic rights in the United States .
At the behest of the Obama administration , the Supreme Court — for the first time ever — has given its imprimatur to the prosecution and imprisonment of US citizens for advocating support of organizations opposing the policies of the US government or its allies anywhere on the planet .
The plaintiffs in Humanitarian Law Project v. Holder were a coalition of US - based human rights organizations , nonprofit groups and citizens who obtained a lower court injunction to protect them from being criminally prosecuted for advising and assisting the separatist Partiya Karkeran Kurdistan ( PKK ) and Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
Both were designated as “ foreign terrorist organizations ” by Democratic President Bill Clinton ’s Secretary of State Madeline Albright in 1997 .
The injunction allowed the plaintiffs to “ train members of the PKK on how to use humanitarian and international law to peacefully resolve disputes , ” to “ engage in political advocacy on behalf of Kurds who live in Turkey ” ; and to “ teach PKK members how to petition various representative bodies such as the United Nations for relief . ”
The plaintiffs also were allowed to “ train members of the LTTE to present claims for tsunami-related aid to mediators and international bodies , ” to “ offer their legal expertise in negotiating peace agreements between the LTTE and the Sri Lankan government , ” and to “ engage in political advocacy on behalf of Tamils who live in Sri Lanka . ”
The Obama administration ’s Attorney General , Eric Holder , appealed the injunction to the Supreme Court , where he was represented by Solicitor General Elena Kagan , President Barack Obama ’s nominee to replace retiring Associate Justice John Paul Stevens on the court .
The case represents further proof that the assault on democratic rights initiated by the Bush administration in the name of a “ global war on terror ” is being continued and deepened under the Obama White House .
The challenged law is a provision of the “ Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 ” ( AEDPA ) , a thoroughly reactionary and demagogic crime bill signed into law by Clinton on the first anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing .
Additional AEDPA provisions severely limit access to habeas corpus for death row prisoners and others challenging convictions for serious crimes .
( See “ US Supreme Court upholds limits on death penalty appeals ” )
Rejecting plaintiffs ’ claims that the law unconstitutionally criminalized conduct protected by the First - Amendment ’s guarantees of freedoms of speech and association , Chief Justice John Roberts , writing for the six - judge majority , stated that such actions “ meant to ‘ promot[e ] peaceable , lawful conduct ’ ... can further terrorism …
Such support frees up other resources within the organization that may be put to violent ends .
It also importantly helps lend legitimacy to foreign terrorist groups — legitimacy that makes it easier for those groups to persist , to recruit members , and to raise funds — all of which facilitate more terrorist attacks . ”
Hyperbolically comparing the struggles of these nationalist movements against US allies Turkey and Sri Lanka to an all - out inter- imperialist conflagration , Roberts wrote , “ If only good can come from training our adversaries in international dispute resolution , presumably it would have been unconstitutional to prevent American citizens from training the Japanese Government on using international organizations and mechanisms to resolve disputes during World War II . ”
Roberts ’ majority opinion was joined by the three other extreme right - wing justices , Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito , the conservative “ swing ” Justice Anthony Kennedy , and Stevens , who usually sides with the three moderate justices .
Associate Justice Stephen Breyer wrote the dissent , which was joined by Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor .
Breyer ’s decided to read a summary of his dissent from the bench Monday morning , an unusual occurrence indicating strong disagreement with the majority .
“ I cannot agree with the Court ’s conclusion that the Constitution permits the Government to prosecute the plaintiffs criminally for engaging in coordinated teaching and advocacy furthering the designated organizations ’ lawful political objectives , ” Breyer stated .
“ That this speech and association for political purposes is the kind of activity to which the First Amendment ordinarily offers its strongest protection is elementary . ”
After reviewing high court precedents which make government enactments that interfere with First - Amendment protected conduct subject to “ strict scrutiny ” — such measures can be upheld only if they are necessary to further a “ compelling state interest ” — Breyer wrote that the “ ‘ legitimacy ’ justification cannot by itself warrant suppression of political speech , advocacy , and association . ”
“ Speech , association , and related activities on behalf of a group will often , perhaps always , help to legitimate that group , ” Breyer explained .
“ Thus , were the law to accept a “ legitimating ” effect , in and of itself and without qualification , as providing sufficient grounds for imposing such a ban , the First Amendment battle would be lost in untold instances where it should be won .
Once one accepts this argument , there is no natural stopping place , ” Breyer warned .
To hammer the point home , Breyer cited “ cases involving the protection the First Amendment offered those who joined the Communist Party intending only to further its peaceful activities .
In those cases , this Court took account of congressional findings that the Communist Party not only advocated theoretically but also sought to put into practice the overthrow of our Government through force and violence . ”
“ Nonetheless , the Court held that the First Amendment protected an American ’s right to belong to that party — despite whatever ‘ legitimating ’ effect membership might have had — as long as the person did not share the party ’s unlawful purposes , ” Breyer wrote .
Significantly , among the amicus curiae “ friends of the court ” filing briefs in support of the plaintiffs in this case were victims of McCarthyite witch hunts and their family members .
They correctly observed the parallels between the political repression of the 1950s and that of the present era .
Breyer expanded on what he called “ the Government ’s themes . ”
Referring to “ the plaintiffs ’ proposal to ‘ train members of the PKK on how to use humanitarian and international law to peacefully resolve disputes , ’ ” Breyer wrote , “ The majority justifies the criminalization of this activity in significant part on the ground that ‘ peaceful negotiations ’ might just ‘ buy time ... , lulling opponents into complacency . ’
And the PKK might use its new information about ‘ the structures of the international legal system ... to threaten , manipulate , and disrupt . ’
“ What is one to say about these arguments — arguments that would deny First Amendment protection to the peaceful teaching of international human rights law on the ground that a little knowledge about ‘ the international legal system ’ is too dangerous a thing ; that an opponent ’s subsequent willingness to negotiate might be faked , so let ’s not teach him how to try ? ”
Breyer asked rhetorically .
“ Moreover , the risk that those who are taught will put otherwise innocent speech or knowledge to bad use is omnipresent , ” Breyer continued .
“ Hence to accept this kind of argument without more and to apply it to the teaching of a subject such as international human rights law is to adopt a rule of law that , contrary to the Constitution ’s text and First Amendment precedent , would automatically forbid the teaching of any subject in a case where national security interests conflict with the First Amendment . ”
The Obama administration , like the administrations which preceded it , seeks to eliminate all democratic rights which conflict with the interests of US militarism .
The current Supreme Court majority is eager to oblige .
A Toronto veterinarian says he awoke around 4 a.m.
Saturday to the sight of a gun pointed at him by a black - clad police officer standing at the foot of his bed .
Then , says John Booth , he was told to keep his hands visible and to produce identification , asked questions about a man named Peter he had never met , detained on his lawn in handcuffs for half an hour , and informed he would be charged with the crime of conspiracy to commit mischief — before being released by apologetic officers who belatedly realized he had no connection with the alleged anarchist organizer they were seeking .
“ There was a gun in my face .
I ’ll never forget that , ” said Booth , 30 , of an incident he and his wife described as exasperating , traumatic , and at moments terrifying .
“ I woke up to two people in the hallway opening Finn ’s room , ” said Hanna , 31 , who was sleeping in a different room from John to be close to her 6 - month - old son .
“ And I did n’t believe they were cops , even when they showed me their badges .
I thought , ‘ That looks official , but how could a cop be in my home ? ’
Not ringing the doorbell — they ’re in my room .
I ’m in my panties and a tank top , my kid ’s screaming his head off , he ’s so scared , the tension in the house — it was just the most horrible and absurd thing . ”
The officers , John Booth said , were apparently unaware that his three - storey High Park - area house is split into two apartments .
Booth , a vet at the Richview Animal Hospital , lives in the upper apartment with Hanna , a vet on the Toronto Humane Society board of directors , and their son .
Organizers with the Toronto Community Mobilization Network , which is assisting G20 protest groups , live in the lower apartment .
The TCMN organizers were hosting several other activists .
Peter Hopperton , described by police as a leader with the Southern Ontario Anarchist Resistance and by TCMN as “ an organizer of G20 Childcare as well as other community projects , ” was one of them .
Hopperton was arrested Saturday morning and brought onto the lawn with Booth .
He was charged with the same offence over which Booth was temporarily detained .
John Booth said the officers , who entered through an unlocked door , sidestepped repeated requests to show him a warrant .
He said they alternately promised to produce it later , claimed to have showed it to someone else , or simply said no .
“ At first I actually said , ‘ This is n’t a joke , right ? ’
Because I honestly could n’t even understand where this was coming from , ” he said .
“ They understood , as the interaction went on , that it was looking less and less likely that I had anything to do with what they were talking about .
They were inadvertently discovering —
‘ Oh , okay , thanks for telling us that there ’s two apartments , ’ like that was so enlightening .
Yeah , well , you should ’ve known that before you came into my house . ”
The Booths say they will not sue .
But they have filed a complaint to the province ’s police review office in an attempt to hold the planners of the raid accountable ; John Booth said he does not blame the junior officers who conducted it .
“ The problem with the whole thing was that it was a very poorly researched and very poorly executed plan .
. .
A little due diligence on their part could ’ve avoided the whole situation . ”
The summit ’s Integrated Security Unit did not respond to requests for comment .
Including Hopperton , four people in Toronto were arrested on the mischief charge .
Show full PR text
06/21/2010
Barnes & Noble Introduces NOOK ™ Wi-Fi® and Lowers NOOK 3G Price ,
Giving Book Lovers Greater Choice and Even Greater Value
At Only $ 149 , Wi-Fi-Only Addition to NOOK Family is the Most Full - Featured , Low - Cost eBook Reader on the Market , Now Available Online at www.nook.com
Bestseller NOOK 3G is First Dedicated eBook Reader with
Free 3G Wireless and Wi-Fi Connectivity Available at $ 199
Latest Software Update to Both NOOK Models Offers NOOK Customers
Complimentary Access at All AT&T Wi-Fi Hot Spots and Improved Reading Features
New York , New York – June 21 , 2010 – Barnes & Noble , Inc. ( NYSE : BKS ) , the world 's largest bookseller , is giving book lovers more choice and greater value in dedicated eBook Reading devices with the addition of NOOK Wi-Fi to the NOOK by Barnes & Noble family for just $ 149 , and a new lower price for its award - winning NOOK 3G at $ 199 .
The new NOOK Wi-Fi offers all the great features of NOOK 3G – a color touchscreen for navigation and best - in - class E - Ink® display for a great reading experience – plus Wi -Fi connectivity .
NOOK Wi-Fi is now available to order online at www.nook.com and www.bestbuy.com.
Barnes & Noble 's new price for NOOK 3G marks the market 's first under -$ 200 dedicated full - featured eBook reader that offers both free 3G wireless and Wi-Fi connectivity .
And Barnes & Noble continues to enhance the eReading experience for all NOOK 3G and NOOK Wi-Fi owners through its latest 1.4 software update , now offering even more places to connect to Wi-Fi for free and faster access to the content they want to read .
NOOK Wi-Fi eBook Reader marries innovative technology and sleek minimalist design with Wi -Fi connectivity .
This latest addition to the NOOK family gives customers the opportunity to take advantage of the proliferation of both in - home and public Wi -Fi hotspots , where they can browse the Web and shop the Barnes & Noble eBookstore of more than one million eBooks , periodicals and other digital content .
With its latest software update for all NOOK devices ( now available at www.nook.com/update), Barnes & Noble is offering all NOOK customers complimentary access to AT&T 's entire nationwide Wi-Fi network , including Barnes & Noble bookstores which have previously been available to NOOK customers .
As part of the NOOK eBook Reader family , NOOK Wi-Fi features Barnes & Noble 's breakthrough LendMe™ technology , enabling customers to share eBooks with friends for up to 14 days .
NOOK Wi-Fi also offers the same great in - store features like Read In Store™ to browse complete eBooks in Barnes & Noble stores at no cost , and More In Store™ , offering free , exclusive content and special promotions .
" People who love to read will find tremendous value with the new NOOK Wi-Fi , the most full - featured , low - cost eReading device on the market , and our bestselling NOOK 3G now at an even lower price , " said Tony Astarita , Vice President , Digital Products , Barnes & Noble.com .
" This expanded choice offers best - in - class , best - priced dedicated eBook Readers featuring eBook sharing , access to our vast eBookstore , great free and exclusive content and much more .
And with expansion of fast and free Wi-Fi access beyond Barnes & Noble stores to thousands of AT&T Wi-Fi Hot Spots , we 're bringing additional freedom and flexibility to all NOOK 3G and NOOK Wi-Fi customers . "
Just like NOOK 3G , NOOK Wi-Fi features :
* Enriched eReading : Enjoy an immersive reading experience with color book covers to browse in your library or while shopping , fast page turns , multiple font choices and sizes and more .
* Dual displays : A fun , easy - to - use reading experience on the familiar paper - like 6 " E Ink display which offers great contrast with no backlight or glare even in bright sunlight , and 3.5 " LCD lower color touchscreen for navigation .
* Vast catalog of content : Shop the Barnes & Noble eBookstore for everything from classics to current bestsellers and download your content wirelessly in seconds .
There are more than one million eBooks , magazines and newspapers available and free eBook samples .
* Lend to friends :
Share a wide range of eBooks with friends for 14 days using exclusive LendMe™ technology .
* In - store experience : Access fast and free Wi-Fi connectivity in Barnes & Noble stores and enjoy the beta Read In Store feature to browse many complete eBooks for free , and the More In Store program , which offers free , exclusive content and special promotions .
* Games , music and Web : Play Chess or Sudoku , listen to your favorite songs or browse the Web to check news and email .
* Light and portable library : About the size and weight of a paperback , the 2GB device carries approximately 1,500 eBooks and offers virtually endless shelf space with expandable memory .
* Your B&N personal library : With Barnes & Noble 's Lifetime Library™ , Barnes & Noble digital purchases will be accessible on BN.com and can be enjoyed on the widest variety of devices .
Your eBook library goes wherever you go , giving instant access to your existing Barnes & Noble digital library on your NOOK device , partners ' third - party eBook readers and hundreds of computing and mobile devices enabled with free BN eReader software including iPad™ , iPhone® , iPod touch® , BlackBerry ® , HTC HD2™ , PC and Mac® .
* Read for days : Long battery life means you wo n't need to worry about recharging .
With Wi -Fi turned off , enjoy reading for up to 10 days on a single battery charge .
* Personalize with style : Customize NOOK
Wi-Fi with one of the many stylish designer accessories available for all NOOK devices .
Customers can choose from a range of classic and colorful accessories designed exclusively for NOOK devices by renowned designers kate spade new york , Jack Spade , Jonathan Adler , Tahari and others .
NOOK Wi-Fi follows NOOK 3G 's stylish design and dimensions and is lightweight ( just 11.6 ounces ) , making it easy to carry in a handbag , briefcase , backpack or suit jacket pocket , just like NOOK 3G .
NOOK Wi-Fi also comes with a removable white back cover – NOOK's is grey – and you can personalize your device from a selection of four additional great back cover colors .
All NOOK 3G and NOOK Wi-Fi customers can also use the included USB cable to connect their device to a PC or Mac to transfer their personal files in ePub , PDF and PDB formats to their NOOK .
Based on Barnes & Noble 's open platform and Adobe technology partnership , customers can transfer and read personal files that utilize Adobe 's latest digital rights management or are rights - free .
Barnes & Noble 's use of Adobe technology and ePub format also allows customers to read their digital content across a growing universe of devices .
NOOK Wi-Fi Available for Order Today
Just in time for summer reading , NOOK Wi-Fi is now available for purchase online at www.nook.com for $ 149 and will begin shipping this week .
A bookseller at a Barnes & Noble store can also help customers place an order .
NOOK Wi-Fi can also be ordered at www.bestbuy.com.
Barnes & Noble expects NOOK Wi-Fi will be in - stock in select Barnes & Noble and Best Buy stores for immediate purchase later this month and rolling out to all stores later this summer .
NOOK 3G continues to offer both free 3G wireless and Wi-Fi connectivity to give customers more ways to shop on - the - go .
NOOK 3G is in stock at Barnes & Noble stores and at www.nook.com with its new price of $ 199 .
NOOK 3G is also available at Best Buy and www.bestbuy.com.
Visit the NOOK counter at any Barnes & Noble store to see , hold and touch NOOK and learn more about eBooks and eReading from a knowledgeable Barnes & Noble bookseller who can help determine which NOOK eBook Reader best fits a customer 's needs .
Barnes & Noble offers the best opportunity to try before you buy in both Barnes & Noble and Best Buy stores .
NOOK v1.4 Update : Complimentary AT&T Wi -Fi Access and More
Barnes & Noble also announced that its latest NOOK v1.4 software gives all NOOK 3G and NOOK Wi-Fi customers complimentary high - speed access to AT&T 's entire nationwide Wi-Fi network , including restaurants , hotels and additional locations across the country which can be found at www.att.com/go.
So now , in addition to Barnes & Noble stores , all NOOK customers can enjoy free - high - speed access to browse the Barnes & Noble eBookstore and the Web on their NOOKs in thousands more places .
The latest NOOK software also offers a Go To Page feature , one of the most frequent enhancements requested by NOOK users , which allows customers to jump to a specific page number in an open eBook , an extra extra large font and performance enhancements to open eBooks even faster .
NOOK v1.4 software is now available via manual download at www.nook.com/update with additional information and easy - to - follow directions .
NOOKs connected to Wi-Fi will receive an automatic NOOK v1.4 update upon syncing over the next week .
Despite its usefulness , the phylogeographic method has serious shortcomings as seems to be the case for any discipline with a historical dimension .
Generally , direct genetic evidence about phylogeographic divergence can be gathered only where populations currently exist .
Even then , the evidence is temporally fragmented as the result of past population extinctions .
These factors can obscure inferences about the prevalence and the spatial scale of cryptic speciation .
Obtaining genealogical signal from genetic markers is also challenging if speciation occurred very rapidly , as is often the case in Quaternary biological radiations .
Partial solutions to these shortcomings exist , but their effectiveness is dictated by the peculiarities of each biogeographic scenario .
Solutions include combining traditional tree - based phylogenetic methods with estimates of demographic parameters that take into account uncertainties in phylogeographic inference [ 9 , 10 , 20 – 22 ] , adding data from extinct populations [ 23 ] , adding temporal samples from the same populations [ 24 – 27 ] and adding data from a large number of individuals , localities and fast - evolving genetic markers [ 21 , 26 –28 ] .
Nevertheless , when combined with data from population genetics and Earth sciences , phylogeographic information can be used to answer key questions concerning past and present aspects of biodiversity and to predict future demographic scenarios .
Techniques for studying cryptic diversity using DNA data are becoming cheaper and cheaper , and so finite resources can be reallocated to gather more population samples , in both time and space .
Through temporal and spatial sampling a biologist is basically looking at the world as a geologist would .
Phylogeographers have two main tools for looking into the past : using sophisticated models of DNA evolution they can infer from present - day data the evolutionary processes that happened in the past [ 20 – 22 ] , or they can actually look at the past [ 23 – 27 ] , as a geologist would when studying stratigraphic series .
However , phylogeographers generally have no formal training on how to explore and interpret physical data about Earth 's history .
As a result , they have often inefficiently , and sometimes incorrectly , used information from disciplines such as geomorphology , sedimentology , paleoclimatology , volcanology and oceanography .
Many of these fields , especially those related to Late Quaternary dynamics , have experienced technological and theoretical advances in recent years that produce data that are probably ' cryptic ' to the eyes of many biologists .
As a starting point , Earth scientists and phylogeographers should integrate their information to fill in temporal and spatial gaps when reconstructing the history of a particular region and its biota ( Figure 1 ) .
This can be of mutual benefit to both types of specialists by guiding and rationalizing sampling ( both genetic and geological ) over the appropriate geographic and temporal landscape .
In turn , this can produce a less fragmented picture about the patterns and processes shaping biodiversity .
Figure 1
An integration among molecular population biologists , Earth scientists and taxonomists to discover , document and understand biodiversity .
The diagram exemplifies a comparative phylogeographic study but single - taxon studies are also important .
Integrated scientists benefit from the flow of information that occurs from all sections of the diagram ( not shown ) .
Full size image
Justifiably or not , species as established in the current taxonomy are often used as units in biodiversity research and in conservation policy .
Thus , investment towards a better resourced morphology - based taxonomy is urgently needed to implement a modern and integrated system to ensure that newly reported cryptic species will be described following their discovery [ 29 ] .
Human activity has had a greater impact on biodiversity in the past 50 years than at any time in human history , and the rate of change is predicted to continue or to increase [ 30 ] .
Some of the key drivers affecting the loss of biodiversity worldwide are habitat alteration , climate change , overexploitation and invasive alien species .
By improving the way we discover , document and measure biodiversity , we will move towards understanding the consequences of changes in these drivers for biodiversity .
For this to become a reality , biodiversity programs need to bring a spatial and temporal perspective to the forefront of their research agenda .
Biologists need to dedicate more time to fieldwork ( for example , the giraffe study ) and expand their intellectual ' confidence zone ' to better address temporal axes of diversification ( for example , the frog study ) .
The prevalence of cryptic species , even in charismatic and well studied animals like the giraffe , highlights the importance of combining multidisciplinary approaches in order to capture nature 's complexity .
Ever since my preventive medicine courses in medical school , I ’ve been intrigued by statistics .
These can reveal fascinating and sometimes even useful information on mortality and morbidity trends in a given population .
For example , among Titanic survivors , a greater percentage of adult male first class passengers survived than third class children ( what happened to “ women and children first ” ? ) .
A year after their injury , elderly patients who suffer a hip fracture have a greater life expectancy than those of the same age who did not .
Do n’t rush out and push grandma down the stairs though , as this is because only seniors of superior strength and health survive the year .
Yes , there may be some truth to Mark Twain ’s assertion that : “ … there are lies , damn lies …and then there are statistics . ”
But stats can reveal interesting truths from raw data .
Just look at what a little number crunching recently showed me about the occupants of the White House .
Surfing the web a few weeks ago , I came across a site that gives the medical history and cause of death of many American presidents .
This prompted me to take a little harder look at the vicissitudes of this exalted political position .
One discovery I made was that , though Barack Obama is the 44th president of the United States , there have only been 43 presidents .
This puzzled me until I realized that Grover Cleveland was elected for two non-consecutive terms ; hence , he is counted as both the 22nd and 24th president .
Of additional interest is that of 43 presidents , a total of eight died in office .
Four were assassinated , all by guns : Lincoln in 1865 , Garfield in 1881 , McKinley in 1901 and Kennedy in 1963 .
If you want to be specific , most experts feel that Garfield was n’t killed by the bullet itself , but by the attentions of the numerous physicians who attended him incessantly probing and contaminating his wound .
Non-physicians Alexander Graham Bell and Canadian - born Simon Newcomb tried to avoid this by locating the bullet with a newly invented metal detector .
Unfortunately no one thought to take the president off of the ( also newly invented ) metal spring mattress on which he lay , which jammed the magnetic signals , rendering the detector useless .
Many also think attempts by doctors to probe Lincoln ’s wounds may have killed him , or at least hastened his demise .
Apparently McKinley was n’t killed by his doctors , but they could have saved him had they known where the bullet was located .
Ironically , he was shot at the Pan - American Exposition in Buffalo , New York , a few yards from another new invention , the x-ray machine .
Unfortunately no one thought of carrying him next door and trying out the new device .
Of the four presidents who died natural deaths in office , William Harrison perished from pneumonia , Zachary Taylor from possible typhoid fever , Warren Harding from an infarct ( fortunately not in the arms of his alleged mistress , Nan Britton ) , and Franklin Roosevelt from a cerebral hemorrhage .
A closer look at these numbers shows that about 18 % of U.S. presidents died while in office .
Half of these were assassinations !
This gives an incumbent president a 9 % chance , about one chance in 11 , of being murdered by a firearm while serving his term .
Moreover , Theodore Roosevelt received a non-fatal bullet wound to the chest in 1912 and Ronald Reagan in 1981 .
If we count attempts where someone fired but missed , we ’ll find that Andrew Jackson escaped assassination in 1835 when his two assailants ’ guns misfired .
Franklin Roosevelt narrowly escaped being shot in 1933 , though several bystanders were injured and Chicago Mayor , Anton Cermak , later died of his wounds .
Harry S Truman escaped one serious assassination attempt unscathed ( and no , there is no period after the S – S was his actual middle name ) .
Gerald Ford dodged two assassination attempts , both by women , the only efforts on record by the fairer sex to dispose of a president .
What this says about women and about Ford I have no idea .
Therefore , in total ten U.S. presidents were killed , wounded or at least shot at — a total of 23.2 % or almost one - in - four assaulted by a firearm !
If we break this down , three of the four presidents successfully assassinated — Lincoln , Garfield and McKinley — were members of the Republican Party .
Since a total of 18 past presid ents were Republicans , this reveals that one in six Republican presidents was murdered in office .
Additionally , two Republican presidents , Theodore Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan , were intentionally but non-fatally shot .
Thus , five of 18 Republican presidents or 28 % were victims of murder or injury by firearm .
That ’s more than one in four !
Only one assassinated president , John F. Kennedy , was a Democrat .
Those Democrats aspiring to the Oval Office should n’t feel too secure , however .
All three of the attempts in which the assassin missed completely were directed at Democrats Andrew Jackson , Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman .
Thus of the past 14 presidents who were Democrats , someone tried to or succeeded in killing four , which is 28.6 % , over one in four !
It would seem the Democrats were not better liked , but simply luckier ( or their assailants were lousy shots . )
Let ’s not forget the now defunct parties that elected members to the Oval Office .
Those who were members of the Federalist Party ( Washington and John Adams ) , and Democratic - Republican Party ( Jefferson , Madison , Monroe and John Quincy Adams ) all escaped their terms without fatality of any kind .
Nobody assassinated any of the four
Whig presidents but they must have been a sickly lot .
Two of them , Harrison and Taylor , died of natural causes in office , giving the incumbents of this party a 52 mortality rate .
Overall , the most surprising thing about my survey was the large number of attempts by Americans to eliminate their chief executive with firearms .
Being president is a lot riskier than serving in the military in Afghanistan .
Given the statistics , I sure would n’t want the job of President of the United States .
While those who occupy the Oval Office may be called many things , “ coward ” should n’t be one of them .
Photo Credits
“ Chicago Tribune : Encyclopedia Britannica
“ McKinley Assassination attempt ” Public Domain
“ Ronald Reagan ” Courtesy of www.ronaldreagan.com
Recent Dr. George Burden Articles :
Ten engineering students from Britain hope to tackle the Pan - American Highway – all 15,000 miles of it – in the last thing you 'd think to do it in : an electric car .
Not just any electric car , mind you , but one originally designed for racing .
Racing Green Endurance , which consists entirely of students at Imperial College London , has converted a Radical SR8 to battery electric power .
As if that were n't impressive enough , they plan to spend three months driving it from Prudhoe Bay , Alaska , to Tierra Del Fuego to show people that EVs can be quick , they can be cool and they can go the distance .
" The perception still exists that EVs are somehow inferior to their fossil fueled counterparts , " team spokesman Andy Hadland told Wired.com .
" There is always a caveat .
' I 'd buy one , but they only go a few miles ... they are n't really zero carbon ... they take too long to charge . '
These are all perceptions that we want to change . "
He 's got a point .
People offer all kinds of reasons why EVs wo n't take off .
Among the biggest is " range anxiety " – the concern that a range of , say , 100 miles is n't enough , even though most motorists do n't drive more than 40 miles a day .
That remains one of the biggest challenges to mainstream acceptance of cars with cords .
" We wanted to build a car with impressive endurance to show that they can go the distance , " he says .
" And by doing it in the rather funky SRZero , hopefully people will sit up and take notice . "
It would be hard not to notice the SRZero .
The SRZero started as an SR8 , a race - ready machine built by Radical Sportscars .
Although it looks like something you 'd see at LeMans – an SR8 lapped the Nurburgring Nordschleife in 6 minutes and 48 seconds – Hadland says it 's a great candidate for conversion .
The tubular chassis was easily modified to accept batteries , and the car is lightweight , which helps maximize range .
Besides – it looks badass , which helps in a PR campaign .
We can't help but think that played a role in the decision to use it .
" It attracts attention , " Hadland said .
" If the SRZero were a four - by - four , would you pay so much attention ?
Maybe not . "
The car 's 2.6 - liter V - 8 engine and six - speed gearbox made way for two AC synchronous Axial Flux motors .
The motors were custom - wound to maximize efficiency at highway cruising speeds .
They produce 72 kilowatts ( 96.5 horsepower ) continuous and 144 kilowatts ( 193 horsepower ) peak .
The car weighs 1,100 kilograms .
Power comes from a lithium–iron phosphate battery pack using cells from Thundersky .
It weighs 550 kilograms and fills the sidepods and the space behind the driver .
Hadland says the 56 kilowatt - hour pack is good for 400 kilometers ( 248 miles ) on the U.S. EPA drive cycle .
That sounds about right ; the 53 kilowatt - hour pack in the Tesla Roadster is good for 224 miles and has gone as far as 313 miles .
The team is using a controller made by Rinehart Motion Systems .
Hadland says it uses a patented cooling system and it's about one - third the size of other controllers .
" A useful thing to have when you 've got a tight space to fit them in , " he says .
Testing the battery was a bit of a hassle , and the team had problems getting the cells balanced .
" But with some clever software and hardware changes , the pack now balances to an impressively small amount , less than 0.01 standard deviation , " says Aran Kankiwala , the team 's powertrain engineer .
All of the hardware sits in a modified stock chassis and is wrapped in the stock carbon - fiber bodywork .
The team raised the car 's ride height to make it more roadworthy – though it 's still pretty freakin ' low – and Hadland says it is " pretty comfortable " even after a few hours behind the wheel .
The regenerative braking system " mimics engine braking pretty nicely " while returning juice to the pack .
Direct drive – no gearbox – increases efficiency .
" Our powertrain efficiency is over 90 percent , which is quite ridiculous , " Hadland says .
The team started the project – which is sponsored by Radical , Thundersky and others – in January 2009 .
The students knew early on they wanted to tackle something big and soon decided on the Pan - American Highway .
" If you 're going to try and associate EVs with endurance and long distance , you 've got to take it to extremes , " Hadland says .
Of course , one does n't just set off on a road trip the length of the Americas .
The team is getting help from local officials , and even some ambassadors , along the way , and it has lined up charging locations with help from sponsors and Imperial College alumni .
They 'll be making the trip in an open - topped race car with minimal amenities , but everyone is ready .
" We 've got warm jackets and helmets , " Hadland says .
" If it rains , we 'll just have to man up , same as anyone on a motorbike .
What other amenities do you need if you 're cruising down the Pan - American Highway ?
We 're passing through some spectacular landscapes along the way . "
The trip starts July 8 in Prudhoe Bay , Alaska .
UPDATE : 1:30 p.m. Eastern :
As to the question some of you have about how the team will navigate the Darien Gap , it plans to ship the car around the gap , and they 've met with ambassadors to Panama and Colombia to line up the required visas .
Photos : Racing Green Endurance .
Video : Claudio von Planta / YouTube
See Also :
The SRZero uses a pair of AC synchronous motors and a 56 kilowatt - hour lithium–iron phosphate battery .
The team expects to spend three months driving the Pan - American Highway .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa2c4NLXQ64
Editor 's note : Sound off on how the oil spill is being handled on iReport .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama used his first Oval Office address to the nation Tuesday to say 90 percent of the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico will be captured within weeks , and to call for a new clean energy policy to end U.S. dependence on fossil fuels .
The 18 - minute speech , televised nationally , described what happened in the April 20 explosion and fire on a Gulf of Mexico oil rig that led to what Obama called " the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced . "
He compared the millions of gallons of oil leaking into the ocean to an epidemic " we will be fighting for months and even years . "
Obama meets Wednesday with the chairman of oil giant BP , which owns the broken well at the bottom of the Gulf , and the president made clear he expects BP to pay all clean - up costs and damages from the massive leak .
He said he will tell BP Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg to " set aside whatever resources are required to compensate the workers and business owners who have been harmed as a result of his company 's recklessness . "
" This fund will not be controlled by BP , " Obama said .
" In order to ensure that all legitimate claims are paid out in a fair and timely manner , the account must and will be administered by an independent , third party . "
In response to Obama 's speech , a BP spokesperson said the company shared the president 's goals of " shutting off the well as quickly as possible , cleaning up the oil and mitigating the impact on the people and environment of the Gulf Coast , " and looked forward to Wednesday 's meeting " for a constructive discussion about how best to achieve these mutual goals . "
Earlier , senior administration officials told reporters that negotiations on the BP fund were continuing , with one major unresolved issue being whether workers who lose their jobs due to the government 's six - month moratorium on offshore drilling will be eligible to file damage claims .
Republican critics have complained the moratorium is eliminating badly needed jobs as the nation recovers from economic recession , but Obama said the government must ensure the safety of such deep - water operations before allowing them to continue .
Obama said he knows the moratorium " creates difficulty for the people who work on these rigs . "
" But for the sake of their safety , and for the sake of the entire region , we need to know the facts before we allow deep - water drilling to continue , " he said .
Obama also called the Gulf oil disaster " the most painful and powerful reminder yet that the time to embrace a clean energy future is now . "
The United States must end its dependence on fossil fuels , he said , calling for Congress to rise above partisan politics to take on the challenge of passing energy reform legislation that will lead the way to development of a clean energy economy .
In an attempt to counter complaints of a sluggish government response to the oil disaster , Obama noted cited resources have poured into the region including nearly 30,000 people working in four states to contain and clean up the oil , along with " thousands of ships and other vessels . "
He said he had authorized deployment of more than 17,000 National Guard members along the coast to be used as needed by state governors .
Republican responses , some distributed to reporters before the speech began , criticized Obama for using the oil disaster to push his energy reform policies , which GOP critics say will increase energy prices and eliminate jobs .
" Every day seems to bring more bad news about the size and scope of this crisis , and reversing that trend should be the president 's priority , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Kentucky .
" The White House may view this oil spill as an opportunity to push its agenda in Washington , but Americans are more concerned about what it plans to do to solve the crisis at hand , " McConnell said .
He complained the energy reform legislation supported by Obama also is endorsed by BP and will " raise energy prices for every American family and business " but " wo n't end our dependence on foreign oil or protect the coastline and marshes of the Gulf coast . "
Sen . Kay Bailey Hutchison , R - Texas , said the administration 's focus should be on stopping the leak , not pushing Obama 's policies .
" I am concerned the administration is attempting to capitalize on public outrage over the spill in order to push through a cap - and - trade bill that will significantly raise energy prices for all Americans and add more burdens on businesses , " Hutchison said in a statement .
" Right now , the president 's number one priority needs to be keeping the jobs in the energy sector from going overseas and restoring the Gulf of Mexico . "
Environmentalists supported Obama 's call for Congress to pass energy reform legislation , with former Vice President Al Gore , now chairman of the Alliance for Climate Protection , saying that " in the midst of the greatest environmental disaster in our country 's history , there is no excuse to do otherwise . "
Ultimately , Gore said in statement , " the only way to prevent this type of tragedy from happening again is to fundamentally change how we power our economy . "
Earlier Tuesday , Obama named Michael Bromwich to direct the federal government 's efforts to regulate offshore oil drilling .
Bromwich , who was a Justice Department inspector general in the Clinton administration , will oversee the reorganized agencies that formerly comprised the Minerals Management Service in the Department of Interior .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told ABC News on Tuesday morning that Obama 's goal is to " restore the Gulf , not just the way it was the day the rig exploded , but years ago . "
Presidents have tackled a variety of topics in Oval Office speeches -- from the Challenger disaster in 1986 to the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Energy was last a topic in 1979 , when Jimmy Carter spoke about America 's inability to overcome the energy crisis .
While Obama has dealt with major issues including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and a major economic downturn since taking office in January 2009 , he had never spoken to the public from the Oval Office until now .
CNN 's Dana Bash , Anderson Cooper , Suzanne Malveaux , Ed Henry , Ed Hornick and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .
When the going gets tough , the tough take accounting .
When the job market worsens , many students figure they can’t indulge in an English or a history major .
They have to study something that will lead directly to a job .
So it is almost inevitable that over the next few years , as labor markets struggle , the humanities will continue their long slide .
There already has been a nearly 50 percent drop in the portion of liberal arts majors over the past generation , and that trend is bound to accelerate .
Once the stars of university life , humanities now play bit roles when prospective students take their college tours .
The labs are more glamorous than the libraries .
But allow me to pause for a moment and throw another sandbag on the levee of those trying to resist this tide .
Let me stand up for the history , English and art classes , even in the face of today ’s economic realities .
Studying the humanities improves your ability to read and write .
No matter what you do in life , you will have a huge advantage if you can read a paragraph and discern its meaning ( a rarer talent than you might suppose ) .
You will have enormous power if you are the person in the office who can write a clear and concise memo .
WASHINGTON – “ We are the change , we have the power , ” Campaign for America ’s Future co-director Robert Borosage told progressive leaders and activists from around the country today .
“ We are headed into fierce battle ” over the next few years , Borosage said , as the America ’s Future NOW !
convened for three days of discussion and debate on the role of progressives in the Obama era , curbing Wall Street , ending corporate influence over politics , fighting for jobs and justice , and building a new , green economy .
Looking back on the 2008 Obama election victory , followed by18 months of what Borosage called “ the greatest flurry of reform in over 50 years , ” panelists offered a variety of perspectives .
But the bottom line shared by all may have been captured best by the Rev. Jesse Jackson , who brought the crowd to its feet at the close of the day when he said , “ It ’s time to fight again . ”
The Great Society and the War on Poverty must not be “ a dream deferred , ” Jackson said .
“ We have never won unless we fought . ”
Introducing a panel titled “ The Great Debate : Progressives in the Obama Era , ” Roger Hickey , CAF co-director , said , “ Candidate Obama ’s agenda was our agenda . ”
But , he said , recalling the words of abolitionist Frederick Douglass , “ we all know that power concedes nothing without a fight . ”
Corporate interests have put their stamp on every victory won in the last 18 months and stalled other progressive priorities , Hickey said .
Noting that “ many hoped that Obama would lead the movement to stand up to corporate interests , ” Hickey posed the question : “ Is this Obama ’s problem or is it ours ?
What can we do to ensure that Obama achieves that transformation ? ”
Borosage had one take : Obama was elected with a mandate and a cascading crisis that requires fundamental change , but in the reform battles over the past year , he said , the White House was “ too timid , ” too ready to compromise , the president was “ too reluctant to draw clear ideological differences ” and the “ right wing gained greater traction than it otherwise might have . ”
“ We , WE , will have to fight , ” Borosage declared .
“ We have to revive our independent movement .
We have to stop waiting for Obama .
We have to take on conservatives in both parties .
The progressive movement must organize independent of the Democratic administration to effect change . ”
On the other hand , Deepak Bhargava of the Center for Community Change emphasized that “ we have accomplished much more in the last 18 months than progressives give ourselves credit for …
We do ourselves great disservice by failing to acknowledge this . ”
The “ arrow of change had been going in the wrong direction for a long time , ” not just under Bush but also under Clinton , Bhargava said .
“ Now it is headed in the right direction . ”
There are failures and disappointments , such as lack of progress on Employee Free Choice , he said , “ but the change we have achieved is larger than it appears in the rearview mirror to many . ”
The central question is not what Obama does or does not do , but what the movement does , he said .
The key difference between the progressive advances of the 1930s and ’60s and the decades of right - wing advance , Bhargava said , was the existence of “ stronger , more vibrant social movements . ”
Progressive advance is “ only partly about how Obama responds , it ’s mostly about what we do , ” he said .
Pointing to the more than a million who have marched for immigrant rights , in a movement in which “ some of the most marginalized have put their bodies in the streets , ” Bhargava said , “ That ’s what it ’s going to take . ”
Darcy Burner of ProgressiveCongress.org said , “ The progressive movement has to do whatever it takes to make this president do the right thing . ”
This , she said , is “ the best way to support Barack Obama . ”
Burner said , “ It ’s not our job to make this president or his administration comfortable . ”
Arianna Huffington said electing Obama was the easy part , the struggle now is the hard part .
But , she said , “ Bipartisanship is not the way to fundamental change . ”
Asking , “ Why is n’t greater urgency coming out of Washington to solve Main Street ’s problems ? ”
Huffington said , we need “ Hope 2.0 , ” we need to “ take matters into our own hands . ”
Yet , Bhargava said , it ’s essential for progressives to have a “ sober , realistic view of the nation we live in . ”
He said he did not think there is a “ sweeping mandate for progressive change ” – it ’s still a divided country with very contradictory opinions – and that underscores the importance of attracting new people to the movement .
As participants discussed these issues at their tables , Joe Tolbert , a young African American man and state project coordinator for the Highlander Center in East Tennessee , said he has argued with friends that the election of Obama was “ a milestone , ” but “ it ’s not the end ” of the struggle .
His Highlander co-worker Ada Smith , a young white woman based in Eastern Kentucky , said what ’s important is not whether people are “ red ” or “ blue ” staters , but “ whatever is going to make people ’s lives better . ”
Panelist Phaedra Ellis - Lamkins of Green for
All made that point : “ The white coal miner in West Virginia and the black woman working at Chevron in Richmond , Calif . , have the same needs . ”
We believe in the president , she said , but the “ vital issue is : does the quality of life of our families get better . ”
That is “ the beauty of green jobs , ” she said .
“ It allows us to bring everyone together and meet their needs .
That ’s what Glenn Beck is afraid of . ”
Deepak Bhargava , left and Roger Hickey , right , and Darcy Burner , not pictured , lead a discussion “ Progressive Strategy in the Obama Era ” at Campaign for America ’s Future ’s “ America ’s Future Now ! ” conference , June 7 , in Washington .
( America ’s Future Now/ OurFuture.org )
Priced out of the market by the rollercoaster ride taken by land prices ?
A US scheme coming to Sydney offers a chance to cut the cost of buying a home by up to half .
Sydney home buyers are to be offered the chance to purchase at least part of what they really want - they will be able to buy the roof over their heads but not the ground under their feet .
That , as the American experience has shown ( see graph above ) , can halve the price of a home .
Schemes in the US similar to the newly created , Bondi- based , Waratah Community Land Trust Association have halved the cost of buying a home , but the biggest obstacle to getting so - called community land trusts up and running is acquiring suitable properties in the first place , exponents admit .
It has been estimated by experts that the pressure which blows the oil into the Gulf waters is estimated to be between 20,000 and 70,000 PSI ( pounds per square inch ) .
Impossible to control .
What US Scientists Are Forbidden To Tell The Public About The Gulf
What you are about to read , is what the scientists in the United States are not allowed to tell you in great fear of the Obama administration .
They are under the threat of severe repercussions to the max ..
Scientists confirming these findings cannot be named due to the above , but what they believe , they want to be known by all .
Take a U. S. map , lay it flat and measure inland just the minimum 50 miles of total destruction all around the Gulf of Mexico as to what you will read below .
The carnage to the United States is so staggering , it will take your breathe away .
Should what the scientists who are trying to warn everyone about be even close to being true ... all of Florida will be completely destroyed as will everyone and everything on it .
You decide !!
Everyone has the right to read what I have just written in this article , as well as to what is written below by the scientists who the Obama administration and BP are trying to shut up .
Please share with as many as you can .
-- Dr. James P. Wickstrom http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2010/05/05/learning/oilslickLN/oilslickLN-blogSpan.jpg
SUMMARY OF WHAT IS HAPPENING
The estimated super high pressure release of oil from under the earth 's crust is between 80,000 to 100,000 barrels per day .
The flow of oil and toxic gases is bringing up with it ... rocks and sand which causes the flow to create a sandblasting effect on the remaining well head device currently somewhat restricting the flow , as well as the drilled hole itself .
As the well head becomes worn it enlarges the passageway allowing an ever - increasing flow .
Even if some device could be placed onto the existing wellhead , it would not be able to shut off the flow , because what remains of the existing wellhead would not be able to contain the pressure .
The well head piping is originally about 2 inches thick .
It is now likely to be less than 1 inch thick , and thinning by each passing moment .
The oil has now reached the Gulf Stream and is entering the Oceanic current which is at least four times stronger than the current in the Gulf , which will carry it throughout the world within 18 months .
The oil along with the gasses , including benzene and many other toxins , is deleting the oxygen in the water .
This is killing all life in the ocean .
Along with the oil along the shores , there will be many dead fish , etc. that will have to be gathered and disposed of .
SUMMARY OF EXPECTATIONS
At some point the drilled hole in the earth will enlarge itself beneath the wellhead to weaken the area the wellhead rests upon .
The intense pressure will then push the wellhead off the hole allowing a direct unrestricted flow of oil , etc .
The hole will continue to increase in size allowing more and more oil to rise into the Gulf .
After several billion barrels of oil have been released , the pressure within the massive cavity five miles beneath the ocean floor will begin to normalize .
This will allow the water , under the intense pressure at 1 mile deep , to be forced into the hole and the cavity where the oil was .
The temperature at that depth is near 400 degrees , possibly more .
The water will be vaporized and turned into steam , creating an enormous amount of force , lifting the Gulf floor .
It is difficult to know how much water will go down to the core and therefore , its not possible to fully calculate the rise of the floor .
The tsunami wave this will create will be anywhere from 20 to 80 feet high , possibly more .
Then the floor will fall into the now vacant chamber .
This is how nature will seal the hole .
Depending on the height of the tsunami , the ocean debris , oil , and existing structures that will be washed away on shore and inland , will leave the area from 50 to 200 miles inland devoid of life .
Even if the debris is cleaned up , the contaminants that will be in the ground and water supply will prohibit re-population of these areas for an unknown number of years .
( End of scientists information release . )
From Tom Buyea FL News Service Comment Joseph Fasciani 6-9-10 Jeff -
As I wrote in the PS and Comment to another article , HS physics tells us that a liquid cannot be compressed .
Period .
Perhaps this statement you posted , http://www.rense.com/general91/oilor.htm, will help the wake - up call .
As he points out :
The hole will continue to increase in size allowing more and more oil to rise into the Gulf .
After several billion barrels of oil have been released , the pressure within the massive cavity five miles beneath the ocean floor will begin to normalize .
If HS sheeple had elementary physics , chemistry , biology , botany , and zoology BEFORE leaving HS , the MSM could not hood wink so many so often .
- Joseph Comment Robert Morningstar FYI ... Jeff Rense is right ...
Robert M* To : Ted O. Subject : update on the oil spill Date : Wed , 9 Jun 2010 16:30:22 - 0500 Hi , Ted :
You probably will not be surprised to learn that the situation is much worse than the mainstream media are reporting .
We have a geyser of lies from BP and the WH .
Some friends have kept track of the situation .
One is a retired troubleshooter for big oil and another is a very bright physicist who is working with other scientists to develop some strategies for coping with the spill .
It now appears that degradation of the sea floor and well casing may soon allow the pressure of the effluent to spit out whatever is still blocking the flow ( probably pieces of the casing ) and push the blowout preventer aside .
If that happens there will be a dramatic increase in the flow .
BP has quietly advanced the completion date for a relief well to Christmas .
It is not clear that a relief well will actually be able to stop the spill .
The relief well has to intercept the bore of the wild well at a place where the casing has integrity , and no one knows whether that place might be or even if it exists .
By August enough oil may have been released to pose a serious threat to life in the Atlantic Ocean .
There is no way to keep it out of deep currents that will carry it everywhere .
Today someone posted a disturbing forecast on rense.com .
http://rense.com/general91/oilor.htm
I sent it to the physicist , hoping he would say it was exaggeraged .
He replied : " I read Rense.com also .
" I already sent the article out to our " group " for their opinion .
Two of the best geologists and oil - well experts in the country are in our little klatsch .
It was their opinion that no BOP in existence would have contained the overpressure .
From day one I was arguing that the pipes were being eroded .
I think the quoted pressures are off by a factor of 10 , but even 7000 psi is nothing to sneeze at .
Remember my worry of " fracking " and steam formation ?
Now people can get it from both ends of the horse .
Yes I believe the website is quite credible .
" Let me scare you even more .
Fracking can proceed to where many of the so - called oil wells are joined , since there is only one really big deposit underlying the entire GoM shelf .
Yep , all the way to your neck of the woods .
All the platforms are really sucking teats from a single sow .
A chain reaction is possible , eroding all the walls , going down to as far as Venezuela as a worst - case scenario .
And remember , that South American deposit extends all the way , nearly to the Antarctic .
The Falklands war was over possession of the oil .
Estimates of several trillion barrels of oil can be let loose .
" Other that , Mrs. Lincoln , how did you like the play ?
--- end quote -- I do n't know about the tsunami .
I do n't see how anyone can predict that with precision .
However I think the discharge of that hydrocarbon reservoir will result in geological changes including subsidence of fairly large areas that are currently dry land .
Considering the pssiblity that mass evacuations may be required , it is probably not a coincidence that Northcomm is gearing up for military action inside the United States .
The federal attention is all on Florida right now .
Bobby Jindal and his citizens are being left to twist in the wind .
Serves them right for being Republicans .
<-- WH attitude .
That could be to your benefit , since we all know that when the feds take control chaos follows .
The oil contains volatiles that are toxic and carcinogenic .
If you can smell heavy oil you are undoubtedly breathing much more than the EPA safe limits of these gases .
Workers are trying to clean up this material wearing boots and gloves .
They should be in protective clothing with respirators .
BP is lying about the toxicity of the oil along with everything else .
This is n't good news , but I thought you should know .
Maybe NO is in less danger than Florida .
The feds seem to think so .
Love , Shelley
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || Flere tyske politikere tar nå til orde for å innføre obligatorisk intelligenstest for innvandrere .
Blant disse er Peter Trapp , innenrikspolitisk talsmann for Berlin - avdelingen til regjeringspartiet CDU .
— Jeg er for intelligenstest for innvandrere , sier han til avisa Süddeutsche Zeitung .
Nytte Trapp mener at tyske myndigheter ikke bare kan se på humanitære grunner når de bestemmer hvilke innvandrere som skal få bosette seg i landet .
De må også , ifølge Trapp , ta hensyn til hvilke innvandrere som har egenskaper som den tyske staten kan nyttegjøre seg .
— I tillegg til utdanning og faglige kvalifikasjoner , må vi også se på intelligens , sier han .
Trapp får støtte fra leder for Europagruppa i søsterpartiet CSU , Markus Ferber .
Han vil ha en felles , europeisk innvandringspolitikk der en intelligenstest kan gå inn som ett av kriteriene .
— Humanitære grunner , for eksempel familiegjenforening , kan ikke i lengden være de eneste kriteriene man ser på , sier han .
Reaksjoner Forslaget har valgt sterke reaksjoner i Tyskland .
Berlins borgermester Klaus Wowereit fra de tyske sosialdemokratene kaller det for " diskriminerende " og sier at det viser " forakt for mennesker " .
Og opposisjonspartiet De Grønne mener det er helt andre grupper enn innvandrere CDU og CSU nå bør vurdere intelligenstest for .
- De bør heller vurdere om det ikke hadde vært bedre å innføre en intelligenstest som en del av nominasjonsprosessen sin , sier innvandringspolitisk talsmann for partiet , Memet Kilic .
Tyskland har de to siste årene hatt en negativ flyttestrøm , og i 2009 var det 39.000 flere mennesker som forlot landet enn som flyttet til det .
-
I did my best to warn him , but he ’s quite certain that The Deck of Many Things has a place in his campaign .
On this point , we do n’t entirely disagree ; the only material distinction is that he believes it will “ spice things up , ” and I believe will be its burning , meteor - pocked ruin .
I ’ve used the iPhone 4 over the weekend , and since I was upgrading from the 3G the difference is pretty striking performance - wise .
With every update , and the last one in particular , that beautiful , classic device has transformed cycle by cycle into a gasping , wheezing creature , unable to tug its increasingly onerous cart .
Now , Fruit Ninja runs like whipped butter .
Games that had loading screens in place to occupy the user flash up for a moment , and are gone .
I got two phones , though : the other one is for Brenna .
The whole reason I got the phone for her was that the camera takes good pictures and decent video .
But it does n’t seem to work particularly well as a phone , so the rest of it is ridiculous .
She has n’t mentioned the screen once , for example , even though it be mad crizp ; the A4 can fuck itself .
Aluminosilicate probably is n’t even a real word .
It is always dangerous to make assumptions about people ’s basic philosophies , and those assumptions tend to ( quite conveniently ) track with the way you , yourself see the world , so maybe I should limit the scope to myself purely for safety .
I tend to think of technology as a force .
It ’s not so much a physical object as it is a manifested capability .
Having serviced technology , and having loved it for years beyond that , and now utterly dependent on it for both my livelihood and leisure , my relationship with it has an ( ironically ) pre-industrial quality .
When I actually think about it , of all the ways it intersects with my being , I would n’t know what else to call it but worship .
I ’m not trying to be a poet .
I believe that statement to be accurate .
There ’s a pragmatism there .
If you ’re going to have a god , you want to be able to call on Him ; it stands to reason that you might want to make a call on Him .
This is not true for Brenna , and the content immediately above would make her angry .
She sees that phone the same way she would see a hat , or a ladle .
If you had a ladle and you tried to get soup with the ladle but the soup came out , or fell out , or whatever the culinary equivalent of a lost call is , she would try to break it over her knee before throwing it in the garbage .
She was calling the bank to get her password reset , and it kept dropping the call right when the man was saying “ your password is , ” until eventually she began to make a sound like a jaguar .
When my phone drops a call , I do n’t like it , certainly .
But I ’m always a little surprised it worked at all , that it ever worked - technology failure is like inexplicable drought or some other natural phenomenon .
I wonder what I have done to anger the spirit which dwells inside the phone .
I look to my own life , and seek to purge the sin .
The Mario Marathon is toiling away for our collective amusement , having progressed far , but let us lead them to their victory .
They need your literal coins to continue collecting the figurative ones , which might as well be real coins because they ’ve already raised almost forty - six thousand dollars for Child ’s Play .
Is that enough , do you think ?
No , probably not .
( CW ) TB out .
( instrumental )
Many popular films ’ original cast did not include some of the actors and actresses well known for that role in the film today .
Here are what movie posters would look like if they followed their original casting .
The toll is still rising in France 's southern Côte d'Azur region after heavy rains caused flash floods on Tuesday , killing 25 people and leaving some 175,000 homes without electricity .
Advertising Read more
AFP - Rescuers combed wrecked cars and homes for bodies in France 's Cote d'Azur on Thursday after the worst floods in two centuries killed 25 people including a two - year - old , authorities said .
Authorities in the Var , a favourite holiday region , raised the death toll to 25 on Thursday from an earlier count of 22 after the floodwaters engulfed streets in torrents of mud and drove people onto the roofs of their homes .
A two - year - old child died after falling into the flood water as a family scrambled to escape their home in Roquebrune - sur - Argens , authorities said .
Officials warned other bodies might be found as the search continued with rescuers digging through mud-filled cars and wreckage looking for about a dozen people still reported missing as helicopters circled overhead .
EN NW DPX VANIER FLOOD UPDA.wmv
it
" There are still flooded places which have yet to be inspected , such as the campsites on the coast , " said Laurent Robert , an official in the state prosecutor 's office in Draguignan , the town worst hit with at least 12 dead .
Another source said a one - month - old baby was missing .
Scores of cars were piled on top of each other and holiday homes and camp sites in the region were devastated .
" Everything is ruined , unusable , " said Edouard Gregoriou , who runs a restaurant and boating service in Roquebrune .
" We have pedal - boats scattered for miles around , and mobile homes in trees . "
The swollen Nartuby river which runs through Draguignan also hit the village of Trans - en - Provence where five other bodies were found .
Other victims were found in Luc , Roquebrune , Frejus , the Saint - Cassien lake and Saint - Aygulf , the regional prefecture said .
The floods also badly hit the chic holiday resort of St Tropez .
The national weather office said they were the worst storms in the region since 1827 .
Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux called it an " unprecedented catastrophe " for the region .
About 94,000 homes were still without electricity on Thursday , the regional authorities said .
" The electricity is down .
All the mobile homes have been overturned , " said Regis Fardoux , director of a campsite near Frejus .
" The season is finished . "
Helicopters on Wednesday rescued people trapped on roof tops and in cars .
Emergency teams moved 436 inmates to nearby jails from a flooded prison in Draguignan where the water covered the first two floors .
FLOODS SHOCK SOUTHERN FRANCE {{ scope.counterText }} {{ scope .
legend }} © {{ scope.credits }} {{ scope.counterText }} i {{ scope .
legend }} © {{ scope.credits
}}
At the resort of Frejus , more than 1,500 people were taken to safety , many in inflatable boats or by helicopter .
About 2,000 soldiers , firefighters and police were brought in to lead the rescue operation .
The SNCF rail company halted train services along the coast between Toulon and Nice until Friday and many smaller roads inland were blocked .
President Nicolas Sarkozy will visit the area early next week , his office said .
He issued a statement expressing condolences for the victims ' families .
The deputy prefect for Draguignan , Corinne Orzechowski , said more than 30 centimetres ( 12 inches ) of rain had fallen there since Tuesday .
Flooding also hit southwestern France , including the Atlantic resort of Saint - Jean - de - Luz and Bayonne , where a hospital was flooded .
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
Curious to see how the latest preview release of Internet Explorer 9 stacks up against the competition when it comes to HTML5 performance in Windows ?
So was Download Squad , and it's now revealed its findings in some vivid , if not entirely scientific tests .
The end result is that Internet Explorer 9 and Firefox 3.7 were well ahead of the pack in the 1,000 - fish stress test ( with Firefox about 5 or 10 percent ahead of IE ) , while Opera was stuck somewhere in the middle , and Chrome placed a distant last ( and maxed out the CPU ) -- all with hardware acceleration enabled , of course , although that had to be done via command line switches in the case of Chrome .
Head on past the break to check out the four - way showdown for yourself , as well as an earlier test with just IE9 and Chrome .
( Sources : http://www.chipotlefan.com/index.php?id=nutrition_calculator;
http://calorielab.com/restaurants/mcdonalds/big-mac/1/7.)
All things considered , this is a surprising outcome .
Granted , it may very well be the case that , could we factor in the preservatives , glutens , gums , and other unhealthy additives , these results would be tempered .
Still , given our national health situation — an increasing prevalence of high blood pressure , high cholesterol , diabetes , obesity , and heart disease — neither the Big Mac nor the Chipotle burrito deserves anything close to a nutritional gold star .
In fact , for consumers willing to digest the lesser of evils , it appears as if the Big Mac—especially when it comes to sodium and cholesterol — edges out the pork burrito .
What makes this comparison noteworthy is that it grates against Chipotle 's carefully cultivated image .
Chipotle is a darling , a beacon of hope , a responsible renegade in the morally defunct world of fast food .
From its Niman Ranch - raised pork to its " Food with Integrity " campaign to the appearance of its CEO on Oprah ( alongside Michael Pollan ) , Chipotle — which used to be owned by McDonalds — has successfully branded itself as a cool oasis of sustainability in the expanding desert of industrialized food .
It 's where slow foodies go when it 's time to eat fast .
How an organization known for promoting responsible food choices can get away with serving a signature meal that exceeds our daily sodium allowance — while the avatar of industrial food actually offers a counterpart that 's not quite as bad for you —is a situation that makes me wonder : could the rhetoric of food sustainability be distracting us a darker reality ?
Put differently , does Chipotle 's admirable decisions to support small farms when feasible , source all its pork locally from welfare - approved operations , and buy half of its beef hormone - free exonerate their barbell of a burrito from attacking our bodies with obscene levels of cholesterol , saturated fat , and salt ?
I should n't ask this question of Chipotle alone .
Take the famous IN - N - OUT Burger .
The organization does an impressive of job of tracking its beef from farm to fork , even going to far as to inspect , butcher , and grind its own product .
No outsourcing necessary .
This rare example of vertical integration has earned the burger chain well - deserved praise .
But stack a standard IN - N - OUT burger against a standard McDonald 's burger ( both with onions , ketchup , and mustard ) and the IN - N - OUT loses on every recorded nutritional point .
Calories : 310 to 260 .
Total fat : 10 grams to 9 grams .
Sodium : 730 milligrams to 530 milligrams .
Cholesterol : 35 milligrams to 30 milligrams .
Carbs : 41 grams to 33 grams .
And so on .
( All figures are from calorielab.com . )
The culinary domain where I really see the rhetoric of sustainability obscuring heroic amounts of fat , cholesterol , and salt is gourmet dining .
One can hardly enter an upscale restaurant these days without being lectured about the locally sourced , sustainably raised , and eco-friendly items on the menu .
This is n't a blurry , low - resolution clip of the Deepwater Horizon oil disaster .
This is a crisp , high - resolution video that the House and Senate pressured BP into finally releasing .
What a freakin ' mess .
Advertisement
The clip shown is from June 3 , 2010 .
That means it 's before BP placed a containment dome over the broken oil riser pipe and before many attempts to guess the size of the leak :
BP has been heavily criticized for , among other things , underestimating the size of the oil leak all along and calling into question any flow rate estimates that were not their own .
But now that they are producing 10,000 barrels per day of oil from the temporary cap solution , it is clear their previous estimates were in fact well short of actuality .
The question is whether they have been purposefully obfuscating or withholding measurement data and / or video feeds to protect the company when it comes time to paying legal restitution and fines .
Advertisement
Ugh . [ Ecopolitology via Jerry James Stone ]
Ningbo , ChinaA local man claims he accidently drove his truck over his wife , but when the police obtaines some CCTV - footage from the scene , a different story emerges .
Glad to see there are no hard feelings … bitch .
This is the portable device that contains the entire text of Wikipedia™ , the Internet 's largest general reference work .
It provides up to 3,000,000 English entries covering commonly accessed topics such as The Beatles and Facebook , and more esoteric ones such as Dubin 's Lives and Isocrates .
Only slightly wider than a modern PDA , the device 's 3 1/2 " monochrome touch screen allows you to scroll up and down pages simply by dragging your finger ; touching a link is analogous to clicking it with a mouse .
The random button invokes completely unrelated topics , allowing you to browse with whimsy .
All data is stored on the included 4 GB microSD card ; updates are provided by either a quarterly update or a free Internet download using an SD card reader ( sold below ) .
Includes two AAA batteries .
4 " L x 4 " W x 3/4 " H. ( 2 lbs . )
With oil continuing to leak Wednesday from a runaway well in the Gulf of Mexico despite BP ’s success in capturing some of the flow , a top Coast Guard official ordered the company to come up with a plan “ to ensure that the remaining oil and gas flowing can be recovered . ”
In a letter to Doug Suttles , BP ’s chief operating officer for exploration and production , Rear Adm. James A. Watson , the on - scene coordinator of the unified command that is overseeing the response effort , gave the company three days to provide plans for “ parallel , continuous and contingency collection processes . ”
Among the requirements , Admiral Watson wrote , are that any new method to contain the leak be devised to reduce disruptions from hurricanes , when the full flow of oil would once again spew into the gulf .
The letter came amid continuing questions about how much of the leaking oil was being captured by BP ’s latest containment effort , a cap that was lowered over the top of the well last week , and whether the company could be collecting more but had failed to provide enough surface equipment to handle it .
Tony and Judie Ellis , a British couple holidaying in the Maldives , spotted a crow flying past carrying a packet of cigarettes .
It alighted on the roof of the villa next to theirs and began extracting the cigarettes from the packet .
As Judie rushed to get her camera , two more crows arrived for a fag break .
Judie , from the appropriately - named Crowborough in East Sussex , said : ' The crow seemed to be dishing them out to the others "
Credit : KNS
Off Pitch
NORTH KOREA’S FAKEOUT
The issue : Since attending the World Cup is out of the question for most North Koreans , Pyongyang has solved its on - site fan shortage by recruiting a thousand Chinese citizens to fly the old red , white , and blue on its behalf .
Among the members of the so - called “ volunteer army ” are Chinese actors , comedians , and pop stars lucky enough to have snagged a ticket from the North Korean sports ministry .
With North Korea expected to fall early to soccer powerhouses Brazil and Portugal in the aptly named Group of Death , the Chinese cheer team is probably in for a short trip .
It also has some pretty big shoes to fill .
During a 2005 home match against Iran , an unfavorable call from the referee sparked a revo l t among enraged North Koreans and the army had to be called in to restore order .
The North Korean team arrived in Johannesburg to little fanfare on June 1 , after the pariah state was rebuffed in several attempts secure a training ground in one of South Africa ’s neighboring states .
Tiny Swaziland earlier balked at Pyongyang ’s demand that it provide accommodation , meals , transportation and also fork over $ 250,000 for the privilege of hosting North Korea ’s heroes .
Zimbabwe , a close ally , was the natural second choice , but the team ’s plans to train there were foiled when protesters highlighted North Korea ’s involvement in a bloody massacre that took place in the country in the 1980s .
What to watch for :
On June 15 , North Korea takes the field against Brazil ’s legendary team .
Expect it to get ugly .
ZIMBABWE MAKES A PLAY
The issue : Zimbabwe , the autocratic failing state to South Africa ’s north , is a perpetual headache for South African leaders , and the World Cup will be no exception .
Groups have lobbied World Cup teams not to hold their practices in Zimbabwe or play warm - up games against the country .
Brazil ‘s side has been criticized for going through with a warm - up match against the Zimbabwean team on June 2 .
South Africa has taken a heavy interest in moderating power - sharing talks between President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , with President Jacob Zuma personally making trips to Harare under a mandate from the Southern African Development Community .
But Zuma ’s critics say he ’s too close to Mugabe , pointing to the South African leader ’s calls for targeted sanctions to be lifted from Mugabe ’s party .
South Africa is also host to at least 2 million Zimbabweans seeking refuge from the political instability across the border .
Taking advantage of the media coverage of the World Cup , the activist group Zimbabwe Democracy Now is organizing skits to be performed across South Africa during the tournament that will “ lampoon the partisan military commanders and [ the ] politburo who are Zimbabwe ’s de facto rulers . ”
The group expects political violence in Zimbabwe to rise in the coming weeks as the opposition continues to demand new elections and accuses Mugabe ’s political party of harassing opposition voters .
What to watch for : Zimbabwe Democracy Now ’s performances begin on June 21 .
DANGEROUS PLAY : TRAFFICKING AND MIGRATION
The issue : Human traffickers throughout Africa are cashing in on the World Cup , particularly in Ethiopia where false promises of “ employment opportunities ” in South Africa have already fooled many into forking over $ 1,200 in exchange for a dangerous journey that typically ends in arrest and a refugee camp in Malawi .
As many as 25,000 Ethiopians fall victim annually to what has become a $ 40 million - a - year industry .
Sex trafficking and prostitution is a concern during every World Cup , and President Jacob Zuma has warned that the event “ opens up opportunities for criminals such as those who traffic in women and children . ”
The South African Parliament enacted much tougher laws punishing sex trafficking and forced labor last month .
An earlier proposal to legalize prostitution ahead of the games was voted down .
What to watch for :
Ten incidents of xenophobic violence have already occurred this year in South Africa , according to one independent watchdog .
Any similar incidents during the tournament would be a serious blow to South Africa ’s image .
CHINA ’S HIGH PRESS
The issue : The People ’s Republic is n’t fielding a team for the World Cup this year , but it has still managed to make its influence felt .
A peace conference in Johannesburg bringing together past Nobel Prize laureates was postponed after South Africa denied a visa to the Dalai Lama .
The conference was to take place the week before the first kickoff .
South African officials say it was n’t in the country ’s interest to invite the Dalai Lama , as his visit would detract attention from the soccer tournament ; critics charge the government with bowing to pressure from Beijing .
China has n’t directly admitted to applying pressure , but an embassy spokesman in Pretoria has gone on the record acknowledging that a visit by the Dalai Lama would be harmful to Chinese - South African relations .
What to watch for : South Africa ’s government says the conference will still take place at a yet - to - be - determined date well after the teams and fans have gone home .
SOUTH AFRICA PLAYS DEFENSE
The issue : South Africa has been beset by labor strikes that many worried would threaten the construction of facilities for the World Cup .
Thousands of construction workers charged with building the country ’s biggest stadiums walked off the job last July , when negotiations over wages broke down .
Then , last month , transportation workers went on strike for 2 1/ 2 weeks before agreeing to a 12 percent pay raise .
The tactic cost the economy an estimated $ 3 billion , but with global attention about to focus on South Africa , the government was in no position to negotiate .
Labor is n’t the only area to have been affected by unrest .
Demonstrators objecting to Pretoria ’s relocation of the poor to make room for World Cup facilities staged protests in March .
Critics have accused President Jacob Zuma of sweeping poverty under the rug before welcoming wealthy foreign tourists into the country .
The displaced have been sequestered in shantytowns that some residents reportedly describe as concentration camps .
What to watch for : South Africa will open the tournament with a game against Mexico on June 11 .
I came up with a trick today to simplify the workflow of certain tasks with SSH .
The problem this solves is largely driven by a particular annoyance I had with remote SSH file management .
Consider the following workflow for locating a remote file and copying it back to the local machine :
# Find the remote file : local : ~$ ssh remote remote : ~$ find .
- name ' file.tar.gz ' /home/cody/somewhere/deep/file.tar.gz #
Ah , there it is !
Now I want to copy it back to my local machine .
#
Pop open a new shell to my local machine in a separate tab and copy the file with scp : local : ~$ scp remote :/home/cody/somewhere/deep/file.tar.gz .
The reason I have to run scp on my local machine is because it is behind a firewall , so the remote machine can't see it directly .
Ideally , I could just run " scp file.tar.gz local : " from the remote machine , but SSH would n't be able to resolve my home computer 's IP address or be able to get to the port , as I am almost always behind a firewall .
This workflow also breaks down when you need to run " sudo " on the remote machine to access the files .
In this case , you might feel forced to create a temporary tarball remotely using sudo before copying it to the local machine .
There is a way to get around this limitation with DNS / firewalls , and the answer is by using SSH reverse tunnels to bind your local SSH daemon port to a remote SSH alias .
This can be accomplished in a simple manner by modifying your ~/.ssh / config on both the local and remote computers .
On the local computer , the SSH configuration entry for the remote host should be given a RemoteForward option , specifying that localhost : 22 ( the local ssh daemon ) should be tunnelled to remote port 8022 :
Host remote HostName remote.example.com RemoteForward 8022 localhost:22
On the remote computer , an alias to the local computer is created , binding itself to the local SSH daemon :
Host local HostName 127.0.0.1 Port 8022
Now , the local machine is transparently accessible from the remote machine , replacing the above workflow with something a little smoother :
# Find the remote file : local : ~$ ssh remote remote : ~$ find .
- name ' file.tar.gz ' /home/cody/somewhere/deep/file.tar.gz #
Do n't go anywhere .
Just copy it : remote : ~$ scp /home/cody/somewhere/deep/file.tar.gz local :
Update ( 6-8-2010 ) : Some of the commenters have expressed security concerns regarding using SSH tunnels in this way .
Please see the comments for more info ( particularly this one ) .
Thanks to those who point out when I 'm wrong !
“ We have bought search terms on search engines like Google to make it easier for people to find out more about our efforts in the Gulf and make it easier for people to find key links to information on filing claims , reporting oil on the beach and signing up to volunteer , ” he said .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has informed Israel 's representatives the world over that there were never any humanitarian supplies or equipment aboard the Mavi Marmara , where Israeli commandos were ambushed by armed mercenaries posing as peace activists .
The commandos opened fire and killed nine of the attackers after three soldiers had been brutalized and temporarily captured .
Of the seven flotilla ships that were intercepted by Israel on May 31 and afterward , only four were freight ships , the MFA reported to its embassies and consulates : The Challenger 1 ( a small yacht ) , the Sfendonh ( a small passenger boat ) and the Mavi Marmara ( a passenger ship ) did not carry any humanitarian aid , and had only the passengers ' personal belongings .
The four freight ships are the Gaza , the Sofia , the Defeny and the Rachel Corrie .
As of June 7 , Israel had only offloaded equipment from the Defeny .
The equipment offloaded was loaded onto 26 trucks , and an additional eight trucks are waiting at the Kerem Shalom crossing to enter Gaza .
The equipment includes :
1. 300 wheelchairs
2. 300 new mobility scooters
3. 100 special mobility scooters for the disabled
4. Hundreds of crutches
5. 250 hospital beds
6. 50 sofas
7 . Four tons of medicine
8. 20 tons of clothing , carpets , school bags , cloth and shoes
9 . Various hospital equipment - closets and cabinets , operating theater equipment , etc .
10 . Playground equipment
11 . Mattresses
The equipment remaining at Ashdod Port on the three cargo ships which have not been offloaded include some 2000 tons of construction equipment - building materials and tools , and construction waste ( rubble , toilets , sinks and cement ) for re-use .
The MFA noted that :
The equipment does not constitute humanitarian aid in the accepted sense ( basic foodstuffs , new and functional equipment , fresh medicines ) .
The humanitarian aid on the four cargo ships was scattered in the ships ' holds and thrown onto piles and not packed properly for transport .
The equipment was not packaged and not properly placed on wooden bases .
Because of the improper packing , some of the equipment was crushed by the weight in transit .
The medicines and sensitive equipment ( operating theater equipment , new clothing , etc. ) are being kept in cool storage at the Defense Ministry base .
Some of the medicines had already expired , and some will expire soon .
The operating theater equipment , which should be kept sterile , was carelessly wrapped .
A large part of the equipment , particularly shoes and clothing , was used and worn .
Both Andy Greene and Ilya Kovalchuk will play in this year ’s International Ice Hockey Federation ’s World Championships , beginning Thursday in Germany .
This is Greene ’s first time representing the U.S. in the worlds .
The Devils ’ defenseman had a career year , finishing with six goals , 31 assists and 37 points during the 2009 – 2010 season .
Kovalchuk will be heading to the worlds for the seventh time .
The Devils ’ left - winger has scored 19 goals and collected 24 assists in 48 career games during the tournament .
In 2008 , Kovalchuk scored the game - winning , overtime goal to defeat Canada and give Russia the gold medal .
In last year ’s tournament , Kovalchuk totaled five goals and nine assists in nine appearances .
He was also named the tournament MVP .
Devils ’ defenseman Anssi Salmela was slated to play for Team Finland , but sustained an undisclosed injury earlier this week .
According to a tweet from his agent , Jay Grossman , Salmela injured himself playing for Finland in the LG Games earlier this week .
Greene and Team USA debut Thursday , when they face Germany .
Kovalchuk and Team Russia open the tournament Saturday against Slovakia .
For all the news on the tournament , check out the IIHF ’s website here .
Ernest A. Canning Byon 6/7/2010 , 1:34 pm PT
Guest editorial by Ernest A. Canning
" The problem with making excuses for and giving explanations for a child 's misbehavior (s ) is that it does n't ' help ' the child .
It does n't HELP anybody .
In fact , it does nothing but cloud one 's judgment preventing any form of objective observation from being made thereby eliminating any real assistance being implemented . "
- Randa Williamson - McCoy , " Making Excuses for Your Child 's Actions and Behavior , " 05/19/2010
Beginning with Israel 's unprovoked attack on the U.S.S. Liberty during the 1967 Six Day War , continuing throughout the next 43 year illegal occupation of the West Bank and Gaza , right up to the June 2 , 2010 Obama administration decision to block a U.N. Human Rights Council proposal to establish an independent international inquiry into Israel 's heavily armed assault and capture of the six vessel , unarmed civilian humanitarian aid convoy in international waters , the relationship between the U.S. and Israel has resembled that of a parent whose love , devotion and inability to say " no " to their incorrigible teenager in the face of increasing levels of anti-social behavior only serves to harm parent , child and society ...
An unusual assortment of " violent supporters of terrorism "
Seeking to defend what amounted to an act of state piracy , Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamen Netanyahu described activists aboard the six vessel humanitarian aid flotilla as " violent supporters of terrorism . "
If so , then this was an extremely odd assortment of " terrorist supporters . "
The activists seeking to bring humanitarian aid to the besieged civilian population of Gaza included Retired U.S. Army Colonel Ann Wright , who is also a former U.S. Diplomat , former U.S. Ambassador Edward Peck , Hanan Zoabi , a member of the Israeli Knesset , Joe Meadors , a survivor of the 1967 attack by Israel on the USS Liberty during which 34 American sailors were killed and 170 were wounded , two members of the German Bundestag and the exiled archbishop of the Eastern Catholic Church of Jerusalem .
Activists aboard a seventh humanitarian aid vessel which was " forcibly seized " by Israeli forces on June 5 , The Rachel Corrie , named after the American peace activist who was crushed to death by an Israeli military bulldozer in 2003 when she was trying to protect the home of a Palestinian family from demolition , included Hedy Epstein , an 85 - year - old Holocaust survivor , Irish Nobel Peace laureate Mairead Corrigan Maguire , " Dennis Halliday , a former United Nations assistant secretary general from Ireland ; and Mohd Nizar bin Zakaria , a member of Malaysia 's Parliament . "
What happens when a parent is deliberately beaten by her child and then accepts the child 's claim that he did n't mean it ?
Meadors ' June 4 interview on Democracy Now ! ( see video below ) is unique since he provides a first - hand account of both the 2010 Israeli attack on the unarmed , humanitarian aid flotilla and the 1967 Israeli attack on the U.S.S.
Liberty , which accounts are diametrically at odds with the Israeli claims in both cases .
Where Israel claimed that , in 1967 , its aircraft targeted the U.S.S.
Liberty by mistake , Meadors said : " Throughout the whole morning , we had been flown over about a dozen times by Israeli aircraft , who were clearly identifying us .
We had overheard their pilots radioing back to their bases . "
Meadors account is supported by fellow crew members , George Golden , who said the Israeli reconnaissance flights had overflown the U.S.S.
Liberty for six to seven hours before the all - out aerial assault , and Master Chief Stan White , who said one of the recon overflights was so close that he " looked right in the cockpit . "
The pilot waved .
White waved back .
As recounted by James Scott in The Attack on the Liberty : The Untold Story of Israel 's Deadly 1967 Assault on a U.S. Spy Ship , many State Department officials readily understood that Israel deliberately bombed and strafed the U.S.S. Liberty .
Scott quotes , for example , the State Department 's William Wolle , who said :
The feeling of those of us at the working level in NEA [ State Department Bureau of Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs ] was that the Israelis had deliberately done this so that we could n't read all of their communications ... We are their ally but they are not going to trust us when it comes to a wartime situation in terms of what information might get out , what we might pass along to someone .
We all felt it was no accident ...
Then Secretary of State Dean Rusk said that he " never ... accepted the Israeli purported explanation ... The ship was flying an American flag . "
Yet , Scott observes , the Johnson White House , under pressure from domestic Israeli supporters and misreporting by the corporate - owned media , which persisted in referring to the attack as " accidental , " " looked the other way " --- a decision which had greater impact on Israeli policies than those of the U.S. , in the mind of then Undersecretary of State George W. Ball , who wrote :
Israel 's leaders concluded that nothing they might do would offend Americans to the point of reprisal .
If America 's leaders did not have the courage to punish Israel for the blatant murder of American citizens , it seemed clear that their American friends would let them get away with anything .
State piracy in support of an illegal blockade
Setting aside numerous accounts , such as that provided by Huwaida Arraf , co-founder of the International Solidarity Movement , and Colonel Wright , who were aboard the Challenger I , a U.S. flag ship in the six vessel flotilla , and the account provided by Kevin Ovenden , coordinator with Viva Palestina , and Canadian Kevin Neish of the Coalition Against Israeli Apartheid , who were aboard the Mavi Marmara that the Israelis opened fire with flash bang grenades and automatic weapons even before they boarded , setting aside my own preference for non-violent resistance , the plain and simple fact , forcefully made by Ambassador Peck , is that the passengers and crew of the humanitarian aid flotilla had the same lawful right to use even lethal force to resist this act of state piracy as any citizen of the U.S. would have if armed robbers invaded their homes .
Daniel Carmon , Israel 's U.N. Ambassador , claimed Israel had a " right to enforce " its maritime blockade because there was " a possibility of a danger . "
He referred to the flotilla 's cargo as " so - called real , genuine humanitarian aid to Gaza , " and said that Israel had offered " an alternative for transferring the humanitarian aid to Gaza through the port of Ashdod . "
Ambassador Peck described Carmon 's claims as " what you find in a meadow somewhere where they keep large animals " and " as full of holes as a window screen . "
He noted that Israel had no right to enforce a blockade of a territory , Gaza , which it illegally occupies and that the unarmed passengers and crew had a right to physically fend off this assault by heavily armed commandos while they were in international waters .
In the Sept. 15 , 2009 , 575 - page " Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict , " [ PDF ] , Judge Richard Goldstone demolished the claim that Israel 's occupation of Gaza , which along with its continued occupation of the West Bank , violates the provisions of U.N. Security Council Resolution 242 , somehow ended with Israel 's 2007 " disengagement " in which it removed some Israeli settlers :
Israel controls the border crossings ... and decides what and who gets in or out of the Gaza Strip .
It also controls the territorial sea adjacent to the Gaza Strip and has declared a virtual blockade and limits to the fishing zone , thereby regulating economic activity in that zone .
It also keeps complete control of the airspace of the Gaza Strip , inter alia , through continuous surveillance by aircraft and unmanned aviation vehicles ( UAVs ) or drones ...
Israel regulates the local monetary market based on the Israeli currency ... and controls taxes and custom duties ...
While Israel has a valid concern in the safety of its citizens and while the targeting of civilians by either side is both illegal and unacceptable , the Goldstone report reflects a remarkable disparity .
Where Israel killed between 1,387 and 1,417 people during its 22 - day invasion of Gaza in Dec. 2008 / Jan. 2009 , a total of three ( 3 ) Israeli civilians were killed by Palestinian rockets inside Israel between June 18 , 2008 and the issuance of the Sept. 15 , 2009 Goldstone report .
Israeli forces killed three times as many civilians ( 9 ) when its commandos assaulted the Mavi Marmara than the total number of Israeli civilians ( 3 ) killed by Palestinian rockets over a span of 15 months .
The Goldstone report reveals that Israeli forces did much more than simply kill Palestinians during their 22 - day invasion .
They destroyed " industrial infrastructure , food production , water installations , sewage treatment and housing . "
In an eerie replay of U.S. State Department observations pertaining to the U.S.S.
Liberty strike , Goldstone reported that much of this destruction , which included a series of air strikes on the Al Bader flour mill ... the only flour mill in the Gaza Strip still operating , " the use of armored bulldozers to systematically flatten chicken coops , and the bombing of a waste treatment facility , was intentional .
Against this widespread destruction , in the printed version of its article , " Israel Intercepts Another Protest Vessel , " the Los Angeles Times provided a list of items that are " restricted or banned " by the Israeli embargo of Gaza ---
" Cement , plaster , wood for construction , irrigation pipes , vinegar , fresh meat , canned fruit , fruit juice , dried fruit , jam , chocolate , cookies , sewing machines , donkeys , goats , horses , pens , pencils , coriander , cilantro , sage , empty flower pots , notebooks , some sizes of papers , French fries , potato chips , fabric for clothing , plastic toys , empty cans , musical instruments , fishing rods and nets . "
Flotilla passenger Huwaida Arraf added that the Israelis " never asked to board ; " that the Israelis " knew " that the cargo they were carrying consisted of " basic supplies that are desperately needed in Gaza , such as a water filtration systems , books for universities , paper for schools , reconstruction supplies , prefabricated homes . "
Arraf argued the offer to re-route through Arshod was a sham because it would leave to Israel the sole discretion as to whether the supplies would ever be delivered to Gaza .
Collective Punishment and Mainstream Media Failure
It is a mistake to single out every successive U.S. administration from Lyndon Johnson to Barack Obama or Israel 's apologists inside the pro-Israel lobby for the inability to criticize Israel 's obnoxious behavior .
After all , as revealed by The BRAD BLOG 's series of articles pertaining to Sibel Edmonds ' allegations of a relationship between the Turkish lobby ( which is closely allied with the Israel lobby ) and high placed U.S. officials amounting to espionage , the White House is by no means the only division of the U.S. government to " look the other way " and Israel is by no means the only U.S. ally whose conduct prompts the " look the other way " behavior .
One should not overlook the failure , once again , of the U.S. mainstream media .
In the case of the U.S.S. Liberty in the late 1960s , it was the U.S. corporate media which persisted , sans adequate evidence , to describe the event as an " accidental attack . "
In the case of the recent Israeli commando assault on the Mavi Marmara , U.S. " news " outlets gave widespread coverage of the selective , one - sided video furnished by the Israelis but scant coverage of the countervailing narrative provided by the eye - witness accounts from the civilian survivors of the assault which were recorded at length during interviews by alternative media sites , such as Democracy Now !
Of course , if the video had depicted the same passengers fighting off an assault by Somali pirates instead of Israeli commandos , the corporate media pundits would have tripped over their own tongues , as they competed to interview the returning " heroes " .
One of the reasons for a one - sided video narrative , aside from the Israeli seizures of all cameras and recording devices , was tragically explained by Kevin Ovenden , a passenger on the Mavi Marmara :
A colleague of mine , a New Zealander with Viva Palestina called Nicci Enchmarch , she was on the top deck .
She was next to a man , a Turkish man , who was holding a camera .
He was shot directly through the forehead .
The bullet , the exit wound , blew away the back third of his skull , and she cradled him as he died .
In the broader context , we find our friends at The New York Times getting it wrong even when offering up an editorial that was modestly critical of the assault on the Mavi Marmara , stating :
After Hamas seized control of the Gaza Strip in 2007 , Israel --- with Egypt 's help -- imposed a blockade on many goods and most people going into and out of the territory .
The word " seized " is an odd word to apply to an organization which came to power as the result of winning a parliamentary election in 2006 --- an election encouraged by the U.S. Adminstration at the time .
Indeed , even Wikipedia acknowledges that immediately after the election returns came in , " Israel , the United States , the European Union , several Western states , and the Arab states imposed sanctions suspending all foreign aid , upon which Palestinians depend . "
To their credit , on June 4 , when pressed by Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting ( FAIR ) , The New York Times printed a correction in which it acknowledged the Hamas electoral victory , but the " correction " provided only a half - truth by mentioning subsequent tensions between Hamas and Fatah and the fact that Hamas " routed Fatah from Gaza in June 2007 " --- a fact which ignores the covert effort made by the U.S. , Israel and Egypt to use Fatah to negate the democratic choice of the citizens of Gaza .
As observed by Ali Abunimah of Electronic Infitada , after the Hamas electoral victory , the Bush / Cheney regime armed Palestinian militias , including one controlled by Gazan warlord , Mohammed Declan , whom Abunimah referred to as the " Palestinian contras . "
It was only after these subversive efforts ended in failure in 2007 that the Israeli blockade took full effect --- a blockade that the unthinking stenographers of the corporate media readily accept since no legitimacy can be afforded a group like Hamas once they have received the " terrorist " label .
Of course , the same corporate media conveniently forgets the PLO , whom we were arming to attack Hamas in 2007 , was considered a " terrorist " organization during the 1970s .
But , as we observed in " ' Terrorism , ' ' State Terrorism , ' and Point of View , " quoting Eqbal Ahmad :
The terrorist of yesterday becomes the hero of today , and the hero of yesterday becomes the terrorist of today .
We noted that , long before they morphed into Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda , President Reagan described the Afghan Mujahideen as the moral equivalent of our Founding Fathers .
Menachem Begin , at one time officially listed as a " terrorist " by the British , emerged as the Prime Minister of Israel .
While those of us who are imbued by the concept of separation of church and state , and that includes the author , are repulsed by political control by any religion , be it Hindu , Muslim , Christianity or Judaeism , all need to appreciate that the right of self - determination is embodied in the U.N.
Charter and that the people of Gaza had a right to chose the Muslim Hamas over what they saw as a corrupt but secular Fatah .
The New York Times ' deceptive use of the word " seized " moves us away from the realization that both the 22 - day brutal assault and the blockade , which America 's " paper of record " elsewhere reported has caused childhood malnutrition so acute that 30 % of the children in northern Gaza suffer from " stunted growth , " is the product not of the valid need for Israel to defend its citizens but as a means of " collective punishment " for the electoral preference of the adult population of Gaza .
Would you permit a juvenile delinquent to investigate his own anti-social behavior ?
As reported by Democracy Now ! , Eileen Chamberlain Donahoe , the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. , not only voted against a U.N. " Human Rights Council proposal to establish an independent international inquiry " into the Israeli assault on the humanitarian aid flotilla , but had the temerity to suggest that it would be improper for any international body to investigate the matter until Israel conducts its own investigation as this " risks ... politicizing a sensitive and volatile situation . "
While the absurdity of having the potentially guilty party investigate itself should be readily apparent , at least it is consistent with former Ambassador Peck 's observation that the U.S. " vetoed twenty - nine Security Council resolutions over the years that were directed at trying to get Israel to do various things or stop doing them . "
Forty - three years after the child struck the parent , the parent continues to " look the other way . "
UPDATE 06/07/10 : The Independent of London has published an unconfirmed claim made by several of the passengers of the Mavi Marmara that two commandos had an " assassination list . "
While IDF Lt Col Avital Leibowitz insists that the commandos acted in self - defense , The Independent quoted claims by several passengers to the effect that there were targeted killings , some at point blank range .
Al Jazeera journalist , Jamal Elshayyal , who was aboard the Mavi Marmara claimed " soldiers fired down on the protesters from the helicopters before an Israeli soldier had even set foot on the ship . "
Where The Independent asserted the Israelis confiscated and destroyed passenger films of the attack , Max Blumenthal said the " IDF ’s press operation was being run by someone with the journalistic integrity of James O’Keefe . "
The IDF initially released but later retracted a report that forty passengers were connected to al Qaeda ; that this was a tale concocted by " Netanyahu ’s inner circle . "
Blumenthal reported that the IDF doctored video and falsely claimed the passengers shouted " Go back to Auschwitz ! "
He said the IDF propaganda was repeated by the Israeli media , inflaming nationalistic passion by the Israeli right which is targeting the Israeli peace movement with threats of violence , and that the IDF BS was repeated by the Washington Post , which has apparently failed to retract its erroneous story that the passengers repeatedly shouted , " Go back to Auschwitz ! "
Meanwhile , The Independent revealed a new development which threatens to escalate tensions over the blockade .
" The Iranian Red Crescent is planning to send humanitarian aid by sea to Gaza . "
UPDATE 06/08/10 :
This must see , 69 - minute video , " Dead in the Water , " documents the viciousness of the Israeli attack on the U.S.S.
Liberty , how the Israelis hid their insignia on the attack aircraft , and how close we came to a nuclear strike on Egypt , which our forces mistakenly blamed for the attack .
It also includes some disturbing but not fully established theories and evidence of a cover-up .
* * *
The 6/4/10 Democracy Now ! interview of U.S.S. Liberty survivor Joe Meadors follows ...
* * *
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Clean Money Victories 4 Years in a Row !
Landmark Bills against Secret Money in 2019 !
VICTORY !
Petition DISCLOSE
Act ( SB 47 , Allen ) .
Makes initiative circulators show top 3 funders & lowers costs for grassroots !
VICTORY !
Text Message DISCLOSE
Act ( AB 201 , Cervantes - Mullin ) .
Makes political text messages show who paid for them !
7 of 7 Clean Money Priorities in 2018 !
VICTORY !
Social Media DISCLOSE
Act ( AB 2188 , Mullin ) .
Makes ads on Facebook , Twitter , etc. show top 3 funders !
VICTORY !
Restore Net Neutrality to CA ( SB 822 , Wiener ) !
VICTORY !
Stop Abuse of CA DISCLOSE Act ( AB 2155 , Mullin ) .
VICTORY !
One Website With All Electeds ( AB 2707 , Mullin ) .
VICTORY !
Initial Funding for Open - Source Paper Ballots .
VICTORY !
Risk - Limiting Election Audits .
( AB 2125 , Quirk ) .
AB 249 , California DISCLOSE
Act , Signed in 2017 !
READ ABOUT the strongest on - ad disclosure law in the nation — now law !
Authored by Assembly Speaker pro Tem Kevin Mullin and sponsored by the California Clean Money Campaign .
3 Top Clean Money Bills Passed in 2016 !
VICTORY !
SB 1107 ( Allen ) , which Clean Money sponsored , opens the door to public financing of campaigns in California !
Victory news .
VICTORY ! SB 1349 ( Hertzberg ) , new state disclosure website !
VICTORY !
SB 254 ( Allen - Leno ) , put on the California ballot Prop 59 , the Overturn Citizens United Act — which won !
Sign petition !
Striking Next Blows Against Secret Money !
Help pass SB 636 , the Ballot DISCLOSE Act
SIGN PETITION !
Show official supporters and opponents of initiatives on the ballot itself .
Read Fact Sheet Download Materials
Help pass AB 1217 , the Issue Ad DISCLOSE Act
SIGN PETITION !
Make lobbying issue ads clearly show thier top 3 funders .
Read Press Release Download Materials
( CNN ) --
To anyone who uses Twitter , the word " tweet " is as natural as , well , a bird .
But do n't expect to see it in The New York Times .
" Someday , ' tweet ' may be as common as ' e - mail , ' " wrote Phil Corbett , the Times ' standards editor , in a memo this week , according to The Awl .
But , for now , Corbett has nixed further use of the word -- " outside of ornithological contexts , " he wrote .
The Times will stop using the word because " tweet " is n't standard English , " and standard English is what we should use in news articles , " Corbett said .
Corbett noted that not everyone uses the micro- blogging site and therefore may not be familiar with what a " tweet " is .
After all , The New York Times always uses words people are familiar with , like " louche " and " shibboleths . "
So what will The New York Times be calling these Twitter updates now ?
" ' Tweet ' may be acceptable occasionally for special effect , " Corbett said in the memo .
" But let 's look for deft , English alternatives : use Twitter , post to or on Twitter , write on Twitter , a Twitter message , a Twitter update .
Or , once you 've established that Twitter is the medium , simply use ' say ' or ' write . ' "
Posted on June 2nd , 2010
One of the more unusual styles to emerge from the craft beer scene is chili beer .
There are all sorts of brews out there with different fruits and spices in them , but beer with chili peepers is not something you see everyday .
Although it remains an unusual and rare style , its unique taste is something everyone should try once .
Here ’s a run down on this odd style .
Modern chili beer is a very broad category .
Basically it ’s any beer with prominent use of chili peppers , be it in fresh , dry or extract form .
Generally speaking the spicy flavors imparted by the pepper take the main focus of the beer , with other characteristics such as hops and body taking a back seat .
Generally these beers tend toward simpler , lighter bodies and low hops flavor as the pepper flavor can be so dominating .
The taste is much like you would expect - bold and spicy , with smoky notes and flavors , much like how actual peppers taste .
Occasionally some brewers will also be able to bring out the natural fruity flavors in some peppers as well , such as in jalapeños , the most common pepper used by brewers .
The smell of a chili beer is not great , frequently a bit musty with strong vegetable flavors from the peppers .
Although quite uncommon today , there is evidence that humans have been using peppers in beer for many centuries .
This was partly what inspired Dogfish Head to put fresh chili peppers in their Theobroma beer , which is based on the chemical analysis of ancient pottery fragments found in Honduras .
Today , most chili beers are a little simpler , but no less interesting to taste .
A classic and widely available version of this style is the Chipotle Ale by Rogue .
Most other versions worth your time are going to be regional varieties at your local brewpub or microbrewery , so you may have to go looking for them .
Like any food with a great deal of pepper in it , this is n’t for everyone , but it ’s something every serious beer drinker should try once .
It was n't supposed to happen in England , with all its very strict gun control laws .
And yet last week Derrick Bird shot and killed 12 people and wounded 11 others .
A headline in The Times of London read : " Toughest laws in the world could not stop Cumbria tragedy . "
Multiple victim public shootings were assumed to be an American thing for it is here the guns are , right ?
No , not at all .
Contrary to public perception , Western Europe , where most countries have much tougher gun laws , has experienced many of the worst multiple victim public shootings .
Particularly telling , all the multiple victim public shootings in Europe occurred where guns are banned .
So it is in the United States , too -- all the multiple victim public shootings ( where more than three people have been killed ) have taken place where civilians are not allowed to have a gun .
Look at recent history .
Where have the worst K - 12 school shootings occurred ?
It has not been in the U.S. but Europe .
The very worst one occurred in a high school in Erfurt , Germany in 2002 , where 18 were killed .
The second worst took place in Dunblane , Scotland in 1996 , where 16 kindergarteners and their teacher were shot .
The third worst high school attack , with 15 murdered , happened in Winnenden , Germany .
The fourth worst shooting was in the U.S. -- Columbine High School in 1999 , leaving 13 killed .
The fifth worst school related murder spree , with 11 murdered , occurred in Emsdetten , Germany .
With three of the worst five attacks , Germany may be a surprise to those who believe in gun control .
Even by European standards , Germany has some of the strictest gun control laws .
Indeed , these laws are far stricter than existing gun control in the U.S. , or for that matter , the restrictions currently being discussed in the United States .
Though not quite as tight as U.K. regulations , Germany has strict licensing and registration requirements .
German licenses are only valid for three years and to obtain a gun license people must demonstrate such hard - to - define characteristics as trustworthiness as well as convince authorities that they have a necessity for a gun .
This comes on top of requirements against mental disorders , drug or alcohol addictions , violence or aggressive tendencies , and felony convictions .
The attacks in Europe might not get as much attention in the U.S. or even in other countries in Europe besides where the attack occurred as the attack in the U.S. , but multiple victim public shootings appear to be at least as common in Europe as they are here .
The following is a partial list of attacks occurring in Europe since 2001 .
As mentioned , all of them occurred in gun free zones , places where guns in the hands of civilians were not allowed :
- Zug , Switzerland , September 27 , 2001 : a man murdered 15 members of a cantonal parliament .
- Tours , France , October 29 , 2001 : four people were killed and 10 wounded when a French railway worker started killing people at a busy intersection in the city .
- Nanterre , France , March 27 , 2002 : a man kills eight city councilors after a city council meeting .
- Erfurt , Germany on April 26 , 2002 : a former student kills 18 at a secondary school .
- Freising , Germany on February 19 , 2002 : Three people killed and one wounded .
- Turin , Italy on October 15 , 2002 : Seven people were killed on a hillside overlooking the city .
- Madrid , Spain , October 1 , 2006 : a man kills two employees and wounds another at a company that he was fired from .
- Emsdetten , Germany , November 20 , 2006 : a former student murders 11 people at a high school .
- Southern Finland , November 7 , 2007 : Seven students and the principal were killed at a high school .
- Naples , Italy , September 18 , 2008 : Seven dead and two seriously wounded in a public meeting hall ( not included in totals below because it may possibly have involved the mafia ) .
- Kauhajoki , Finland , Sept. 23 , 2008 : 10 people were shot to death at a college .
Winnenden , Germany , March 11 , 2009 : a 17 - year - old former student killed 15 people , including nine students and three teachers .
- Lyon , France , March 19 , 2009 : ten people injured after a man opened fire on a nursery school .
- Athens , Greece , April 10 , 2009 : three people killed and two people injured by a student at a vocational college .
- Rotterdam , Netherlands , April 11 , 2009 : three people killed and 1 injured at a crowded cafe .
Vienna , Austria , May 24 , 2009 : one dead and 16 wounded in an attack on a Sikh Temple .
- Espoo , Finland , Dec. 31 , 2009 : 4 killed while shopping at a mall on New Year 's Eve .
- Cumbria , England , June 2 , 2010 : 12 people killed by a British taxi driver .
So how does this compare to the United States ?
The University of Chicago ’s Bill Landes and I have collected data on all the multiple victim public shootings in the United States from 1977 to 1999 ( for a discussion of that information see the newly revised third edition of my book " More Guns , Less Crime " ) .
If we only examine those cases where 4 or more people have been killed in an attack , the worst such attack was the Luby 's Cafeteria shooting in which 23 people died .
On average 10.56 people have died each year ,
One reason for limiting the cases to attacks with 4 or more deaths is that I have n't collected all the cases in Europe , and the quick review here will miss fewer of the larger cases .
Obviously , my list above for Western Europe will not have many cases where 4 or more people have been killed in a multiple victim public shooting , and I have not included attacks in Northern Ireland .
That said , the average number for Europe over the 9.5 years from 2001 to the present is about 11.8 deaths per year -- essentially the same as the U.S. rate .
On the other hand , Western Europe ’s population over the last decade is about 48 percent larger than the U.S. population over the earlier period ( about 387 million to 262 million ) .
To have the same per capita rate as the U.S. , Western Europe would have had to experience one more shooting involving 4 people killed per year in six of the nine - and - a - half years .
Whether a more detailed search would find that many more cases is n’t clear , but that is surely possible .
Large multiple victim public shootings are exceedingly rare events , but they garner massive news attention and the ingrained misperceptions they produce are hard to erase .
When I have been interviewed by foreign journalists , including those from Germany , they usually start off by asking for my opinion as to why multiple victim public shootings are such an American problem .
And of course , they are astonished when I remind of attacks in their own countries and I point out that this is a universal problem , but with a common factor : the attacks take place where civilians are banned from carrying guns .
John R. Lott , Jr. is a FoxNews.com contributor .
He is an economist and author of " More Guns , Less Crime . " ( University of Chicago Press , 2010 ) , the third edition of which was published in May . "
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
Girls With Reputations
I was just reading Chloe Angyal ’s excellent Christian Science Monitor piece about ABC ’s “ What Would Your Do ? ” episode on domestic violence , the one that I mentioned in passing here .
I like Chloe ’s writing and I like this piece , so this is n’t a general criticism .
However , she wrote one thing that made me catch my breath , and made me remember something , and then another thing , and then another …
Chloe said :
Being called a name in high school hurts a girl ’s feelings and threatens her reputation , and it ’s an experience no one deserves .
But once we leave high school , once we take our attitudes about women , sex , and human worth out into the world , the stakes get higher .
Too many women I know did n’t get out of high school before they found out how high the slut - shaming stakes were .
[ Trigger Warning from here on down ; stories about rape in high school . ]
I had this on - again , off - again open relationship with a wonderful and beautiful and very damaged woman .
We had a falling out , and I do n’t know where she is now .
( I could fill a book with stories about things I did wrong and ways I was bad for her , or about all the reasons she needed help that she did n’t get , but I wo n’t . )
She was the object of a wave of small - minded suburban slut - shaming , with the usual class components .
She said things that made people spray milk out their noses , she wore clothes that got her sent to the principal ’s office regularly , and stories made the rounds about her sexual escapades , some true , many exaggerated and a few just made up .
All in all , she would have likely topped any list of local slut infamy , which she wore as a badge of pride and I ate up with a spoon .
She liked muscular guys and she liked bad boys and she liked sex ( or so she said ; I think she would have liked sex a lot more if she had been able to have what she wanted on her terms and not always be positioned as the fulfiller of other people ’s desires , including mine , and in truth I suspect she resented most of the sex she had , but craved the approval .
What ’d I know ?
I was sixteen ) .
So I set her up on a blind date with a linebacker from the football team that I was good friends with .
He had a body like a college football player and would have become one if his impulse control problems had n’t turned him into a bitter ex-jock .
He also had a history of childhood sexual abuse , a bad temper and a knack for getting me into trouble .
And I should have seen it coming , but what ’d I know ?
I was sixteen .
The date ended in his van , where she went to be sexual with him ; and where she told me she quickly found out that he was a guy who took limits as personal insults .
He raped her .
I do n’t think he raped her because the whole town thought she was a slut .
I think he raped her because he was a rapist ; because he stuck his cock into female bodies to kill the memory of the older boy who stuck a cock in him , and basically just because he was a guy with a mean streak who knew a helpless victim when he saw one .
But slut - shaming was the reason she did n’t tell .
She told me , and I never spoke to him again .
She and I talked about it ; she knew she could n’t tell her mother that she got high and went into a van to fool around with this guy , she could n’t tell the police , she could n’t tell her peers because it would be all over the school and the rebellious pride she wore as armor against the slings and arrows would collapse .
Because of what they said about her , there was nothing she could do .
There was something I could do , but I knew I would get caught and I just was n’t willing to make that sacrifice .
She sure was n’t the only one .
All through my teens , girls told me that in basements and the backs of cars the writ of “ no ” did not run .
I ’d get a call and ask , “ so how did your date go ? ” hoping for a hot story , and I ’d hear , “ he raped me . ”
Slut shaming was the defense in the Haidl case , the Sheriff ’s son who orchestrated a gang rape of an unconscious young woman in Orange County , California .
They targeted a woman who thought she was their friend , who thought she could be herself around them even apparently she had also been nominated to the list of local slut infamy — which often has zero relationship to actual conduct .
And the reputation was their defense .
They took video of the crime .
She was passed out .
Yet the jury hung the first time .
For those unfamiliar , I ’ll quote this summary :
In July 2002 in Corona del Mar , the defendants got a 16 - year - old girl drunk and high , waited for her to pass out and then videotaped themselves raping her .
They also repeatedly shoved a Snapple bottle , apple juice can , lit cigarette and a pool cue into the girl ’s vagina and anus .
The defendants were so proud of their film work they showed it to friends and then lost it .
The CD eventually landed in the hands of a police officer who thought the defendants had raped a corpse .
The case was notorious because the defendants claimed the knocked out girl had raped them , one of the defendants –Haidl–is the son of a man who was at the time an assistant sheriff of Orange County , and the defense spent millions of dollars soiling the victim ’s reputation in efforts to escape responsibility for their conduct .
( A longer account by the same writer , including defense tactics that should get lawyers sanctioned , is here .
It ’s grim reading .
There was great coverage of this case at Sheelzebub ’s Pinko Feminist Hellcat , which is where I first learned of it , but I think that blog is down now . )
The second time , the prosecution realized that what they were up against was not a group of young men and their lawyers , but a social structure .
The opening in the second , successful , trial was a ringing attack on slut - shaming .
The prosecutors explained to a jury that rape is rape ; even when it happens to a porn star , even when it happens to an escort , even when it happens to a slut .
The prosecution took on not just the defendants , but the powerful subtext of the defense — the subtext that girls with reputations do n’t deserve protection or vindication .
This is not new .
At work not long ago , one of my partners who is infuriating and occasionally wonderful stood up when I did n’t expect him to .
I was explaining to a guy in his sixties how it was when I was a teenager and he stated with smug certainty that it was n’t like that when he went to school .
My friend , himself over sixty , said , “ that ’s because they did n’t tell you .
I went to four high schools , and it was like that at all of them . ”
( Some of us are against rape ; not just in theory , but in real life .
Not just the kind that happens in the afterschool specials , but the kind that happens most often to our friends and neighbors . )
In high school , girls with reputations ca n’t tell .
( And girls who tell become girls with reputations . )
Those are the stakes .
( Started : August 2006 )
I 've been using Linux for almost a decade now , so over the years I 've collected a number of digital notes on various issues .
Some of them could be out of date - they are here mostly as an online reference for myself , but they may also prove useful to others ...
Disable LWP and Net:: FTP for CPAN
Edit /etc/perl/CPAN/Config.pm and change dontload_hash to ... ... ' dontload_hash ' => { " Net : : FTP " => 1 , " LWP " => 1 } , # disable Net : : FTP and LWP ...
Talk to an SSL - enabled site with non-SSL clients : stunnel
From window 1 : stunnel -d 5000 - c -f -r www.semantix.gr:443
From window 2 : non-ssl - wget http://localhost:5000
Make VMWARE images run faster :
Add these lines to the .vmx file : sched.mem.pshare.enable = " FALSE " prefvmx.useRecommendedLockedMemSize = " TRUE " prefvmx.minVmMemPct = " 100 " mainMem.partialLazySave = " FALSE " mainMem.partialLazyRestore = " FALSE " mainMem.useNamedFile = " FALSE "
Make VMWARE
Player use more than two cores :
Edit your .vmx file and change the following : config.version = " 8 " virtualHW.version = " 7 " numvcpus = " 4 " maxvcpus = " 4 " cpuid.coresPerSocket=" 2 " ( remember to give adequate memory , too ) memsize = " 1024 "
Remove a Debian service from startup scripts :
update - rc.d -f nameOfServiceAsExistsUnderEtcInitD remove
Build debian package from its sources :
When I want to install a version of a program that only exists in the unstable branch , I do n't want to mess up all my Debian installation - I just ... apt - get - b source -t unstable pbzip2 ... which creates a nice . deb file , installable with " dpkg - i whatever .deb " .
If the program has build dependencies , I install them first with ... apt - get build - dep pbzip2
Redirecting cerr to a stringstream : //
When you try this , do n't output to cerr ... streambuf * cerr_strbuf( cerr.rdbuf ( ) ) ; ostringstream output ; cerr.rdbuf(output.rdbuf ( ) ) ; ... // Restore cerr cerr.rdbuf(cerr_strbuf ) ;
Using Perl as a super - grep : I prefer to use Perl regexps instead of grep's .
Here is a supergrep that uses Perl .
It supports the ' - i ' , ' - n ' and ' - v ' options that grep has ( Update : or you can use pcregrep ) .
Migrate to a RAID1 config :
My non-RAID config was simple : I had one ( and only one ! )
Linux partition , which was of course , my root partition : / dev/hda5 .
After adding a second ( and much bigger ) drive , I decided to migrate to a RAID1 configuration .
I first used fdisk - u -l / dev/hda , to find out the size ( in sectors ) of my partition : home root # fdisk -u -l / dev/hda Disk / dev/hda : 40.0 GB , 40020664320 bytes 255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 4865 cylinders , total 78165360 sectors Units = sectors of 1 * 512 = 512 bytes Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System / dev/hda1 * 63 8193149 4096543+ 7 HPFS / NTFS / dev/hda2 8193150 78156224 34981537 + 5 Extended / dev/hda5 8193213 78156224 34981506 83
Linux home root # bc -l bc 1.06 Copyright 1991 - 1994 , 1997 , 1998 , 2000 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY .
For details type `warranty ' .
78156224-8193213 69963011 <=============
The number of sectors =====
I then proceeded to create a partition with exactly the same size , on the new drive ( hdb ) : home root # fdisk -u / dev/hdb
The number of cylinders for this disk is set to 38913 .
There is nothing wrong with that , but this is larger than 1024 , and could in certain setups cause problems with : 1 ) software that runs at boot time ( e.g. , old versions of LILO ) 2 ) booting and partitioning software from other OSes ( e.g. , DOS FDISK , OS / 2 FDISK ) Command ( m for help ) : n Command action e extended p primary partition ( 1 - 4 ) p ---------
The number of sectors ---------, Partition number ( 1 - 4 ) : 1 | First sector ( 63-625142447 , default 63 ) : 63 V Last sector or + size or +sizeM or +sizeK ( 63-625142447 , default 625142447 ) : +69963011
Command ( m for help ) : t ...( set the filesystem type for / dev/hdb1 to 0xfd , Linux raid auto - detect ) Command ( m for help ) : p ... Command ( m for help ) : w ... Command ( m for help ) : q I then proceeded to create the RAID1 device , md0 , setting it up to only have the / dev/hdb1 partition , with the other one set to missing : home root # mdadm -- create / dev/md0 -- level=1 -- raid - disks =2 missing / dev/hdb1 home root # mkreiserfs / dev/md0 home root # mkdir / mnt / tmp home root # mount / dev / md0 / mnt / tmp home root # cp - a / boot / dev /root /.... /... / mnt /tmp/ home root# vi / mnt / tmp/etc/fstab ( change the root to be / dev/md0 ) home root # vi / boot / grub / menu.lst ( change the root= / dev/hda5 to root= / dev/md0 )
At this point , after a reboot , the kernel identified the / dev/md0 automatically , and the boot process went fine ...
Only one thing remained : to add the / dev/hda5 to the array / dev/md0 , and allow it to automatically sync up : home root # mdadm / dev/md0 - a / dev/hda5 home root # cat / proc / mdstat
The last command showed the process of synchronization .
When it finished , my RAID1 setup was completed .
My fears for faulty drives were finally put to rest ...
Man pages with colors ( ala OpenBSD console ) :
Put these in your . bashrc ( or whatever your shell initialization script is ) : export LESS_TERMCAP_mb= $ '\ E [ 01;31 m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_md=$ '\ E [ 01;37 m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_me=$ '\ E[ 0m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_se=$ '\ E[ 0 m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_so=$ '\ E[ 01;44;33 m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_ue=$ '\ E [ 0m ' export LESS_TERMCAP_us= $ '\ E [ 01;32 m '
Oh , and make sure ' less ' is your PAGER ( or MANPAGER ) .
Setup a RAID1 ( mirror ) of two loop devices :
bash $ blockdev -- getsize / dev/loop0 2048000 bash $ blockdev -- getsize / dev/ loop1 2048000 ( outputs must be the same ! ) bash $ echo 0 2048000 mirror core 2 16 nosync 2 \ / dev/loop0 0 / dev/loop1 0 | dmsetup create myraid1 bash $ ls - l /dev/ mapper / myraid1 bash $ blockdev -- getsize /dev/mapper/myraid1 2048000
You can find our more examples ( e.g. stripe ( RAID0 ) and linear ) in the NTFS documentation that comes with the Linux kernel ( Documentation / filesystems /ntfs.txt ) - look at the Device Mapper section of the file .
Show package sizes under Debian :
dpkg-query - Wf '$ {Package}\t$ {Installed - Size}
'
Create a minimal Debian for chrooted SSH :
root # debootstrap etch / opt/ chroot \
http://ftp.x.y/pub/linux/debian/ root # chroot /opt / chroot ....# adduser userlogin ....# logout root # apt - get install libpam - chroot root # echo ' session required pam_chroot.so ' >> \ /etc/pam.d/ssh root # echo ' userlogin /opt/chroot ' >> \ /etc/security/chroot.conf ... and then , modify the /etc / passwd and /etc / group IDs of the user to mirror those of the chrooted environment .
Use Debian alternatives to set multiple C/C++ compiler versions :
root # update - alternatives -- install /usr / bin/gcc gcc /usr / bin/gcc-4.6 10 root # update - alternatives -- install /usr / bin/gcc gcc /usr / bin/gcc-4.7 20 root # update - alternatives -- install /usr / bin / cc cc /usr / bin/gcc 30 root# update - alternatives -- set cc /usr / bin / gcc root# update - alternatives -- config gcc root # root # update - alternatives -- install ' /usr/bin/g ++' 'g ++'
'/usr/bin/g++-4.6 ' 10 root # update - alternatives -- install ' /usr/bin/g++' 'g ++'
'/usr/bin/g++-4.7 ' 20 root # update - alternatives -- install /usr / bin / c++ c++
/usr/bin/g++ 30 root # update - alternatives -- set c++ /usr/bin/g++ root # update - alternatives -- config g++
Allow a user to be sudo - root :
root # visudo ... and add a line for account , say , rootfriend : rootfriend < TAB > ALL = ( root ) ALL
That 's it .
User rootfriend can do anything root can , as long as he types his own password the first time he " sudo cmd args " ...
Backing up with tar :
tar jcplSf / mnt / backup / `date + "
%Y%m%d%H%M%S " `.tar.bz2 / j : compress with bzip2
c : create volume
p : preserve permissions
l : stay in this filesystem
S : handle sparse files
f : store in this file
Converting a raw filesystem image to / from AES encryption using aespipe in one pass :
Encrypt : dd if=/dev/XXX bs =512 | aespipe -e aes256 | \ dd of=/dev/XXX bs=512 conv=notrunc Decrypt : dd if=/dev/XXX bs =512 | aespipe -d -e aes256 | \ dd of=/dev/XXX bs=512 conv=notrunc
Mounting a loop - AES partition / DVD using cryptsetup :
sh# losetup / dev/loop0 / path / to / whatever / file /or/volume sh# cryptsetup -c aes - plain -h sha512 create crypted / dev/loop0
Enter passphrase : sh# mount / dev/ mapper / crypted / mnt / heaven
Learning about a Samba LAN :
#!/bin/bash for i in `nmap - sP 192.168.0.0/24 | grep ' appears to be up ' \ | perl - ne '/( 192.168.\d+\.\d+ ) / && print $ 1 . "
" ; '` do nmblookup - A $ i done
Using afio to back up ( with gzip compression ) to CD images :
Make it : find / - xdev - print | afio - Z -G 1 -s 650 m \ -o /mnt/cdimage.afio ( will prompt you before overwriting cdimage .
afio with the next image ... )
Use it : make a symbolic link from Disk to Disk1 , afio - Z - G 1 -s 0 -i Dsk and when prompted , change the link to point to Dsk2 , Dsk3 , etc ...
Backing up my NTFS partition at work over the network to the server :
Mount the ntfs partition on / iso1 : mount -t ntfs -o iocharset=utf8 / dev/ hd a1 / iso1 or , depending on kernel version : mount -t ntfs -o nls=utf8 / dev/ hd a1 / iso1 and in the server , cd into /opt / Backup / Laptop - NTFS / and run : rsync - avz dell : / iso1 / .
Convert a bitmap to a vector for use from LaTEX :
bash $ autotrace - filter - iteration 9 - output - file fig1.eps \ fig1.pnm bash $ epstopdf fig1.eps and use graphicx in the .tex file : \ begin{figure} \ begin{center} \ includegraphics [ width=0.85\textwidth ]{../ fig1} % fig1.pdf \caption {Blah blah} \label {figure1} \end{center} \end{figure}
Make a two - pages - per - A4 booklet from a PS file :
ps2 pdf file .ps acroread file .ps ( print to file , Postscript Level 2 ) psbook - s4 newfile .ps | mpage - 2 -bA4 - m0 -o > booklet.ps
Cracking Windows passwords in case of human memory failure :
mkdir / var / tmp / a cd /mnt/ntfs/WINDOWS/system32/ cp - a config/ / var / tmp/a cd /var/tmp/a /usr/local/bin/bkhive ./config/system /tmp/op2.tmp /usr/local/bin/samdump2 ./config/SAM
/tmp/op2.tmp > \ /tmp/ophcrack.tmp ophcrack /tmp/ophcrack.tmp
1
Serving files over the Web in a one - liner :
bash $ cd / path / to/ datafiles bash $ python -m SimpleHTTPServer
Using multicores via xargs :
find .
- type f - iname \*dds | xargs -n 1 - P 4 - I ' crap ' convert crap crap.png
This command will find all .dds files and execute ImageMagick 's " convert " on them ... but it will do so by always keeping 4 instances of " convert " , and thus keeping 4 cores busy .
Install stuff with CPAN :
bash $ sudo perl - MCPAN -e shell cpan shell -- CPAN exploration and modules installation ( v1.9402 ) Enter ' h ' for help . cpan [ 1 ] > i / LinkCheck / ... Module Rubric:: CLI ::Command :: linkcheck ( RJBS / Rubric -0.144.tar.gz ) Module = W3C ::LinkChecker ( SCOP / W3C-LinkChecker-4.5.tar.gz ) ... 11 items found cpan [ 2 ] > install W3C :: LinkChecker ... cpan [ 3 ] > exit bash $
Python code for sorting XML in preparation for diff :
Download from here , and use like this : bash $ sortXML.py old.xml > old.xml.sorted bash $ sortXML.py new.xml > new.xml.sorted bash $ xxdiff old.xml.sorted new.xml.sorted
Automatically execute code whenever any files under a folder tree change :
#!/bin/bash command= " $ 1 " shift fileSpec= " $@ " sentinel= / tmp/t.$ $ touch - t197001010000 $ sentinel while : do files =$ ( find .
- newer $ sentinel - a ' (' $ fileSpec ' ) ' ) if [ $ ? != 0 ] ; then exit 1 ; fi if [ " $ files " != " " ] ; then $ command touch $ sentinel fi sleep 0.1 done
Python code for converting csv to html :
import csv import sys if len ( sys . argv ) < 2 : print " Usage : " , sys . argv [ 0 ] , " file1 < file2 > ... " sys .
exit ( 1 ) print " < html > < head > </ head > < body > < table > " for f in sys .
argv [ 1 :] : for line in csv .
reader ( open ( f , ' r ' ) ) : print " < tr > " for elem in line : print " < td > " , str ( elem ) , " < /td > " print " < /tr > " print " </table ></body ></html > "
Build histogram with Gnuplot :
Starting from a ' stats.txt ' file , containing frames per second measurements , this script will create ' bins ' of size 5 ( ie . it will accumulate all sample values from 0 - 5 into bin 1 , 5 - 10 into bin 2 , etc ) and then plot the bin heights in a histogram .
# !/ usr / bin / perl - w # # " stats.txt " has frames per second , e . g . values from 1 to 78 fps #
This script will generate " stats.png " via gnuplot .
# # For better fonts , before calling this , use : # export GDFONTPATH =/ usr / share / fonts / truetype / msttcorefonts / # export GNUPLOT_DEFAULT_GDFONT
= times # use strict ; my $ total = 0 ; my open DATA , " stats.txt " or die " No stats
" ; open PLOTDATA , " > histogram.txt " ; while (< DATA >) { # place sample values in bins of width 5 $ bins { 2.5 + 5 * int ( $ _ / 5 ) } ++ ; $ total ++ ; } my @keys = sort { $ a < = > $ b } keys # print the bin cardinalities foreach my $ k ( @keys ) { print PLOTDATA $k . " " ; print PLOTDATA
100 * $ bins { $k } / $ total ; print PLOTDATA "
" ; } #
Plot the bins as histogram open PIPE , " |gnuplot " || die " Ca n't initialize gnuplot ...
" ; print PIPE << END # set term postscript eps enhanced color # set output " stats.eps " # set style line 1 lt 1 lw 20 set term png set output " stats.png " set yrange [ 0 : 17 ] set boxwidth 0.8 relative set xlabel " Frames per second " set ylabel " Percentage with this speed " plot ' histogram.txt ' using 1 : 2 with boxes fs solid 0.7 title ' Reported speeds , Oct 2010 ' END
Build animated .gif with Gnuplot :
Just use this : print PIPE " set term gif animate 300 optimize
" ; print PIPE " set output \" graph.gif \ "
" ; ... and then plot as usual .
Increase number of loop devices ( more than 8 squashfs ) :
Edit / create this file in Debian ... bash $ cat /etc/modprobe.d/local-loop options loop max_loop=24
Squid simple authentication :
Edit squid.conf ( in IPCOP , located under / etc / squid ) :
Add these lines on top : auth_param basic program /usr / lib / squid / ncsa_auth /etc/ squid / passwds .proxy acl auth_users proxy_auth REQUIRED http_access allow auth_users
And maintain the passws .
proxy via htpasswd ...
SSH productivity tips :
bash $ cat ~/.ssh/ config ControlMaster auto ControlPath /tmp/ssh_mux_%h_%p_%r ControlPersist 4h More SSH tips are here .
CentOS RPM build from source :
bash $ cd /usr / src/redhat / SOURCES / bash $ wget http://mirror.mcs.anl.gov/openssh/portable/openssh-5.9p1.tar.gz bash $ tar zxvf openssh - 5.9p1.tar.gz bash $ cp openssh-5.9p1/contrib/redhat/openssh.spec
/usr/src/redhat/SPECS/
bash $ rm - rf openssh - 5.9p1 / bash $ cd /usr / src/redhat / SPECS / bash $ rpmbuild - bb openssh.spec bash $ cd /usr / src/redhat / RPMS/i386 bash $ rpm - Uvh ...
Sed and Tr wizardry :
bash $ cat nice.sh tr - cs A - Za-z '
' | tr A - Z a-z | sort | uniq -c | sort - rn | sed $ {1}q bash $ cat README | nice.sh 5 3 the 2 of 2 a 1 with 1 up Explanation : - Make one - word lines by transliterating the complement ( - c ) of the alphabet into newlines ( note the quoted newline ) , and squeezing out ( - s ) multiple newlines .
- Transliterate upper case to lower case .
- Sort to bring identical words together .
- Replace each run of duplicate words with a single representative and include a count ( - c ) . - Sort in reverse ( - r ) numeric ( - n ) order .
- Pass through the stream editor ; quit ( q ) after printing the number of lines designated by the script 's first argument .
Perfect tmux config :
bash $ cat ~/.tmux.conf set -g prefix C - a unbind % bind \ split - window -h bind - split - window -v bind - key k select - pane - U bind - key j select - pane - D bind - key h select - pane - L bind - key l select - pane - R bash $ tmux Ctrl -a \ ( vertical split ) Ctrl - a - ( horiz split ) Ctrl - a cursors ( or h / j / k/l ) : move amongst windows Ctrl - a d ( detach ) bash $ tmux list - sessions ... bash $ tmux attach -t 0
HTML entities inside VIM :
$ cat /usr / local/ bin/htmlEntities.pl #!/usr/bin/perl -w use HTML :: Entities ; while ( <>) { print encode_entities ( $_ ) ; } $ vi whatever .
html ...
Then select using visual mode and ...
'!/usr/local/bin/htmlEntities.pl or using classic ranges : ( go to start and mark with marker ' a ' ) ma ( go to end and mark with marker ' b ' ) mb 'a , 'b!/usr/local/bin/htmlEntities.pl
Use VI mode in bash but keep ESC -.
Inside your . bashrc , add these : set -o vi # Read my comment in this SO post for explanation : # http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6839273/ bind -m vi-command " ." :insert-last- argument # Restore Ctrl - L , Ctrl - A , Ctrl - E , Ctrl - W bind -m vi-insert " \C - l. " : clear - screen bind -m vi-insert " \C - a . " : beginning - of - line bind -m vi-insert " \C - e. " : end - of - line bind -m vi-insert " \C-w. " : backward - kill - word
My . Xresources :
$ cat .
Xresources *VT100 * foreground : wheat *VT100 * background : black * VT100 * saveLines : 2500 * VT100*scrollBar : true * VT100* visualBell : true * XTerm* font : - b&h- lucida console - medium - r - semi condensed --0-0-0-0-m-0-iso8859-7 *XTerm*faceName : - b&h- lucida console - medium - r - semi condensed --0-0-0-0-m-0-iso8859-7 *XTerm*faceSize : 12 *XTerm*renderFont : true !
To write in Greek , set this in your .
bashrc !
XTERM_LOCALE=el_GR.iso88597 !
and uncomment this : !* XTerm*locale : true $ grep .
Xresources . bashrc xrdb - merge $ HOME /.
Xresources
My bash PS1 setting :
$ grep PS1 . bashrc export PS1= '
\ [ \e [ 32 ; 1 m\ ] \u@\h \ [ \e [ 37;1 m\ ] \w\ ]
\ [ \e [ 0 m \ ] \$ '
Create a " drive " for QEMU out of a partition image :
bash $ dd if= / dev /zero of= / tmp/zero count=63 bash $ losetup - fv / tmp / zero bash $ losetup - fv sda1 bash $ echo -e \ " unit : sectors
/ dev/sda1 : start= 63 , size= $ ( blockdev -- getsz sda1 ) , Id=7 " | \ sfdisk -- force / dev/ loop0 bash $ echo -e \ " 0 63 linear / dev/loop0 0
63 $ ( blockdev -- getsz sda1 ) linear / dev/ loop1 0 " | \ dmsetup - v create virtdisk bash $ fdisk - lu / dev/ mapper / virtdisk
There ; A new " drive " to pass to QEMU .
Password protect an Apache folder :
bash $ htpasswd - c - m /etc / mypass myaccount ( create password for user ' myaccount ' ) bash $ cd / var / www / wherever / you / want bash $ cat > .htaccess AuthUserFile /etc / mypass AuthName " Please Log In " AuthType Basic require valid-user
And remember to use https , not just http ( to avoid sniffers )
At bootup , spawn a screen session via cron :
Inside your crontab , use .. $ crontab -e ... ( Add this line ) @reboot /usr / bin / screen -d -m -S autoLoginScreen /home / ttsiod/bin.local/autoLogin.sh ...
( And this is what exists in the spawned script - automatically logging - in into an obscure crappy thingie that loses its wits all the time ) : $ cat /home / ttsiod/bin.local/autoLogin.sh #!/bin/bash while true ; do date / home / ttsiod/bin.local/autoLogin.py sleep 60 done
This is better than spawning autoLogin.py from within cron , for various reasons :
You can attach to the screen ( screen -r ... ) and see what 's happening - and also , some scripts ( e.g. using Python pexpect ) may not run properly under cron , even after setting the env to the same as the normal one ( most likely , missing tty - stuff ) .
Downgrade a hybrid Debian into " pure " stable or testing :
( echo -n " sudo apt - get install -y -- allow - downgrade " ; apt - cache madison \ $ ( apt - show - versions | grep -v jessie | grep ' newer than version ' | nth 0 ) | grep ftp.de | awk ' {printf ( " %s=%s
" , $ 1 , $ 3 ) ; } ' ) > doit.sh sudo ./doit.sh
CLang , NERDTree , EasyMotion for VIM :
Install NERDtree and EasyMotion , by downloading from http://vim.org and unzip - ing inside your .vim/ folder .
For CLang autocompletion it 's the same process , with the added caveat that under Arch , I had to use the " libclang " based mode of operation ( spawning did n't work for some reason ) .
After that , in my .vimrc : let g:clang_library_path='/usr/lib/llvm ' ( necessary for using libclang ) autocmd CursorMovedI * if pumvisible ( ) == 0|pclose|endif autocmd InsertLeave * if pumvisible ( ) == 0|pclose|endif ( auto - closes preview window after you select what to auto - complete with ) nmap < silent > < c -n> : NERDTreeToggle <CR > ( maps NERDTree to Ctrl - N ) let g:NERDTreeDirArrows=0 ( tells NERDTree to use standard characters )
Python administration with pip and virtualenv :
After installing easy_install from distro ... easy_install pip pip install virtualenv pip install virtualenvwrapper mkdir $ HOME /.virtualenvs
Edit . bashrc , and change python2 below to your Python ...
export WORKON_HOME=$HOME/.virtualenvs export VIRTUALENVWRAPPER_PYTHON=/usr/bin/python2 source /usr/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh
Re-login .
You can now ... mkvirtualenv whatever workon ( shows list ) workon whatever ( prompt changes , you are in whatever now ... ) pip freeze ( shows list of packages , both system - wide and local ) pip freeze -l ( shows list of local packages ) pip search packagename pip install packagename pip uninstall packagename deactivate ( back to normal )
If you want a " fresh " environment , that does n't use the globally installed versions of packages , then instead of ... mkvirtualenv whatever ... do this : mkvirtualenv -- no - site - packages whatever
Import sources in a local CVS repository :
mkdir /opt/ cvsroot export CVSROOT= / opt / cvsroot cd /var / tmp dtar mysources.tgz cd NewProggy cvs import ttsiodras / NewProggy NewProggy start cd .. rm -rf NewProggy cvs checkout ttsiodras / NewProggy cd ttsiodras / NewProggy vi ... cvs commit ...
Git -svn generated .cvsignore files into .git/info/exclude :
From directory containing .git , execute ... find .
- type f - name .cvsignore | \ while read LO ; do \ PREF = " `dirname $ LO | cut - c3 - ` " ; \ cat " $ LO " | \ while read WOW ; \ do echo " $ PREF / $ WOW " ; \ done ; \ done >> .git/info/exclude
Git status unescaped UTF8 output :
Place quotepath = false in .git / config in the [ core ] section , or just : $ git config core.
quotepath false
Create PNGs from a pdf presentation :
gs -dSAFER -dBATCH -dNOPAUSE -dTextAlphaBits=4 \ -dGraphicsAlphaBits=4 \ - r85 -q -sDEVICE=png16 m - sOutputFile=icfp-pg%02d.png \ PhDPresentation.pdf
Indent C or C++ code :
Use indent - kr *c for C , and astyle -- style=ansi -l *h * cc for C ++.
Show default defines of GCC :
echo | gcc -dM -E -
Execute queries on MySQL and have html output viewed via w3 m :
#!/bin/bash echo
What is the wikidb wikiuser passwd ?
read PASSWD while true do echo SQL cmd to execute : \( \" quit\ " to abort\ ) read ANS if [ " $ ANS " == " quit " ] then break fi ( echo $ ANS | mysql -u wikiuser wikidb - p$PASSWD \ - H -q | w3 m -o confirm_qq=0 - T text / html ) done
Change MySQL tables to UTF8 :
bash $ mysql - p ... mysql > alter table some_table convert to character set utf8 collate utf8_unicode_ci ;
Use octave to solve polynomials :
To use octave for solving 4 3 2 x + 60 x - 9261x - 54000x - 810000 = 0 I typed : a = [ 1 60 - 9261 - 54000 - 810000 ] roots ( a ) and I got : ans = - 128.9492 + 0.0000 i 75.0000 + 0.0000 i - 3.0254 + 8.6372i - 3.0254 - 8.6372i
Use oprofile for detailed stats on runtime :
opcontrol -- no-vmlinux opcontrol -- start run_your_program opcontrol -- shutdown opreport -l your_program_binary
Use a PAP - based modem account :
Edit /etc / ppp/pap-secrets and /etc / ppp/options to fill - in the loginname / password info .
In /etc / ppp / pap- secrets add a line : * * password and in /etc / ppp/options , add a line : lock name loginname usepeerdns
Access Internet from within QEMU :
Once you get connected with wvdial or whatever you use ... echo 1 > / proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward iptables -t nat -A POSTROUTING -o ppp0 -j MASQUERADE and execute qemu ...
The simplest of software RAID1 , two partitions :
mdadm -- create / dev/md0 -- level=1 --raid - disks=2 \ /dev/sda1 /dev/sda2 mdadm - A /dev/md0 /dev/sdb1 /dev/sdb2
Read a damaged CD / DVD valid parts and get the rest with rsync :
As is often the case , when I bring some burned CD / DVD from work , I find out that its bad at some offset .
I came up with this Perl script : ---------------------------------------
#!/usr/bin/perl
-w use strict ; my $ i=0 ; select ( ( select ( STDOUT ) , $ | = 1 ) [ 0 ] ) ; unlink ( " data " ) ; system ( " dd if=/dev/zero of=zero bs=2 K count=1 " ) ; my $ step = 1 ; print " Sector : " ; while ( 1 ) { system ( " dd if=/cdrom/BadSector of=sector bs=2 K skip=$i " .
" count=1 >/dev/null 2>&1 " ) ; if ( $? == 0 ) { print sprintf ( " \b\b\b\b\b\b\b\b%08d " , $ i ) ; system ( " cat sector >> data " ) ; $ step = 1 ; $ i += $ step ; } else { system ( " cat zero >> data " ) ; $ step += $ step ; $ i += $ step ; print "
Jumped over $ step
Sector : " ; } } -----------------------------
With the CD / DVD mounted on / cdrom / , it will slowly but effectively copy sector by sector of the file mentioned in the ' dd ' line into the file called ' data ' .
Reading sector - sector proves to be enough to correct a multitude of read - errors on my DVD reader , but even if that is n't enough , it will quickly jump over the problem areas in the DVD , writing blank ' sectors ' to mark the jumps .
After that , rsync can save the day : rsync - vvv -B 131072 -e ssh \ login@xxx.yyy.zzz.kkk :/path/todata data
Connect to the BSD console over a null cable :
slattach -p slip -s 19200 / dev/ttyS0 & ifconfig sl0 192.168 ......
Password - less logins through SSH :
To allow no -password logins to a target account , ( say , root :‑ ) , you must add the public key of the account you will login from , into the target account 's .ssh / authorized_keys file .
To create the public / secret key pair on the source account , use ssh - keygen -t dsa -b 1024
To avoid break - ins if someone steals your private key , use a passphrase when creating the key pair , and use ssh - agent to only type the passphrase once per boot .
Convert a static lib ( .a ) into a dynamic one ( .so ) :
gcc - shared -o libXxf86vm.so.1.0 \ - Wl , - soname,libXxf86vm.so.1 \ - Wl , --whole-archive,libXxf86vm.a,--no-whole-archive
Link with a shared library and store the path ( avoid LD_LIBRARY_PATH ) :
gcc -o exename -L/ path/to/dynamiclib/ -lnameofLib \ - Wl,-R/path/to/dynamiclib/ sourceCode1.c ... ( This assumes that / path / to/ dynamiclib / contains libnameofLib.so )
Undelete from a ReiserFS partition :
First , take a backup of all files in that partition , as the undeletion process WILL mess up all existing files !
Then , reiserfsck -- rebuild - tree - S \ -l /var/tmp/recovery.log / dev/hda2 where / dev/hd a2 is of course your own partition ...
Create live presentations from your X11 :
=======================
To generate an XVID AVI =======================
First , run the server : vncserver - geometry 640x480
Then connect to it , and produce the recording file : vncrec - record samples.vncrec ( e.g. when asked , connect to localhost : 1) Hit F8 to bring up the menu to Stop .
Then , check it with : vncrec - play samples.vncrec and encode it ( at 64 kbps ) with : transcode - i samples.vncrec -x vnc - z -y xvid \ -g 1024x768 - o mitsos.avi -w 64 View it with : mplayer - vo x11 - fs mitsos.avi =======================================
To create an SWF that works for the Web =======================================
vncserver - geometry 640x480 vnc2swf video.swf localhost:1 F9 to start recording F8 to bring up menu and quit cp ../track.mp3 .
edit_vnc2swf.py -o final.swf - a track.mp3 video.swf
wget fails , needs referrer :
wget - nc -r - l inf -k - p -T 10 - o log \ -- referer=http://doom9.org/software2.htm \
http://doom9.org/doc-overview.htm
Convert text between different encodings :
iconv -f WINDOWS - 1253 -t ISO - 8859 - 7 Subtitle .GR.srt
Programmable debugging with GDB :
While trying to figure out what was going wrong with decoding my mp3PRO files , I used GDB 's command lists : break init_plugins_from_dir run - ao pcm:file=o.wav - demuxer xmms a.mp3 display / i $ pc set disassembly - flavor intel cont tbreak *( decode_file+0x360 ) break *( decode_file+0x432 ) commands 3 silent echo Reached point where sample rate is final
x /1 x $ my q end c ni set $ my = ( * ( $eax + 4 ) + 32 ) set $ my2 = ( * ( $eax +4 ) +0x10f78 ) echo Initial value of sample rate
x /1x $ my x /1 x $ my2 break *( decode_file+0x39f ) commands 4 silent echo Before call at decode_file +0x39f
x /1 x $ my x /1 x $ my2 cont end break *( decode_file+0x3 a4 ) commands 5 silent echo After call at decode_file +0x39f
x /1 x $ my x /1 x $ my2 echo
cont end set $ cnt = 0 break * mp3decDecode commands 6 silent set $ cnt = $ cnt + 1 if $ cnt == 3 echo Entered mp3decDecode
set $ breakDecodeFrame = 1 end cont end set $ breakDecodeFrame = 0 break *( DecodeFrame__14CMp3PRODecoderPviPibPUcT3+0x1a3 ) commands 7 if $ breakDecodeFrame == 1 echo
This is where the sample rate is changed from
x /1 x $ my2 set $ my3 = *( $my 2) +0x98 x /1 x $ my3 else cont end end c
Create syntax - highlighted HTML from code :
webcpp file .c file.html
Turn the clock back for an application :
Use this code to create a shared library called time - warp.so : gcc -D_GNU_SOURCE
- shared -o time - warp. so time - warp.c - ldl ... and then , simply execute the desired binary with ...
LD_PRELOAD=/path/to/time-warp.so / path / to/binary [ args ]
You can change how much back the clock will be set by changing OFFSET_IN_SECONDS in the code .
Dump hex and ASCII data :
bash $ echo
Check the MBR data bash $ dd if=/dev/sdc bs =512 count=1 | hexdump - C 00000000 eb 48 90 d0 bc 00 7 c fb 50 07 50 1f fc be 1 b 7c |.H....|. P.P....|| 00000010 bf 1 b 06 50 57 b9 e5 01 f3 a4 cb bd be 07 b1 04 |... PW ...........| 00000020 38 6e 00 7c 09 75 13 83 c5 10 e2 f4 cd 18 8 b f5 | 8n.|.u..........|
00000030 83 c6 10 49 74 19 38 2 c 74 f6 a0 b5 07 b4 03 02 |... It.8 , t.......| 00000040 ff 00 00 20 01 00 00 00 00 02 fa 90 90 f6 c2 80 |... ............| ...
Unbuffered pipes ( driven to grep , etc ) :
Install the " expect " package , and use unbuffer : bash $ unbuffer tail -f /var/log/ apache/access.log | grep -- line - buffered bozzo | ...
Python debugging :
If you find pdb a bit lacking , install ipdb and put something like this in your code : if specialConditionAtRuntime ( ) or specialCmdLineArgPassed : import ipdb ipdb.set_trace ()
You can then have the nice tab - completion and colored syntax output of IPython during your debugging .
Compile - time C assert :
# define assert_static(e ) \ do { \ enum { assert_static__ = 1/(e ) } ; \ } while ( 0 ) ... //
This will fail at compile time in 64bit compilers long x ; assert_static ( sizeof ( x ) == 4 ) ;
Creating a MinGW import library from a .dll :
Method 1 : pexports RASDLG.DLL | sed 's /^_//' > rasdlg .
def dlltool -- input - def rasdlg .def -- dllname RASDLG.DLL -- output - lib librasdlg .a -k cp librasdlg .a / Mingw/ lib ranlib /Mingw/lib/librasdlg .a
Method 2 : pexports
/c/ WINDOWS / system32/python25.dll > py25.def dlltool - D python25.dll -d python25.def -l libpython25.a
Simple readline example :
#include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > # include < readline /readline.h> # include < readline /history .h> int main ( void ) { while ( 1 ) { char * msg = readline ( " hello > " ) ; if ( msg ) { printf ( " echo : '%s '
" , msg ) ; add_history ( msg ) ; free ( msg ) ; } else exit ( 1 ) ; } return 0 ; }
Simple FFT example :
import math import scipy import sys if len ( sys . argv ) >
1 : N = int ( sys . argv [ 1 ] ) else : N = 16 Nlast = N / 2 angle = [ x * 360 ./ N for x in range ( 0 , N ) ] print " Angles : " , angle angleInRadians = [ x * 2 .* math .
pi / 360 . for x in angle ] print " Broadcast frequencies of 1 , 2 , 3 and 8 Hz " data = [ 3.5 * math .
cos ( 1 .* x ) + 1.0 * math . cos ( 2 .* x ) + 2.5 * math . cos ( 3 .* x ) + 0.5 * math .
cos ( 8 .* x ) for x in angleInRadians ] print " Performing FFT ... " freq = scipy .
fft ( data ) [ 0 : Nlast + 1 ] freq /= N / 2 . freq [ 0 ] /= 2 . freq [- 1 ] /= 2 . print " Magnitudes : " , print " , " . join ( " % 4.2 f " % x for x in abs ( freq ) ) def near ( f , g ) : return abs ( f - g ) < 1e - 6 print " Verifying coefficients ... " assert ( near ( freq [ 1 ] , 3.5 ) ) assert ( near ( freq [ 2 ] , 1.0 ) ) assert ( near ( freq [ 3 ] , 2.5 ) ) assert ( near ( freq [ 8 ] , 0.5 ) ) print " Coefficients OK . "
Catch undefined behaviour with clang :
Just compile with : - fcatch - undefined - behavior
I neglected to mention that the Summer Solstice began the season of Discardia which will end with the new moon on the 29th .
Chris and I had been talking about doing a yard sale or a trip to the flea market , but we live on a very steep hill without enough foot traffic to make a yard sale successful and it seems that you ’re supposed to show up at the flea market at 5 a .m. so that ’s right out .
We ’d have to make a lot of money to make all that hassle worthwhile , so we ’ll try a less painful approach : the virtual yard sale .
If you ’re interested in any of the following items , just comment or email yardsale at this domain and make an offer .
Please note that “ I ’ll come pick it up ” is a perfectly valid offer .
( FYI , our place is in the Castro district in San Francisco ) .
– queen - size futon with simple wood frame & two pieces which act as side tables when in couch mode
– folding screen , black lattice & white fabric “ rice paper ” , three ~ 17″ x66 ″ panels
– pressboard 2 - drawer unit , 16 ″ cube
– classic fold - up card table , 30 ″ square , been in use in my family for decades , needs a good home
– blue leather Palm pilot case ( suitable for Palm I - III , possibly I -V )
– 60’s look checkerboard pattern knit mini-dress with red stripe , needs light repair , size m , very Speed Racer in aesthetic , could also pass for 1930 ’s geometric
– round stone table fountain with pump
– Jensen JMP - 33 computer speakers
– small , extremely solid safe
– Honeywell air purifier
– wooden folding tv - tray - style table
– metal “ No Dumping Allowed ” sign
– comics : Paul the Samurai # 1 - 3 , Paul the Samurai : Tick Spinoff # 2 - 4 & 7 , Enigma # 1 - 4 , Marvels Book 1 ( Flash ) , Superman the Man of Steel Feb 94 # 30 Colorforms issue with Lobo .
– SF Examiner article from Sept 23 1979 about Dungeons & Dragons “ Joys , dangers of game where one ’s imagination is the limit ”
– music memorbilia bag ( cassette Green Jello “ Three Little Pigs ” pre-cease & desist order , button “ I ’m too sexy ” from Right Said Fred tour , Bruce Cockburn Big Circumstance tour button , repro of Rolling Stone magazine # 1 , “ I love the Bay City Rollers ” patch )
– movie & tv memorabilia bag ( Cool World Holli Would button , Naked Lunch button , 3 Batman logo from first Burton film buttons , Spike & Mike Twisted Toons barf bag unused I should note , Misery bookmarks & 2 buttons , Cool World promo postcard , “ The Tucker Times ” printed promo page for the movie “ Tucker ” with Jeff Bridges , People magazine Sept 25 1989 issue about Saturday Night Live , Entertainment Weekly # 3 issue on Hunt for Red October with a little coming soon ad from NBC with this blurb near the bottom “ The Seinfeld Chronicles : A different look at the life and misadventures of the single man , from hip new stand - up comic Jerry Seinfeld . ” )
– collectible trading cards bag ( unopened Jyhad starter deck from original version , 4 unopened booster packs ditto , promo material for re-release of game as “ Vampire : The Eternal Struggle ” , complete set of Jyhad cards mint in binder , 1995 Magic : the Gathering binder , Tomart ’s Photo Checklist & Price Guide to Collectible Card Games vol .
1 first printing 1995 , The Duelist magazine # 6 featuring art of Rob Alexander , The Duelist magazine # 5 featuring art of Liz Danforth , The Duelist magazine # 7 featuring art of Mark Tedin , The Duelist # 4 featuring the art of Melissa Benson , 1995 Other Worlds : Michael Whelan II collector cards binder w/ promo sheet & 3 cards 14 21 & 41 , 1995 David Cherry collectible cards set [ complete , I think , but the cards are sleeved out of order & I feel lazy at the moment ] , 1994 MTG poster illustrating many cards and 1994 Jyhad poster plus bonus gift of Chris Baccalo poster of Death from Sandman , box from 1995 MTG 2 deck starter kit in very good condition , Mark Poole deck box with juggling sorceress , assortment of 1994 Star Trek : The Next Generation cards including Wesley Crusher , 1991 3M Olympic Innovator ’s Collection Olga Korbut card )
– politics & news memorabilia bag ( Spy magazine Oct 1997 with Bill Clinton on cover as superhero – bagged in very good condition with Clinton / Gore 92 bumper sticker , front section of SF Chronicle May 25 1987 “ The Great Party ” 50th birthday of the Golden Gate Bridge , “ No on 65 Stop LaRouche ” button , front section of San Jose Mercury News Feb 8 1990 “ Communists give up monopoly ” “ Bush backs arms control , SDI ” “ Top official [ Gassee ] on way out at Apple ” , used “ Fight the Right ” phone card with picture of Newt Gingrich on it , Garbage magazine Premier Issue , lots of 1989 Quake related newspaper sections including SJ Merc Oct 23 “ The Long Road Back ” , SJ Merc Oct 22 “ We will never forget ” 16 page memorial , SJ Merc Oct 23 front “ Thank God , I ’m alive ” Buck Helm story , SJ Merc Oct 19 3 sections including front section with “ Cold fusion heats up ” , SF Chron Oct 18 8 page issue “ EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA HUNDREDS DEAD IN HUGE QUAKE ” , Contra Costa Times Oct 18 ” Earthquake :
Over 200 die ; bridge , I - 880 collapse ” , SJ Merc Oct 18 “ MASSIVE QUAKE 76 die in seconds of horror ” .
SF Examiner Oct 18 “ EARTHQUAKE EXTRA 7.0 quake stuns Bay ” , SJ Merc Oct 21 front section , SJ Merc Nov 10 story about Bookshop Santa Cruz , and the best thing of all , Kevin Cowherd ’s column from the morning of Oct. 17th about the World Series game which reads “ Actually , I have no idea who is going to win the Series , because these are two teams from California and God only knows if they ’ll even get all the games in .
An earthquake could rip through the Bay Area before they sing the national anthem for Game 3 . ” )
